Episode 514
Bonds, Sonny Bonds (Police Quest 2 part 2)
April 24, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=melxVQn3ebE
___________________________________________

October 1st Trump ok bonds he's 2 full
clips of fresh ammo but I want to let
you know something I'm not giving these
to you for free we work for our ammo
here we gotta work for it like every
American should the death angel is back
and the death angel was Lucas and your
chief is still Mickey Mouse was he and
the Jail Warden guy is the solvent for
Southern California surfer dude oh yeah
that's right all right great yeah hello
Sonny
oh this is Big John
nothing I just walked over here and you
bothered me you will not need to type in
bothered so what are we doing now
something's gonna happen right well I'm
sure there's one more thing you have to
do I guess we had to go to the court for
the subpoena we have to wait for this
subpoena to come up oh there's pride
Colombo oh here it is
Oh Bonds I'm glad you came I'm glad you
came here we got bad news Jesse Bane's
has escaped Linton City Jail let's go
bust some Punk's not only ICO is the
kept out well not only is he escaped
captain says he took he took the jailers
hostage
Oh Oh No Banzai I've named Andrew Parker
keep the special task force with the
code name target
won't you answer anyhow cause I might
have any ugly glistrup at my truck shot
at poking and get all this manually oh
okay
find a mug shot how do I find a mug shot
mug shots but with maybe in this cabinet
I can find a bug shot there you go
captain Mouse and Keith Columbo have a
sad hmm there it is
Jesse Bane's boom look at that asshole
right there
this man is a punk he's a punk look at
Punk I can only look at one fire I'm
just so enthusiastic for my work as a
police officer homicide detectives that
dominoes scars caused by bullets look at
that's because that's where I shot that
that scumbag thing yeah sorry I can
think faster up for a second thing oh my
god oxygen you're right it's been more
an hour let's stand up
I understand up fine if it's the proper
thing to do I'll do it break stand up
people feel good about ourselves
make make our bodies feel nice rich is
left
got shit my pockets too I'm gonna take
all that shit out of my pockets
great great
ah I'm gonna stat the timer now like I
should have in the first place like I
should have in the first place always
set your timer always be setting timers
boom an hour
great great
Donald scars caused by bullets yeah oh
my god rich yeah can you in the
captain's voice remark that you feel
like something someone stuck a big club
up your ass and that it hurts lol fuck
my samurai cop oh shut up my ass hurts
well there you go you just went pee does
that kind of standing up as long as you
stood up first and then pee yes okay all
right look at mug shot you're already
looking at it it's right there rich
Sonny it's right there Sonny
take mug shot thanks I think I already
did that now
boom
urban vermin maybe we'll be reviewing
3ds games that weekend now which is the
nice thing I do have the munch on during
great
what are you captain tells you grab the
mugshot out and to answer phone calls I
want you to take all the color take all
the calls regarding this so with
anything remotely related that's what he
said yeah oh you you go ahead Padma I'll
be right out I got it I got it talk to
my wife go to the diner
I wasn't Kate Mulgrew wasn't she
Columbus wife when we talking about Kate
Mulgrew they were talking when she was
mrs. Columbo she was mrs. Columbo yeah
she had her own spin your eyes Mattel
she did oh yeah and that one day I
completely forgot about oh there you go
Kate Mulgrew rich just typing enhance
over and over again until the crime is
solved I get it you get it okay well
okay where's your radio do you have your
radio she's probably got my keys you
should get your keys and your radio oh
is that another thing oh I just assumed
that you'll need that I don't know I'm
hold on you're not reading the chat and
finding things are you oh god no
let's see radio procedures respond to
all radio transmission as required
according to police regulations avoid
unnecessary radio transmissions required
equipment shoulder hosts holster
department-issue handgun handcuffs
department-issue ammunition clips patrol
car keys department-issue field kit
which includes fingerprint powder
fingerprint brush fingerprint tape
casting powder glass vial eyedropper
plastic baggies and camera oh my god
we're gonna find all that shit well I
think that's in the field kit where's
the field kit I don't know maybe it's in
the maybe you talked to the supply guy
you need the field kit move the keys
from the board boom
now we're so you need a radio and you
need a field kit maybe you don't need a
radio it doesn't say you need a radio
my spell might feel wrong f IE yeah did
I have a typo
I had a typo I guess I can't use that
right now rich field kit he is not here
he is not maybe it's in the car and
field kit I never heard of it nobody see
the video kick these games work now
oh my god we didn't save rich save hold
on okay it's a is that your trunk I'm
assuming this thing was quite a car we
take this I had to grab the keys this is
car down there homicide detective use no
traffic cop car I am offended ha ha I am
offended sir sir maybe take the other
car the blue ones been there the whole
time
yeah it has I remember the last camera
let's try inspect the car we don't want
the card blow up again backed in the
ladder unmarked cars private cars and
sometimes a marked police cruisers yeah
remember the last thing we didn't walk
around the car it would blow up oh my
god you're right you drove I don't think
we have to do that I'm just in case just
in case I know Sierra they like fucking
you over oh yeah okay let's see here
radio procedures shooting range
procedures police computer procedures
felony arrest procedures the use of
firearms in course of duty homicide
investigation procedures gather evidence
notify the coroner conduct interviews
analysis of evidence
there's nothing about inspecting cars oh
yeah well wait upset it what's the rush
anyway what's going on Keith looks like
Donald Trump look at that hair you can
do nothing you just switch it up if you
want you hear the radio careful Oh
perfect for keep grads my can answer
that dispatch 5/3 married to go go ahead
with the traffic well I born so I cringe
captain Fletcher hollows angry
tournament where are you pawns y'all
haven't followed orders get back here no
would you do what you do I don't know
you say oh my god it just goes we better
show some results soon son yeah he'll
have a badges you can't begin do that
hey boy just in case you don't know it
we have a police department run noclip
rushing around hello
oh god free information get the box that
would be so lucky if you could just
check in with me won't you out shiver
might have something you do tell us one
fuck you've no no oh shit Wow Wow your
objective sorry good money I'm gonna
replace your goofy nose would you tell
them to do well I think I found the
murderer they're both the captain well
you're on the phone you dickhead alright
what am I supposed to do that I'm the
mist in the dialogue I I don't I don't I
don't know some bitch some some bitch
you missed something me balmy bowls is
excited to see some 3d I highly
recommend a Super Mario 3d Land I bet
even rich would have a go also consider
Professor Layton
I love the Professor Layton games a lot
of fun a lot of fun logic puzzles I
remember okay
duckie you will you need your field kit
you need a radio of some sort right
vehicle code penal code
I have a Star Wars shirt on because I
don't hate the movies I like the
original movies
I'm okay with the Star Wars universe I
don't love it is the thing but the
internet only understands extremes plus
the shirt was clean and relatively new
yeah sometimes I based my shirt
decisions on what is clean this was one
of those cases
oh great look out feeling cornered
trapped could be we have to find the kid
yeah I think we might have to find the
kit but I just have no idea
you're not close enough doc dr. Mann huh
what's in that door burglary
locker room burglary homicide and
narcotics rich you have a request yeah
Tapan sorry shut the fucking dare okay
um mochi hasn't has an idea head back
into your office oh yeah there is
there's a locker over there it's hard to
tell but check out that locker
hello the lot nope no no and that one
not over to that one that was a good
guess though that's good go talk to the
guy who gave you a mo hmm Darren okay
yeah maybe he's got oh no just walking
by oh there could I help you nope they
go you can't get that there wasn't
coffee
you can't get it you can't get it you
can't get that didn't give me here's
what I'm gonna say I want you to look at
the size of my hands tell me what you
think about him there's a nice size
hands don't you think maybe if they were
a little bit bigger I could get you that
case tell me my hands are big that was
my fault because so busy doing the
Mickey Mouse voice yeah I wasn't really
paying attention to what he was saying I
think you need to go back to Big John we
already do what do you want to talk doc
wait your turn
balls meet clack and I like that I like
the fact that which saves the chat so if
you watch oh oh you saw me how can I
help you get KITT one of the boobs in
poor clothes no okay good
okay that's interesting this implies
that I can get it in here right you
can't get that versus close enough to
what there's no way what bin that's a
bin
counter right yes oh look at counter
builds on the back of the counter our
lock storage bins which should really be
in front somewhere or you can see them
come on game look at them yeah unlock
pin yeah
come on beep it a boo boo beep one small
ball says a nice clean shirt to go with
that clean check that Disney gave you
pack fraud confirmed oh and you're doing
making my oh you would you sell out and
we're gonna try and leave now we might
get fired you think that we'll see he's
talking on the phone he's talking on the
phone ah snake in the garden says hey
guys my Jack love mint I also bought a
video last week to play Issac playing
non-stop and still getting my ass handed
to me yes any similar games you'd
recommend PS thank you for the EU stream
last week we will try to make that you
Europe friendly stream a regular feature
perhaps the last week of every month the
what stream the Europe friendly stream
people seem to like that if you if you
like Isaac if you like the twin-stick
shooter that's hard as balls look up a
nuclear throne very similar very very
similar difficulty but more action than
Isaac I here I have traffic for you from
Murray 3 don't pretty one good side this
guy go ahead with your traffic
dispatches Bane by the way very are bugs
oh wait oh buzz oh no oh no
oh no suspended for two days womp womp
wah
even the hottest detective it needs to
follow orders rich can we just look this
up cuz this is something I've missed
this is this is different this is
different
he says you got answer to calls okay
well you can't talk to the captain now
who's on the phone
right you sit huh use phone no oh we
don't have any phone numbers
how do you throw subpoena oh god I have
no idea
your LBD business card so you still need
to get the kit and can you not you can't
talk to the captain at all it looks like
he's not on the phone as soon as you get
up is he gonna get on the phone again
looks like he's just drinking stuff
no no please I'm I'm eating ice cream I
just don't have the ear protectors oh
okay maybe you need to give those back
maybe you tried to steal your protectors
that's why you got fire my old ciphers I
told you about that oh thank you
so do we assume that's okay now or is
there something else I have to do
looking um we haven't really done much
in burglary look around in there no I
think oh oh go get your kit
don't forget think I have that no you
don't have it oh you did where did you
get that it was in the bin Oh
I saved afterwards oh okay good all
right great
I'm gonna sue this is everything yeah
maybe you know what maybe it is ironic
to remember about someone's Alzheimer's
all right rich there are procedures
there are procedures to be a policeman
you can't just you can't just
willy-nilly police yourself about turn
yourself all around that's what it's all
about
okay I'm sorry I was running behind yeah
now we're ready to go all right on our
travel file from three Mary one oh yeah
go god Howard to traffic dad now
dude do you think talk to the thing and
oh no you didn't do it
can you tell me where the stuff was I
didn't do I don't think anyone knows no
one knows what the assignment is hold on
okay
I can find this out
I can find this out you know why there's
a walkthrough
that's the first one huh go back up
scroll up everyone they're men that map
I guess they used a similar map which I
guess makes sense except yeah
let's see here get Baines file get
mugshot close file take car keys open
bin take feel-good codes might drive to
jail we can't do that go to the
narcotics office and speak to Lloyd
Pratt have you done that yeah okay hold
on that's good discover subpoena unlock
drawer get letter read letter get wallet
open wallet oh did you you didn't look
at the bulletin pretty sure huh I didn't
talk to anybody in narcotics oh hey hola
all because the drawer is now empty you
you look around there's one quite
interesting paper on captain halls desk
so go near it and look at papers go to
captain halls desk and look at papers
Miami ice cream pistachio write that
down
well sorry I'm usually having early know
your notebooks like ready and you can
whip that thing out or a moment's notice
right here I took it out of my pocket
took it out it I took it out of my
pocket earlier I'm here now I am here
now and getting to the end of yo
notebook Miami ice cream pistachio
passwords yeah
hey wait wait use computer now use
computer who do you have to talk to
narcotics oh wait it's time to somebody
narcotics I don't get both yeah but
we're not there yeah
that's that's later that's later no I
don't want to read everything I just put
her know what I want direction that's
all I really want I don't want solutions
necessarily oh well first and now you
have to look at bulletin boards near
window I think I think I already did
that did you yes look at board you scan
the ball board and see this you can tell
you blah blah blah behind your scores
great
Smithers you're so good at turning me on
this is you can use prompts like the dir
and CD yep okay mom Jason to sell you we
remember that murder by handgun alias
Marvin Hoffman Leroy Pearson flower
above left nipple yeah we remember all
this okay great
super hot super hot super what
Frank Sloane le right the don't move
Frank's scar on chest his beans okay
okay
sentence 97 years nice no parole for
murder
murder with dagger method of death yeah
method of death Oh that'd be a great
metal band name thank you for coming out
tonight we our method of death scar on
chest his veins okay
okay sentence 97 years nice no parole
for murder
murder with dagger method of death yeah
method of death Oh that'd be a great
metal band name thank you for coming out
tonight
we are method of death method of murder
method of death method of murder method
of death to teach gggggg Lonny West it's
from the last camera I believe yeah
sale of narcotics what else is in here
Mary is that our Mary no we have Mary
we have Marie that's all very
interesting I suppose what am i driving
yeah I am gonna start a growl core band
by there so what do we have to do one of
these or something I haven't I just have
no idea no no okay okay
yep I'm on many things mr. Beebe's
mostly lack of sleep and excessive
caffeine that's what I'm usually on cuz
I don't sleep very well and I drink lots
of coffee they're plugging themselves
the plug in the first game they might in
the sequel let's just make me urinated
what to plug in the first game in the
sequel so what's canon Jack what's Canon
where's reality begin and end where's
the wall wait so this is a game this and
this is in the sierra directory the
least quest in pursuit of the Death
Angel and at the brittle world of ice
drugs and homicide maybe they maybe in
in the game
there is a game based off of your real
life it's like King's Quest quest for
the crown just these aren't games these
are descriptions of games you're not
doing it right
let's completely bend reality let's have
that's that police quest 3 in here cuz
who cares
anything can happen brother that would
be great
directory command personnel have we
looked through the personnel for so now
yeah
pistachio or maybe Miami Miami because
it's a shorter word
I think ice cream was the one for
criminal wasn't think so yeah pistachio
I think pistachio wasn't over the other
no oh you were supposed to do that
Oh Mario oh we know that guy that
Italian traffic cop commendable
citations allegations what the
completely well all right the
complaining party alleged that after
being stopped for a traffic violation
officer gilepsy became belligerent and
verbally abusive okay great Calvin
Haynes traffic let's see here working
while working alone officer Haynes was
dispatched to cotton Cove to investigate
a report of one white male subject
harassing fishermen in the area pan
Haynes arrival he observed one nude
white male subject approaching his unit
why did he have his unit out fruits
can't stand him always waving around
their units another men it sickens me
what did he expect the man to do we saw
the unity turned gay before Haynes could
react the subject reached through the
open driver's window and ripped officer
Haynes badge off his uniform subject
then tossed the badge into the river
officer Haynes significant successfully
subdued kept the subject who was under
the influence of PCP note several
attempts at recovering officer Haynes
badge were unsuccessful censurable
reports none okay nice officer except
for the fact that he's gay now because
he saw another man's wing-wang so he's
so suspect James Simpson during the
final quarter of 1986 officer Simpson
was assigned to a traffic was assigned a
Traffic Division and was a member of B
sector team because he's lazy due to the
combined effort of the team reportable
accidents were reduced a total of 20
percent compared to the same quarter of
the previous year censurable reports
eight nine eight allegation
conduct unbecoming of an officer okay
during physical arrest of a child
beating suspect officer Simpson verbally
abused them with malicious intent spit
into the face of the suspect I find
nothing wrong with that I would have
beat him to a pulp myself I mean what
cops
finding sustained action two days
suspension without pay nice Adams
rubbered community involvement award for
his outstanding effort the founding and
promotion of the Litton police
scholarship fund for high school seniors
what a mouthful that one is sensible
reports five five seventy eight
allegation insubordination and failing
to maintain himself in a professional
manner what sergeant Adams during the
monthly staff meeting proceeded to
browbeat his superior officers while
using every four letter word known to
man I like him
four-letter words like liberals no
welfare socialism and action and
hard-working immigrant written reprimand
Laura what is Soto hottie
total babe commendable actions for 271
who relic rescue while jogging off-duty
officer waters spotted a small child
floating facedown in an irrigation ditch
officer waters wanted to say that its
jeweled I got something does a jade a no
like a really tiny J and a really tiny
Oh as we were pulled the child from the
water and applied CPR the child survival
was the direct result of her action
sensual censurable report
none sigh add a little bit the drink
before work today I figure it's okay
I've got Alzheimer's I can do whatever I
want I've got an excuse drink I don't
remember doing that nope nobody could
say anything st. Gatos I got a mental
condition had a mental brain thing what
do you mean I just opened another beer I
can't stand science but sometimes you
just got to learn to use it to your
advantage
I hate smart people they make me
uncomfortable with myself they think
they're smarter than me just because
they're smarter than me Jerome Williams
Willie commendable citations 69 81 gold
medal shooting event summit Police
Olympics
juh better than the regular Olympics
because they have police and police are
better than normal people that's why we
can do what we want when we want to do
it allegation misuse of sick time
finding sustained action today reduction
in pay there you go John Willis
commendable actions commendable
citations to 280 outstanding effort this
one's boring for some reason I really
know why this guy's sorry it said it's
not grabbing me there's too many numbers
and I don't like things that are smart
so I'm skipping this one okay Jones
Steve characters and the above date will
assign to Traffic Division officer Jones
became involved in a high-speed pursuit
of a stolen vehicle during the pursuit
the suspect nearly collided with several
other vehicles before spinning out a
freeway off-ramp as the suspect
attempted to regain control of the
vehicle officer Jones made the decision
to terminate the pursuit by ramming the
vehicle at low speeds this is really
fucking long suspect was placed under
arrest without further incident
Jim Walters is there anything useful in
any of these dependable that
departmental actions none this one's a
filler it's a filler file right oh my
god he's got a convocation officer
Walters has been tea
near the protective service unit
assigned to med Thomas G schmuck I I
instantly and automatically love bearer
Thomas G schmuck her outstanding effort
in this area of is duly noted
sensible reports none great ago Kim
Lloyd Pratt Medal of Valor officer Pratt
was wounded in the line of duty while
coming to the aid of a critically
wounded officer who had been hit with
gunfire from a heavily armed fugitives
Pratt after being hit in the right leg
returned fire and mortally wounded the
suspect like a good cop never aimed a
wound aim to kill or kill through a
wound which I guess is how every murder
by shotgun works really it's it's a
wound that causes the murder regarding
I'm just rambling now at this point if
y'all find the all-time is kind of like
citations RIS personal injuries having a
small child for burning vehicle whatever
I don't like children they're noisy
insubordination well that's not good on
duty drug consumption confidential in
fishing internal shame Lloyd Pratt might
be doing drugs on the job John Dooley
Dooley Dooley we've got a goofy name I
don't like him because he's got a goofy
name like good good old-fashioned proper
names not silly names de velas names an
end to the Y Dooley was instrumental in
breaking up the largest auto theft ring
in the history of Lytton which means one
car written is a very very small town
I can literally drive to the other end
of town in about two thirty seconds
really thirty seconds is all it takes
but then again I'm a cop and I can drive
as fast as I won Dooley arrested six
suspects because it was a clown car
and the cover to tell vehicles that were
still outstanding
censurable - puts nun laura watts Laura
why does Laura watts let's have some
more variety in our names people come on
experience and usually heavy rain
resulting in mudslides and road closures
while working Traffic Division officer
watts moving into an area while we're
commuter traffic and come to a stop
officer watts professional and
independent action was successful in
diverting traffic to an alternate route
which cleared a potentially explosive
situation because that's what you do
with women cops you have them direct
traffic meanwhile the men will stop the
murderers in the filth and get shot now
you go tell those cars where to go honey
make sure to write plenty of tickets so
we can afford our salaries because
that's the only reason there are tickets
we write tickets to justify the
existence of the police Oh
sensual reports being caught red-handed
making chicken tracks across the top of
Sergeant Dooley's deaths with a rubber
stamp this brought to light the true
identity of the infamous gremlin oh my
god the mystery has been solved the the
leftover mystery from police course it
was it was Laura Watts Laura Watts who
knew put the chicken on the desk she's
supposed to cook the chicken she did a
bad job James busy well I learned at the
office writing reports officer Pearson
encountered a hysterical man who advised
him that his wife was laying in the
backseat of his car giving birth to a
baby as women should do
calming the man down opposite person
successfully proceeded to aid in the
birth of a healthy baby boy
thank God the proud parents honored him
by naming their new addition James
censurable reports while assisting in
giving in in birthing the child
officer James that looked at a vagina
and that is unacceptable behavior of a
police officer that'll make you straight
never look at a vagina
oh wait what that'll make you straight
looking at a vagina it's the it's the
opposite of looking at a fetus wing-wang
a Willie a Jim Jim why am i censoring
him for looking at vaginas then he got
censured for that that doesn't make any
sense
Jaidyn been censored because I don't
like nudity
he got censored for that superior effort
and traffic management at the scene of a
double fatal chain reaction collision on
the Litton freeway
Oh oh my god officer Robertson's action
quickly brought the scene under control
and prevented further tragedy is there a
file on you yeah look at this look at
this magic me while working narcotics
division during 1980s it's funny because
I said it was 1986 earlier I guess it's
a little bit later than I thought it was
obvious and bonds received the key to
the city for his effort the arrest of
drug King Jesse Bates due to this effort
Baines was convicted and sent to prison
for murder drug trafficking illegal
gambling activities and the attempted
murder of a police officer boom since
suable reports none none censurable
reports one time he didn't walk around
his car before leaving he tried to leave
work before doing some vague thing that
is Mickey Mouse captain asked him to do
it stopped hiring mice as police
captain's never wigs oh right I don't
know that I need to do that right now
I'm just doing this something happens
maybe yeah this is the world
bronze-medal shootin why is the last one
the most boring one shooting event
bronze-medal that's great Wow Wow we
didn't save anybody or murder anybody
not every cop saves somebody by
murdering somebody else not everyone
could be like a superstar or a big
dickhead who's my last police file would
have been that officer who drove a car
off of a burning ramp to land on a drug
dealer that would have been my final
file and the police report drove his
burning car off of off of a highway ramp
parachuted out of the car while whipping
the middle finger at saddam hussein then
landed on a drug dealer he didn't he
didn't send the national anthem and
killed Muammar Qaddafi while saluting
the President of the United States a
team of children wept and applauded
having teach that having now taught the
children about the miracle of birth all
of them all of them children got married
to each other in man wife marriages the
good marriages honey huh oh you like to
hear one of my famous poem yeah no oh he
responded I said no oh okay fine I won't
leave me alone
Oh Cissy sure is nice weather we're
having yes
there's effect of the current conditions
of the outside world I'm just mentally
catching up with you I don't hate your
poem I guess it stopped a girl I'm here
don't be lloyd prep apparently slightly
out of touch with his surroundings your
old friend detective lloyd pratt slowly
looks up and says well slap me some
tracks and feed me a line mr. bonds
what's up name one crime I said we need
crime is up we need to stop crime I'm
not sure what you want me to do you get
out there and arrest some drug dealers
man you've got a gun you've got a car
you know what to do
Oh hold on we didn't read it - oh sorry
Lord Belmont
oh are you guys going to get the new hit
man and/or the division and do you know
if Jay has seen the witch yet I don't
know if JC know it yet sorry but I'm
busy here I can't help you with that
well what good are you the division I
thought the division was gonna be a
military game but I think it's a zombie
game there's like a whoa whoa okay
we don't know we don't have you there we
might talking talking to people in the
the Narcotics Division did nothing did
absolutely nothing - who's that who's
the one that was under investigation was
that Pratt don't remember talk to all of
them
I did do you talk to him about it the
investigation
so I can help you with that there drugs
oh hey I quietly turn Lloyd about the
ongoing internal affairs investigation
and I told him to stop using drugs I
didn't beg him because I never beg I
make demands and people listen Oh in a
clear voice Lloyd responds to you sunny
you are true friend I didn't realize how
bad off I was until I woke up yesterday
morning and I didn't know where I was I
made up my mind today I'm putting in for
leave of absence then I'm going to check
myself into a rehab imitation center
leaving Lloyd I wish him all the luck in
the world I know he's made the correct
decision because only used only losers
use drugs Jim this is your badge
this is your badge on drugs it looks
like Lloyd Oh take a look at Lloyd look
at him sitting there all fats right
like a sausage speaking of just say no
to drugs
rest in peace Nancy Reagan yeah yeah
yeah yeah whoo whoo kicked off this very
successful war on drugs that's another
one of those 94 how can you feel that
bad not bad at all no I see she was like
97 right anything after 90 it's sad it's
sad but it's not tragic after 90 really
it's a classic that's my limit for human
life
anything else for 90 he's just like I
can't believe you made it that far
only dope smoke dope 94 okay yeah you're
right 94 this bothers me the way it's
weird
and I'm doesn't bother me it bothers me
what I leaving again we'll see what
happens
wait can you talk to the captain now
that you've done some shit just to make
sure that's fair enough just to make
sure the captain doesn't have anything
for you I'm open the dog great oh wait
did you return the ear protection in
this save yes okay yes talk to Mickey
yeah we're smiling towards bond
talk to man what Jim is a muscular quiet
man he has nothing to say to you to
cover a new kindergarten right now
liking that dock viewer mr. bang find
the murderer then the kindergarten it's
time to go now yes I saved and I will do
it again for good measure very good
okay the wait did you put the Google
Wave kit did you put the I did that okay
preview safe okay heavy traffic just do
it just do it there's not bringing this
stream to a standstill who's your daddy
Oh what do they do wouldn't definitely
go through the day we need an Arnold
voice for a prominent character it's
gonna happen
Namah gets kind of an honest movies and
so everything I want to say is like I
know like it's like Jackie the egg don't
talk back
oh I love there oh no the boys every bit
of it okay okay hold on we spoke we
spoke to the Lloyd Pratt we asked him
about the drugs be patient we are coming
to that first you have to get some
equipment go to the locker room look at
the back of your LPD card open the
locker get gun from Locker you must have
forgotten ammo so take your ammo clips
handcuffs oh wait do you have to go
through the shooting thing again you
want you did this you saved leave range
using a projector and productive sight
change target we already we did all that
right when you're done exhaust current
ammo clip into target go back two miles
give your protection to him also get
ammo you have new ammo
mm-hmm
then Hall announces that Jesse Bane's
has escaped and assigns you to the case
open the cabinet get Bane's file you
have that you notice that there are two
photos of the bastard took the mugshot
maybe I didn't take the file when I
don't know hold on no get mugshot close
file close cabinet take car keys mm-hmm
go to the hall and open bin take filled
foot kit close bin open trunk put kid in
trunk on lock car drive to jail what the
fuck there's gotta be something we
missed
there's gotta be something we missed
hold on we use the computer we looked at
papers you opened your wallet you need
the file - I'll try and take the phone
that's what uh the real van saying you
need the file to give the gun to the
weapons officer no we give the gun when
we get to the when we get to the out of
my cold dead hand that's where you'll
get my gun we give we give the gun to
the prison guy remember and it won't be
a cold dead hand because I've got a gun
we might need to shoot again I don't
know I like but we already got the
points for that now I doubt it you can
only look at the file oh wait
and you can't take the file can you just
exit an hour get my shot you already
have that particular phonograph great
yep it just goes back there another name
we need for some ring I mean I guess we
could look at another method of murder
handgun no he's murdered let's see here