Episode 522
Bonds, Sonny Bonds (Police Quest 2 part 7)
May 3, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xVDGr-ojULs
___________________________________________

there you go I look around the public
restroom at the only unusual thing I
noticed is that it's cleaner than most
oh good old Litton even though it's not
old we've established the airport's new
new Luton and has had time to get filthy
but I'm gonna complement them anyway was
why not it's green bathroom Hideo Kojima
couldn't have written anything that
original and they're saying apparently
there's something called the Mars
trilogy which predates both of them
Erica so there we go
anyway expanse is good I'm enjoying it
use bathroom I've been holding it in for
40 hours as I eliminate the day's coffee
I think I wonder where the black in my
black coffee goes probably into my whore
girlfriend
there you go find nothing out of the
area blood and airy but yes I I've also
I've recommended the experience to rich
before I know he enjoys a good hard
sci-fi show and I think there's some
really good stuff in there
there's a toilet look at toilet look at
open tank tank I guess yeah
open dank search tank look in tank
there's a limiter work by the way after
I just screamed oh my god it looks like
you're peeking a little bit but by the
way someone will have to tell us what we
think of Rich's voice we have rich
plugged into did you explain this to the
side of the street scream stream I
promise I typed it I never we never had
an official says do it audibly we we've
gotten some criticism for Rich's voice
his magic magic voice and even though we
have these nice condenser microphones
and a limiter compressor running on our
zoom h6 we've been getting some
complaints about Rich's volume
fluctuations and so today actually just
this morning oh no yesterday yesterday I
bought a stand-alone compressor gate
just for Ritchie's microphone you're
gonna show it to him look at this thing
it's huge it's ridiculous
it's huge and ridiculous it's a rack
compressor gate that's that's a whole
whole device whole large and presumably
expensive contraption is expensive I
bought it used at our local used music
store so I'm gonna say in fact relative
to other ones not used relatively
inexpensive but but still money that's
money money just to try and regulate my
voice which is so far managed to be
unregulated oh yeah
the next compressor slash gate what what
does it do jack so the what a compressor
should be doing is when rich talks quiet
it should be raising up his client
levels a little bit and more importantly
when rich screams at the top of his
goddamn lungs which is all the time
brings bring it down a little bit and
then the gate should be giving a hard
cutoff but apparently I haven't figured
out how that works yet mm-hmm there's a
noticeable hiss oh well great my
microphone is not plugged into the
compressor gate I just wanted to get
rich figure it out first and that now
next time I will plug mine into the gate
because it's two channels worth but rich
and quiet in the same sentence when I do
George Lucas you can barely hear me at
all on something that's always always
bothered me when I do the George Luke's
voice it's just you can't you can't
really hear what I'm saying cuz you're
gonna have my voice set low because
every now I'm gonna do oh my god so
hopefully the compressor will even that
out a little bit but so we're hoping
that it works for this stream we're
hoping you know we are trying to address
address the riches magical voice issue
that's actually pretty decent I can hear
Lucas yes that's that's what we wanted
great so if this works next stream I
will plug mine in
and and we will both be compressed er
Gators then unfortunately if we ever
have Jay back he'll have the
uncompressed one but that's fine okay
he'll have to deal with that because
this is only a two channel but if this
sounds fine I'll find another cheap one
and we'll just get all four will just
stack I see what looks like a police
revolver hidden in the bottom of the
toilet tank dun dun
Dodd oh by the way wouldn't it be
terrible if I just checked right now and
like I had the bypass on mean I had was
having heart surgery I don't understand
what there's a by anyone what would the
bypass do it just turns it off it
cancels it oh you wouldn't be working so
you can do all your settings and like
listen to it and then bypass all the
settings to hear what the audio sounds
and so you can compare and contrast
easily I see get gun why not just have
rich move away from his mic when he else
because rich doesn't think like that
rich is riches off the cuff he's he
spur-of-the-moment yeah did you know the
gun was in there no do you remember that
cuz that was an amazing fun yeah
what congratulations I mean III there
was a bathroom yeah which means you can
probably is probably something you have
to do in that bathroom sure small search
round see what you can find
that's adventure game
Matt roaches Mike to yours it would
sound better than the voice would go
I flush the toilet
whoosh gurgle gurgle how do I make
twitch work I don't know mr. Grinch
I saw your tip earlier you gotta be you
rich don't let any stupid box tell you
otherwise I wanted to get the box in
graves and you know it's important to
name your equipment it makes it it's
good luck so I'm gonna we're gonna name
it riches burden it's but the power the
rich the power of your voice carries on
I know but if this is helping I think
that's really great the wall I see a
paper towel dispenser an electric hand
dryer a mere and a vent mounted above
the stones event event first things
first you're at a dispenser it's shiny
and it does have paper towels it it's
well which is a step up from everything
else this shit alone yeah you washed
your hands after you into a bathroom I
don't care about that yeah rich look at
vent you are a fine upstanding police
officer you got to him wash your hands
after you take a piss
stand on toilet
really no I can't search vent I searched
high and low but so far I've found
nothing can you open vent remove vent
the event is equipment electric fan
designed their remove offensive odors
shoot vent don't be so violent sunny
we should match the riches to that angle
and height it'll save a lot of peeking
what else oh I suppose that's true
thank you filmography well yeah and a
lot of us we do so filmmaker freaky
thing like Laurent and kind of up like
that so now so now when you talk into it
okay you know it might save some of the
peaky Thank You filmmaker freak
does Batman wash his hands he better
wash his hands
we fight in crime you got to wash your
hands man
soap dispensers are empty still well
we're at least run someone no I'm fine
everything's fine
everything's fine
do a new mug shot I know mr. click she
didn't wash his hands
I can't hide there's nothing I can do
that to stop him yeah I do have a lotion
give a new mug shot I thought that was
it but I'll make sure no I can't say the
keyword that
how long have you been streaming today
we started um six ish little after six
so probably two and a half hours today
besides that I'm and we're I think we're
getting close to two years of actual
streaming it's crazy isn't it it is
crazy and and we are slowly becoming
actual streamers every every stream I
think we pick up you know like it took
us I mean I want to say it took as a
year just to figure out OBS but now we
got that down with some stupid it was
ooba-dooba me right the real van we did
ask for a climbing list we looked at it
and nothing seemed out of the ordinary
I need a goal what am I like what am i
doing what am i doing Jack the actress
who plays the UN woman in the expanse is
apparently being put in the next Star
Trek movie via reshoots and extra scenes
frantic grasp for acting credibility
much yes oh she's very good
there's this like older not older
yeah older there's this older like
Indian woman like um like Pakistani
Indian woman who's in the expanse and
she is fantastic in it she has this like
deep gravelly voice and she has just uh
just a neat air about her but I
carefully look over each car rental
agreement unable to find anything
helpful I return them to the agent well
that's unfortunate Wow wait hold on you
asked for a passenger list from them but
go to the next screen and ask for our
client list did you just do that I think
so
or eternity then that's what they're
saying we need to ask for clientelist
she also did a voice in Mass Effect but
who in the what now
the the lady in the expanse who they
have post post-mortem entered into the
Star Trek movie Kimberly Brooks that
might be a deep raspy voice no oh I'm
learning her name I can't think right so
it's so mysterious um people are saying
that they don't like her voice and it's
like she's so mushy smoky
she's mysterious and smoky and I love
her I'm trying to blink in the name I
can't remember her name her name is
Cherie the one who did Lady Shepherd
Agra shed that's not who I'm thinking
about I'm Jennifer Hill Saraya AG has
slow no the only two voice actresses who
I can name from from Mass Effect
she's Iranian apparently Jennifer Hale
and Kimberly Brooks and actually I think
British surgeons had a voice in the
first game so Riya AG salut that's okay
yeah yeah yeah she did one of the
Koreans no she did one of the kawari ins
I don't know what that is the quarians
okay the tally Addison sure
what you guys are douche a la ronde Vaz
Donbas is that oh is that a thing from
Mass Effect
that sounds place sure okay what are we
doing what is this a shakedown Chum gum
what else do I need to do finding those
client lists did nothing I can't I can't
pronounce her name I'm very sorry it's
an unusual name for me and I cannot
pronounce it am I supposed to be
interested just because it was a voice
from Mass Effect that's that's what they
were that doesn't work that way and well
I think the more interesting part is
they messed up the Star Trek so bad they
needed to insert someone after the movie
was shot man you know what that happens
sometimes
why yes says the agent I remember this
guy he bought a ticket from us recently
boom nervous or something oh you need to
talk to a lady agent you were talking a
man agent ticket agent hands me a list
of flights and pastures and says yeah
yeah officer see here's my problem yeah
this doesn't look like two different
people like it looks like one business
kind of area yes yeah I wouldn't think
to ask the two different people one guy
he's got the list on the whole Santa
list that's what I would think
by the way carefully scanning the
passenger list the name catches my eye
Louis paints I blurred out to the agent
actually I say with confidence to the
agent Louis pate
that's the jailers name Baines is using
the jailers ID Bob bomb gone the
destination listed is Houston the ticket
an agent advises me that the Houston
flight departed approximately 20 minutes
ago he's in Houston
is in Houston oh here comes Keith what
well Oh buddy while you wouldn't here
wander and what what to do I manage to
find bein stolen card an epochal so I
guess I did the real police work not you
huh yeah you find any police in over
here doin er please I've already
notified this pageant and they've told
it down to the impound lot I guess I'm
the real detective you sicken me
anyway now what have you found out
nothing as good as me I'm sure
everything useful found Louis paint's
name and a list of passengers for a
Houston flight it has to be Bane's that
bought that ticket he must have used
pates identification oh well that's uh
that's actually way more valuable your
information I guess I'm gonna go drink
smoke more cigarettes until that slowly
takes over that's where I work been in
there you did that well I want I want
you to tell me that I'm a good detective
I want you to tell me that again
let's go try and do something useful
Jack notices dude would like to say I'm
watching the stream and giving you money
whilst shitting the future is now that's
true
this other guy because last time barely
I didn't talk to both okay sure how do
you know which one you're talking to I'm
just I don't know
in any case adding additional scenes
after the movies already shot is not at
all uncommon so that shouldn't be like a
that shouldn't be an automatic like oh
you had to film extra stuff after you
shot everything that means your movies
gonna song sometimes the extra shots are
what helped the movie well what do you
know do we do we fully inspect all of
the parking lot
Samson okay oh I'm sorry you did it no
he did it
weekly leap I'm sure sorry but um what
do you need from me
here's where we get hit by a car
yep did you say yeah okay
this is dance so it seems like you have
a car to help wait you get a wine oh gee
that text the camp was a speeding better
get up and give him a ticket
Sonny Sonny we should be able to play
the rest of the game is key hopefully
you're a cat and you have nine lives if
I gotta run over by a taxi cat I'd be
deaf furious how do you live with
yourself how do you live with yourself
you know he should have given all a
pedestrian's of that like of where I
can't be associated with this I can't
see what I'm doing I can't I can't
this is saving my identity but it's
making it very hard to play the game I
can't open doors I don't think I have
anymore no look for my house maybe
there's a nice Volkswagen I
don't think I have any look and around I
don't think I have anymore Nazi puns and
maybe maybe we should hire a taxi
there's no reach when you had the pillow
on the chat could not see you are you in
a Porsche that's the car in front of me
oh that confused me at first - yeah
hey you you what you wanted to do the
bait voice and Keith visor back to a
4-inch Hague's I guess we should go back
and book all this evidence there that's
what I think oh wait wait wait wait wait
before you drive back yeah the chat is
saying we need to call our whore
girlfriend where do I call the whore
girlfriend they're saying right now
that's right Jackie is a high on life
you don't need drugs to be this stupid
tell me tell me where I called my whore
girlfriend call her call her know how
this is 1980-something he doesn't have a
cell phone
oh do you have to call her from though
I'm assuming I need to call it from my
phone
Oh from the from the office from the
station then Chad
what
that 800 whore
oh they're saying back at your desk okay
okay great that's Keith about life rich
yeah I ate doughnuts as a very important
question the answer is no what sucked
more playing Firewatch or being forced
to stop playing XCOM to to play
Firewatch and I think that was after I'd
beaten Dexcom to death it might be okay
oh hey a lot of my hatred towards
Firewatch was more the heated argument
with Jack then my actually despising the
game mm-hmm I don't I don't like it as a
game yeah who didn't you did not enjoy
it as a game no no that the tedious
walking that kept interrupting fairly
interesting story stuff was obnoxious
for anyone who's standing up it is no
time to stand up sweet Jeff is very
crisp hydrate your body with water
I have I have a question a question do
fish drink you might have just blown my
mind yeah whoa
if you buy a game you should give a fuck
if it's a gamer enough you know like I
said I think rich was getting a little
caught up on the game you know was
irritating me what was irritating me
mostly honestly no your argument the
Bing Lost was a deliberate game design
choice that was that was legitimate game
play in your mind not lost the the
legitimate gameplay choice was finding
your way around because that mirrors the
character finding his way around life
man is it fun
hey buzz assume that's a deliberate
gameplay choice is that fun I thought it
was I had a great time reading my map
looking at my compass looking around
am I going Who am I going the right way
told read my map look oh yeah down this
path oh wait
Pat pass what happened what happens if I
go this way oh I get a nice view but
that's not where everyone go back over
here to even pretend that's that's the
game play and they were going for you
need to be able to go more places and we
disagree and it's okay that we just go
okay aimless Corsair I like to think
sunny goes around unwitting unwittingly
mumbling his inner monologue
under his breath making anyone he's
talking to very uncomfortable I'm
staring at this man
he's an ugly man
news of this new subscriber says have
you heard of anti chamber no okay
neither have I it's a creative puzzle
game that you guys will find meat or
Atlee for at least an hour the trailer
will tell you what it's like if you're
interested I can gift it to you I will
add that to my list of games if you
would like to give it to us we are more
likely to play it there is no guarantee
I will add it to the list here right
under covert action done great one more
from aimless Corsair again Nazi jokes
seriously Jack that is so insensitive I
mean just listening to them
no no aimless Corsair that's there I
mean did you read the rest of that you
see no that's I you know what yeah I
like that
yeah no see I'm making Nazi jokes making
fun of the Nazis it's clever that's a
clever shit you want to read it I'll
read it okay you can read it I'll read
you get you you take that one this is
the green screen the green screen
everything is fine the green screen and
you it's both making my life just
miserable
just miserable aimless course aimless
Corsair says Nazi jokes seriously Jack
that is so insensitive I mean I'm just
listening to them and I feel like I need
a shower
and see I think that's good but that's
putting the bets good that's putting the
punchline on the victims and that's
where we can start getting you know I
think anyone can make fun of Nazis all
day long it's not at their expense
though it's a horrible thing that
happened
it is horrible thing that happened yeah
no humor is off-limits
if no topic of humor is off-limits if
you can make it funny okay yeah I mean I
agree with that all right
you know was a mistake you know what was
a mistake imprisoning and killing Jews
Israel Israel was a mistake it's like
you tell the Jewish people right you
know all right these these people these
horrible people they tried to kill
literally all of you so we're gonna make
it up to you by putting you in this
small desert country surrounded by
people who literally want to kill all of
you
Israel was a mistake she just get my
oming nobody wants to kill the Jews in
Wyoming no no coming okay
Lord Belmont says rich is absolutely
right Firewatch is not a game Thank You
Velma it is the pinnacle of walking
simulator super hot looks really good
however I want I wonder if you'll hear
any more about that this is the prereq
version of going to Red Alert oh did you
go to subscriber only mode yep Oh grow
up people in the chat can't handle shit
you know lower Belmont I mean I disagree
with you it's it's a very light game
Firewatch I can definitely agree with
that it's very light game as the there
is only one gameplay mechanic which is
find your way to the thing but I still
enjoy it it's a good story star do via
stardew valley is outselling the
division on Steam i believe that stardew
valley is the new the new indie hit that
is the new hotness the division looks
like it has nothing interesting going
for it I got I got asked on something
Twitter or an email or something someone
wanted to know that it you know it
wanted to know if they gifted it to us
if we would plant and a they promised oh
and you know what they came up with
actually a good comparison and I said I
know it looks uninteresting but look at
something like Dead Rising which looks
like a generic third-person zombie game
turns out to be something a little bit
more to be fair Dead Rising was the
first 3d zombie game that had shit loads
of zombies on the screen at once that
was that was the things thousands of
zombies at once so they had a thing sure
they did have a thing but it also looks
kind of generic that was I disagree
about this was there
disagree about that rising looking
generic so I said you know if you give
to possibly we like no guarantees
there's no guarantees we'll play
anything because there's a ton of shit
the plane but dead dead rising at the
time looked like I can't believe they
shoved so much shit on the screen oh and
see I was never into Dead Rising like I
cause I thought I was like a sigh this
was this was early Xbox 360 oh yeah this
this is when you're coming out of the
PlayStation 2 area and you would see 10
things on the screen at once there's
literally hundreds in Dead Rising and it
looked like a fun genre Romero movie I
mean I never that rising look great I
never played it when it came out because
I wasn't interested
Dead Rising is the reason I bought a 360
oh really
yeah Wow Wow to this day it's it's the
only reason I still have one oh yeah
okay
well there you go there you go solid row
says with all your sierra love
I recommend Space Quest incinerations
and Valhalla Strikes Back they're pretty
good Space Quest fan games wait one that
was pretty good I think with Space Quest
zero it was done very faithful in the
style of the old ones too really if we
go to box of mystery calm slash games
they're free you fucks that's great
that's good to know write it down
I'm done here we'll go we'll look again
okay
when all this stuff is saved all these
all the tips are safe save being of save
wait wait call your whore girlfriend
yeah
oh that reminds me yeah did you did you
hear that day of the tentacles getting
hairy release yeah yeah I actually have
yeah we were just talking about that a
couple streams ago
I'm just definite I never got into it
because the point click right click oh
like maniac mansion
but the point and click you were so
pointing on like words there's like a
weird hybrid but I thought it I thought
it was very interesting they're you know
bringing it to the modern consoles a
little easier to play data tentacle
Jack I sent you a copy of Valkyrie
Chronicles have you read end oh yeah no
I I do have that I have not redeemed it
yet but it's in my it's in my email I'll
get to it
would you consider playing it on stream
possibly we have 1 million games we have
1 million games how do I give to anti
chamber on Steam prereq at red letter
media calm is how you gift us games what
how do I call Murray
where is her number do you have a
rolodex
oh wait yeah nice you got it nope
nine one six the whore where do I find
her numbers that will drive me nuts if I
just call it and it's the right number
that would drive me nuts is it on the
thank you no no you could you tried to
look at thank you no right
it's scrawled on the bathroom wall huh
you know that's that's possibility no
dude
Oh check your inventory
taereung mo clip 10 gun extra mo money
clip thank you letter wallet handcuffs
rose new mug shot old mug shot and
business card some people are saying
picture on your locker another person
said it's on the bathroom it's on the
bathroom wall would you guys like them
to stream a text adventure game like
Zork maybe go back go back
old school
nope nope okay so maybe try going into a
into the bathroom stall Misner one if
anyone is offended by jokes about
tragedies they're probably not true are
LM fans and frankly you to make it funny
enough not to be lowbrow thank you
and frankly and frankly and frankly yeah
and frankly and Frank also does he say
and I'll just say and frankly and he
doesn't say n I like that and frankly
like make it funny enough not to be
lowbrow also have you two played the
alien games you'd have you two played
any alien games you did enjoy also of
Meissner quite poignant ly donated nine
dollars and 11 cents we're creating
we're creating monsters we are creating
monsters Richard let's find Adalind
Evans that's fine great
and I'll see a number in here I don't
see a number in here there there was
there was a I don't remember if it was a
real-time strategy game or a turn I
think it was it was a there was a
real-time aliens vs. predator strategy
game for the PlayStation 2 yeah do you
remember this that's not so horrible
yeah it kind of was except for the
aliens oh really you can for one one
that true we'll see what happens oh is
it on the note hang up Murray the whore
Wilkins what's your name what's your
name what's your damn name
Marie slut whore her full name is in the
police database alright
whoa I'll bite they're saying we'll cans
WI LK ans
Oh
oh but maybe if you look up her database
or phone numbers in there
the database in the computer yeah
wasn't the phone I don't remember rich
says gobbledygook s' wood Karen enjoy
Hitchhiker's Guide to the galaxy text
adventures by infocomm I'm not sure how
you feel about text adventures in
general I know she loves the
Hitchhiker's Guide though hmm play
planetfall is a good one that inspired
Space Quest and leather goddesses of
Phobos is grade two that could be that
could be like prereq after hours yeah
sorry I was talking a little quiet I'm
here listen like it's great if you give
us the number but we want to know how to
find yeah I think it's importantly more
fun more fun that's the way Oh password
was an ice cream and something else oh I
have pistachio or Miami
they go
I haven't seen it rich I assume you also
have not seen 10 Cloverfield Lane no I
heard some all right things about it I
know the new Chloe field movie that was
called it's called 10 Cloverfield Lane
it's a movie that has nothing to do with
Cloverfield but they gave that title
afterwards just to apparently like he
was written at not as a Cloverfield
movie and then afterwards they just gave
it that title and JJ if it was produced
it what's it about it's it's it's very
misery someone gets into a car crash and
John Goodman takes the car crash victim
into his basement and tells her that the
world is ending outside of the house so
she needs to stay there to be safe and
then it's a little you know the mist hey
can I go out am i safer in here John
Goodman's a crazy man maybe it looks
interesting it actually looks like a fun
movie button
well those spoilers that's what it's it
oh they're saying maybe look in the
message basket oh yeah I got to do that
now well I know it was the next day okay
hold on hold on okay
would she be in criminal she was a
prostitute huh
call all the pimps in the city what
would that be vice spice yeah I screams
one of them yep or Miami
we'd get it okay she isn't here of
course is this Wilkins Murray alias
sweet cheeks
or is the chat calls it pixel tits yeah
there's my old address to to to West
peach yeah you know what she's a peach
she the real that's no accident I get it
the rest record solicitation bom bom
convicted none she turned her life
around
yep provided assistance to Litton pd
undercover operation leading to the
arrest of the murder suspect Jesse
Baines
no phone no phone number God darn it
gosh gosh darn gee willikers will occur
Willa khun's Willa khun's
right into what right what down pixel
tits you want me to write down pixel
tits
okay oh no write down her address we
might need to go to her house for our
date
you you're on it you're on a chat we
wrote down what was the what was 160
Westeros you don't know what's that that
address - - - West peach
what was it which West peach what's that
160 Westeros no recollection like so
tits is that 2 to 2 west peach
what's that 160 Westeros oh oh my
notebook broke oh did we have to do this
first and then call information no
that's just too dumb that's just too
dumb
to to to West Beach yeah okay we're good
there
letting me everything some living here
yeah
Oh Wilkins no it's Wilkins then with an
end I know yeah that oh they're saying
that's exactly what you have to do call
information again that's what they're
saying
also if traders eases each rich if rich
already has Space Marine get this GOG
Games Heroes of Might and Magic three
complete edition ok ok oh oh maybe you
have to call information and give the
address are there same name yep
maybe I spelled it wrong last time I may
have spelled it wrong that's entirely
possible five five five four one six and
hold on hold on
pixel tits how do you 41 69 69 we're not
gonna have trouble remembering that it's
the same number as my bacon ooh oh this
is oh hey girl hey girl you lookin fine
in that tank top or dress you got it you
got a voice for this I don't remember
what she was last time honestly she was
like I'm sure I always do like a
southern belle from Hannah oh my god you
want to go on a date hi Marie this is
Sonny Oh Sonny I see you got my my
massage yes yes I did they I did in fact
get that when you get off work meet me
at Ana's all right
that's that's a little bit public for
what I have in mind
I'll be waiting a little sweet little
pixel dick
just just one just one pixel that's all
the credit you giving me Hey look maybe
in the last game it was one pixel dude
things have gone up a bit I'm sporting
four pixels now baby you won't get to
bring that pixel dick over here I rented
dawn of war campaign co-op is just
something I'd like to try with you no
need to stream if better rich just does
not
play many co-op games I'm very sorry for
you felt insulted for me not reading all
of your tip but we've talked about rich
in the coop seven bears alright and I've
been the pixels extreme what's what's
this drama that's unfolding you won't
you really want to play don't worry yeah
I never do you you this is what we've
said got Hani's you guys really you
think I forgot that already exactly get
the key in the ignition nope nope good
honest it's not a square it's four
pixels in a row yes in a row come on
or possibly on angles depending on you
know what the fuck is that that's a sign
it's a something's off limits I don't
fucking know save the game something
we've learned about Sierra gains and
look around you're learning Jack I'm
back near the entrance of Annie's
restaurant which also looks entirely
different than it did in the last game
that's a new it's brand new everything's
new they rebuilt the whole world yep
there are the cars in the lot all street
legal I can't write one single ticket
what's the sign during their go look at
this outfit fuck it's a sign it's a big
flashy sign the restaurants called Arne
not that sign go closer don't look at
thing I don't see anything particularly
interesting it's a construction area it
might be some weird smells some sniff
the thing I'm not sure what you want me
to do and go quite frankly I agree with
the computer I'm not sure what you want
me to do I don't know there's a giant
flashing sign right there I just feel
like there's something there
and construction yeah sure someone's
always
up the pavement and leaving hazardous
holes
speaking of hazardous holes I gotta go
meet pixel tits there's great jack
that's better I was trying to come up
with something and it wasn't working but
you came in and saved the day here you
know what you did you said it the sign
set it up then I slammed it down
oh my fancy please fight a table sir oh
wait this guy loose find a table soon
and we'll be right with you
oh I feel fancy
look around where's Marie she here even
for Litton this is a very classy place
to die the wallpaper is white Velveteen
and the napkins I lit it shit oh look at
that that's a brunette but you know what
I like I like brunettes this is Annette
I bet she had like brownish reddish hair
in the picture she was four pixels rich
this is over again look at that little
bitch I said I'm so glad to meet you
please sit down so I'm going to assume
that's it's fine it's fine look at that
little dress she's wearing just for you
or Sonny oh I've been so worried I know
just Baynes looking for a revenge I know
he's that to get even
especially with you honey I'm scared son
promise just stop in and see me sometime
tomorrow I need to know that you're all
right stop inside me tomorrow and see
okay oh are you so considering and it's
okay what what analyzing the content
oh no I've miss I'm sorry I've missed
some tips I didn't hear the Oh My gods
a Qatar's Oh says Jack please lean over
to rich and tussle his hair don't tell
him I paid you to do it if you refuse to
do that please give a lengthy
explanation of your favorite way to
consume coffee okay coffee it is ideas I
won't be reaching over in tussling
riches hair and I'm very sorry that I
missed your tip and you felt like a need
to eat more to keep more my favorite way
to consume coffee is through my mouth oh
hey why do you like a coffee jack black
oh oh I have a pour over coffee system
that I use in the summer in the in or in
the winter in the in the summer I
actually prefer iced coffee so like your
heart like my heart it is black and cold
I before I'm over that I really like
traitor to z CH oh oh I already read
that about that's about I don't wanna
leaving La Mancha Jack prereq after
hours is the best idea to happen to
prereqs since you unblocked cursing from
the stream back in 2014 now I and you
can say things like cunt canoe just
imagine the possibilities
that's it that's the theme song effect
now I can say it canoe canoe it sounds
good but honestly just way too big and
opening anything you could sit in it's
just too big well but we're using it as
a canoe it's still too big I don't
really want to use that as a canoe and
somebody's just gonna drown if you try
that
and you sitting in a Khan canoe riding
down the river hoping it's not high tide
I thought that Paul rich is Pitt playing
with his a monopod Oh put a camera on
this and you hold it it's a mana buddy
mm-hmm my fidgeting you let me know
we're caught up Thanks
I think we're caught up now we're caught
up now okay I'm really sorry it guitars
over four missing for missing your tip I
am I do apologize I give it that rose I
but oh that's all right you got a flower
oh wait I have to wait until the waiters
taken my order because that is the
proper time to give him maybe a rose oh
there's something I have to ask you what
did you used to be a man because quite
frankly you don't sound much like a
woman I just I just have a deep voice it
must have been from from shoving so many
large things down my throat it's kind of
expanded I've used so many of your other
holes I really I really don't know what
you have between your legs quite frankly
it hasn't been that up that important up
until now ah Michael Cody says I drink
my coffee black too
I have to tip to that Oh are we swearing
thanks for unfuck you lating my evening
that was all right unfuck you waiting
congratulations on the unfuck ulation
you know I when I started drinking
coffee I made a conscious effort to
start drinking coffee because I was
feeling tired all the time so I actually
started drinking coffee with like a
chocolate milk mixture like if they
would foam up chocolate milk and put it
in coffee was mostly chocolate this was
way back when I was a teenager and then
eventually I got away from that and you
know less and less of that and just
regular cream and sugar in my coffee
like okay regular cream sugar then I
started reducing the sugar so just cream
and coffee just cream and coffee and
then eventually started reducing the
cream until it just black mmm and now I
can't I can't have any of that other
stuff in there hmm I do like a good
latte every once in a while and I want a
no matter how much cream or how much
sugar you put in coffee it still tastes
bitter to me yeah I can't stand it you
well that's why you have to have the
good coffee like that's and when I
started drinking my coffee just black
and you have shitty black coffee it's
shitty but you know that's why I do pour
over like I grind my beans fresh daily I
buy my beans roasted from the place that
they roast down the street so they're
fresh roasted beans grind daily pour
over smooth velvety coffee it's it's
honestly wonderful okay um non-coffee
drinkers are dirty commies I agree with
you Oh bother
okay um so I drink my kind of like to an
anonymous says okay anonymous says if
Trump wins Ohio and Florida on Tuesday
then on Wednesday could you please play
papers please what does it take to move
to Canada what does that take okay I
think it's actually tough because you
need to prove that you you can do a job
in Canada like you have to prove that
you can be employed yeah so basically
all of our LM would have to move to
Canada yeah how much coffee do I consume
daily I consume usually about two pots a
day not too much and really my pour-over
only makes about three and a half cups
of coffee so seven six seven cups of
coffee Dave and like cup cups not like
you know coffee mugs not too much
but you know it'll be fine everything is
fine
Oh Wendy says which would you prefer
what
oh we know what meatloaf is $5.00 prime
rib is $8 in the lobster 16 well we
can't get me alone well you know what
prime rib its immense that's a man
that's a man's meals primal it's got a
nice red meat yeah yeah prime we're
getting the prime rib
shut up Maria I don't care what you want
you're eating my leftovers we're getting
prime rib comes only from content it
steals you and there what will you have
she'll have the prime rib I thought I
was very clear about this you using me
for food aren't you thank you very much
sir your order will be all right there
sure also I should have just given her
the 50 bucks also speaking of I need to
see this young lady in the back I know
her best on a cop's salary
Murray equals gold digger yep is this
his the rose Oh Sonny Oh wonderful oh I
feel my cheeks getting rose again okay
no Stevie Sonny Oh flowers
they make my lady parts quiver but
they're but I still thought I was
getting off cheap
first and a rose and then a lobster Oh
are we gonna be looking at pixel dicks
tonight let's try something here no
wait what Mary oh my god it's the the
Marie you know it's throw me off get
engaged yeah
I'm just curious how this works that
smell that wrong - yeah from propose
okay I'm just curious just curious
doc - Oh precious I'm so happy to see I
know I've said that about about eight
times but the the drugs that I used to
take really it really did a number on my
own my own noggin brain the drugs and
the the constant blunt-force trauma from
so many blowjobs it's really messed up
your concussion
that's true I did I caught them you yep
thank you for updating everyone so oh I
like that new band name blunt force
blowjobs
oh they're saying maybe yeah you can try
to give her a little kiss when I'm not
down the case oh oh by the way oh you're
just the main leads man
how you like mm-hmm but Sonny how do you
like my new lipstick it's called pink
rapture I really like it it's my
favorite itself take off pants you can't
get that hey we're taking it slow with
Murray all right zip oh wait oh oh no
time for unzipping pants as quickly yeah
Daenerys Tara these shears right there
she is also ready nothing I'm saying
sausage Joe says Jack I found a power a
burr appears but he keeps teleporting
away any tips to catch him if you have
if you have a Jigglypuff jiggly jiggly a
puff has the ability I don't we clean up
really you just throw a ball you get a
bunch of pokéballs and you throw the
pokeballs and if you eventually you can
catch him you can try using something
like like if you have a your Pikachu you
have a shock wave and that'll paralyze
him and so he might be harder
not be able to teleport away really for
me though I just toss pokeballs
sometimes it'll take you a few tries but
just toss in pokeballs so what now we
just wait what else we did that we did
that you ate your food yeah I can't get
over what a knockout
Murray's asked Murray skip out on bill
oh no no no don't skip out of here a cop
that's why I can do it it's perfectly
legal if you're a cop I can do anything
I want
skip out in Bill's red red lights shoot
black people there's there is a movie
that will stop Pokemon from teleporting
away and that's if you have a Wigglytuff
they have an innate ability to stop
pokemon from running away from battles
or from leaving battles but then you
need to find a Jigglypuff and use the
moonstone I'm Jigglypuff to turn it into
a Wigglytuff then you can also use sing
to put Abra to sleep and they'll be much
easier to catch really you know if a
Pokemon is is has any sort of status
ailment there they're easier to catch so
really I just try to hit him with
paralyze or or just toss toss new
pokeballs also save they're saying save
I've played a lot of Pokemon I've caught
me a lot of APRA's average was my go-to
psychic until I got fucking Mew and Mews
great what
the chat says you should type and talk
about Pokemon
abra does look I I mean I the Meuse got
the stats man you've got the stats ask
her about her Jigglypuff's rich
listening to Jack talk about Pokemon is
like Jack listening to rich talk about
XCOM strategies it's fine it's all fine
you enjoy what you enjoy is fine this
thing of this thing asks for check ask
for bill or maybe or maybe kiss again oh
okay although the meal was nice and I
had great fun with Murray I have to get
back to the task at hand that's right
having great fun with Murray I pay the
waiter for my meal and leave him a
generous tip and see Murray to her house
you've done it anything's good
everything's fine but good but golden
that's right a horrible growing rich
listening to Janek talking about Pokemon
is like Jay listening to Mike talk about
Star Trek yeah absolutely
yeah and that's fine that's fine we all
have we all have our things mike has
Star Trek riches XCOM I have Pokemon Jay
has any horror movie and ever made you
get Jay started talking about literally
any horror movie and that's it he's done
so this is probably a good stopping
point where at the start of a new day in
game oh okay well first of all the
conclusion here sausage toast says that
he used butter Frese sleep powder on
Abra ever fell asleep nab them you got
them yeah yeah yeah you know a new day
that sounds like a great place to end
off let's let's find ourselves some
subscribers I think this was this was a
top quality stream here rich we got put
we got jibber we got pokemons
we got spider-man's and we got it we got
a police quest voice
you can't ask for anything more it's
hard for me to tell sometimes I don't
understand my people like the things
they laugh quality super koalas all very
strange to me
time for sunny day I forgot to save but
I saved like literally 10 seconds before
that spot anyway so we're fine everybody
fine fine Oh gesundheit Mario Mario 42
21 months in a row who he almost
remembered 21 fucking months in a row
that's enough we might want to rethink
that because sooner or later that's
gonna be everyone hey everyone oh my god
everyone oh you mean all the people who
have subscribed to us for so long oh
darn has to say one extra word that's
true that's true but I can make it old
to here well but you know what then
we'll have to think of the next level
and a memory 8:01 subscribed for 16
months in a row while e h2o 18 months in
a row okay I'm totally from for a
moderate amount of payoffs like for 17
months or oh and it's terrible that's
terrible it makes me want to press B to
dick punch 13 months in a row C quick
setup and get right into it Mongol or
welcome Biffle Potamus 20 fucking months
in a row
Lord Belmont 12 months in a row Walt -
beard 17 months in a row Hellcat Shh
striker
little little Power Rangers tell my god
mmm 19 months in a row strike her 11:21
reckless 17 months in a row turn noble
kinsmen gutter stars John pick on jean
peck on scantron the Amato
14 months in a row nitro pearl oh that
sounds like a Pokemon bad guy solo 56 7
K Cartwright 13 months in a row also
happy birthday the Rising Sun it Qatar's
Oh 12 months in a row filmmaker freak
welcome DB helix 2600 welcome Sanford
people just welcome welcome welcome
there's someone's bottom we're getting
oh there goes every single through the
drew JN jujin where I think any cut off
we saying drew jnr drew Jim because you
can't resize that window drew JN is what
I would say Wow drew Jan alright well
Jay yeah you wanna drew yeah yeah yeah a
little bit Optimus at the end of us drew
yeah yeah autobots roll out drew JN and
Hills daddy 54 welcome Hills daddy
thank you all for subscribing we really
appreciate it
drew we really do we're gonna do it's
sincere as we sound when we read all of
these names
we care we really do we care so much
thank you to all the new subscribers
thank you to all the old subscribers and
thanks for everyone else who just came
out for more police quest - next week we
delve into more of the socket
