Episode 533
Bonds, Sonny Bonds (Police Quest 2 Part 12)
May 18, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yyPWNKninls
___________________________________________

and that you're talking about a movie
called the twist and I was very really
like the twist
what the hell I've never heard of that
movie I've never been too fond of the
plot hole no that's all right take your
time think think of it think of a movie
I laughter I have to bring up the the
face sheet anyway I'm just gonna start
the fucking game well wait one more
question that's very important yeah have
you been have you seen any daredevil yet
literally just like the the first 10
minutes of season 2 before or something
come up I had to go so I started I
started today okay
I'm not done yet I'm only like nine
episodes in which means I'm close to the
end
mm-hm so you know the one thing I will
say about daredevil I am enjoying it is
the internet I tried to stay away from
all the spoilers but the internet was a
tizzy about like do you remember in
season 1 they had the one-shot fight
scene right the hallway fights was a
great fight scene fucking amazing fight
scene right and they're like if you
thought that was crazy there's this
other thing in season 2 that's gonna top
it and either I haven't gotten there yet
or it did not even come close to topping
it because I've been waiting for it like
where's this awesome fight scene and the
fight scenes have been alright but
nothing is near that hallway fight scene
you know I think I'm just gonna spend
the whole second season mourning for the
makeshift costumer you know he's in full
costume now yeah full new costume I like
it
wait what is that I hear us I was
probably the probably my web browser has
the yep has there we go that has the
stream open that's a wait I was weird
yeah okay
that's what it was
VAR er I'm not gonna tell rich basically
you're unimpressed oh my god they they
overhyped a way overhyped
that would that fight sequence was not
nearly as cool as the hallway
exactly exactly our Miller I'm with you
entirely that way if that's supposed to
be the breathtaking fight scene dude
rich the rich have no expectations about
an amazing fight since it's just
something in the chat most stairwell
there's the state apparently that's it
okay there we go have no expectations
over hazel we've not played salt and
sanctuary yet that'll be our next game
once we're done with with the police
quest the makeshift costume added a dose
of believability doit of realism to it
and it looks cool that the new costume
just throws out the window the new new
costume is passable they they throw out
half the grit though the yes yes they do
I don't like that yeah I like the grit
give me back that grit that whole first
season like fight scenes included was
all grit yeah and you know but you know
you can't you can't stay there forever
I sure you can't stay there don't stops
working you go out was working on four
stops working
yeah I think I think that my little
buddies little bit too plain let's have
some dark storylines whatever what dies
don't need that you don't need to
violently change tone because it's
getting old I'm okay with it I I would
prefer the old costume because I think
it looks way better I actually can't
give you didi spoilers chat because I've
only seen the first 10 minutes yeah of
season two I could spoil the first ten
minutes oh my god we're daredevil
doesn't punch anybody that might be true
I forget he hits a bunch of people off
camera there's a physical armed
robbery's running down the street I do
what what I'm really enjoying overall
Marvel Universe wise and this is no
spoilers I swear to you two snow
spoilers as everyone knows the Punisher
is in season two
and so like the big question looming
over season two and this was hinted at
in the previews is you know like what
makes one vigilante right and one
vigilante wrong you know the Punisher is
the bad guy cuz he kills but but
Daredevils going out then kicking
people's asses how where do we draw the
line and it's like setting up the
matically setting up Captain America
Civil War is really nice getting you in
that and that mindset I think it's neat
yeah it's neat what they can do as a
universe one just Punisher show up how
how soon I want to say first episode
okay but I don't ride own trial I'm 9 in
and I've been binging so it's like I
don't remember early he shows up early
this can't be a spoiler because I
haven't seen Elektra everyone knows
she's in it okay um you want to know
when she shows up
sure just something just tell me when
she shows up just kind of curiosity not
early not early right
like is the whole like thematically is
it all just the Punisher because like
kingpin was the running thing right is
there who's the big bad guy oh yeah I
spoil err alright that's fine that's
fine that we can't tell you but I love
that actor who plays The Punisher okay
yeah he had a small role in the first
couple seasons of Walking Dead a small
role he had a good were good role in the
first couple seasons of Walking Dead
he's a good Punisher I I enjoy him he
can only play a very serious menacing
dude and he fucking plays the shit out
of it alright so alright he can't be
anybody can't be better than Dolph
Lundgren hahahaha let's be honest no
one's as good as Dolph Lundgren at
anything he's no Dolph Lundgren's
notifier but if you had to just peck at
the Dolph Lundgren memorial it would be
him yeah I always a little chip little
chip the Dolph Lundgren memorial
I already MIT grad do you know that
Dolph Lundgren yes he's a he's a
linguist
wait is that Dolph Lundgren or Lauren's
only he's an engineer is the part of
Dolph Lundgren as a linguist is
hysterical I think that's Loretto
absolutely hysterical that might be I
might be thinking of Lorenzo Lamas Dolph
Lundgren is a chemical engineer Dolph
speaks like five languages is what
they're saying that's great jack is
always running no what if one of those
I'm one of those old 80s 90s action
stars is like a professor of something I
want to say it doesn't matter okay
what's so funny about Dolph Lundgren as
a linguist is that a joke it's talking
about masters of the universe recently
yeah
with Mike and Jake and a great movie
with don't wonderin I don't think he
knew how to speak English when he got
cast for that no seriously they wanted
to dub his lines the other reason I
didn't get dubbed over in masters
University cuz they like ran out of
money so they just kept his audio that's
great that's great he's the bad guy from
Rocky
yes for for Rocky for he's the Russian
Dolph Lundgren beefcake i we have two
subscribers already beefcake beefcake is
still working on our Twitter and if we
if we miss subscribers we're really
sorry
beefcake give me the the subscribers
give give to me I must break you
okay oh yeah bounce
Sonny bounds all that way I'm gonna wait
for a beefcake to give me the thing and
then we all please quest crash yay
perfect
Weston hormon 21 fucking months in a row
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate that also as a toast thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it
and if we forget any more beefcake just
give us a shout out I have my face
wotcher up make sure this was actually
showing on the screen important rich
very important whoa is he swimming fast
yep whoa stream of 20 minutes and we
literally have not even touched the game
we talked about daredevil we talked
about Dolph long we did the important
stuff we talked about agree with that we
did the all the important stuff and
further for the record I have not seen
Batman vs Superman yet or Superman
versus Batman I guess the Superman vs
Batman I guess it doesn't matter but how
do they who gets top billing
I've always I've been saying Batman vs
suits so why but it's the Man of Steel
sequel kind of oh so is it Superman vs
Batman what's that creepy right major
Tom servo glad you're liking that is
that is Bane's be ains that was fucking
easy that's easy Major Tom servo glad
you're like a nuclear throne that's a
fun game that's a fun little twin stick
shooter oh that's right oh shit
okay get up and shoot him
now wait she's not dead even though
there's no blood and we'll we'll find
out sure you can do this draw gun
should I say freeze which I should shoot
the gun I mean he has a machine gun I
would shoot no questions asks what
marksman with marksmanship my bullet has
found its target the hijacker falls to
the floor and his dying breath he says
I'm taking you all with me he says in a
fading voice the timing device on the
bow you know what the timing device
andhe bomb has been activated I put my
gun back in my holster and survey the
onslaught people on the plane look
relieved except for the dead one no no
I'm everyone would be fuckin relieved
she's fine it's fine she's fine a HAP's
78 thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
the Stewart is still Bentley shaken up
things meet the very very makes me very
much for saving your life and then heads
into the gut bed okay we need to find a
bomb now oh I bought Boise Boise sunny
your holy cat hole I mean I mean crap
you're such a hero but uh you know I
hate to I hate to burst in on you like
this and there's just one more thing
rich one more thing sunny sunny one more
thing we better find that bomb you know
or else we're all gonna blow up but
that's what I'm guessing okay Milken I'm
milking my Keith I'll go I'll go I'll
check the cockpit area you search yeah
I'm just gonna leave frame again once
again I'm gonna leave frame that's what
I'm gonna do you're gonna be smoking to
get at you prime I'm probably gonna be
smoking ice what is what is the proper
police procedure should is the police
been obligated to yell freeze first I
just shot him he's just walking out the
door I'm just curious what what the
letter of law says about that did Sonny
bonds just commit manslaughter but I'm
saying I wouldn't find it justified but
would the law
we need to hear from an actual policeman
I think I think as long as they're
according to the policeman's hands
booked in or you know the the police
quest handbook right well I think that I
think this game is part written by an
actual former police officer so there
was one of the selling points okay
the use of firearms in course of duty
the discharge of a firearm at any person
will be done only in life-threatening
situations okay a police officer may use
a firearm only in self-defense when
assaulted with a deadly weapon a police
officer may use a firearm when in fear
of his life or the life of another okay
so he has a machine gun yes he's already
made a death threat it's probably take
that machine gun and and so I think
there was reasonable fear for the your
safety and the safety of those around
you all right yeah all right I did a
good thing I think you did a good thing
I know someone a friend a friend of the
family actually teaches at the police
academy yeah and next time I see him I
will ask yeah yeah like do you have to
yell freeze or if you just see a guy
with a mask and a machine gun like you
shot somebody else who was holding
somebody hostage yeah it was only
somebody hostage yeah then then his
partner in crime walks through the door
their guns up in the air yeah he wasn't
he wasn't walk he didn't walk out with a
gun pointed at you in fact that he kept
walking backwards he didn't yes in that
situation what's the deal do you try to
take him you know well you know what you
probably might have wanted to take him
alive to get more information out of him
right yep probably but of course now we
have time to think about it that was
adrenaline surging through our veins we
got to find that bomb oh you better save
I'm good
did you we're going to okay great
there's a cockpit door an exit door in
front and the door in the back leading
to a bathroom probably in the bathroom
they came from the back hmm I think we
can safely assume bathroom bombing
I oh right
like like like a poop is it is that what
you thought
that's like a poop that's just where
your brain automatically one poop jokes
all the time 100% all the time
the best hijack that wears a ski mask
why is this texture style a little bit
different then and obviously is
elsewhere in the game it's like up in
the corner the font looks smaller to me
listen me I think it's just the fancy
played a special the plane is special
right now yeah mass hijacker was a ski
mask a loose green jacket with many
buckets and blue jeans he has an Uzi
machine gun in his grip get Susie yeah
wait wait
don't open the kit I'm doing crime scene
investigation should you know I should
probably I should probably find that
bomb that's exactly what you should do
which high Jagga the mass of the
unmasked the mast okay
murder in the front bomber in the back
search missed pockets sure I find a pair
of wire Clippers in the jagged pocket of
the mast hai jacket bit a bit a bit no
yeah it's fine up there that is I was
waiting for that
that's right kick him for good measure
that's what I would do you dickhead I
find nothing in the jacket buckets of
the unmatched high jacket okay what else
does it say about me turbans a
9-millimeter I mean you should take both
of their guns in case they're not dead
wants me to be specific uh-huh
I checked the unmess hijackers packets
and find what appears to be some sort of
name on an ID card I look at the name
and the obviously phony ID card how the
hell did he get through them
airport security it's a joke it's the
80s I think joke I'm at a bad dude
really that's what you're going with
them man a bad dude that's what you're
going with it for his actual name
that's his phony ID no that's his phony
name is a there's a man who would
realize murder innocent civilians and
you're making it you're calling a man a
bad dude yep we're gonna we're gonna
pretend that this is all child's play is
that what we're doing game that's
exactly what we're doing that's exactly
what we're doing less than Kate thank
you for subscribing for 16 monta no I am
I am offended what I am I am I am Sonny
bonds and somehow I am offended I mean
how the fun is they pull that off it was
the 80s man they didn't care I'm the
most racist cop that's ever want to beep
and I've offended by our metal battery I
bet a bad dude it's a they seem to be
making light of the situation that's
true
ah this game is designed for children
hence the murder prostitution and boring
political dialogue looking through the
pants of the best hijacker I find
nothing literally he has no dick making
fun of making fun of the hijacker not
the situation I think that's appropriate
okay you need to find a bomb now yeah
time pauses I think when text is on the
screen I think we're okay okay doot doot
doot doot doot doot looking around
looking around it looks like I'm looking
around actually I just can't walk
diagonally actually oh I can't I just I
haven't been using the number pad okay
looking around the room I see a sink
toilet trashcan and a paper towel
dispenser trash can yeah yeah the trash
can I see left trash move trash
Oh we learned that lesson right from the
other trash can get Trish get trash you
search trash okay
well so we have an earlier paper towel
dispenser look at paper towel dispenser
all right now we have a thing open
looking rather Oh open dispenser open it
oh my god it's a bomb it appears to be
made by Acme bomb is full why is it a
timing device so shit oh god we have a
minute we have to just choose a wire
because our manual there's gotta be a
solution a bomb disposal manual bomb
disposal manual what's in the manual
oh here for use of getting rid of
firearms on an airplane shooting range
computer blue white yellow and purple
wire attached to the bomb look add
purple wire purple wires connected look
look at timer right blue wire is
connected oh look at the timer they're
all connected that doesn't help
uh-huh blue what the white okay okay
okay cut all the just cut all the wires
I've I've played keep talking and nobody
explodes with this man uh-huh
I know better than to listen to him
never listen to me you're gonna try to
use your brain and I think that's that's
problem number one that wasn't using
your brain no no I was gonna try and do
I could try to shove it down the toilet
I was actually gonna trying to shove the
bomb down the toilet because I couldn't
find a clue
sure I'm what wire to cut first I
thought maybe that's a red herring oh
the wire sniffers were I thought maybe
the wire snippers were a red herring
that's that's interesting
interesting
I want to shoot at the red guys right
this time it's lupus I saw a lot of
comments speaking of the the super hot
discussion yeah a lot of people were
complaining about how much time we spent
on the story what else to talk about
exactly also like the story is complete
bullshit and you have to play through
the story mode in order to play the
endless mode
it's a required it's so much bitching
going on in the comments that videos let
people bitch just is there seemed like
it yeah seem like there's a lot of
bitching on our videos so much potential
of what you do but you didn't I don't
know what we didn't do it he doesn't
like me mad about something it seems
like you guys just have like a
conversation about games it's not like
objective at all wait they're saying
search the other guy's pants did you get
the wires nippers yeah I shouldn't read
that because they're reading
walkthroughs yep you shouldn't I
shouldn't you're right oh oh his ID did
you get his ID oh I don't know if you
need it
thought I did
oh they're telling if they're trying to
give us hints on how to get get extra
points do you want to get extra points
sure they're saying you can unmask the
guy and take a picture
now or maybe not
you guys should order your playlist from
newest to oldest first on your channel
page I do agree with that for what the
first video like let the main video just
like Sims cuz a random video when you go
to them well when you go to are you when
do you go to our YouTube page our first
video I think is like Sonic it seems
we're just some kind of random one when
I do it it's different for like some
people who are sub that unsub right
for what oh wait for one for the YouTube
channel no no it should be the same big
video like a it's Sonic or order a
teenager I thought undertale was
probably one of the random undertale was
real it was up there for me last time I
went I'll double check that well and I
have our our previously recorded live
playlist going from oldest to newest so
you could so because a lot of people
just like to watch them one right after
the other and then you can watch them in
order that should probably be the other
way around though for that you mother
review on the newest games first I think
you think yeah oh no for I'm saying for
the twitch stream cut-ups
for the twitch stream cut-ups oldest to
newest that's how I have it probably
right there
I don't but I agree for previously
recorded that should be newest oldest
because then you get the most modern
game I'll look into it
my good man I don't think I could take
off the ski mask I think you're wrong
okay okay great let's go let's save and
undo a bomb oh I did search and then
removed it you you stupid game
what I think that's the music the
confusion my kid was check that another
plane and I don't have it so that all
that nonsense won't be grabbing the kid
I think they just wanted you to get that
today they probably just wanted me to
get this message hi there's one more
thing they want you to do what they want
you to search the turbine okay I can't
help but I'm reading the chat now chat
try not to spoil it for us we want to
figure stuff out ourselves but to be
fair we already went through this okay
there's the unmasked hijack is turbine
and find a piece of paper entitled
building your own bomb and I just feel
so it feels so unrewarding I was up my
list of things to do was that or would
you have had might have forgotten to do
it in our gibbering exactly that all
right no more spoilers chat I think we
should stop reading did I get I'm a bad
guy oh wait what are you saying what I
say it said it would not be a good idea
to exit the plane at 25,000 feet I'm not
trying to walk over there you were
okay I may add a bad dude you keep
trying to exit the point no the game
thinks I'm trying to I'm not trying to
too much new key you can give
suggestions as long as you are not look
going through through but here's the
problem we don't know who's looking
through the wreath or not so I'm going
to be a little more careful about
reading the chant okay oh wait do you
have your bum did you look at the bomb
thing oh I'll read it now I'm gonna read
it when I was there but fine
read bomb thing what's it called listen
what's the name they want wrong
instructions okay Qaddafi they're not
that clever connect yellow wire for
timer connect white for battery backup
and disconnect yellow wire connector
wire and blue wire for main battery set
timer connect yellow wire bomb is now
armed do not move or touch wires morning
only connect same color wires connecting
wires and have the other one results in
immediate detonations you don't have to
do this in Reverse so if we snip the
snip the yellow wire like should we do
this in Reverse this is how you make the
bomb snip the yellow wire snip the blue
and the purple then since the white I
might be 9,000 percent wrong sure I'm
gonna try say yep save or out of or
officially out of places to put saves
okay so yellow blue purple white is the
order you want to do it in by the way
all right so cut trashcan man I'm
looking into it I was right about being
a backwards by the way oh yeah yeah nice
oh wait you're blue purple is what's
next
Connect purple wire and blue wire yeah
say blue and purple yeah I mean if
you're if you're gonna just yeah fall
backwards you have ten seconds left
I'll write that down route and deliver
now wait
white to connect yellow huhu connect
yellow did you already snip yellow yeah
there's only one wire left connect that
I'm doing only all of these backwards oh
I get it
I didn't get it before cut white and
then cut yellow jack oh god I'm a
fucking cliche bitch cliche one second
left
that's great rich yeah that's great
if this remain like in the modern era
I've got an achievement for that shit
by the way that's really true a
meaningless achievement that is really
true
mini metro
oh why don't you just work through need
overhead oh no I announced everyone that
I have successfully disarmed the bomb
with one second left because I was very
proud of that fact you can smell the
collective feces filling everyone's pets
and horde shares in office words of
praise all right
hmm oh yeah Oh sunny yeah you did you
did such a good job I I want to let you
know I might have thought that I could
do it better but I could not have yeah
we are we are how do I do that captain
cool yeah we are right listen Southern
Southern Castle their town everything
cool you know what everything goes
southern just do it we're now land and
please sit down and buckle your
seatbelts keith is a useless bastard
absolutely we are now on the ground
Varya our 77 said you had some mad leet
bomb disposal experts and you deserve a
can of soda each thank you thank you
Varya are Jack what oh god Sonny I don't
I'm getting nothing oh hey sky Marc
walks with me my my son wouldn't the
heaven's name y'all get into hair I mean
just shot some tourists no big deal
with my heart pounding and my voice
breaking I explained in detail the
events surrounded the attempted
hijacking my heart always pounds when
I've murdered somebody
it really gets my blood flowing hmm it's
hard to stop myself sometimes let's go
the suspects whole family just because
you know I was in the zone
most people are embarrassed by their
erections but when I talk about murder I
lean back a little
this zeenat rope that I give the sky
mash of the paper wire Clippers telling
him how I designed the bomb zenit rope
20 fucking months in a row thank you for
subscribing well it looks like you did a
job well done to me feller y'all go
right ahead on your business with finish
cleaning up this
miss partner has mighty kind of you that
is I mean that you hate that I leave the
airplane because that's really that's
the proper way to phrase it in proper
English you and Keith and we'll need
airport by Officer javis Pitman he
provides us with transportation to the
police station oh my god were a
helicopter that's awesome Wow yeah let
me show you what this baby can do
the whole sandwich your mats you'll mass
anomer at you'll mass thank you for
subscribing and a Theodore J Hooker
nineteen months in a row thank you for
subscribing oh wow that was that was a
crazy amount of fun I didn't know how
much I would ba though sorry about all
my boffin I should not have been so
drunk before we got in the war of the
Boyd you have seared Steelton PDR very
similar to those back home and lit
that's that's very good doctor lady
doctor lady oh oh you must be mr. bounds
and mr. Robinson or whatever the
lieutenant's waiting for you I heard I
heard what y'all do with them tourists
hmm that's what I assumed that's what I
assumed everyone does it Marie is that
you that's what I assume everyone does
in the wake of Sonny bombs you sound
just like my future wife oh that's so
funny as she approached I mean secretary
as well hey actually yes she was
that's amazing I'm gonna go into this
office now what 20 bucks
what yeah go in the office I didn't hear
nothing as you should be nothin wild
Willie what kind of voice should wild
Willie have you were gonna do somebody
is papyrus right oh yeah that's wild
Willie Astaire papyrus Oh shakes your
hand and says detective bones and
Robinson will come to steal turn well
you do that Jason one fun upstanding
citizen continue what you've got you
dudes are chasing one fine upstanding
citizen it seems this Park
Baines has really started his handiwork
here to the booty you know that you know
that phone tap subject down Kobe without
waiting for a reply oh sorry it's hard
to tell where he starts talking in the
text starts it's fine it's fine
holy shit I hate to tell you boys but I
have to putting out a topic over phone I
sent an unmarked unit over to check on
him and you were not believing my man
found him deader than a doornail with
the 32 cowboy hole in his head
mercy we did manage to connect on one
threatening call from Baines I don't
think it will help but the call was
traced to a payphone at our local Bert
Martin I said a man over there look
around he says but nothing was found
that's what the man says he says you
know I'm saying I'm saying whoa
you guys'll probably want to go over
there
around but I think you'll be spinning
your wheels
I think officer Pittman is waiting for
you in the hall he could drive you over
to the park if y'all need it
come on boys No Limit a new Keith this
is it Mears everything in Steelton like
some kind of crazy Texas parody yeah
boom boom boom boom boom it's like all
of the stereotypes are here even more
stereotyping I just shot a man named I'm
at a bad guy dude I'm a bad dude man I'm
a bad dude he was wearing he was wearing
a turban and these people are talking
like like Mad Men I don't you know I
want to go rob some cattle so many types
of things somebody just said that office
where's my pickup truck
who took my pickup truck Keith and I
because that is proper English I driven
to dirt park not Burt Ward Burt Ward
some terrible district by Java's Pittman
a 20-year veteran who looks 10 years
younger than his real age plastic
surgery Jiri Gav's me with stories of
his escapades as he young but Ruhlman by
the time I reached the pack I'm
beginning to wish he retired last year
it's kind of a prick Sharon of officer
Pittman climbs out of the patrol car and
heads into the park with me talking all
the way Jarvis this is javis I know you
do a Jarvis you know as opposed to parks
interest the Victoria fire six with the
burglary in progress at 10th and violent
request respond immediately wrongful
will boys I got to go but I doubt you'll
find anything so I doubt you'll find
anything but go ahead and
around the park won't you my crumpets
tea right here right here is the
telephone booth Baines used to make that
call I didn't know smashing for you to
dial up the numbers and long 20 I think
I'll call us when when you need to be
picked up or if you need any kind of
assistance oh I I do wish you the best
of luck but again most likely fail I
have to go now okay
I have to do I have to do a British
noise well why are your why are your
hands like a dinosaur are you what are
you a Tyrannosaurus Butler I think all
British people have weak wrists that's
how I picture them in in my mind I
picture them with very weak wrists
mostly from all of the tea they have to
hold so they pick up the tea and it just
it moves their wrists right down yes
Keith looks around oh this is this is
Keith now yeah not bad not Jarvis Jarvis
has gone Elvis is gone his locker do you
know I'll tell you this I've been I've
been listening to an audio book lately
and it's by a British man and he
narrates his own audio book and I just
love the accent Dirk gently's holistic
detective agents yeah the the audio book
is read by the author
by Douglas Adams and it is quite a
lovely audio book mostly because he
talks like this and it's very soothing
ah yes huh I know you know they're doing
the the TV show soon they're turning it
into a decently Dirk Gently huh that and
a max landis is helping right through
that and or produce it or something he's
involved somehow and so I was like oh I
should read this book and I couldn't
read it because it's written so verbose
that it breaks my head like I tried I
tried reading a couple chapters and I
had to reread the couple chapters and it
was just too much for me but the
audiobook is love you ever read any of
the Hitchhiker's no no no started as a
it started as a radio show oh yeah yeah
so you might be interested in tracking
those down okay that would be great yeah
just-just smarmy fast-talking british
folk i love it
okay um uh oh i think we should split up
sunny here's what's gonna happen you go
do all the detective work you need to do
and i'm gonna try to find me some taxes
hookers yeah that's fine it's not it's
not it was a crazy man trying to murder
your fan no you just you just go crazy
I'm good I'm gonna go look for hookers
in the park
someone's trying to murder my whore do
you have any idea how much stress that
puts on a men chick with a rich thank
you for subscribing weed super
appreciate you not even walking towards
the part you're walking all the way from
the put you're going why you're heading
to that twig the coffee shop I don't
think he could find any clues in this
old auto shop
let me get my bell maybe it doesn't work
the same in Texas it's fucking useless
fucky-fucky gives lists who has to shoot
all the terrorists I he was sitting down
he was sitting in the chair while I shot
the terrorist I can't believe it
that's right abuse Kirk Elijah woods
gonna play a new character now character
not in Dirk Gently bed pack is not
unlike many other city packs around the
country yeah the trees lon other
greenery said foursome forth a peaceful
mood look at greenery greenery that's
what the game called it does that I'm
gonna okay and other greenery look at
trees look at the trees yeah there you
go
look at Laden
it makes me think of gravity and Isaac
Newton mm-hmm I appreciate science yeah
yeah you know it's because of science
that we have the atom bomb
that's what puts us on top of the rest
of the world that's true that's true
why don't we check out that hole that
either the fountain or the phone right I
mean look at the phone yes it's a public
telephone wait rich what give your kid
did it land with you I know I know I was
all set to take fingerprints on that
phone god damn it I realized that when
we walked in the park like oh yeah okay
obviously if there's fingerprints to be
taken we missed it it's think we missed
it it's possible I'm gonna say it's too
late at this point I'm gonna say we
don't leave Steelton I think the games
gonna end here you think
yeah but not with our lady well I think
she's here woman I think you got
kidnapped and dragged along mmm he's my
guest that's my guests I don't know I
don't know things all right look at the
public telephone and lo and behold the
number matches the one given to me by
the tenon okay great search search phone
didn't find anything interesting look at
booth yes
search booth okay yeah check out that
fountain
it's a combination birdbath and wishing
well nothing special about it no look in
water drink water I think that's gonna
help Osamu glar oh my god they're ducks
jack look at the Ducks look at the cute
ducks oh my god there's other places
turd smuggler for divorces hey guys I
had my headphones on and when rich
laughed my wife from across the room
thought a bird was cackling outside keep
up the good work.we
we are working on fixing the hiss from
the compressor until we do that rich is
going compressor lists there's gonna be
the ups and downs but I think we figured
out what's going on with the compressor
someone said I need to get uh nor I need
to get balanced XLR cables to deal with
the electro snows in the room oh my god
that sounds fancy
it sounds very fancy so I'm purchasing I
have purchased they're being delivered
to me balanced XLR cables whatever that
means you notice a man approaching you
shoot him ask questions later I noticed
that a man is approaching home
threatening me
the man says give me all your money dude
I'll rip you apart with my bare hands
what kind of voice is that for a punk
that's what he says I'm narrating huh
are we going all your money all your
money
raise a gun draw a gun shooting shooting
shooting oh don't fight now don't you
really I think you're acting fast I'd
whip out my badge and identify myself
evidently the Muslim the mugger doesn't
like cops
chef Shawn filmmaker freaks I didn't
know balanced XLR cables were a thing
you just go to the store and buy XLR
cable so you know these might be bounced
for all I know how do you know if
they're balanced or not they're just
talkin cups are cables I don't know
nothin about nothin' the pond really
adds to the scenery that's all it
doesn't this game oh oh what was that I
was gonna dog cat thing so really you
can't do anything with this pond that's
what they just told you
well I know I'm saying like are we
believing them that's all the pond does
in this game
dip face in pond inter fund penetrate
get duck get duck
letting a barbecue why your girlfriend's
kid that come on me where's my sense of
proportion I'm hungry
can't blame the man for wanting to kill
and cook and consume his own need
look around and see a willow tree
flowers chain-link fence like a tree and
I'm trust this tree oh look at that tree
it's a hippie tree get a haircut a
haircut you lousy willow tree a
sanctuary for our feathered friend this
is gonna be a body in the tree climb
tree and then find anything interesting
climb right climb tree you're not an
Indian scout study bonds you're a
homicide detective remember
I'm sorry I'm trying to detect the park
and if I could get a height advantage I
think the game she's getting lazy at
this point just throw get my budget
areas letting to do with them is nothing
just walk around it's fine it is it's
it's it's a nice location change you
know we've been in in dumb old city for
so long oh seven reasonably new picnic
tables
okay we're having a ma zouri says I did
a brief stint at a music school and I
can testify that balanced / shielded
cables makes a world of difference 90%
of the time they're on their way they're
on their way maybe by Sunday we'll get
them and also telegin says can the next
character be Bernie Sanders also sunny
will you be voting for Bernie Sanders I
don't know if I can do it Bernie Sanders
I don't I can I know I can trick old
Jewish man really just do you just do um
Curb Your Enthusiasm camera okay you
just do Larry David right I'm not the
impression guy right I'll think about it
I'll see if I can hear him in my head if
I can get if I can do a bernie
impression i well as for sunny bonds
sunny bonds has only voted for one
president and continues to vote for
Ronald Reagan yes yes even in this
election
sunny bonds is voting for Ronald Reagan
he writes in Ronald Reagan every year
one of these days it's gonna work
mr. creepy thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it and thank you
beefcake for reminding us of subscribers
while your Twitter is down
the Bernie trick is to use tons of
Statistics is the 1% of the 1% of 22.5%
I don't know I don't know why why
everybody is you know what it's almost
like a little Nixon but older and Jewish
er yeah hello you got a you got a it's a
1% and the banks the banks are gonna get
you robbed Vader 12 says rich got the
first three preacher books today and I
already finished the first one loving it
so far nice even with the ending being
spoiled first one isn't even the best
one first ones kind of Jewish she was
sure huh I don't know how to get Jewish
ur Jewish yeah you jumping hey I see
yeah yeah the only thing I can do it
that was the love was a nice delay I
didn't it took me away it took a while
for that to sink in a richer most
horrible thing I've ever said Richard
Edlund Evans that was shameful it was
that was I'm not ashamed of much I'm
ashamed on you sure yeah yeah that's Wow
you know why I'm in too much of a Sonny
buns mu I've been doing this voice and
the character is taken over big
possessed by Sonny ponds oh I I agree
with it yet it's got to have something
to do with that dog by the way covers
probably a clue there's a manhole cover
yeah oh is that it
oh yeah maybe that's it I'm still trying
to figure out Bernie in my head cuz like
for me and I'll look at another see
evidence have a recent you so no oh well
we're gonna end this one the sewers
sewer fight
yeah rich Richard Edlund Evans that's
his name no I know it's not I know it's
not I I like I like thinking that's your
middle name I know it's not but it's
funnier that way
oh I don't know you you probably talked
to Jay today has he seen the witch yet
no he's not seen the witch as far as I
know right he does this a lot this is
all I know about Bernie Sanders he does
this a lot
well he talks well he talks he does this
a lot and we talk about the banks and we
talk about the 1% we talk about the 1%
of the 1% and we're gonna take this
country back that's good I like that
yeah but I still feel really bad yeah
like really bad yeah I mean that was
that was a it was a tasteless joke and
it was completely and it wasn't funny
enough to justify you know like that was
tasteless just for being tasteless but
hey you got it we have to move on we're
in the storm I know how we're working on
Bernie Sanders deal it's like it's like
New York you gotta get you got to get a
little New York and then you gotta get a
little older and a little jewy ER and
then and then you can you just talk
about the banks and then you got to get
the arm movements in and cuz he's kind
of squints when he talks and that's what
we do and that's what we're gonna do
we're gonna did you see what happened in
Arizona voter fraud the Clintons of the
world you're good at impressions I do I
try I never I was never any good at it I
can't do it yeah I'm terrible I I admire
that
you just got listen you just gotta hear
in your head and then figure it out he
bernie sanders sounds a lot like Larry
David which is why Larry David does such
an amazing impression Jew worrier yeah
he does one of those okay in the city of
stilton's underground sewer got