Episode 539
Getting Salty (Salt and Sanctuary part 3)
May 25, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yFKrPX-v_TQ
___________________________________________

from from feta medicine yeah he'll like
this is here in the road for you friend
and the rivers every right the obvious
here is the daughter the castle oh well
shit up when deer for treasure what I
ignore you okay you wear bleeding hole
what who buys some Star Wars toys I bet
it's mike it's totally Mike it totally
Mike and only Mike the only adult toy
buying I ever got to do was the 25th
anniversary GI Joe toys I bought a lot
of those but I love GI Joe you didn't
buy the 25th anniversary of crossfire no
I did not buy the 25th anniversary of
crossfire you didn't get caught up in
the no i did not get into krabi i did
not get swept up in crossfire height
you all get caught up in huh I've got
like a bunch of different snake eyes
they come out with one let's what
looking better than the last one they
came out with come up with a new one oh
this one looks a lot better than the
last one they came out with that's great
I'm very happy that you're so excited
about snake eyes one of my favorite
fictional characters bizarrely
I'm sure some of that installed you but
no I really like snake eyes yeah I think
that's great snake eyes uses Thord yeah
but usually uses guns I just like the
character not even about the cord comic
book snake eyes man his weapon of choice
is the Uzi hahaha z 9 millimeter right
like she's okay with thorns in general
he's just didn't watch carefully on you
next time in fact normally when we play
a game I want to be the guy was a big
hammer and he wants to be the guy with
the 40 hey guys is a comp US military
combat veteran who also happens to have
some kind of Eastern ninja style
training it's the merger of both things
that make Snake Eyes special it's not
that he's a ninja it's the the commando
Park aspect is I think very important in
making snake eyes interesting
real fast I thought I could roll past
she snake eyes became a prominent
character because Larry Hammel the
writer was fun I don't think it had
anything do with big cheap to produce
I'm sure I'm sure were the early figure
she was because it was just all black
but I think Larry ham I just really like
the character even when they weren't
making Snake Eyes figures he was a big
part of the quality of the GI Joe comic
books would go up and down hadn't come
whether or not hasbro wanted him to
shield for some really stupid characters
only I like Larry Hammel when they did
tumor the GI Joe party moving I know
barely where apparently the real power
behind Cobra was an ancient race of like
mutant then and they were led by a guy
with like a giant snake body ok Larry
ham a straight up like refuges like they
wanted Cobra Commander's origin to be
that he was like ancient snake man who
had an experiment they gave him like a
face full of like eyes and that's why he
wears the mask larry Hama actually
killed off cobra commander and the comic
books rather than do that nice that's
what if i then previously little girls
like i said that
Hey look I'm doing sound design Wow are
you enjoying it again uh yeah yeah so
far so far I'm get a little tired of it
I mostly just because you know we've
been shooting over today a little tired
in general time is it is still early go
to the bathroom like pretty badly total
min so you know that's probably gonna
happen sooner rather than later did I
mail in for the fridge exclusive
character I should have genève Jen you
have no idea what I'm talking about do
you remember William the refrigerator
Perry from the Bears yeah yes very fat
man they made him a GI Joe it was a Mel
away exclusive get out it down no no
they did they did
that's really funny
he was part of the Super Bowl shuffle
yeah you know the Super Bowl shuffle
it's what all the kids are doing
yep I don't think about it all right
unless a nice bathroom break heavy have
a nice dump how good I'm gonna dump p or
whatever it is I don't give a shit I
literally don't give a shit you are I
get it or p whatever how's everyone
doing what's going on what's going up
male in and make your own jej oh god
what do they call that one it was kind
of a sham because that that Jojo just
was wearing a helmet and the only thing
that was personalized I believe is the
file card I didn't even I don't even
know if they had different skin colors
so like if you're you're you're you know
like like an african-american kid and
you ordered a wave the specialized
personalized GI Joe figure he'd probably
still had the wide skin which really
would have been a letdown it's going to
say the iron Grenadier Grenadier but
that was that is Destro's little side
organization
it's in a blue suit with a gold helmet
did he have exposed skin anywhere is the
question
my excited for the new predator movie by
shane black oh I'll tell you what I
actually hear and see things about it
the steam tips aren't coming through
because we're we're streaming from the
PlayStation 4 which kind of fucks with
everything this game is only currently
available on the PlayStation 4 we are
reading them all and chunks though so if
you are donating don't worry we'll will
read them actually we'll probably read
someone Jack comes back and do it but
the way the laptops hooked up it's all
the way over there and I'd be away from
the mic and you wouldn't hear me
I never liked Jojo there were too many
for me uh yeah but you didn't have to
play with them all you could just ignore
most of them in the comics actually lura
hey larry Hama actually killed off a
whole bunch of jobs because they're just
too fucking many of them he had one
storyline where I think he killed off
like 13 characters it was great
rich doesn't care about Star Wars Evans
whereas a star wars shirt as videos
constantly I've worn that shirt I think
it's been in like what three videos two
of them were because we filmed it on the
same day it's we bought it we bought
that shirt for work and it just made its
way into my rotation of shirts and it's
not like I hate Star Wars I'm not going
to like take it out of my rotation of
shirts out of some kind of bizarre spite
i mean i love i love the original movies
snake is my favorite character what was
the best vehicle sounds fond of just the
normal Jeep just because that fucking
toy was was sturdy as all hell I that
that thing lasted so long and it never
broke it was a high quality vehicle the
judge of vehicles I was commenting on
how fucking durable just did the normal
ass Jeep was yeah yeah
it was like one of the earliest things
that came out with a toy line and I I
owned it I you know right up until I
stopped playing with toys and it had
never never right I could have one crack
in one crack nice we've missed some tips
ya know I figured we'd get it when you
came back as you're right by those your
mic and the Tartan says his rich a the
Batman vs Superman have the bag was one
of the funniest episodes ever I did a
huge spit-take when Mike pulled out the
shotgun and said so here's how it's
gonna go down fucking great like that
I'm I can't wait to watch it what bad
trend were oh we we talked about that
already rich Batman killing nearly every
single criminal he comes into contact
with in Batman V Superman seem to make
sense with this version of Batman in the
midst of his psychological breakdowns
another Dark Knight Returns I want to
comment about Batman murdering okay jack
yes what is your favorite live-action
batman dark knight probably the dark man
but like lay actor portrayal not moving
Christian Bale 00 actors yeah trying it
Oh Batman like I still want to say i
want to say original batman keaton
keaton most people would say keaton
right I fan the fans like Keaton I think
it's a general rule I think it depending
on Angel a lot of people like bail he
murdered constantly did he yes oh it's
been so long since I've seen him okay uh
Keaton's Batman right when he remember
when he blows up the ACE chemical
factory yeah it's full of joke retention
at the end she's flat-out targeting the
Joker with the machine guns on the
batplane ok he fires missiles at
different flow that's filled with the
Joker's henchmen uh-huh he flat-out
throws a couple guys down the bell tower
at the very end and then he murders the
Joker mmm has a blatant he blatantly
murders the Joker when he shoots the
grappling hook to the the gargoyle and
so he could fall to his death Batman
Returns
he murders a clown by burning them to
death with the exhaust from the
Batmobile so he burned somebody to death
and then he shoves a time bomb down a
different clown's pants Keaton's Batman
murdered as casually and as often as you
know what I have a bigger problem with
the fact that you used a gun dude
hahahahahahaha yeah I mean it just seems
it seems so like casual well so generic
I want I get you know a gun killed his
parents and that's a fine thing yeah but
if you if you have a bad man who kills
Anna Batman who's willing to use guns
really you should use them all the time
he should operate like The Punisher does
at that point agreed it doesn't make any
sense from Nevada developing something
like a Batarang when you could just have
like a couple of whose ease all right so
any more tips uh probably oh ok we will
get to who s as a beer who will play
space cop and detective Ted Cooper in
the sexy gritty action reboot who would
you want to see play space cop a
detective Cooper in the zack snyder sexy
gritty realistic me and my co i'll take
that money for that project i spent 100
loads always on crap right yeah there's
some me okay okay great rich Evans it is
I like that this evidence to work in a
sexy gritty reboot I can see that Keaton
was a good Bruce Wayne but not Batman in
my opinion says student anyone I will
agree but I want to point out the heat
was greatly limited with that costume
where he couldn't move his fucking home
and even with the limited costume I felt
like his Batman did some stuff and I've
always felt stiff to me I hated that
costume it looks terrible looking at it
in hindsight it looks like it's made out
of cheap rubber you know what here's the
real thing is I really need to rewatch
rewatch that you this amazing how crap
that suit looks
i guess that i just can't go that way
the story okay oh yeah let's see here
what is the worst movement in filmmaking
history and why is it dogma 65 the worst
movement in cinema history was when they
discovered the tripod early CGI and then
they've gotten better with it and not
using it wrong you're more likely to see
CGI movie with story elements yeah but
when they first discovered CGI's I got
fuck it we can do anything who cares
about story just let the monster run
around
early CGI like Jurassic Park you know
they made a lot of movies after Jurassic
Park that you CGI and Jurassic Park here
I'll tell you why Jurassic Park is a
good early CGI movie because Spielberg
was still filming it like with practical
effects in mind and it also had a lot of
practical effects yeah most of the
effects actually are practical most of
them there's only like a few shots that
are CGI since today is Easter says
anonymous what is your favorite video
game easter egg I never really thought
about it there you go what's yours oh so
you know there's just so many there's
just so many strings I was always amused
by peoples I mean I was never one of
them people who hunted through san
andreas to find Bigfoot because they
thought Bigfoot was in san andreas GTA
san andreas you'd have you have hold
videos on youtube people just wandering
around for hours trying to find the
Bigfoot that's great
nowadays they just data mind the game
wow if you look in the code here you can
you can tell the day there's no assets
for a Bigfoot care that's no fun that's
no fun fucking dicks now that is what it
dicks there's something over here I
think this is something we can talk
about still being in the spoiler free
territory Batman V Superman um Batman
branding cuz we saw that the trailer
it's mightor enough I don't mind talking
about it but I do yeah we can save it to
that's fine then I go ahead huh it is
very my onion your writers it is
borderline it's borderline but i think
it was in the trailer I'm not sure I'm
not sure either yeah fucking obliterated
um ok so in the movie I I want to say
this is spoiler free mmm if you if you
want to know nothing about Batman vs
Superman then then stop listening hmm
but I'm gonna stay away from major story
spoilers this isn't gonna be like a I am
your father live right but in the movie
Batman brands the criminals that he
captures with like a red hot bat brain
and so he scars them with a little
batman logo to tell all the people like
I'm the Batman and I defeated this
feeling and they just wonder what we
think about it it's fine as if a man who
has no problem with killing yeah
branding what's that it's it's a little
like my instinct says it's like it's
sick is what it is well this is heavy
this is heavy metal batman exactly
except that was gonna be my exactly yeah
but this this Batman has no problem with
being six I see that the people in here
like the shopkeepers I'm a bat came in
with me and the shopkeepers want to
fight it okay I look at that blood
splatter
um jig and leg 35 says jiggly I don't
believe it was all criminals it was only
like really really bad criminals so he
he murders the not so bad ones and he
brands the horrible ones what a jerk you
do the backwards man kind of his huge
dick head they even say in the movie
that it was a death sentence in prison
to have a Batman Brandon why I want to
know why why would they care like oh man
you gotta hit by the Batman to all man
that sucks didn't it that you know that
didn't make any sense you're right where
it's just like yeah I got beat by like
the guy who's like super strong and
beats everybody until it took a super
most toughest man to bring me down
goddammit that's what you say honestly
that be like like a brand of honor I
mean I think it's weird it's again it's
it just boils down to its the Batman
like we've talked about like every
character in the movie kind of being
unlikable yeah and it's you know
Batman's unlike born he's appropriately
unlikable Batman's a broody jerk uh-huh
that's like that's like this is Batman
other than the having possibly some
issues with murder which I don't that
much was like I said Keaton's Batman
murder all the time yeah I have an issue
with the method the guns but otherwise
fine Batman very fine Batman if I did a
great job yeah i agree with that i think
a flock did a great job i really wish
there was a better story I ish well they
bothered to write a story for Superman
at all that's what I wish or and you
know I wish they bothered to write in
motivation for Lex Luthor yeah that
would be nice that would be really nice
and and why the fuck do ms de cuz that
was awful we're gonna need a guy monster
reason I'm being anal about spoilers
chance only if its opening weekend yeah
I'm assuming some people might want to
see it who haven't seen it yet yeah and
they might give us someone might give a
shit well I don't want to be at blatant
asshole we're trying to be respectful
and we have already warned that we are
doing the super spoiler scream on
Wednesday anyway seven know what we're
gonna talk about it where did nothing
out tonight
all right all right
so weightless Luther isn't jealous of
Superman's power there's no hint that
that's what his issues is but here if
you're making that assumption is because
you read the comic books there's no hint
of that in the film correct there's not
one mention of that in a film this is
not an implication there's not a clue
nope quince Omni X says it's horribly
disrespectful to let people waste their
time and money on this pseudo film what
this is just sadly this is just one of
those movies you have to see this is
because it's Batman and Superman you
don't really have to see it but they
people will anyway mm-hmm heard that why
is it two of you rush out to this turbo
living when you haven't seen Deadpool I
really need to see daredevil I the
Deadpool but I don't wanna sit alone
Karen's other Thomas errands always out
of town I need to get her come up here
fucking permanently yeah that's a
different thing all right I don't want
to go see it alone I didn't end up
seeing up with Mike and Jay when they
saw for the review yeah but I want to
see I really want to see it and you know
for me it's some friends were going and
that's why I want to go and I said sure
yeah I saw it because of the real I was
it was business exactly and you know if
friendswood said hey you want to go see
Deadpool I would have fun time to do
that what a dick
I mean I mean you're already too late if
you want to hurt the movie financially
it's already made its money I'm sure
they're happy with the 400 million
dollar opening worldwide weekend oh yeah
it's not going to top Deadpool but I'm
sure they're still happy with it I don't
know I don't know if it will change
their universe plans in any way I don't
but they're there they're not crying
about the bank the movies made know
already yeah the movie has made its
money back already good job movie you
you did it I forgot afraid i forget what
buttons i was and i have not seen
Zootopia the reason I haven't seen it is
because that movies got the stench of
furry just all over it going to see that
really would just make me feel dirty
yeah figure would I might be watching
the movie and I think you know
somebody's at home jerking off thinking
about this and that would just kill them
for me someone if somebody's jerking off
of that rabbit that's bummer i moping
around right now yeah that's happening
yeah and that's the thing i don't care
of it you don't want a part of anyone
being on my part but no thank you you
want George yourself off I'm thinking
about a cartoon rabbit my way all right
each their own as long as it doesn't
bother me as long as you like you know
break into my house to do it so as long
as you don't break into my house while
wearing a giant rabbit costume yeah you
do you man yeah food full-body rabbit
costume but you're still wearing like
like like a bra and panties over that or
something
criminy criminy all mini
well I have these bags of salt pouch of
Saul 20 you do pouch of salt
people are jacking off to Batman vs
Superman right now know that that movie
is way too depressing to wank too if you
could wank to that I think that would be
an accomplishment over anything else
help me find serial killers do you know
spumoni what's the movie with the guy
was a giant rabbit as an imaginary
friend Harvey Harvey Harvey good ol Ari
that's skill
tu tu tu tutitu tu tu du du du du du du
du du wow it is skill tree like that man
fucked up thanks super last stuff you
know no I'm staying in it's like it's
like well I'd this all this stuff get
here what ya know
Darren's
so do it goes more strength or do I go
more dexterity ah that bad bad let the
bed bear okay cool strength I don't know
fun specialized Jack specialized
specialized yeah specialized it is rich
and jacked you know about Star Wars road
one what no what does that I've heard of
that what does that start worse no idea
no idea if we're gonna have a flood of
people who don't get them kidding I can
only assume because I'm waiting I'm
looking at the chat i'm waiting for the
whole scroll of explanations the one
sort of Star Wars movies to give 11 to
have the guy who didn't play it oh my
god also the early set pictures of the
show that it's going to use this to
Rogen airplane and they're good i have a
glazier oscillator the answers I just
don't care hey go oh I'll see a trailer
maybe it'll look good I don't why bother
me i am familiar with the quest for
glory serious it's another Sarah
adventure game uh-huh I don't know if
we'll ever play it because there is a
lot of potential grinding in home even
if you're not fighting monster there's
grinding the level different stats so I
don't know that it would make for the
best stream as much as I actually do
like the games especially the second one
which I think my favorite of the Sierra
adventure games I think the fourth
what's actually important click that I
white yeah
well there you go but probably not just
because of the grinding planning about
grinding during this game look for one
ya know our adventure games of all but
us doing funny voices and being a few
funny boys here and there I wanna
grinding to get to the next section
three years more funny voices I just
want to get to the power they use the
funny voices and I don't have enough
sneak power you sneak through this cave
oh my god we got sneak around just of
town until another five hours before we
can do that
I don't think I've been grinding in this
game Alvin Fox's rich Evans like
something yes something I like lined up
with something you want so only now do
you realize that there are things i like
it finally happened oh good I kind of a
believer Richards is like the likeness
like oh okay ah fuck you know soon
anyone you were not the only one that
found the lease quest to ending
extremely disappointed right sweets that
we thought we had a few more streams in
us yeah it just ended uh areas gonna
shoot at you Oh
what
okay thanks creepy skeleton now that I
saw that I hate everything it said I'm
very discriminating in my tastes uh-huh
so you hate everything ooh I hate
everything yes like everything I've
heard you say that before they do you
hate everything spacequest too soon ah
maybe sure why not you know you look at
sunny buns with your face quest though
oh that's true that's true sunny bonds I
like that space quest that was a fun
that was a fun romp that's space quest I
dug it
I beg it almost as much as that big this
mace why and how did you become a cynic
rich because I'm not gullible yeah but I
like was there was there a pretty was
there was there something in particular
and then I'm just naturally stuff with
her yeah yeah way they ran away just do
roger wilco with bonds voice all that
would not fit at all Roger that's the
gender from space plus its main
character oh oh he's a doofus not a
fascist not a mostly racist fetch right
I'm cynical because I'm I'm smart smart
people realize how horrible the world is
there's a reason geniuses are very
unhappy people
right now calling myself and I didn't
want to say anything but no no that's
really exactly what you just did I'm
saying is people smarter than me very
are really really miserable there we go
now we're talking
Jack smash skeleton do to do squat out
of that you did it do hello
do-do-do-do-do-do-do did you get that
city do well settle the fuck down I did
it everything's fine everything's fine
you gotta look out for these traps
though this is this game is a lot trap
more trap heavy seas rope mmm my feet
don't trip on that rope okay someone on
the chat is saying other than characters
on this game just look at
the character design is incredibly ugly
the main character design the thing you
are looking at for most of the game is
the ugliest thing I've ever come across
I hate these do the big eyes and the
nose thing I hate it look at him look at
him as a fucking I'll go look at
everybody look at it look at that guy
yeah fucking ugh oh yeah the world's
fine the monsters are all right they
look like you like abe's oddysee and
then he looked just like those guys more
or less only with clothing is big alien
thing this is big alien thing I got a
rounder face maybe it looks cuter hey
you know maybe that's it it just doesn't
fit ok yeah I don't like it run away
from me wolf that's natural rich is
still in this way for quite
sometimes when we be reviewing doom for
it comes up not entirely sure we'll
review it and doesn't wanna play it
though oh yeah well priced remit little
excited I might be good may be fun good
be on them anything anything's possible
right enjoy I enjoy your older school
first-person shooters your older school
didn't play like an old school shooter
came in that bag can't be that bad and
also for those of you asking about
stardew valley we just film the
discussion about it today yep it's true
so depending on Mike & J scheduled
either later this week or early next
week depending on not want to drink that
I as fan of the older harvest moon games
take that as you will and I've never I
haven't played much of any of these
kinds of games hey you like doom brisa
don't bash for rich stop bashing you
soon for another game I just said I'm
telling for a little bit yeah stop would
you stop bashing it I said one negative
thing by the III of your like I didn't
like some of the character design and I
don't but that alone doesn't mean I
think it's gonna be a terrible game but
would you stop backing it because really
it shows your buyers your marvel bias is
showing I hate everyone I would
wish you would I wish you would just
give it a chance I hate did he trip the
crap he can jump it jump superdome what
with the delay i'm assuming they said
that before what I talked about do
before I don't know said what oh that
I'm kind of looking forward to it Oh
there's space brain if so what did I
think about it you talking about the
warhammer what is pretty k right game
that space marine yeah it's been years
since I've played it at this point uh
everything is all right I'm everything
it was kind of lame that the ending was
just a quick time battle boss fight
that's right yep they go
heard it here first folks all right
Japan congratulations for getting here
to your first live stream with us
welcome hope it's not too boring and
awful yeah we're gonna do entertain the
fuck out of you is what rich is meaning
to say she's gonna be so fucking
entertained you won't even know a guy
I'm gonna I two minutes I have too many
salt souls right now selfie souls I
gotta go back and I'll up just mr.
glitch says there was a germ of a good
game console I'll shoot I'm gonna it
scrolled up I'm gonna fry paraphrase
okay trying to get out of doom 3
something about eventually they made
quake 4 right I'd agree i think quake 4
is the game that doom 3 should have been
okay well there you go
how come the things I like don't come
what you mean I hate everything nothing
things I like don't count um because uh
oh I know why why I know why someone was
explaining this to me on Twitter yeah
someone I made a really mean-spirited
tweet about Batman vs Superman and I guy
was getting a lot of lash it from yeah
people like Batman Superman and someone
someone said paraphrasing the majority
of people really liked Batman vs
Superman and so I replied with a
statistic widely available then it has a
currently a 30-percent rating on rotten
tomatoes yeah just like 30 but maybe not
a lot of people like it may be some
people like it and they got back to me
and they said that's the critic rating
who are snobs and don't read comic books
and so the things you like you like
because you're a snob rich and so it
doesn't count it's not that it's not
every man yeah cuz you're gonna hear
your stuff you don't be comic books
you're not a comic book fan but this is
what I'm sayin rich I think you're a
snob and you only like snobby thing I
heard something interesting about the
general audience rating yeah it was at a
hundred and twenty like audience rating
votes before the movie came out and at
like 80-something percent now it's at
like a hundred and sixty audience
ratings and it's down to 70 whatever
percent so many man-hours been inflated
and wrong in the first place could be
could be I know like I've been seeing a
lot of talk about the exit polls and it
got a B or something like that they
asked audience members exactly what they
think about it right when the movie gets
out yeah and it got a B but and I'm
still looking into exactly what this
means apparently every single movie gets
an A
oh yeah or an A+ that people just saw
they paid to see it's a coming weekend
every single movie gets an a so the fact
that it got a B is like a huge indicator
and how much people like our apathetic
or dislike it huh yeah I didn't quite
understand what that meant if anyone has
a an article that explains that a little
more in depth that would be great but
fourth
two points of strength
the word thorn thorn thorn thorn thorn I
like thorn definitely doesn't deserve a
29 maybe like a 60 or something I would
say it's better of Man of Steel but it
it's better than awful it's still kind
of bad yeah what percentage of score is
a decent Batman worth because that's all
you're really getting out of it that's
all I'm really getting knotted there's a
Superman they really don't have any
great idea what they're doing with that
character uh-huh it's impossible to like
or root for that character or sympathize
or anything really then they keep
shoving a creepy god thing down your
throat Oh God incessantly with like with
the god thing settle down get it but
yeah you got to keep mine the way Rotten
Tomatoes calculates that percentage it's
not what they thought of the movie it's
the percentage of credit critics who
would put that movie over sixty percent
so you could have you know all of the
critics rate that movie as like as is 15
and the rottens made a scar would be
zero percent that yep because every
reviewer had an under that sixty percent
oh okay with it yeah I get it I believe
that's how it works I couldn't be wrong
that's entirely the earlier that the
whole whole Christianity angle makes
more sense to the airline for I thought
about it event yeah this Superman as God
makes a lot more sense is cuz you know
you save a few people that pray but no
you casually kill thousands you're
listening some of you ever known onion
you pray don't they'll come down I'll
take a cat out of a tree and then he
flies to the building that's full of
people hey
we care about humanity all that much
we're sinners in supermans eyes we're
not really worthy of Big say but
sometimes he'll do it anyway oh sure
yeah sure if he's not doing anything
else if he's got nothing else better
than its G that Jesus allegory I thought
about it makes perfect sense what is
this oh I notice something else that
just made me gag what they released the
movie three days before easter fuck off
I don't I don't know I don't know what
that I mean I don't know if that was
intentional
we have a couple tips that we've missed
but snir must roll of says have you have
any of you played the 2005 Punisher pc
game made by Voltron don't have not
motion made by volition it had a really
fun battle mechanic I have not have none
ha where I maybe we'll look into that as
a well look into that and play that
during our seas daredevil season through
discussion I'm nodding as if we're on
cam reaches down with that idea that's
great oh thank you orange stray cat then
I don't want to take out I don't want to
take out there because I'd like minded
my lady my lovely lady lumps my lovely
lady loves okay let's see here if you
could insert a single rubber duck into
any moment in history can't be like a
giant
overnight cuz I haven't totally put like
a rubber giant rubber duck on the
Titanic people somebody gives peoples of
the latch on you well that'd be very
nice yeah no I think it's just an over
like a product in having your bathroom
how would you put it you can it can
instantly appear anywhere in history
here's here's what I would just
instantly appear it would instantly
appear you could you get you can choose
an exact moment I'm for insistent
instantly people where I think on on l
ron Hubbard's deathbed would really fuck
with people just a rubber duck appeared
like on his forehead like the second he
died I'm going off to sanity this means
something maybe he was right I was I was
gonna I was gonna use all this
Scientology bullshit make a big scale
out of it but maybe he was right that's
pretty good okay first I would have
fixed some fast drying glue to the
bottom of it uh-huh and then I would
make it appear on Hitler's head right
before one of his films speeches okay so
he is giving an impassioned speech and
he has a rubber duck attached to his
head but then they wouldn't use that
footage Oh could I also make it
disappear no did he give any public
speeches like promise yeah plenty like
something where his cameras weren't
recording it
that's what I'd go for something like
something he didn't have control over
where he was giving a speech it was it
was filmed fuck you game fucking Tramp
fucking what is this the rubber duck on
the moon right as Armstrong took his
first step that would really fuck with
you manatee yes yes one small step for
man what uh you simply have a problem
he's uh I'm just really not sure what's
going on here you see duck with Nick
found on the moon there's very little
epic wouldn't him feel through a giant
space bull my brother would we could
traveler the moon dust and winning note
was there and everything what squeak all
the air out of the wooden resold to be
flat oh maybe you should I get a hit 311
Wow fuck you
that's very satisfying murdering people
like that in such a way any instant
Voltron Jack the GoBot urban vermin is
asking if we have any interest in
Voltron like Voltron them I think
they're making a new one or something
and that I'd not particularly no wait no
hate either just it no no feeling
whatsoever yeah I think I've been a
pretty strong proponent of the Power
Rangers but I mostly like them because
because of the man in the cardboard suit
cheapest i loved what i love that the
copepod you guys know what go bot is go
bot there's a thing that the
transformers are ripping off the gobots
came off first I want to say that's true
button I'm usually wrong major
differences the gobots football match
box car sized cetera yeah and did they
find out a matchbox car sighs thing yeah
that's awesome
you go see you well I'll fuck I forgot
about the fucking ramp fucking fuck