Episode 540
Getting Salty (Salt and Sanctuary part 4)
May 26, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Yc665Vpapo
___________________________________________

fucking fuck transformers came first in
Japan oh who gives a fuck rich rich and
check out for family fun time is this
game still as boring as it was an hour
ago I'm rather enjoying this dick well
Jack enjoy his game people I'm enjoying
it I I could see how it might be boring
to you something uh look the only things
you like our FTL and FTL uh-huh uh-huh
so what's the problem so why aren't we
playing FDL something actually that I've
just noticed that I think is very very
strange is there's no soundtrack there's
no music to this game and I find that to
be very strange
it
there's no soundtrack to this game
desperately needs a soundtrack mmm death
burglar XCOM to know people complained
about XCOM 2 whatever some playing over
the ex-cop to as far as games that we
played that Allah it's true right in a
row and I don't know but you know what
that was that's what we were playing
rich really liked it that's what we were
playing and I like that that's what we
were playing cuz we were also you know
doing this for the show but you know you
get you get I could stream dead rising
but really after my perfect no death
from there's nowhere to go but down
that's true really true just wondering
if I can parry that goes but
so this game is basically Dark Souls
combined with Metroidvania absolutely
absolutely that's exactly what it is and
beyond the incredibly and ridiculously
ugly art style it's it's I mean it's all
dark soul isn't cousin dark souls
already Metroidvania no this is dark
souls a Metroidvania style game I
believe no metroid vania has to be too
deep I i would assume so okay as the
original Metroid and Castlevania games
are 2d side-scrollers I don't I mean I
don't know if it happen if they have to
be I've never been
ah dog I guess you know what rich is
trying to make a clarification on what
is metro station I just weird to call it
the Dark Souls / Metroidvania inspired
when it's dark souls is already let
their thing because then it's just dark
souls inspired as semantics little
semantics but I think that's an
important it's an important to mention i
I'm gonna say though that in order to be
a Metroidvania game huh you need to be a
2d side scroller I will disagree I think
I'll disagree that it's whatever its
semantics because the the real idea of
the Metroidvania games is exploration ya
like like blood-borne and opening up new
paths with new equipment right that's a
big Metroid well let's measure it they
may be not a castlevania castlevania is
about just leveling up mmm like
blood-borne no I like the semantics I
like this I'm trying to give you an
answer in the final hack i saw i knew i
knew i remembered
dark souls needs guacamelee whoo-hoo
said that I said that I like incredible
no oh you horrible eyes sometimes have
trouble reading like colorful like like
great fun big big fat man eight seven
threes what that looks like to my eyes
but I could easily be wrong like green
and white you know what rich I was ready
to give me okay yeah no no and like
taking credit for other people show us
wrong just guess when you're basically
to do Dark Souls no no I mean you know
dark souls I think the dark so the souls
born blood games have this very specific
dodge roll counter mechanic all right
there fighting right some and that is
something that metro video games don't
have dodge roll and kemper that ugly-ass
counter an invasion look at how ugly is
faces rich look at how ugly his ahead
you Pippin face look at you you did that
you did that thing that thing is you
it's ready ready I'm gonna get you what
I want to know is I know if you had
picked the lizard person yeah would all
the other people you run into what they
be able to people wonder too yeah that's
a fair question right how am I going
what am i doing
have any new subs or new web donations
possibly not Superman Jack another x-ray
vision I have x-ray vision in the desire
to crush a human skull oh that's right
actually we have a bunch more I just
forgot to keep reading what did you hate
until you actually tried it James
spinach
interesting yeah love spinach there's
good news it's great you something
heroes were weird your had one yeah
heroes you also pronounce it eros that's
prep for way from 10 you're right 0 how
do you say you know yeah you know it
sounds like you're saying a different
than I'm saying how do you think I'm
saying it euro euro euro euro euro like
no it's not it's not it's not a European
currency I know it's supposed to be gyro
no that's not how it's supposed to be
they come from the same root word Alton
Brown did whole thing on it yeah yeah
because it comes from meat that spins I
know I've at the evil place i ate at ya
the foreign people behind the counter
printed me instead it was ye bro gyro
when I tried to order a gyro he's not a
gyro oh well they told me though was
hero
Jack I'm wrong guy row oh I like guy
room it's guy rose cuz it spins on the
steak that's right that's right that's
that's according to Alton Brown it's
supposed to be called a jet like you
know guy okay but uh no they wanted to
call something different for some reason
I don't know why I'm gonna remember this
trap descent these are trap
I love pushing things with my main
switch much good mommies I think XCOM
the classic XCOM is a game I would have
poo pooed before I actually played it
turn Bay that sounds boring and I played
it all right that's interesting I guess
I didn't play that for years until the
controversy about the reboot I think
that's really interesting like I
remember seeing the ads for what on the
cover I think that adds in like the
sci-fi channel forex com okay it didn't
look interesting hey that and master of
variety i think the advertised bolt sure
this counter system is fucking awesome
for when you deal with those types of
enemies gotta love rich and Jack setting
themselves up for our internet ridicule
keep it wrong guys but also keep it
classy says Pizza train 11 that's what
we're doing we're here for we're here to
keep everything classy I don't know what
you're talking about cuz I'm saying here
oh right how can we fix this how can we
find out the truth a great man told the
college a year old so I'm gonna call
hero
huh
I mean you know that's that's that I
think that's fair the foreign man told
me to felt like this on the entrusted
for managers it's a funky Dino's fanatic
rich what did you name your farm I'm
starting back ah what do you think I
named my phone Oh what would you add
that's a good question that's a good
question Chet what do you think I'd name
my farm in stardew valley what do you
mean earth ah because i was recording
gameplay footage I just named a prereq
farms okay i named my farm harvest moon
harvest moon farm that is a durable rich
because i was playing star to valley it
wasn't redundant that's great
traitor that's great I really like that
that's adorable and again they happy I
got to get thornridge yeah I thought
like I said a mega spatula I'm mega
special I got big at the Ford that I
can't use and I don't know why I can't
use it but doesn't matter because i got
my fucking you guys mace trap I see that
trap I'm prepared for that trap fuckin
hell game get it together oh ok
listening
so yeah I'm prereq farms and I don't
neither rich in our I in time for we we
were hoping to get at least a full year
before the review but both of us are in
late winter yeah so it enough I know I'm
about 30 hours into it how far our view
our wise but like clothes for 35 okay
somewhere in five
you
Oh
still figuring this game out does the
farm game have an ending no I don't
believe it does just one of those go to
go to you good go to you good man you do
you
kind of want to update my pan but it's
just grossly grossly underpowered now
compared to my mace Thank You makes one
fuck yeah can i upgrade it again fuck
yeah I can ah so ah fuck yeah sergeant
baby it has a special event in year
three that's effectively the end yeah
but I don't think you have to stop
playing though I don't let it yeah I
just don't know I just don't know and
yeah i saw the shrine thing I got with
her I got where they were going with
that I know you're talking about try
thing I saw it I know I'm hip I'm hip in
him down and I speak the lingo I speak
the lingo of the kids rich mmm which
doesn't like farming in game but he
likes harvesting what you mean grinding
cuz no I don't like grinding slowing
down an action game but when I'm playing
a farming game yes I literally like
farming which isn't the same thing as
like what are you talking about it's
quite possible rich that they were being
funny okay because if not that would be
incredibly silly
I'm go I'm going to assume fuck fuck
fuck fuck fuck I'm never surprised
though I mean I've heard some fucked up
shit in my time uh-huh I mean I want to
assume that I've done being funny yeah
only because I want to believe in the
best of people lucky dick dick dick dick
dick dick one not now rich oh no golem
oh yeah for anyone who didn't see the
the new half in the bag is out half in
the bag manis manis of Steel is out you
should go watch it a little bit i saw
seem very fun i'm excited to watch more
that's not bad yeah that's what you can
ever be doing a stagger and or like if
you dodge if you uh huh what uh what do
you call that riposte replay if you
repost correctly you can do that and
just murder them and the family mud of
them end a family don't know what hit
them all that yeah I'll have fun stuff
the lamentations of the women and okay
another light green name at a white
background was it the master of two
thousand what does that say Jack rich
the bastard went down toward the entire
film the stuff is gold yeah he really
record me we snug window we snuck in a
little tiny reporter on my jacket pocket
with a little Mike coming up laughs bike
I don't know tell Larry we don't want a
non-stop laughter I mean obviously be
able to use the stuff right shuffle
right most of the movie is quite dour to
the point where they're big no point
releasing the full footage of it's not
like it's not like the movie has a lap
tried a few times
hit any recording device illegal I don't
know about illegal I don't think you can
throw you in jail for that I'm probably
be willing to three out of it Peter um
it's it's illegal I wonder if an audio
recording device is illegal in a theater
how would I be illegal I stagnant it's
really just illegal to try to sell a
bootleg copy and that's totally not what
we're doing with it so yeah yeah I think
you're in the clear that trap this game
makes me like splattering like all the
blood fan
fucked up right there this gesture is
having fun I'm glad I am I enjoyed
myself this is neat mito game I'm dying
a lot but you know that's what happens
I'm getting a little fatigued we also
getting a little late and so you know
right now I can make it too much further
and I just wish I could change what
every person looks like try can you send
multiple saints I wonder
and game
jack is jacked on Easter candy I have
not eaten any Easter candy and I have a
shitton Easter candy at my house rich
what are some technology thought was a
terrible idea ended up being a smashing
success Twitter I have no fucking idea
what people get about Twitter why they
want to use Twitter what they see in it
no idea yeah this is but it was at
extreme narcissism but what do you get
out of following its information or
entertainment there's better places to
get information that is I mean that's
not true like Twitter is instant twitter
is instant update so this is a facebook
update only this is not a character
limit my guess it's different things but
Facebook is all cluttered twitter is
getting all cluttered too oh man more
tips I'm sorry everybody about missing
all of your tips by the way
tired and sad says do you guys think
zack snyder is capable of making a good
movie if the script was also good all of
his films seem to have terrible scripts
300 was alright but is this the faults
of the director the three hundreds all
right yeah 3 was alright even there were
some even like good parts of his walking
dead did 30 days no uh don't want Dawn
of the Dead remake ozo who's who was 30
days at night not the reason I was the
other zombie one the zombie it's not
anyone that didn't have zombies the rage
Diaries six days into the six-day 77
days what the fuck was that cold yeah 30
days later 28 days 28 days later 28 days
later that wasn't I'm thinking I'm
thinking of was that 30 days and led the
vampire one getting crossed with it so
300 was alright but it what that was
style over substance that was like the
one the store was so simple what's the
story than 300 these dudes beat up the
other dude yeah that's it yeah and so it
was his style that carried yes that very
very simple scripts and even his Dawn of
the Dead remake which I didn't fully
care for it had some neat ideas I never
stopped because I hate fast zombies okay
that's fair that's fair um so I i do
believe he is capable of making a good
movie I and I don't know what it what
his thing is he's he's so into the
studio system that he just can't he just
can't I would like to see him make a
Batman movie with Ben Affleck yeah with
a different writer I would like to see
that I would give that a chance I would
give that a serious chance
I believe you can't have multiple layers
and so you want to see what happens if
we chat i did not like return to the
living dead just looking out luckily
this person is totally gonna make storm
i thought we're going with an entirely
different yeah skin type here well well
then you choose where they're from oh
yeah i never get this oh that's
interesting i don't i don't hate this
character design I know you do you don't
it's fine rich don't be gross so are we
going a little different or are we going
like full different full different okay
here we go we're making we're making a
green or charcoal charcoal Morlock storm
Rick popper you're going to be a pupper
or a hunter whatever you want or a
hunter I don't be a hunter cuz then I
don't get you your awesome haircut
innate what kind of like hunters oh how
do you get a whip ya will give hunter
troy hunter but the chef kicking ass
right now we're just trying to see if
the other people look like different if
you pick a different looking care of ya
and I get to keep the chef save yeah it
looked like there are multiple save
slots and so bay all we're all we're
wondering is if we choose a different
race everyone is that grace which i
think is a fair question
you should make that character on
another account so you guys can coat you
can co-op
and now that I know what's up with the
game rich did you know that one of the
animators from the Batman from batman
the animated series storyboarded the
batman action scenes are there other
than the Superman fight which is comical
I actually liked the Batman action scene
so ah that makes sense you Bruce Timm
and so are they
it looks like all the Pirates here
Daily wave river the jack man is playing
is Jack and playing the game again we're
testing a theory we're just testing a
theory settle down settle down rich has
a theory about people's skin color in
the game and it's a theory that we would
like to why did you phrase it that way
why would you theory about people's skin
color is that's the correct way yeah I
look at Cthulhu monster that's fun
so this is the fight we were supposed to
lose not to the Pirates are here mm-hmm
ok so now
is anyone else like a horrible monster
like the person we r is the question if
we like sharp teeth no more of a monster
he has a beard it's hard to tell oh I
did something yep I did that the names
of you should stop playing with your art
was so glad I know there are games I
stop playing because the art was so bad
there are games I never played at all
does the art style was so bad mm-hmm I I
initially like I stayed away from
spelunky for a long time because the art
looks like weird and cartoony I was like
oh that's not going to be a game I want
to play as it turns out it was nina it's
one of my favorite games and so I've
learned my lesson because of games like
spelunky and was the other game that i
was playing recently Oh motherfucker I
played ice cream a couple times where
you steal stuff oh you're you're you're
a thief yeah yeah the somethings the
swindle the swindle this window also has
a really Jenky art style but I enjoy the
game on so this art Sally I really
dislike but i'm not i'm not ready to
just you know call it off I think I'll
wait do I have I know I don't have any
I think everybody just know i think that
it just me the skin color thing I need
an artifact the artifact is what is what
brings the people is what brings all the
boys to the yard so Steve the time thief
came out it looks acceptable oh and
actually I think I think the fact that
thief uses lots of darkness just by you
know its nature that gave it a lot of
the longevity the graphics a lot of a
lot of acceptability with a black penis
when when everything is so fucking dark
I don't know what I couldn't see it my
thing at the time it came out it's just
a little little bit substandard I want
of it yeah no look good first time
especially especially because the you
said dark a lot of good use of color and
darkness at the character models like
they don't even have gnosis oh really
well I'm just really old no people
hanging by the way this time there are
people hanging up here hmm I need to
just quickly find an artifact
i think is near the beginning
this game needs like a really silly tube
annoys when you die Wow thief mix up for
models in environment and sound very
much so very very much so
yeah yeah beef hey Rio stock market like
it's not even a recent thing there was a
thief mod that I used that the place the
character models in the first game
character models from the second game so
you could play thief one with people who
actually had noses was it up it wasn't a
huge improvement no so here's the huge
the answer if you're a horrible monster
person the people in the game okay
remain the same okay also possibly
racist hi great I'm done all right I
know I haven't been standing up I'm sure
I'm gonna stand up in a moment feel a
little bit like average hmm let's go out
go through our tips if we have any have
you guys watched pee-wee's big holiday
it's pretty sweet but definitely makes
me but definitely misses danny elfman
score the the netflix original pee-wee
Herman movie I didn't because it looked
like it had a high potential to just be
like sad now just depressing and sad
like oh this is what it's come to I've
heard good thing yeah Jay really liked
it okay if I if I remember correctly I
remember Jake tweeting positive things
it looked like it looked like a high
potential for all people just look so
old and this is just not working it's
it's a desperate attempt to recapture
something that's gone and oh it makes me
cry that's what i thought i was gonna
get with the trim that was a pee-wee
Herman movie yeah so the big holiday
yeah and I just haven't got around to it
only because i'm still trying to fucking
catch up on daredevil and everything
and everything so now if I hit continue
should my game should be there yes okay
great lately a lot of my free time just
been star to valley right exactly we
also had a game to play people ask why I
don't play this or that or watch this
revenge sometimes things you got do so
many things so many things nobody
there's so many things mr. glitch hey
guys I humbly suggest to Star Control to
for a future stream it's full of
opportunities for your delightful voice
acting skills to shine and it's free you
fucks start control too I will add it to
the list mr. glitch tired and sad says
if the DC movie universe is misguided
tone and direction are its biggest
problem miss Connie yes yes yes and
promise of trying to make everything
Batman yes the end and like not only
everything Batman but they're also like
front loading this movie with every
wonder where the flower everything oh my
god and I think this just flat-out
contradiction when it comes to Superman
these portrayed then like a grim
horrible murderous way yet parts of
sometimes the script still wants to act
like he's a virtuous hero that we're
supposed to root for when you don't get
that from watching the movie at all like
at all no that never comes across
what would be so to finish the question
tired said what would be your biggest
criticism of the Marvel Cinematic
Universe films in general I you know
what tired said that is a good question
that's a good question as a universe
it's fine it actually it's a it's a
cohesive functional universe I don't
have any criticisms criticisms of the
universe yet I've been like lukewarm are
not into a lot of the movies that have
come out for it I mean you can call us a
marvel fan boy but you know say i loved
i remem one iron meant to us yeah I i
actually do love iron man 3 captain
america one I hated you hated I hated
camera bonhams the movie has no idea
what it's doing in the second half has a
great origin and then and I could touch
it let's go in the face when they crash
I don't know terrible ending yeah before
both doors Ian anything Bobby distant
second one well there cuz i'm such a
marvel fan boy yeah you are no no no the
avengers was great fun the first
Avengers great fun the second one yeah
yeah so it's not like it's not like I'm
sucking the marvel cinematic universe is
cock here yeah but it is what it needs
to be
the you know I think the the faults the
problem with the Marvel Cinematic
Universe is the same reason why they're
successful which is it's a it's a
heavily producer driven universe all
right like Marvel has control over
everything and that's everything from
agents of shield to daredevil to jessica
jones to Captain America everything they
have final say on everything you know
why that's appropriate the Marvel
Universe was always at its best when
there was a strong editor behind it the
gym shoe tears work fucking great than
the years when they had editor-in-chief
by committee Oh everything was terrible
yes and so they have a strong vision for
their University but I think that also
hurts them you look at something like
ant-man which is a pretty sub-par move
haven't even seen it though they go like
and I like Paul Rudd and a lot of the
action sequences were really cool and MN
but overall pretty sub-par that's began
it's because they were like lunging
forward after a strong director left and
they replace them with an all right
director and it's it's an alright movie
but I think like their biggest strength
is also their biggest weakness which is
not to say it's a huge weakness like
they've created a cohesive universe but
I think they can that steamrolls some of
the creativity okay that could exist
makeup if that makes any sense
ya nah makes us I would have loved to
see an Edgar right-hand man that would
have been a fun time it yeah but it
might not totally a fit in but the
universe plans exactly it wouldn't
totally fit it yeah why he didn't do it
yeah you know and so that is my biggest
criticism but I mean I overall I like it
I like the universe it's fun
I thought it was subpar I want to
rewatch it I want to rewatch a man
because I only saw it once in the
theaters huh and I want to give it a
second try right now you can't rent it
digitally you can only buy it and I
don't want to watch it again for twenty
bucks that's that's my feeling on
ant-man I think I think one of the
biggest problems with the DC grimdark
plan is well grimmond dark might work
for like a movie or a character that's
gonna be a miserable fucking universe
could you imagine no I can't I don't
want to chin every fucking like the
reason the flash TV show is so
successful it's cuz it's light-hearted
you got like they joke around about like
the characters names that's great and
that's what people want like how you run
around real fast let's have some fun
with that let's have let's have a flash
movie where he's a miserable cunt Oh
speed speed is the only way I can run
away from my demons I the demons that
haunt me are they gonna call to the DC
Comics Cinematic Universe is it gonna be
the DCCC you just let the spit take
happen jack just let the spit take have
a big drink of water and rope said that
that's great the DCC you that's great
I I I do I wish Marvel would have let
Edgar Wright finish a man but Edgar I
wanted to do things that Marvel didn't
want to do it didn't fit in with their
producer driven direction and they have
the right to do that because they have
the money they paid Edgar Wright said so
they can tell them what to do that's how
it works but
he runs so fast that he smashes into a
little boy and gore him across seven
counties Oh what I have to live with
that now what kind of hero am I uh I
guess I'll run really fast again any
case and any case hey oh yeah yeah we'll
get you know what will get in tomorrow
this on Wednesday when we have our
spoiler if 'ok conversation any any
last-minute donations here this guy
determine direction was our last okay so
okay move it over to the big screen hey
almost i can see part of it oh my god
there we go saved row 18 months in a row
fruit by the magician it's fish buzz 15
months in a row sausage toes 15 months
enroll mall rat Cole 18 months road
labella leg 21 fucking manzana wrong
it's a train oh god you're doing the
kiss at the end I stepped over i didn't
know you're doing that it's a spice and
calm I got it scrolled we met we're
gonna miss people we need to scroll back
up yeah no I know
No
Oh
hold on
let's try yeah Pizza train 11 14 months
in a row uh collecting data 13 months in
a row mikasa neck hard tree focker
welcome Longshanks 1 14 months in a row
one small bow frosty snooze 20 fucking
months in a row spynet 315 welcome spine
it subscribes to hack frogs you know
what I think at one point we were all
just a goo baby Goku baby hi Bella a
Michelle 87 I got a right this time nice
it's nice is great now 19 months in a
row loner arch on 19 homes in a row kid
you'd be 8th my brother yeah that was
good thank you that's a good Russian
rich all Russian from now on space camo
19 months in a row
comically small skeleton little tiny
tiny man skeleton um guitars oh gay teen
I'm sorry oh my god I wasn't reading
craigory guitars Oh 13 months in a row
thank you gay for Jack hey someone's
happy about me Lando was taken 18 months
in a row Quinn sob knock 19 months in a
row crocodile brain 17 months in a row
mokey be it 521 fucking months in a row
Harry fed 14 months in a row that's all
right i don't think you fare with them
then we put it we make a feminine tough
group a cinema nah nah I've in the
Martinez offa I mean the man Michael fit
women thought Qin a feminine feminine
post-conversion token oh just
remembering how much I enjoyed that last
time Dima dove I wait Demidov yes
Demidov I 15 months in a row knowledge
junky old beat 16 months in her 00 beat
way better than that young Pete he's a
fuckin young beats a straight up dick so
energetic paki make making mistakes it's
like it's like we're all tired okay
young peed settle the fuck down okay
just wants to die right and we liked
that about him because he's a cock too
and stir hobbles I'm sorry stir horrible
stumble how I got at least arms thank
you clapping for subscribing with vivica
Fayed that's true another earthly
effeminate man what a feminine feminine
a cinnamon cinnamon toast crunch I know
you gotta hit the end button I oh you
don't know no I gotta hit this end
button oh wow like I hit the send button
and then we have to say it stopped right
oh my god