Episode 543
Udderly Ridiculous part 1 (Stardew Valley)
May 31, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TpfIGjfYFjo
___________________________________________

I hope it's true I'd expect to see like
a ton of me me me or whatnot oh we're in
a massive delay here massive delay I'm
just gonna I'm just gonna pick cat or
dog then cuz I'm gonna I'm gonna wait
like like five minutes before I find out
if everyone wants a cat or a dog I'm
going with the dog before that cat you
know cuz it's completely fucking useless
anyway all right that's fine
do they have balding
Mohawk it's not really the same thing
not getting some fucking Dragon Ball Z
here I'll tell you that holds this
I'm not sold on these hairs I'm just not
oh my god the Jessica Rabbit fucking
what do we have that's where we're at
fairly boring but that's fine that's
fine
sure I can't get feedback as the chat is
so delayed hey if we're not with a
Punisher shirt I'm going to assume
that's the skull pants color black then
it has to be black right
all right we're the Punisher we're
basically the Punisher
you guys want to see the intro I can't
get feedback as I'm probably not eight
minute delay
sure why not we want to see the intro
it's a grandfather my very special
grandson I want you to have this sealed
envelope okay no no to open it you guard
have patience which tackle reject is a
good grandfather now listen close that
will come in today when you feel
Anonymous is rich I hate to point out
the elephant in the room but the Chad
wants to know what's happened let's come
true love gone and your bright spot will
fade before yada-yada
when that happens my boy you'll be ready
for this bush turtle the wise says rich
you look awesome
could you tell me approximately when the
next commentary I would be happy with a
month of release just so I Revenge of
the ninja for the first time it was
amazing
the next commentary will actually had to
be redone there was an audio issues
there will be a next commentary alright
we're working our horrible office job a
job Oh sound
all right I'm going to minimize after
the cutscenes and I'm gonna turn down
the the Oh My gods
look I don't I don't remember if Jack
were here he'd he just said before we
straight rich you you turned down that
that sound and the mixer you turn it
down oh wait I can do it no all right
here we go hold tab mixer go tubes turn
it down now that might turn the game
audio down to I'm not a hundred percent
sure let me know of the game sound is
awful what's the brand father I have to
actually highlight over it what is this
oh my god I missed the first part of
that letter was Jackson if you're
reading this you must be in dire need of
a change the same thing happened to me
is long ago I'd lost sight of what
mattered most in life real connections
with other people in nature so I dropped
everything and moved to the place I
truly belong anonymous says rich did you
get a new hat something seems different
today and while you I think I've worn
this once before this is my gateway
Grizzlies hat like I said I'm just
trying to wear some of my weird minor
and independent league hat hats that
I've collected at ballparks I've gone to
and is the gateway Grizzlies they play
in the st. Louis area not in the city
itself
turtle the wisest rich could you make me
a balloon animal you guys are great
why would you want me to make you a
balloon animal that doesn't make any
sense
all right I read that part before dear
Lloyd beads I read that part before I've
enclosed the deed to that place my pride
and joy gobbledygook farm it's located
in stardew valley on the southern coast
it's the perfect place to start your new
life this was my most precious gift of
all and now it's yours
I know you'll honor the family name my
boy
good luck love grandpa
yes Lewis is still alive say hi to the
old guy for me William and we never we
never will we never will I've played
through most of this game we're never
gonna honor our grandfather's wish to
tell his old friend he said hello Lewis
is gonna spend the rest of his life
thinking that grandpa just did not give
a shit about him Anonymous's are you
voting on Tuesday can you give us some
tips for voting and info on political
stuff going on in Milwaukee I don't
really feel like talking about political
stuff today don't really feel like it
this is this is a very depressing
election cycle I I think we're gonna be
I think our options this election are
gonna be bad and worse it's gonna be the
most miserable thing
Turtle Elias says I met Jack
sorry balloon animals still requested be
well Jack's not here Jack's not here
okay oh you must be the lady I'm not
gonna do voices cuz I'm terrible at
voices I can do I can do like three good
voices and unless we want everybody to
have the same three voices it's not
gonna work
it's just local carpenter I read what
you're saying same things fines right
over here if you followed me probably
have a twang do it
this guy looks farm
everyone's gonna talk like that it's
fine everyone what's the matter
sure it's bit overgrown but there's some
good soil underneath back months with a
little dedication you'll have it cleaned
up in no time
here you are your new home oh the new
father welcome I'm Luis mayor of Pelican
Town the awfully awfully named Pelican
town you know what's strange I haven't
seen one Pelican around here
I've got like 50 hours of this game and
really no pelicans at all but it's
called Carl Icahn town you know
everyone's been asking about you it's
not every day that someone new boobs in
it's quite a big deal you can say
anything my grandpa no you know don't
tell he was my grandpa don't do it so
you're moving into your grandfather's
old cottage so good house very rustic
which please at least do one voices
papyrus oh oh I'll tribe rustic is one
way to put it
Kristen might be the more I am though
rude don't listen to her Lloyd beats
she's just trying to make you
dissatisfied so that so that you buy
whatever house upgrades her anyway you
must be tired from the long journey you
should get some rest
anonymous says please give our regards
to Jack the next time you see him to
Patty but couldn't be here today to
wreck his vocal cords for us I feel so
bad when he does papyrus tomorrow you
ought to explore the town a bit and
introduce yourself
the townspeople would appreciate that oh
I almost forgot you have anything to
sell just place it in this box here oh
come by during the night to collect it
well good luck
fuck off so um I got this farming
no don't go to sleep for the night we
just woke up we got look at seeds Dylan
not Dylan says hey rich see you're
streaming alone they'd anyway can you
please do one character on the voice of
George Lucas Thanks
yonder yonder says please sure please
make sure this goes to the sexy clown
sexy silent clowns don't get enough
respect in this horrible world of ours
clown right
all right so we're gonna
make some room here for some parsnips
we have we have 15 of them right
oh my god that takes forever with the
unupgraded axe and you know what I'm
gonna cut this fucker down just because
I want to see what's going on I will
definitely be naming chickens and crows
after people if I can get to them soon
enough five six which money do we have
all right
there's this more wood to pick up uh
I'll get what I'll get what don't worry
I want to get the seeds planted seeds
planted him watered it's very important
to me we got all right new to this game
this is the calendar this game's year is
only like four months long and every
month is just a full season so there's
28 days in a month and well you see
somebody's picture that's their birthday
okay um let me let me get some of these
donations leftover beefcake says my
birthday can you name a chicken or how
after me when you get some will do will
do LOI beat says best stream ever
anonymous says do you like this game
better than fire watch in your review
what you were talking about turning the
game map off is that something you
recommend in other games that was not me
recommending that that was Jack who has
this ridiculous notion that fire watch
is a game and that by turning the game
map and locator off it's a exploration
game where you walk along these preset
tubes that you can't really deviate from
and that gimping the game turns it into
game play magically it's the dumbest
fucking thing I've ever heard but you
know whatever whatever the real van says
just real issen to the Jurassic Park
commentary and actually the most recent
research and forensic evidence points to
t-rex being an active predator okay well
you know oh they're not even hoping yet
we're never going to know we're just
never going to fucking know they've been
dead for 300 million years
you know I never talked to this guy
normally so I'm just gonna just say what
he says I don't know you why are you
talking to me all right there you go
I talked to Shane right Gus pepper
papyrus oh cool Billy's away oh this is
done well so you know what I don't talk
to Gus that often oh my god oh my god oh
my god says rich census the 30th
anniversary of the Jeff Goldblum's the
fly this year well I'm just doing a
commentary track on the film I'll bring
it up
I'll bring up that's probably not going
to be the next one - age says my name is
in the Panama papers you have to hide my
money rich $2 is all I have also do you
know if Jack got my mail I sent to rlm
if not my post office sucks trace your
packages folks I know we got something
from you I thought maybe I don't
remember exactly what was in it because
the other day we got a ton of fucking
mail but I do recall seeing something
with your name in there somewhere
I mean there was literally we had a it
was just one weird mail day where
everything converged in one day we had
like a car full of stuff
bacon Jacobs says rich you're still
wrong about the sand man comics also
beep beep beep honk honk beep is that uh
is that a reference to my new car thank
you
turtle the wise says oh my god I just
closed everything and I don't know how
to bring it back up
she figured us out I don't understand
what this laptop it's weird it's weird
okay
turtle the wise says this game sucks by
the way what did you think just as by
the Oh by-the-by never mind I read that
wrong that's mine you know that's all my
bad
I expected him to say by the way and
when I didn't see by the way it got me
confused let me start that again
turtle why says this game sucks by the
by what did you think of punch club
basically the same you guys are awesome
keep on keeping on basically the same as
punch Club no no nonnamous says it's a
strange sound on stop motion creature
effects mixed with live action I think
it's just about the best thing ever not
jarring at all and oh my god I'm just no
I'm just not gonna play the game I'm
just gonna spend the whole day reading
these and that's fine because these mean
I'm getting money so I'm fine with that
I don't think you can get away with
stop-motion anymore but whenever I see
an old movie with good stop-motion and
it warms my heart the real van says they
found a triceratops skull with bite
marks which only the t-rex was strong
enough to make in addition the wound had
healed implying that the trike had
successfully fought the t-rex tag off
interesting Lando was taken says hey
rich does Jack every watch these streams
if not any complaints grievances you
want to say to the chant off the record
nah I've you know what I have no
complaints jack Jack is great and
streams and I am terrible and really
Jack Jack makes me bearable cuz if
you've ever watched my solo streams
borings fuck if I could change anything
about our streams it would be my weird
ass audio problems where I'm too loud
and sometimes I'm too quiet
I wish I wish I weren't like microphone
proof alright alright back to the game
here's this guy oh hey
she's a new gun huh cool I think jerk
guy seems like an ass fucking hate Alex
fuck Alex alright talk to peer user two
seven seven two two one says rich why is
there a horrible potentially mentally
something clown on the screen also who's
the guy in makeup are you trying to say
I'm I'm I look ugly I don't I don't do I
look like a clown d what look like a why
do I look like a clown to you and I
probably should use makeup I mean I'm so
pale I'm sure I look terrible on video I
know I look terrible on video alright
Pierre where's mr. Lloyd breach the new
farmer I'm I'm Pierre owner of the local
general snore if you're looking for
seize my shop is the place I go I'll
also buy produce for me for a good price
all our our agriculture can really
inject new life the local economy you
sure want to make these these
genetically engineered Briggs and when
you plant them in the ground like a a
giant a giant like a beanstalk it grows
up into the air like like miles into the
air and they grow overnight these bean
stalks we're gonna sell them for cows
going out this other plan with cows wait
wait he's breed smoker they brought in
the air and your morning to wake up your
exhale oh my god there's a giant breed
stalk in my fucking lawn and people are
gonna they're gonna climb their breeding
stock right and expect to find like some
kind of clock castle and the clouds like
a like a giant or something lady's gonna
walk off onto the cloud but it's just a
cloud so he's gotta fall to his death
people are gonna blow my magic
genetically
breeds climb them and fall or death one
at the end of the day we're going to go
to their houses because they're dead and
we're gonna rob their house and I'm
gonna use that to fund my cow operation
and in brilliant plan parsnip buy as
many of those as we can
Ben Swank lenses could you do the George
Lucas voice with Linus the hobo sure
stick man grits is why just just why
anonymous says what's silent his orange
hair and a big red nose carrot top
locked in my trunk with duct tape over
his mouth wearing a big red clown nose
alright hate your money you can say what
you want say what you want
all right plant oh my god that's really
nice
which I'm not quite set for
fuck it
you know I got plenty of time then I've
plenty of energy and I still gonna make
sure I didn't water all this shit so
let's let's pace ourselves
it's pace ourselves water as we go I
miss my upgraded and I really do
the mass-produce this shit
oh all right
all right
so this how's everyone doing today mochi
b85 says rich your solo streams like the
Silla stream right now are the best
the ultimate chill-out session not like
those unbearable jack solo streams he is
the worst
Shh don't tell him I said that he might
he might watch this later it's better be
careful what what should we do today I
guess probably need one more than I need
rocks I'll chop some trees all right you
know what I could well you know what
I'll get my energy down then we'll go
forward you know too much too much too
much yeah well I don't really have
anything to eat shit I was gonna go
foraging and then one swing too many I'm
someone I give that tree down before I
got tired it did not happen I'm kind of
fucked I guess I'm just going to bed and
that's day one all right what do we got
here anonymous says rich few weeks ago
you talked about Google's idea for
preventing anonymous comments on the
Internet what was that all about and it
looks like some videos were taken down
isn't fair use US law fair use is US law
it's frequently ignored in favor of
giant corporations with money and power
as far as the preventing anonymous
comments I'm against it I don't know the
details of how they want to accomplish
it though or what with what their
devious plan is or if there will be easy
ways around it I'm not sure Scott
what's that spoke Toa Skulltula house
says how much of a donation is needed
for a prereq on adventure for the atari
2600 and how it's more immersive and has
more exploration freedom and
replayability than modern adventure
games with tubes I wouldn't even call
Firewatch an adventure game it's really
not oh oh god the Atari is just the the
ugliest fucking thing I know very little
about adventure other than it's weird
but then again he said that it'd
probably been a lot of tari 2600 games
ok and the minimum if you wanted
donation read the minimum just so you
know it's $2 otherwise we get like a
flood of people donating like a penny
many the Vera King says rich can you
give me any specific tips on Mario Kart
8 The Binding of Isaac Pokemon or any
artsy fartsy theories on games in
general I can't tell you can't tell you
much about those games I'm talking about
pokemons though talking about it's just
fucking stupid and it's not going to
Jack the other day and he's actually
come around uh he cuz he's been Jack's
been playing Pokemon lately was yeah we
had that streamer was trying to get him
you and uh asked me that I said ma how's
your Pokemon game going I said you know
I got really tired of that majesté
playing it I realized how boring and
monotonous this game is and he he said
he felt really embarrassed to be a
thirty year old man like collecting
pokémon's and pokeballs and he just said
yeah you know I'm you're right Reggie
I'm just I'm putting this this toy away
I don't know I don't know what I was
thinking I had to grow
I have to grow up mister glitch says her
objects tragic disappearance from
outside J manhole you're very brave to
carry on without him I know that's what
he would want
the jaga's jaga's checkers he is
watching his kids tonight he like is his
wife had to go do a thing and he was
stuck at home and he's got to watch the
kids
he'll be back he'll be back Nana says hi
rich
I watched half in the bag and Stephen
King's it yesterday and last night I
dreamed you went on Twitch to stream
with a clone because you're a money
whore I'm glad it was only a dream I'm
glad too I fucking hate clowns clowns
are just the most sickening creepy thing
like they're supposed to be funny I've
never seen a funny clown I've only seen
creepy clowns because all clowns are
creepy I have no fucking idea why
anybody wants to be a clown anonymous
says do you all float down there what is
it what the clowns tonight Jesus Christ
I fucking hate clowns you just trying to
tease me because I don't like clowns
what what prop this up oh is it the
probably The Killing Joke is everyone
all hyped about The Killing Joke I know
I am yellow they don't really like the
Fonz there's the best Fonz I can do this
why not just got back from a fishing
trip should come down to the beach
that's not fun at all that's all you do
funds funds just hey to me fucking just
got back the fishing trip should come
down to make some time but got something
for you that's it that's all I'm doing
for him
mmm Bosh's from oh my god for now on I
believe Jack should use a curly blonde
wig
believe it would look fabulous just an
idea
bacon chicken says rich if you were you
were wearing a hot orange wig for an
entire live stream how long would you be
able to wear it before it became too
itchy and painful to be funny just
curious that is a fucking odd question
and I don't know a minute I'm gonna say
a minute Rob Bayer 12 says sweet
potatoes are delicious cabron 3 says hey
rich I'm not a big fan of solo streams
any chance Jay might turn up tonight
also hey hey hee hee I make poo-poos and
peepees very little chance of Jay tonight
Laken says there's something wrong with
your stream settings I think it has to
do with the audio again there are latent
echoes of squeaky horns coming through I
know we're having some kind of hissing
problem but that was with the compressor
I'm not sure what's causing the squeak
though anonymous says you know it's been
a while since I shit myself and sheer
terror thanks rich also you got to play
Doom or Dark Souls 3 in the future
I almost will certainly play Doom in the
future and we'll probably play Dark
Souls 3 though honestly I should play
through Dark Souls 1 & 2 before I really
tackle 3 you know I don't need to you
know what but the blood-borne I didn't
give a shit about the story Souls
probably the same thing y'all probably
would be willing to play that out of
order
yonder says can you do a rich Evans
impression for me please sure oh my god
what the fuck there we go there's my
rich Evans impression I hate everything
Nana says I'm thinking of having
breakfast for dinner what's the best way
to make bacon and eggs egg scrambled
bacon however you like
I don't I don't have any bacon recipes I
don't I never cooked my own bacon just
fried bacon just put on a pan and there
you go I think bill WA hecka says just
got here tonight rich but tonight stream
seems smoke more oh my god
sorry my screen just went black bill
Oaxaca says just guider tonight in
Richmond tonight's stream seems more
coherent than Batman vs Superman also
when are we playing the grand prize game
it's a bozo reference I'm I'm excited
about The Killing Joke too but they're
all getting weird I heard there's a clip
of it that was on one of their animated
DVDs recently like a preview I'm very
what does the animation style they're
going with for The Killing Joke here's
our I've like barely had time to game I
still don't have time to game oh my god
indeed drew JN says I see that Don
Wilson is still running from the IRS new
name new place can we see more of them
also do you think Jay would make a nice
mime would you really want to see like a
silent jay and clown makeup it's just
it's a weird idea I don't get minds just
silent clowns and what's what's up with
that crocodile brain says I love and
miss Jack if I donate $1 will you solo
streamed Firewatch oh god no
I'm a I'm a solo stream other things
tonight we'll see how the winds blowing
I can barely play this game we're
getting so many donations tonight which
is great I appreciate it I don't know if
that makes for a very entertaining
stream I worry about that
I mean you pay to get a comment I'm
gonna read the comment yes that's the
only fair that's why it's the nice one
Jack's here because Jack can you know he
can read this shit out aloud while I'm
playing the game that way we still have
some kind of activity going on on the
screen
well while talking is happening I forgot
about the rock blockage FK in the coffee
says play Dead Rising 3 if so what do
you think of it also what DC comic would
like to would would you like to see
animated after The Killing Joke as far
as Dead Rising 3 like I can't I have so
many fucking games I might need to play
and then this thing's we got to play few
purposes and I never get around to thing
so I have it I'm looking forward to
playing it even though I've had it for a
while now but I haven't really had much
time with Dead Rising 3 yet um as far as
what DC comic what I like to see
animated
hmm hmm part of me says preacher but
that comic is so perfect I don't know
that we need an animated version of
preacher
it's just perfect as is I don't know
long Halloween I don't I don't have any
strong feelings on that anonymous says
rich I really respect your views on
Pokemon and it can completely understand
how someone could feel ridiculous
collecting creatures and balls what a
silly thing to enjoy am i right you are
totally right and now Jack agrees with
you two he's come around he's come
around tell me it's that Pokemon Oh
stranger hello opal my man I just I just
live out here alone nobody nobody likes
me I used to be a multi-billionaire but
then I I sold my company to make small
personal films in my garage and want
them to go over so well because my small
personal film would cost me two hundred
million dollars to make was strange
magic it was really it was a movie ahead
of its time I don't think the country
was ready for all fairy cast so now I am
forced to to live in my tent I'm now
bankrupt and why don't they let me make
Star Wars anymore I don't understand
Lando was taken so speaking of Killing
Joke I got this tattoo tattooed a couple
years back obviously I'm super happy
hope the leg works I'll check it out
sometime later but thank you for the
link to what I assume is your tattoo all
right
so um they gave me like a list of things
you can accomplish in the game to the
beach somebody willing invited you to
visit the beach south of town says he
has something to give you so you know
we'll do that what else if I got in the
queue
clicky fucker getting started oh that's
just the planting which we're doing that
introductions say hello to everybody in
town miss we'll start with Willie oh my
god
go into the beach
nice planting in that cute house first
night I don't even know how I did his
voice fuck it he's he's Jimmy Stewart
now ahoe I was first night the old
cottage oh yeah your grandpa used to
complain about the rickety old bed but I
think I think deep down he actually
loved that house did we get the pixel
figures in the mill yes we did yes we
did and they're great I don't know where
they are right now
we got them though Lando was taken since
speaking of killing no that was oh my
god yeah that's an old message that is
weird
here we go took a while to pop up for
some reason from piss boy would you find
a clown creepier if it were someone you
know would you ever be able to see the
good in that and this person again or
would it be eclipsed by the creepiness
well the there would be there would be
some taint on that relationship where we
just feel like dirty from now on I'd
have the awful memories of clone in my
brain but I would say a clown who
someone I know is less creepier than a
than a strange clown I know I had a
nightmare once where some kind of
supernatural force or something had had
kind of started taking over my fiance
Karen's brain and like made her start
dressing like a clown and I was trying
to talk her back to sanity and it just
wasn't working she was she was a clown
in my dream she wanted to be a clown
maybe it was the spirit of Eloise Cole
bad gamer Oh Korean says true fact of
the day reg did you know I read this
strange word to me Cairo phobia fear of
clowns is a real thing yes I know it's a
real thing I haven't I
at least I had it when I was a kid I
don't know if I'm afraid of them now but
I definitely think they're creepy
totally fucking creepy big hall I'll
give you like a fish here I want you to
have my old fishing rod it's important
to me that the art go fishing stays
alive and hey maybe you buy something
from the shop once in a while he an
efficient rod yay yeah I received the
bamboo pole that's fascinating it's good
water here in the valley all kinds of
fish yeah yeah yeah stop talking stop
talking buddy snuggle says tell Jack I
really respect him for entertaining his
kids tonight
he's a good dad this tip is for a beer
that he will surely need by the end of
the night well I'm not going to tell him
about that tip and I'm going to use it
all for myself
how's that make you feel fucker what's
fish
oh this is this is a pathetic fish god I
even forgot some time in this game and I
don't know I have no room fuck it I
really need that backpack all right
how long how long am I gonna stream
today about three or four hours well
rich Evans solo streams they're kind of
weird they could go on a lot longer when
Jack's not around because you know Jack
Jack's got things to do he's a family
man III don't I'm I'm you know I'm
completely free tonight so I can um I
get stream for like 14 hours I mean I
had my my Dead Rising solo stream I want
to say that was a 14 hour stream my Dead
Rising no death run so we can be here
all night
you never know actually how was how was
stardew valley working for everyone this
is being a decent stream I really need
to build a chest
mr. glitch says or that's no wait this
is oh my god anonymous says I can't
believe you got a hair transplant I
cannot believe you got a hair transplant
how could have you done this how could
you have got a hair transplant we can't
help you out of this one what a weird
weird thing to say but I'm just warning
camp but I'm still bald I don't wear a
cap because I'm trying to pretend I have
hair I'm wearing a cap usually just
because my hair looks like crap oh no I
exert myself while reading comments no
that's bad that's bad I'm not having a
good run here
all right with the star to Val I think
it's mostly because I'm stopping every
two seconds to read comments straight
it's great really appreciate it
I don't know this makes for an
entertaining stream it's fine it's fine
mr. glitch says rich I think you're
being too hard on clones they're just
normal people who made incredibly bad
choices in life that's very true
that's very true or they were they were
infected with grief clown venom purple
space bazooka says hi rich great stream
tonight what's your opinion on the
Civilization series think you would dig
sieve five also could you please name
something in game after me thanks and we
all float down here uh thank you purple
space bazooka if I even at this rate
look I'm not gonna get to naming
anything after anyone because I just and
this rate there's no way I'm gonna get a
barn I think at this point fuck
socialization I'm in it for the money
Oh rain so we needed rain and I need to
build a fucking chest so I need to start
hacking away at some trees now if we
ever needed rain it was today when when
it rains you don't have to worry about
watering your crops hate these trees I
think I need fifty oh do I have
sixty-six I got just enough a little
more than just all right so this
crafting this is the major difference
weeding this and harvestman is crafting
get out of my way stuff
oh fuck you stuff
many Oh God many the Vera King says rich
do you have hearthstone or injustice
installed
I haven't justice I don't have it
installed right now and I've never
touched hearthstone anonymous says
without Jack around who will remind us
to stand up every hour I'm just gonna
stand up on my own in a bit honestly
bacon jacob says rich there's a huge fly
buzzing around to your left
swat at it kill it please there you go I
got the fly safe my house burns down
when I go to forage can't even I can't
even make my way down here so proud of
it punch back Jack says rich though I've
been a sub for awhile I've been catching
up on old streams on YouTube so I
thought I should tip as well thanks for
a great channel and please think Jack
when I see him I will do that from
because movie hey rich I can always
count on you for a great laugh
fortunately I'm laughing so hard I'm
seeing things also how much of a
donation to guarantee an FTL stream next
time um 25 bucks
I'll go cheap on that 25 bucks I
probably could have gotten you know a
lot more but I'm not I'm not a complete
greedy asshole he'll do anything for
money
I don't I don't think I could respect
somebody who would sell out you know
that much anonymous says rich does J
read books if so I'd recommend the the
Phineas Poe trilogy the main character
falls in love with a woman who steals
his kid B in the first chapter I think I
think it's his fucked up alley I think
it's up his fucked up alley I'll try and
remember to tell Jay about that
anonymous says now that Jack has a hand
a hard mounted 3ds you should stream one
of them Monster Hunter games maybe even
in co-op
they're pretty challenging action games
or you almost only fight boss monsters
we may do that one small ball says the
one interesting part of those awful
character introductions in Batman vs
Superman the scientists from the cyborg
video was the same actor from Terminator
2 who worked on the arm and microchip I
did not know that did not know that
traitor traitor odds each traitor Todd
siege says Richard your Helldivers
review you said you wanted a similar
game with story and conclusion do you
still wish for that um sure sure
gobbledygook says thanks for the farm
name I'm playing SIF five right now it's
always fun to nuke things as Gundy oh
and check out DC Universe Online for the
ps4 it's free you fuck was it my turds
are green says isn't it rich are we a
pair me here at last on the ground you
in midair send in the clowns isn't it
bliss don't you approve one who keeps
tearing around one who can't move
honestly I have no idea whether it's a
reference to but it sounds very poetic
very poetic
jug up 93 says have you guys watched
anymore Neal Breen now yeah well we're
saving and watching that till something
special happens light beat says FTL yada
that's 25 bucks so I'll play FTL
