Episode 547
FTL (All Pause Run)
June 4, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rMtxSPMRYfM
___________________________________________

OOP OOP I'm sick hello hello everybody
yeah you know for me mostly it's mostly
embarrassing hi everybody
an FTL thing good ready to start here
rich promised and gave his word that
that he would play FTL so we're here
playing FTL our ship we gone with her
sorry I could not make it on Sunday
family emergency
hopefully rich had a good stream but we
are here now and we are ready to FTL
rich is going to pause all I have
unlocked I got to dig out my this is
like me the steam version of the game I
don't like any hardly anything unlocked
I really need to dig out my gog version
everything amant at this point yeah so
what are you thinking
what what what will make a good FTL run
for you because you know what the last
the last time you tried you failed I
don't think I ever stream to mantas ship
ok well if I do something that'll give
me the best chance of winning it's like
the same ships I have used a ton of
times
oh ok yeah we'll try something new I
don't think I've ever streamed the
mantas ship ok great
all right you've got the keyboard right
I've got the keyboard you need to get so
we could maybe they get some name shit
let's just leave Jack we have a Jack you
have a jack we have a jack on the
showcase so just leave that I mean all
right fine kismet kismet let's see here
wait wait I'm doing the old name first
okay and wait until we delete it oh
sorry the real van and horrible glory no
and deleted that backspace Munchak
turtle wise
hey Shannon him boom wish members were
Bush ma'am sin' and where he were here
we're ready to go we're here I'm already
almost ready to go I have a beard this
love this lovely beer that someone sent
us all little cans of beer and I like
that because then I can have a couple I
not be drunk okay store right off the
bat quaint
I'll come come on store get get off it
it will never surrender gonna hard fruit
of slavers right right oh we don't have
sensors ship you don't have sensors yeah
not the mantis thing I know I haven't
used the ship that much I've never had
me I've never had much luck with the
default mantas ship there's one that's
got like a four-man teleporter that
thinks just flat-out overpowered
oh they do want to they want to know if
if we can move our facecam to the other
side so they can see your power
distribution yeah I think that's fair
we'll definitely do that we will be
playing hyper light drifter later rich
do you wanna get one good FTL runnin and
rich promised some FTL so we're gonna
start with FTL we'll get all the chatter
out of the way before I can't hear that
I'm gonna risk this oh we can turn up
the volume
deep on the old on the old TV there oh
it's a human
or human as they say silly human you are
no match for the mighty Zoltan oh we got
fired oh shit let's kick care of that
fire probably beam anyone over right -
people are almost dead already
yay you know it's FTL it's FTL rich what
did you hear the Warner Brothers news
today no Warner Brothers reeling from
the the disappointment that is Batman vs
Superman he's gonna make money yeah but
it's not going to make near projection
projected money well yeah they were
hoping for over a billion and it looks
like it's not gonna break a billion oh
no right so what does this mean for life
liberty justice
life liberty life liberty and justice
they have made what might be like one of
the stupidest announcements I've ever
heard
so they're big franchise movie didn't
meet expectations yeah
Warner Brothers and so they're their way
to repair that for future movies is to
only make big franchise movies
what yes its instead of instead of
saying well you know maybe what maybe
you know we can like work with a
different creative team instead of
saying well maybe we can hire different
producers to demand it instead of saying
well let's focus on other movie
properties we have they're saying no
let's only concentrate on the big
franchise movies that aren't doing as
well hey they can be as dumb as they
want well double down zack snyder's
that's exactly what they're doing
they're doubling down on Zack Snyder big
name didn't work let's go with a big
name
what the fucks aren't working
we do have twitter on yeah we have the
twitter up and running
and you know what I get it like I get
their love of Zach Sanger because oh no
I just don't go my family I got enough
juice you're a powerful one single one
stop that's true
like I'm sure what the pitch for the the
whole Man of Steel and daunting Justice
League movies was is like the anti
Marvel movies right like we're making
movies for grown-ups
right that was X nighters that was X
night are saying like here's how we can
make ourselves different than the other
successful superhero movies right and
I'm sure the the higher-ups that want a
brother said this is it this is exactly
how we make our mark this is exactly how
we like differentiate ourselves from the
Disney machine and once you sell an idea
like that it's hard for them to shift
courses you know like as a creative you
you want to be like well let's roll with
the punches maybe but that didn't work
we'll see if this works but no no this
is what we've all agreed on so we have
to do this until we got basically the WB
they want to be different than Marvel
they know that
it's just it's silly news this is I'm
having Big Mike issues g√ºnther studios
hack frauds tell us about the clown
stream experience I loved it
slide whistle clown horn rich were you
clowning around on Sunday so you guys
still play you're still the facade I was
planning on doing that you think it's
okay to spill the beans
but I'm always wrong well so III was I
was prepared just to let the bid go but
no I thought it was I thought it was
Vaughn it was interesting it was it was
tough for me all right Rob fader 12
whoever said this this I forgot who
because I'm a jerk this birthday cake
sewed up that's great Rob babe this is
great and let's see here and because
movie I see move me over to mo oh sorry
with all these names I thought moved me
was a name no way because move me
wait yeah and it changes I okay okay
cool
it would nose it was it was very
interesting and you know let's not do it
again for a while I think that was there
now you got ready before you came here
yes what what the hell did your wife
have to say about this my my wife was
not home when I left the house my
mother-in-law was over though to watch
the boy oh my god and you know already
though like she knows like what I do is
what I do I play video games she knows
so like already she's just like and
before that you know like I make videos
were people you know high five in past
years so it's like already you leave the
how she turns at least you could have
done so much better
she loves me she loves me it's always
worked you know no she gets it she and
she she has a good time with it but and
the boys were just really confused like
I had the clock first they were like I'm
not sure they'd even like know what a
clown he was the clown is creepy my
clown is Caribbean so you know and I
didn't have the whole outfit on because
like I didn't want to like rip the
outfit I'm not the guy over so I just
had the clown makeup and the wig on and
when I left the house and so they were a
little confused
can the slide whistle knock away I
should have I should keep the slide
whistle here I love the slide whistle I
invested I could have gotten a $2 slide
whistle yeah but I invested in the $10
slide whistle because it made it much
better totally worth it totally worth it
totally worth it you know it was fine
and actually Lisa said because she knew
about the time stream she said she was
watching through she has a secret twitch
name and so she's in chat sometimes she
does not want her name to be no no and
she said she she tuned in for a little
bit just to see what it looked like and
she said it was creepy as hell of course
cuz it was yeah I loved it which
deserves a cheese sandwich with two
slices of cheese for what yes I do yes
so in any case it was I I thought it was
fun
I don't know if we'll be doing it again
anytime soon and if we do we'll probably
probably be upping the amount instead of
cakes
cuz it was tough that was tough for me
yep not to talk I thought my balloon
animals were on point though especially
with my octopus I was really happy with
my octopus
yeah oh let's see O'Neil Breen says hey
Jack please check out ultimate chicken
horse on stream on Steam it's a great
platforming party game that would be
great to stream I love playing it okay
the growing hat was great I'm glad you
liked that I enjoyed the riches
ever-expanding hat hold on I need to
write down ultimate chicken horse the
Neal Greene says ultimate chicken horse
ultimate chicken okay done got it
and the real van says Jack I'm a little
disappointed in how the clown stream
ended just as rich was about to turn off
the stream you should have turned to
face him and screamed at the top of your
hoo-ha well rich did it rich rich looked
over really quick and said oh my god
yeah but I don't know if everyone heard
that probably should have the lake
responded to the it's true we really do
you should have done that like you
normally do
oh you think and then I could have said
turned and said oh my god oh my god
and I was thinking about that yeah I was
thinking about ending it with me saying
something but the deal was I wouldn't
talk all stream true you're a man of
your word I was a man I'm a man of my
word and so that was the deal I wanted
to so I wanted to abide by that scarf or
so one says hey Jack check out enter the
gungeon
new roguelike twin stick shooter I think
you might like you are right I am gonna
check that out I haven't decided whether
or not I'm going to get that for ps4 or
for senior is the real thing it comes
out of ps4
it's on Steam it's on ps4 and I like to
make sure I have a couple games on ps4
for when I'm editing and can't lose my
computer like while I'm exporting video
is the step I am gonna do that I just
haven't decided yet gutter stars I was
going to tip last week but didn't want
to distract from stardew valley thank
for the great stream are you thank you
new start new Valley episode is almost
done I've got a little busy with other
stuff but I I think overall it's a very
pleasant game yeah I think we can both
agree on that we have conflicting
feelings about it but overall I think
it's a very pleasant game and I'm glad
you enjoyed it gutter stars sham kids
sama says I watched the Sunday stream
but whilst programming every time I
looked up the balloon hat was bigger and
more elaborate also which I hear you
were no dunce with a pen where can I see
your drawings
don't drop much you draw well not
compared to real people who can draw
actually well I'm so well do it do you
have a deviantART page no Rob Vater 12
how much for rich to silently play a
game while Jack and Jay have a
completely unrelated conversation that
can happen really happen any time Oh
literally every time Jacobs that's
exactly what happens but I
Anonymous is what WTF Jack is the clown
man if these clowns read this please
everyone else donate one dollar and 99
cents to bring the price of donation
from $2 to $1.99 every penny count I
have gotten in the habit of just my
streak of lousy games with the
mentorship is a continuing no I'm sorry
we've already lost people uh-huh it's
fucking stupid bombs keep missing I'm
very sorry
ships on fire like in a lot of fire it's
like on all the fire urban vermin I I
don't necessarily have a favorite
Superman comic book story cuz I'm not a
huge Superman fan I did just recently
read grounded the the trade for the
Superman grounded where Superman decides
to walk across the United States and I
really enjoyed that specifically book 1
book 1 is really simple and basic the
most the most super thing Superman does
is a talk to someone who's about to jump
off a building he talks to a suicidal
lady it's pretty it's pretty super
that's pretty super oh fuck and I kind
of love just how like in the first book
he doesn't really do anything like super
super so Superman grounded I really
enjoyed that that was
it was grounded it was a down-to-earth
little story good book good book I'm
okay with with Max's Superman his uh
American alien I've only read the first
two issues of American alien and it
didn't pull me in an incredible amount
but what I've read I enjoy it a little
bit of Karen likes it
yeah okay Karen likes it Manny the Vera
King says thanks for being a good sport
Julia doing the doing the haunting
haunting noise with the whistle was
creative also standing upright as I told
rich to push the chair over was
unplanned yes that worked perfectly I
was perfectly Google Jack box party pack
I don't know what that is Manny the Vera
King so I'm suspicious about googling it
turtle being something turtle the wise
says did you guys see the three second
clip of rogue one the Star Wars spin-off
oh my god is there through singing clip
I really so don't care if Mike and J
don't ask me to be a part of that
episode yes no good reason they would
I'm not gonna bother going to see it
okay it's an RT trivia game okay cool oh
yeah yeah it's some kind of multiplayer
you don't know jack oh okay cool cool I
did I also did not see the three second
clip I saw the Marvel is like announcing
the Poe Dameron comic and it looks a lot
like the actor wait I tried not like
there are very few movies that I get
really hyped about beforehand
mhm you know I'm a little hyped for
civil work of Spidey's in it because
it's Spidey I I'm sure it's gonna be
fine Star Wars the new Star Wars is fine
but that's one fine movie is not a
pattern like I'm excited for any Marvel
Cinematic Universe movie because they
have a consistent output their movies
are consistently good - great so I will
be excited about those movies you got
one good Star Wars one let's see if they
can make another good one okay then
we'll start talking about getting
heats truck says rich never got around
to thanking you for playing the last of
us that I donated you back in October
even though I could since you didn't dig
it very cool thank you thank you
also thanks jack I knew you would hate
it nobody
rich what says Neil bring it I have
three satellite dishes on the back of my
car right now just thought you should
know thank you oh yes after this battle
I will remind rich to me the face game
again oh yeah okay battles over rich
move the face game old tabby this is a
team effort Jack team effort all tabbed
look at us both rich and I wearing blue
today that was unplanned who would wear
blue wearing we're wearing blue shirts
and it's it's unplanned its unplanned it
seems to bother you it's just weird
why because you know it's a very common
color very common color but we're here
together we're streaming together it
seems like a uniform it's not a uniform
or something everything's fine
everything's fine tired and sad hey guys
what movie based on a major comic book
had the best mix of artistic license
just for the film but also maintaining a
strong understanding of the source
material Iron Man 3 I remember one I
remember one Iron Man does a great job
Iron Man 3 isn't the best movie ever
made but it's not the piece of shit
people say it is it's good it's a good
action movie yes I arms a good iron -
good character movie yeah I as everyone
knows Iron Man 3 is but I think it's a
perfect deck I don't understand the the
vehement hate I just don't people hate
that movie have you never read any of
our comment sections god no why would I
read the comment sections I would never
ever read your comment sections
there was a minor shitstorm in the one
of the one of the last videos really of
the Batman versus Iron Man 3
oh you mean Archon someone someone went
insane really yeah because I mean like
daya man and didn't like Batman vs
Superman I most mostly because we liked
Iron Man 3 really yeah
Iron Man 3 is a perfect action movie
there was hit like it was like a wall of
text about how horrible Iron Man 3 was
really I just said TLDR they hate that
they know that the the fact that they
changed the Mandarin was perfect that's
exactly how you update a character that
probably wouldn't work in modern day
listen we are about to see whether or
not they can get magic to work in a
movie there there are maybe a hundred
people out there who give a shit about
the Mandarin oh you think you know you
think a hundred one hundred say there's
a hunt wild I think that's being very
very
oh my god I lost the word I wanted to
say it's fine
but no you know the Mandarin what's the
Mandarin in the comic books he has he
has rings that give him magic powers
right mm-hmm that's it come on
that's not gonna work on a night that's
not gonna work in a modern day we're
gonna see if if benadryl I suppose in
theory you could do some kind of updated
mystical villainy sure the Marvel
Cinematic Universe has grown I think to
the point where it wouldn't be out of
place
having mysticism in what's otherwise a
technology movie well that's the
advantage of having a cinematic universe
you can mix and match these things what
we're getting there now yeah at the time
not a thing on but like they just
wrapped on Doctor Strange yeah
so I think I think at the time it would
have been weird of suddenly this
mystical villain agreed I mean we get
into some of that with Thor yeah but no
but who cares before it seems like
advanced technology and Thor though they
don't make it really seem like magic
right yeah agree so yeah maybe maybe
down the down the line we'll get a
another Mandarin no it's what doesn't
Thor is magic no they're they actually
have a line in Thor about like what you
humans perceive to be magic you know is
just technology out of your limited
mindscape or something of the life
Iron Man 3 gave stark a great arc Beyond
Iron Man literally that's the whole
thing
the whole movie is about is is the is
the power of the man or is the power of
the hero or is the man that you look
right that's literally that the theme of
the entire movie and it's beautiful
I'm so pumped about Shane Black's new
movie I just saw the trailer for did you
what is this new movie it's got like a I
oh I forget it what's what Shane blacks
new movie you guys don't nice
careful you're gonna make that person go
crazy again good let him let him Papa I
don't give a shit they need to pop a
vessel any sufficiently advanced
technology is indistinguishable from
magic that's right I think some weirdo
on the internet and something Mia's
gonna like somehow bother me no be very
well the nice guys the nice guys it has
um Oh who's the very handsome man from
the driver all you need to know is the
shame it's a shame black I know there's
a flair here and I want to get out of
here as fast as poss gotta get out of
there as fast as you can okay
ah let's see here oh no mrs. Jack just
wanted to say that say you're a hero for
last dream as far as I'm concerned
you're the hack fraud we need not the
one we deserve you and rich made my
entire day keep up the great room thank
you anonymous
listen I it was a fun experiment we said
we would I said I would do that we did
it and it was it was a good time where
are we boring Ryan Gosling that's what
I'm talking about Ryan Gosling and don't
keep bombing
stop and not Kurt Russell not Russell
Crowe what's his name it doesn't matter
let's not his name is my ships on fire
and I can't think about it right now
his name is my ship is on fire and I
can't think about that right now tired
and sad says what do you think of Iron
Man three producers backtracking and
said that there is a real Mandarin
outside of Kingsley and guy Pearce's
character when they made accompanying
Marvel one-shot short film I know I
never look into that expanded universe
stuff I've watched the movies the movie
is all that matters I don't care like if
the producer said that they're in
they're dumb and that was and that was
them kowtow to the hundred people who
would like that's not my Mandarin crew
are dying rich I have the cloning site
cutter sighs I said I didn't want to
distract from starter value but I'm all
I got d powered hard to get you powered
that's what a little thing how did you
get D powered I don't know did you did
you take that one away and put it
somewhere else I don't think I did I'll
fuck it now we're just doing do you lose
him forever yeah
have I ever played a game that made me
vomit yes there was a die-hard game for
the Nintendo 64 he was a first-person
shooter in a Nintendo 64 and it just
about moving no it did make me vomit it
was a die hard game for the n64 and was
awful where's it done oh we're done I'm
very sorry rich wait gutter services I
said I didn't want to distract from
starting value but I mean no disrespect
to FTL you got tons of tips with only
rich at the helm so I didn't tip as I
didn't want to add to the noise cheers
no problem gutter stars we feel yeah we
get you the off switch says I was
generally genuinely surprised to see I
was generally surprised they were using
the Mandarin I don't know much about the
Iron Man comics but to me that just
sounded like you called the bad guy the
evil Asian guy he sounded stupid right
because when the Mandarin was created it
was acceptable to say stuff like that
and so they were modernizing it it's
great gruff McNew to have an evil Asian
man I don't think there's anything wrong
with that no but I think it may even
also have good Asian people I think it
made extra sense in this in Iron Man 3
's world because like you know the
Mandarin did sound like people saying
like oh you know that Arabian guy you
know they're afraid of offending China
which is where they make a ton of their
money oh sure that's what it is that's
what it is I also think good part of it
was not wanting to go the mystical route
I think that was more of it is not
wanting to go the mystical round
hello Jen says gruff Macmillan Terry
welcome back jack great show last time
thanks again for including me in your
gallant crew last stream keep the hull
green and watch out for those flare
stars could for fuck now I were just Fox
there's just two yeah they're both
Angie's and I got a ship with a teleport
oh I'm sorry so it's like why bother
yeah
we're fucked um weird bond weird bondage
furry says rich and Jack love rlm and
what'd you guys do is there an
underrated movie you guys can recommend
blind fury you have mentioned this I
love Glenn Fury rich loves blind fury
I'm pretty vanilla as far as my movie
day so I like everything I like is
probably just normal so fucking Iron Man
please watch our pin three it's perfect
so fucked one small ball says how much
cock could a cock fucker fuck if a cock
fucker could fuck cocks also LOL fuck my
dick
does he have any kind of like how much
cock could a cock fucker fuck if a cock
fucker could fuck what's this what's his
health condition like he's they have
like a skin condition that might make a
skin like chafe easier that's a factor
yeah like a age location like how long
is the day what kind of day job does he
have is this his day off can you use
multiple orifices to fuck the cock well
no cuz that's not fun well I guess
that's fucked and what defines fucking a
cock you know is BG fucking the cock and
can can brakes be taken is that allowed
and what's the time frame there's a lot
of factors you don't have in this
equation think it out better and ask us
again if we're gonna solve for X we need
to all the all the other variables Thank
You turtle the Y's you can kill me and
my counterpart riches done son I am I am
well I'm thinking about scrapping this
by the way I'm turtle wise and because
movie yeah I think I think I should just
scrap it and then name them in the new
show sure this is this is fun okay this
is fun I'm calling this run is fucked
also am I the only one looking forward
to Doctor Strange be well do you have
any thoughts on Doctor that's a strange
I don't know let me see some previews on
what they're doing before I tell you if
I'm all boy or not but I mean he looks
great
Benedict Cumberbatch we're gonna play it
safe because I said good luck with the
Kestrel alright so we need because movie
and why's that someone else now Basara
Smashing Pumpkins who just did get back
together they just played their first
show with their original guitarist after
like 15 years I don't know if that was
supposed to be a joke but they just got
back together
okay and because movie and then thank
you John Quito boom
first name myself oh my god I was never
big on the Smashing Pumpkins good
they had like to me they had a couple
good songs that's a lot of bands there's
a whole lot of bands right no they had a
couple good songs yeah that's why I was
never big on him I knew some people who
were just so incredibly into them and I
was like yeah I never much cared for his
singing voice game you know it's a
spider all my rage I am still just a rat
in a cage would we consider playing this
nest our Fox I was alone yeah yeah sure
it's fine that's a great game it's fun
you'll love it enough we hate everything
you hate everything rich
rich have you scenes have you seen
Zootopia no I have also not seen
Zootopia I hear good things I'm sure
it's fine okay a atomic mousetrap says I
just looked it up the Mandarin uses
alien technology and just makes it look
like magic to fool people or something
it's just silly if I was ready just
silly well he says if I was writing a
movie I wouldn't use that guy either
comics have a you know you can explain a
lot of backstory in comics you got years
to explain the villains you know
oh my god we were talking with Jay just
a little bit ago and we didn't ask him
if he saw the witch
I'm so sorry favorite customer we don't
know if Jay Jay saw the witch he loves
it is that true
they saw the witch and he loves it Jason
oh is that true he's not confirming
whether or not that's true I do I don't
trust it i don't trust it i don't like
it it's like who also who cares about
like how they portrayed the mandarin ben
kingsley is fucking phenomenal as both
the evil mandarin and as pretend that
character isn't the mandarin and tell me
he didn't do a great job no it's
brilliant yeah as both as both parts
he's brilliant okay do you like animal
crossing no no I don't like animal
crossing hate it I remember playing it
when it first came out and just not
understanding what the fuck I was
supposed to be doing I was constantly
bored and then it's just like we'll come
back tomorrow and you can do a little
bit more and I was like ah what if I
don't want to come back tomorrow
well if you come back tomorrow maybe
you'll get a gift if you give people but
other presents is that fuck you
fuck you Animal Crossing never been a
fan
nice
damn
could you guys retro actively think of a
worse song to put the suicide squalor
Squad trailer - oh that was the other
news sorry to take your question and go
off on the thing did you heard about the
reshoots for suicides because of the
criticism of Batman vs Superman they are
now reshooting Suicide Squad to make it
funnier okay there so so you know they
think they think Donna justice is
perfectly fine movie nothing wrong with
Donna of Justice nothing wrong
everything but our plan is to to change
everything about our future movies sick
Nick bro no I do not like going to major
league baseball games I do not like
going to any sports events well I just
kind of like insert one-liners that
weren't there before how are they going
to accomplish this
do you remember remember the little
one-liners in in Batman vs Superman how
how that totally played well with the
rest of the movie how that was totally
felt like it was meant to be there
like when like when when Martha Kent was
like you must be friends with my son I
could talk us to the cave that was a fun
joke in the middle of a really fun scene
I am sobering every single is she with
you I mean I know I've issues with you I
know I've been the one talking with her
and I kind of invited her here but is
she with you huh no I think mr. Krantz
than that what's in grandma's little
solution oh no oh well the Batman said
no I thought she was with you but he
knew already that she wasn't with him he
knew already
honestly Jay Broudy I am not necessarily
excited for Dark Souls 3 as you as you
know I'm a big fan of blood-borne I was
a huge fan of XCOM I wasn't super hyped
before XCOM 2 came out right it became
your black hole is it still your black
hole or not you've gotten I've gotten
kicked my head I had a I had a commander
run where I lost nobody Soho that's
right that's right
so you've reached the zenith I'm sure
I'll go back to it at some point I'll
tackle the legendary but sure worldwide
that's 701 million
all right yeah we live in a weird world
and that's not not so well I mean
production budget advertisement I'm sure
it's not making a ton of mine and they
want and and more importantly it's a
movie starring two of arguably the most
recognizable characters in all of
fiction yeah it should be making more
money if it was even a halfway decent
movie it would be making money hand over
fist
whatever it makes it could have made a
lot more that's the thing and that's
what everyone I want to brothers is is
he's going through right now like man
why isn't this making money and and
here's the the sick thing is if you look
at all of Zack Snyder's movies past past
300 if you look at the Watchmen and if
you look at sucker punch and if you look
at Man of Steel his movies have the
exact same taper on strong opening
weekend and then harsh downturns because
of bad word of mouth and important and
it's like it's obviously Zack Snyder's
fault and for some reason Warner
Brothers just doesn't want to admit that
namely he must be under contract oh I
hate you I hate you I hate everything
it's quite possible that rich will play
the original XCOM on screen but you know
there's always new shit there's always
new shit and there's always f2 y'all oh
man that this encountered sucked I think
300 is fine I think it's my movie
because you know why it's not pretending
to be anything but a damn action I kind
of love the East or historical event
it's based on I know it was hyper style
sure but you know what the style worked
for the fight scenes were at the time
that style was novel
before that became do Zack Snyder's
garbage thing that style was interesting
and unique a novel the fighting was fun
was a dumb action movie it was naked
ladies in it how could you not like it
there's naked ladies and hot dudes all
over everybody loves it I don't think
there's anything wrong with three
you just made garbage movies afterwards
that's right taco salad Tuesday says I
remember when I saw three hundred and
out and I was like wow abs right she's
hot dudes everywhere three hundred is
silly three hundred is a silly action
movie and it's fun hyper violent fought
action sequences hot dudes I have really
sour feelings about the remake of Dawn
of the Dead because I remember seeing it
in the theater and enjoying fine movie I
know you don't like fast zombies but
Donovan said I really enjoyed watching
in the theaters and so my cousin and I
rented it when it came out on DVD and it
was the director's cut
we're like shit yeah more violence more
blood and Zack Snyder has this little
speech he gives before you watch the
movie and his speech was like I'm really
happy that my director's cut I got
released
I feel like this cut of the movie is a
much more personal film and it really
means a lot that I was allowed to
release you know my full vision yeah and
I want to say the only thing that
changed is there were some extra sexy
yeah
I'm like what a prick that's a that's
all I kept thinking is like what a dick
in Dems the brakes not as the broom I
don't know what's tell you jack
I don't know what tell you it just made
me it it made me look down on him as a
person and really that was what was more
personal to you
just some extra sex scenes Schneider was
the stunt cock I would believe it yeah
his Watchmen movie completely missed the
point of the Watchmen he's watching the
movie as shit
I know a lot of people say it's alright
yeah that's alright but it's like now if
you read the comic it's not alright I
really did not like his watching I
remember the hyper cool fight scenes in
Moline no of course yeah because that
the point is they're there they're
washed up superheroes there in the real
world this doesn't is the point right
right
some of it was kind of cool like you
know I like how they did roar Rorschach
I thought he looks cool but he's the
cool character the comic is just so
great and then like everything
everything memorable shot wise in the
Watchmen is just a direct rip from a
comic panel you know the only
interesting thing they did in a great
was a montage yeah was the the intro
montage which lasted three minutes and
then everything else was a complete rip
of the comic
that's the point
Watchmen rules fuck all of you listen
the you know obviously like any time you
have this argument everyone says the
book is better but but this this time
like not only is the better but the
movie misses the point of the story the
movie misses what makes those characters
interesting everything you're doing
everything oh sorry I know I've missed
some some tips sorry about that let's
see here
Neal Breen is the best says first time
I've been able to watch a stream well
I've loved you guys what do you think
about procedurally generated or crafting
heavy games like Minecraft some games
crafting he works like in started valley
crafting really fits with everything
you're doing I'm assuming minecraft much
the same way I'm eventually played
Michael but like if I'm crafting health
packs in an action game I just I just
find it an annoying block between me and
the action oh sure sure yeah and you
know what I I think I've seen procedural
generation done really well and I've
seen it done really poorly I've also
seen crafted levels done really well and
done really poorly you just have to know
your game
that's that's a really bad answer to
that I'm really sorry that there's no
more definite thing also your sub and
tip sounds are off I don't know I'm not
sure why I'm not sure why either
let's see here mr. buck mr. buckets 88
says hey Jack rich it's my birthday this
weekend and I'm allergic to beer any
recommendations for a good cocktail I
don't drink
rich what's your recommendation for a
good come on how about a Jones birthday
cake flavored soda ooh you know what
actually and you know if you if you want
to make a company just dump a little rum
in that birthday good cousin you know
rums a sweet liquor
get a little rum and birthday oh yeah
and I'm not a cocktail person I just I
stick with the basics Jack and Coke
that's usually my cocktail of choice
just a simple Jack Neil brains is Jack
when I watch rich playing FTL I like to
pretend he's a starship captain in the
Federation it's humorous because Picard
would never yell out I hate you I hate
everything listen rich would be the road
captain I've been a captain I like the
mercenary ship yeah criminals that are
stealing the artifacts and you know like
they have you know they're not
necessarily bad guys they have their own
moral code but you know Picard runs into
them and tries to set him straight maybe
he does maybe he does
anonymous says is it true that Suicide
Squad is part of the DC Universe if it
is do you find the DC Universe thing for
future movies pretty depressing
it sure is depressing because bet your
two most hopeful your most hopeful
character is depressing
yes your beacon of hope yes a beacon of
death is a glum emo motherfucker
selfish he's a selfish unlikable prick
and your contrast to that is a rich
unlikable prick so that's all you got I
just erased Batman's supposed to be a
prick right I do believe that suicide
squad is supposed to be canon DC
Cinematic Universe that means I believe
they have a sequence with Batman and
it's this supposed to be the same Batman
I don't know if it's a Flex what it's
the same costume so I do believe it is
supposed to be WB deserves to go
bankrupt for the whole Zack Snyder
business I I was really hoping that the
movie wouldn't do as well as it did
because I think it's bad
but who knows Anonymous wants you to
name all of your crew members Dylan nope
that's what we got Manny the bear King
says with the oculus and vive out her
vivre VI V sure do you guys have any
interest in allocating prereq funds to
one or both of these devices for
reviewing them you like you did the
steam controller we talked about it
and we're still discussing it it's the
big hot thing right now also we don't
give a fuck these are exactly where we
are because neither of us care about VR
it's kind of a big a fan ideas go oh
it's actually really different difficult
to program games for these yeah just
making a normal game or or they'll go
like make games with VR capabilities but
also non VR capabilities and those it's
all better how about I try to aim myself
I can't hit shit as it turns out I would
make a really really bad hero I guess
I'll just stick to playing game I keep
hitting my girlfriend in the face she's
just really mad at me she totally broke
up with me but I got my vivre still so
so so we're not worried it would be neat
for a flight to me could be though I'd
still want something tactile for the
fucking controls that's gonna be that's
one of the fatal flaws they interacting
with objects in the world you really
look like a go even there you'll be like
a ghost pretending you're interacting
with things
yeah I'm grabbing that flight stick
hahaha altameyer puts it very well he
says do you like game consoles try
putting one on your face like that
amazing well but that's that's our like
you know cuz obviously you know we want
to stay current with what's happening in
the gaming world
so we should buy a VR headset but also
we don't care so we shouldn't buy VR
headset that's exactly where we are and
we're still discussing it Sarah Sarah
Chan says obligatory tip of the day
thank you sir EJ you anonymous rich
finished preacher a few days ago and
awesome loved it
can you recommend anything with a
similar tone I don't really know
superhero century well good comments if
you want if you just want the dark humor
I don't have any of the religious
overtones but the same creative team
that did preacher Steve Dylan the artist
and Garth eNOS later yeah they had our
run on The Punisher which has that same
dark humor oh okay so you can check that
out one card lied Garth eNOS also did
porn yeah yeah this is not really like
preacher oh yeah no dark humor but I
just really like this that's just kind
of dark yeah right a bit with the
airplane when Steve bites it oh oh oh
yes so the same guys did a Punisher run
yeah you don't know the names just look
look at Steve Steve dilemma carnitas the
name is just that just punish your
volume whatever oh okay I'm with you
dan Talley on Huber they had her they
had a regular run on the book
it wasn't a miniseries Oh dandelion
Huber says birthday cake soda and rum
the official drink of prereq it's called
it's called the lol fuck my cocktail
made it work I like it made it work I
like it I like it I like it elegant and
we have lots of people saying Garth eNOS
Punisher is awesome
anonymous I see you oh you're also
looking at the Sandman mystery theatre
you're not gonna find like the humor in
Sandman mystery theatre I just think
it's a fucking good book if you don't
like superhero comics Sandman mystery
theatre is for you just a normal dude
just a normal dude really striking art
style two really good art style very
different
oh my god they have birthday cake vodka
you birthday cake soda and birthday cake
vodka would probably probably be
vomit-inducing too much cake too much
cake scar force oh one says eNOS did a
graphic novel called pride and joy it's
great okay there you go there you go
Darth anus Garth
eNOS not dark Darth anus would be the
worst set a theatre blue I actually just
played city of horror the other weekend
it's very interesting game is it the
board game oh the board game called city
of horror and it's about escaping a
zombie filled city okay but it only
consists of four terms Oh
okay and it's it's it's very interesting
you get randomly assigned survivors and
items and basically it's not so much
about the zombies I mean obviously there
are zombies that can hurt you but it's
more about bargaining with the people
around you for supplies yeah to fight
off the zombies and so like you have to
deal less with the zombies and more with
the other people you're playing with who
turn into dicks really fast just like
the zombie apocalypse it's like it's
it's just this game where like resources
are really scarce and you have to like
bargain with the randomly allocated
resources so your characters can live
and it we all we only played it a couple
times but it's a fun fun game
we also played the Marvel legendary
villains expansion for for the Marvel
Legends Largent legendary game you're
loving that fuckin love I'm gonna
fucking love it we lost we lost three
times in a row really that's good that's
good and it felt like they felt like
they were earning losses we screwed up
but the villains expansion you play as
the villains oh you have to fight the
heroes so it's kind of yeah it's fun
I like I like the heroes better just
because that's where my - that's just it
is time to stand up everybody stand up
we've been sitting for an hour let's
stand what what what
how do you want Elvis dance
I am I'm lunging right now big lunch
big lunch and the other light you can't
see but I'm big lunging
okay great
Oh God we got we got Pete we got p-pop
stoppers for our microphones and I'm
actually gonna take it off because it's
annoying me it's annoying me so I'm
gonna take it off again I try to take it
off I don't much care for it and I don't
think I really need it I don't think I
really need to be pop stoppers the be
pop stoppers mr. bucket 88 says it's
pronounced mr. bucket I probably should
have added that see anonymous says any
chance you guys will play day of the
tentacle remastered I don't personally
have much interest I don't like pointing
clicks rich does not like pointing place
Jack do you have any interest not I
played it a little bit of it once and I
got pretty bored yep I'm gonna say I
also don't like pointing flights in my
limited point-and-click adventure gaming
history which is very very little
I have not enjoyed myself
so probably not smelter wedge in all of
us says have you guys read the Marquis
buy guide Davis the Marquis the setting
is similar to blood-borne and the art is
fantastic
you know what smelter wedging all of us
I will add that to my reading list the
Marquis
oh that's right I forgot to look up that
Mike Mignola Batman Lovecraft
comics this is why I write things down
the Marquis by guy Davis guy Davis I'll
look into that
okay great great great great yeah I've
just never been a big fan of the point
clicks lately I've just been playing a
lot of salt and sanctuary been thinking
I'm making I've been thinking about
making a little video on it cuz there's
some things I want to say about it just
a little video of your oh there's a
little just a little Jack only video I
started writing up a script and then I
hated myself for it yeah maybe I'll just
talk it out and see what happens but
then it's like now I can't just talk it
out
that's what rich is for we talk we talk
it out together celebrate a script but
like I'm writing the script and I'm like
everything I'm saying is dumb son of a
bitch nice by the way nice one right I
was thinking about it cuz rich hasn't
been playing it and it's my kind of game
and I just have some things to say about
it
I think the things I have to say are
dumb but I might do it anyway
just to see if it works just to see if
it works
yes FTL rich really wants to win at FTL
before we play hyper light drifter
they have played enough where if I die
I'm not starting again okay great
are you looking forward to hyper light
drifter I am that has been on my on my
want on my check this game progress when
it comes out list for a while so I am
looking forward to let's see here turtle
the wise says I watch every movie that
comes out over the next four days that
must be tiring that's kind of tired so
over the next four days I'm going to
hardcore Henry midnight special
demolition and the boss any thoughts on
any of these John's I am very curious
about hardcore Henry
that's the first-person action movie
really it's a movie shot entirely in the
first rounds like a bad idea
yes it does that's why I'm really
curious about it
doesn't it sound a horrible yes it
sounds so horrible so that just makes me
want to see it very badly
is it gonna work is it not gonna work if
it doesn't work why not well because
it's shot entirely in the first-person
perspective but I kind of want to see it
fail you know so that yeah that one I
really want to see hardcore him it what
it looks like is someone saw like that
YouTube video that was shot in
first-person perspective that lasted a
minute and a half and said hey we can
make a whole movie out of that
we'll just strap a GoPro to someone's
home it'll be great it'll be great
a production budget will be two dollars
how do we make a movie that will
entertain the kids they like the video
games they like video games and YouTube
videos I got strap a girl pro -
someone's in great it'll be great
also the boss I am NOT I don't like that
lady who's the who's the larger lady
comedian she's she's in the new
Ghostbusters Melissa McCarthy is sure I
don't like her
yeah I don't find her funny I don't
think I've seen anything else she's been
in I don't think I've seen anything
she's been in ok so I don't find her
very funny save the engine you saved the
drum schematic or save ourselves you
could use another person on your ship
yeah really good
alright a keyboard you know oh yeah
oh wait what it says stream offline that
drew
no sister still I'm that's waited on you
know in chatty it said stream offline
chatty I don't know yeah I don't says
we're still streaming they would all be
saying you're not streaming you're
online you're screwed okay great
nevermind okay so uh alright alright
okay let's see here backspace backspace
backspace backspace
Neil brain is the best right is the
first subscriber I saw oh we need a
people picking app people thinking app I
think beefcake is working on some sort
of person randomizer that would be great
some sort of random I fit and enough
occasion if not beefcake you don't have
to work on it I just thought you want
your your watcher is worth its weight in
gold you should try to sell that to
other streamers you should because it's
amazing and it's a great app yep
okay let's see here skull skull Tula
house as first-person movie they need to
make a movie out of super hot super
super what you are not in control
super fuck you I'm not in control I'll
show you you stupid game actually yeah
they could probably do some really fun
probably not a movie but I'd love to see
a YouTube video that's an action
sequence in which time only moves when a
character you know like he looks around
well yeah that's why it's at a YouTube
video you make it a minnow YouTube video
maybe you make it a minute and a half
and you call it you call it super hot in
real life real life super hot and it
gets a million two million views sounds
dull 1 million 2 million views I hate it
let's go that's it's I'm sure it already
exists the weird accent kills me that's
how it sounds right you all right that's
how it sounds how it sounds it does
sound a little like Afrikaans or y'all
shop shop ordered shop
Melissa I just don't like her I just
don't think she's funny it's not like I
don't like her she might be a very nice
person I just don't find her that funny
you know who else I did not find very
funny Chris Barbic yeah I'll agree with
her that and I believe they have very
similar states except for van down by
the river was the only thing he ever did
that like taught a Tommy Boy
I thought there was enough narrative to
string together his lunacy Wow loud fat
man I get it I love that every day of my
life I don't need any more of it I'm
full there you go there you go I just
didn't yeah I def I didn't I never much
cared for him on SNL Tommy Boy I think
is brilliant and I love it but that's
about it
exactly I'm fat Dirk that was his that
was ich dich and he owned it you know
like he he committed a hundred and
twenty percent to every bit that he was
a part of and that's why he's well loved
and respected in the comedy world but
I'm yes I am actually comparing the
funniness of fat comedians that is what
I'm doing right now and I know you guys
are joking about me being sexist and not
liking Melissa McCarthy but i but I just
wanted to balance it out say here here
is a a larger female comedian here is a
larger mouth meaning I don't like both
of them because I believe that had the
same mistake I did he was still around
he would definitely be playing Rob for
the rest in peace he died yep crazy
Canadian crack smoking mayor died
probably did not help
and you know and I here's another thing
I have still not seen bridesmaids that
makes you a terrible person I hear it's
really really funny and she's in it
she's supposed to be very funny in it
but I never got around to seeing because
I don't want to care for Jack bounce it
out and now the scale is broken Oh fat
people joke and nailed it
Locke Castle hunkered down I'd like to
recommend a cup of green arrow he's
still lame Batman lock has honker done
says I'd like to recommend a couple
Green Arrow comics to show you that he's
much more than a low-rent bad okay lock
Castle hunker down obviously rich is
totally on board I will I will add one
of these so rich which one do you think
sounds the best the longbow hunters
hunters moon or here there be dragons
hunters hunters moon okay I am going to
add hunters mood Hunter's Moon unless a
lot Castle hundred hunker down I see you
in chat so if you have if there's just
one block Castle hunker down that you
think I should read because that's
probably all I'm gonna get two you get
one I'm watching I'm watching for your
answer
I didn't Kevin Smith screen every run
was interesting I read that and I did
read that it's interesting but I didn't
quite understand it there's a lot going
on there's a Green Lantern in it there's
like death and rebirth and there were
several different green arrows and I
didn't quite understand it start with
longbow hunters it's one of the most
famous if not the most famous Green
Arrow
okay I will add that to my reading list
right now green the most famous green
arrow story his lumber speed he was on
drugs was the sidekicks name speedy yeah
yeah that's the most famous Green Arrow
story that's everybody's read it every
single comic book has that like oh my
friend is addicted to drugs this is
every comic I'm saying that's the most
famous apparently it's longbow hunters
maybe that is the one for speeding
kisses that could be to crack that could
be speedy and Arsenal oh I did not see
the hand of fate to trailer I did it
read that they are making a hand of fate
to which is exciting
I enjoyed an to fate alright let's see
here like a flower sequel a flat-out
sequel not just an expansion it could be
good it was a it was a
it was a an India success yeah
found it found a home on Xbox one people
liked it people according to Robyn says
I'm celebrating my first ever book deal
we talked about oh sorry
go ahead go talk about how horrible a
name Xbox one is cuz I immediately
thought you were talking about the first
Xbox and why the hell did they release
that on the original Xbox ok that's fair
no that's fair
whoever named that thing should be fired
oh wait I think he did lose his job he
might have lost his job no but it's like
the one device we'll need the one place
to go for all your game was the one I
guess it does also sound like the number
one yeah it seems like a stupid thing to
do oh wait I'm totally fired now I do
like that you can call it the X bone I
enjoy that according to Robyn is
celebrating their first book deal
congratulations
accordian oh fuck I'm got fire first of
all like that's amazing that's great you
can get a whoo-whoo-whoo-whoo according
to Robyn let's see here how successful a
novelists do I need to be before I'm
cool enough to hang out with you guys
4 billion you need to send us a book and
we need to enjoy it
that's exactly to be successful we just
need to enjoy the thing you make that is
literally beefcake almost done with that
randomizer I thought you were working on
that Jack also if chatty has crapped out
it may mean watcher has crapped out as
well I was running it on my machine and
it looks like it stopped just a heads up
Janny is back homage it just for for
some reason chatty said the stream had
ended and actually rich is done with
this every time go home once you're done
with this fight i'll alt-tab and just
make sure that watcher is still up
- ah tree is still up still connected
okay great
remember when Jack was talking about
that guy's book deal I just did that I
thought that was amazing
someone someone was making it send us
send us a copy of your book run it's
done we might read it we might not but
we might
sherry star no I'm sorry we cannot
mirror the FaceCam so we are it looks
like we are looking at the screen I
don't believe that's something we can do
and if we can I don't know how this is
what you get this is what you get
big Jason says hey guys I got in the
mail yes guys I get it I got in the mail
yesterday a copyright certificate for
four of my dark art works being
copyrighted we're trying to get tea
shorts t-shirts and or posters made if
we manage to accomplish this would you
be interested in having me send you guys
a copy of your artwork or t-shirts I
love t-shirts and I'm always looking for
more t-shirts because I wear many
t-shirts and all of the shows that which
is so fucked if you feel like sending
t-shirts and large and I love t-shirts
mr. glitch we use OBS OBS the open
broadcaster software it is it is free to
use and once you figure it out it's a
really good piece of software we we did
donate we do give them money
you can donate so we didn't do that but
it is free to use and learn and it's
great OBS is great software
it was it was a little tricky in the
early days because you know it's it's
learning any new piece of software can
be tricky but but I like to be other
other streaming software seems ahead
like you know you needed to buy into
them or there's like a monthly fee and
we weren't sure how long we were gonna
be doing this and so to me that wasn't
worth it and now you know now we kind of
know the ins and outs of OBS and they're
constantly updating and making it better
and I really like it
verse three
fucking verse three Bernie it's not if
she's not good no it's B's shit you got
a verse to wonder what do you need verse
34 why don't I just disappointed that's
my phone yeah we can sell it you see it
for a second you think it's a burst the
200 sure sure I get you that charge
laser is pretty nice get the pews out
pretty fast no oh you know that's a
chain laser sorry that's it that's a
charge the charge laser sucks the chain
lasers still sucks oh I like the chain
laser cuz then you get a couple of them
going it should it never goes fast
enough
you thinking of the the the chain laser
where it shoots the big one the Gatling
there's a gambling this is a bigger one
oh it takes up for power oh I don't know
if that one's good I don't know if I've
ever got I like the chain laser we're
just kind of like they're never it's
never fast enough exponentially never
good enough no cos it Peaks and and it
takes it a while to get back to know
though it's terrible it's out of sync
with the time and all your other weapons
I hate it too many pupils too many pews
in Malaysia in matter of pews just not
an you know what it's just not enough
pews
you're gonna give me a thing that goes
pew pew pew pew pew pew pew not give you
if you if you if you peep you give you
what Tiberius Kirk what uh Craig ination
have you guys ever read the comic series
lock and key by Joe Hill if not highly
recommended anyways good work pray
through praise be to Breen yes a lot of
comic recommendations today guys lock
and key I've heard of that
dun added it to the list skull it's gold
chiller house how much money do we have
to crowdsource
to get a new game station 22.1 series
with Jack added as a Lando Calrissian
type character of dubious loyalties love
Mario Kart
not gonna happen I like I like the
conversations we have and you know we're
talking about like building more sets
and filming little skits it's like
probably
okay
as predator 17 18 it's the back story of
old gray back elder predators seen at
the end of predator food
I don't know if I can get into the
predator series I will look into that
predator 17 18
Tiberius Kirk I'm with you I was saying
that OBS lets you mirror flip the input
image go to device settings okay by the
time we do that it's like we're gonna be
on the next game anyway okay never good
no that's okay yeah I don't even give a
shit right now she's done fuck this game
just done kind of you just dunno I
didn't get it that they can get through
the shields so I can't use the laser
fuck it fuck it did we die then then we
die but we go with honor my crew wasn't
good enough
oh but you had Neal Breen he's not good
enough it's not good enough he's not
good enough
raah Vader lock-and-key was is written
by Joe Hill stephen king's son no so
it's overly verbose has a really really
shitty ending for the really shitty
ending he also wrote the novel they
turned into the movie horns among other
great horror novels horns is horns the
one with Daniel Radcliffe where he's
like a guy with horns
which sure why not rich doesn't know
lost in Technicolor have any of you guys
from rlm played geeks who drink
pub trivia I know there are some bars in
Milwaukee that host it you should check
it out if you've never played it it's
good fun we used to go out for trivia
nights and there in a long long time
I've not done that in a long long time I
think we just went to crappy bars though
but they're having to be bars that the
trivia was happening at
okay yes that was the Daniel Radcliffe
movie horns horns have you seen the
trailer for Daniel it makes me movie he
plays a farting corpse look and
literally like that's where the no soul
does is Daniel Radcliffe he's a farting
corpse cuz you know who don't give no
fucks Daniel Radcliffe he's Harry Potter
he's Harry Potter motherfucker man do
what he wants
yep he wants to be farting corpse it
could be a farting corpse he can afford
it whatever the fuck he was he's rest of
his life he spent his childhood making
movies now he gets to do whatever he
wants he's gonna be a farting corpse
he's appeared naked on stage in love
with a horse
fuck that run and now he's a fucking
corpse fuck that run very sorry hld
hyper light drifter I'm so excited
whoo it looks super I got her off the
GOG ooh
copyright-free nice drm-free drm-free
sure my game I can do what I want with
it
pristine hyper light drifter
