Episode 549
Hyper Light Playay (Hyper Light Drifter(Part 2))
June 6, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bxL6ObI0wm0
___________________________________________

so he's wasted in the movies he's wasted
in the movie but he was the bit of
potential but the movie had I lost
enough health I didn't care I liked the
little death there's like that freeze
frame when you die and it turns already
I like that I love the way this controls
I like the confidence all just wants it
to but wants to be too difficult we're
the difficult game right and that's kind
of annoying this is gonna be really fun
well that's that's kind of what I was
saying earlier where it's like I I'm
feeling frustrated I'm feeling
frustrated and I'm not necessarily sure
it's my fault yeah I mean it is cuz I
just don't know the game that well yeah
but yeah it just seems a hair too
difficult but that could just be me I'm
not in it yet
also Natalie Portman is super pretty
that's true but we don't get to really
see her be super pretty in the Phantom
Menace I think we have to wait until the
second one when she's in the little
outfit I mean you get to see the
mid-drift
okay just coming just tell me do it do
it do it do it do it
give me that we do have to get good
you're right we need to get good part of
this is absolutely on us and this might
be a to heart of dungeon but it feels
like we should be able to do it really
you can beat this guy you should be able
to beat this guy without getting hit you
know and then you have a chance I feel
well Gus Baker I I see what you're
saying previously recorded confused why
you can't start out playing level three
of a game but here's the thing about a
game like this and about the original
Zelda
right if this is heavily inspired by
Zelda is you could play any dungeon at
any time some were more difficult how am
I supposed to know this is level three
exactly and any level should be beatable
right it's just a little more a little
more difficult so we should be able to
beat this Oh
memorizing spawn points don't forget
about your gun
wendy'll yeah you gotta heal you you
stop when you heal mm-hmm yeah they're
smart about when you heal Jack I know I
know
I don't so you know I got to get used to
aiming yeah okay again I got again I get
again good night Craig nation thanks for
coming out Ami's easier said than done
easier said than done can't hit a thing
that's moving there are parts in North
that are harder than parts of East oh
well we're in East come on
nice economy ice keep moving
yeah trying to pep you up here
what's the difference between up a
frustratingly difficult game and a
satisfactorily difficult game what is
the what is the difference maker Ryan
it's all just feeling it has to feel
like it's your fault right if only I did
better and I don't I don't know if
there's any way to quantify that cuz
obviously it's right if you could
quantify it everyone would be doing it
correctly
nice you're getting a nice pattern here
and I think part of it you know like
part of it with with blood-borne and
this is more just talking to Chad than
than anyone okay look is that it yeah oh
nice
nicely done right yeah nice I'd have
more health in a health pack well that's
true but you made it yeah but look how
unhappy you are defeating that because
it costs so much right it that was not a
satisfying victory because it cost me so
much health right well that's it this is
this is what's up until the end where I
started getting mauled it was very
satisfying
did I miss something where are we going
up now oh I must have missed something
it's it's it's really possible oh the
dog but anyways as I was saying with
with something like blood-borne I know
hopefully he's a friend yeah so one guy
it's mister put stuff on your map oh
good old mister put stuff on your map
thanks guy so are we friends blood-borne
it has a way of making you kind of like
slow down Oh
it's gotta be way down there and take
your time during fights the blood ball
oh can you pay it on deck but maybe just
because the art style this feels like it
should just be a hack and slash or you
know put stuff on your map teleport back
to the first dungeon you can there's a
teleporter around here you can you can
do that have we confirmed that there's
an order to do these things that's what
everyone seems to be saying except we're
gonna find a health pack but you know
what you made it through isn't that all
that matters you made it through rich
that's all that matters how do we
teleport you need to be on a teleporter
I need to be on a teleport you need to
be on a teleporter and then oh oh wait
are you going that you can just teleport
what what kind of bullshit is that you
have a magical power to teleport
whenever you want to the teleport stone
I thought you had to be on a different
teleporter and then you could teleport
well fuck I think the dungeons to the
left what was that bullshit or maybe is
that a dungeon I don't know I don't know
what any of this shit is I have no I
know I know I'm trying to do this I got
one fucking health a hunchback Jack this
is this is not at all like Titan Souls
it is because there are pixels it's
pixel art and it's a top-down
perspective or you know isometric or
however you want to call whatever you
want to call this perspective
Titan Souls has a very specific rule set
to the game where you only fight boss
monsters you only get one arrow and it
only takes one
to kill the boss monsoon you just have
to figure out how to hit it to once and
Titan Souls is a lot of emptiness and a
lot of walking around and then one boss
monster oh that's what I missed before
gotcha
this is this is just more of an action
game obviously you see little minions
here you get a Ford come on rich be a
man something fell off the roof no I'm
fine with that
Bango oh we got two little things if we
get another yellow thing we can upgrade
something so it might look similar to
Titan Souls but it does not play
anything like Titan Souls
I watched you place Titan Souls this
looks completely different maybe no
gameplay wise yes gameplay it is
completely different visuals I could see
someone mistaking this for Titan souls
button no Titan souls didn't suck so
hard it it got old I never finished it
because it got old but I like the
premise and I think there was there was
some fun to be had in there it was a
little too far and in between as far as
boss fights went and I got lost a lot no
it didn't suck it didn't suck terribly
hard I wouldn't even say it sucked
it was just alright
no shit
Oh show they got me the first time I did
this - no dude that's great or just run
away you could do that - hey whatever
works yeah judge me I'm judging I am
judging
slain Jack and rich isn't it bullshit
that they're now milking the Jurassic
Park franchise now the Jurassic world
may - it's out of cash I personally hate
it to pieces how are they milk again
what happened what happened what
happened are they making another movie
or of course they're making another
movie I don't see how that's milking
that's every sequel ever made yes yeah
no I mean you know obviously I thought
the movie was really bad I think a lot
of people did good hold it against them
I keep wanting to aim with the other
stick mad nigga agreed I have not played
unmechanical
Richard we play to unmechanical a third
person puzzle game yep nope look at that
thing that's me
oh look at that thing I love the like
the birds in the hoodie that's a fun
book rich have you tried XCOM - with the
steam controller yet no why would I
I like my mouse there you go hey that's
sissies look if I made it that would
have been awesome uh you know what I
don't listen to any podcasts usually a
lot of my work now you know actually it
involves like editing our like
previously recorded episode and a lot of
audio editing so I don't get to listen
to much podcasts unfortunately I used to
listen to podcast and I enjoyed them
when I had more just visual editing
stuff to do but are there any good or
fun like ghost or UFO podcast a ghost or
UFO podcast nuts are always fun I think
no i i i i cannot support any of that
bullshit and i'm saying it's fun not
even jokingly not even in fun isil of
our adult yeah oh yeah
I know
while playing stardew valley i did
listen to some audio books
well that's sniping boom fucking sniping
Shaboom they're saying a.m. coast to
coast yep that's it
oh hey I don't like the current host
okay that used to be our bail show oh
okay okay was it George nor'easter
boring piece of shit put me to sleep but
uh so I'm looking forward to getting
into audiobooks again but I just I edit
too much audio Jesus dog I really
enjoyed my audiobook experience while
playing stardew valley so I'm hoping to
play to listen to more audiobooks that
was satisfying that was all done on one
health yeah you healed up no no I cannot
you cannot know there's a thing I'm
gonna guess it's gonna make the things
home oh whoa see he'll help me at all
now what he kills to Jay
Oh so I think rich would enjoy one punch
man no no I do not oh really good all
that shit fuck you game one punch man is
really cute but I think it also relies
on some sort of previous knowledge of
kind of anime tropes that uh that kind
of make the jokes work I really enjoyed
it I think it ended I'm kind of a
whimper and I thought I think we've
talked about one punch man and you know
like there was a little too much egotism
in the writer present but uh I thought
it was cute
did you upgrade your healing or
something no almost from 1 to 4
yeah or 1 to 5 so heels all the way I
didn't really hilt 3 for some reason I
know why about that but I thought that
or maybe it heals for yeah I guess that
makes sense I guess that makes sense or
whatever oh yeah I know knowing riches
you know general like ambivalence
towards animate you know it probably
would not be his thing
yeah now we're talking health when and
one was health pack yeah yeah one punch
man ended like that so they can sell
more products right and you know what
you can tell I don't care how did they
end one punch man almost exactly where
they began one punch man oh it's another
Cajun
well one punch man is is the sort of a
superhero who's so powerful he can
defeat any he can defeat any monster
with literally one punch and all he
cares about he doesn't care about being
a hero or being famous he just wants a
good fight okay that's the only thing
he's worried about he just happens to
like you know save the city while
looking for a good fight he never gets
one and he never gets one and it ends
with like I'm a super alien invasion and
the alien invader is incredibly powerful
and taking out the the city strongest
heroes and he's fighting and you think
it's a good fight and at the end you
discover that he's been holding back the
whole time really that his full power
and you know he was had he was having a
little bit of fun but it wasn't the
fight he was looking for it's like oh I
guess this season meant nothing then
that's great
right like I get how TV works how you
have to keep things moving but I also
like I like the idea of a story a
seasonal story arc give me give me
something in a season go go from point A
to point B in a season you can keep
moving after that but give me a story
arc this game could have at least saved
after the fucking fight before the
mashers it's got a hard-on for difficult
yeah yeah I've been noticing that's my
number one complaint so far yes rich
knows he has a heel I want to hold out
of those health packs no greedy yeah no
you know what I and I don't want to come
across too negative I liked a lot of one
punch man a lot of it's really fun just
the character overall being a big goof
is really fun sak dama now whatever his
name is the fact that he doesn't have a
superhero name yeah and like they're
just you know like everyone else is like
Tiger Claw ultimate ninja and he's just
like my name is Saitama like that is his
name his name is and they're like oh
well what is what is your hero name and
he's like nothing it's fun oh the real
van says Jackie if you like story arcs
you should really watch Babylon 5 know
what it looks bad it looks cheap
it looked cheap yes I gave the pilot a
shot it did not did not claw its way
into my soul yeah yeah listen I
understand that it's an adaptation of a
manga that's still ongoing it's still an
adaptation and it's a different medium
and you you know give me I want a story
arc I want a story arc in the season
that's what I want it's a television
show now you have to you have to work in
the medium you are given Babylon 5 is
written by J michael Straczynski the
writer of one more day I think I think
that was though one more day was joe
cassano spring shot let's give credit
words really doing because then that
reaches some shitty ass editorial
influence yes that came down from above
absolutely actually didn't Jay mez I
asked for his name to be taken off at I
think that was for other reasons though
all right that was that wasn't
necessarily for the for the crappy story
previous uber that's not the way most
animes work or give them a usual table
animal well listen this is why I'm not
terribly terribly Indiana me I like
anime I like a lot of anime I enjoy the
I enjoy the imagination you know I like
the idea of just like let's see what
weird shit we can come up with but I
also really like a complete story
I have not seen Full Metal Alchemist
I didn't like the art style so I never
want to do is animate know that that our
style print is a particular kind of like
cartoony anime and I know that's that
sounds that sounds dumb that sounds dumb
and and I'll agree with you but it that
I just didn't like I didn't like the way
they drew the characters which I'm
sticking with Jack would you like
paranoia agent only 12 episodes and it's
a mindfuck wat oh no we've gotten it I'm
so sorry to talk about anime for this
long we've been talking about it for a
while alright
now back to the choppers for all this
shit just get back to the choppers yep
Firefly didn't have a complete oh Jesus
rich Firefly didn't have a complete
story what it had was complete
characters
time to stand up time to stand up
everybody stand up stretch out them legs
oh you landed I'm one of his allies it's
great yeah apparently he can great well
I know rich can tell you the worst comic
book story line he's ever read I'll give
you a hint it has to do with spider-man
selling as though the devil I never
actually read that before him oh shit
the Clone Saga is shit agree the story
right before the Clone Saga but the
parents coming back and the chameleon
was shit no the the goblin babies were
shed there's a lot of shit storylines
it's hard to narrow it down
you did only fucking cowboy Jesus you
did it rich just amazed it just jism
aged crisp whoa whoa all right you
figure it out
nice not really nice you did it you did
not die rich lucky ash shit you did not
die you know to me it's not someone very
very kindly donated to me a Wonder Woman
comic book it was very incredibly nice
of them they are a fan of Wonder Woman
and they gave me a trade of a Wonder
Woman and I really didn't like it and I
didn't understand necessarily what was
going on I thought the story was kind of
weak and I'm not gonna say that was the
worst comic story I've ever read but it
just kind of cemented my disinterest in
Wonder Woman I just I just don't
understand her thing I don't get it
don't get down you know I I like my
heroes to be relatable and and I find it
I find Wonder Woman is not relatable to
me in any fashion ooh we could have also
gotten down with the sickness that is
true that is true yeah by the way we did
it I like jungle boogie better but we
also could have gotten down with the
sickness there's basically there's a lot
of things to get down to or with or from
what isn't relatable about having a
magic lasso and invisible jet well and
there's so much more to her where it's
just like you know her the fighting gods
and her Amazonian thing and family shit
and it's just like there's just so much
that I I can't understand and get down
with sickness wise or other
okay you can just do that free thing
really free things look at that birds in
their hoodies and they go what would oh
shit man they were dancing they were in
the club okay nice take them up take
them up this is kind of insane right now
a little bit
boy first try yeah yeah cost me a lot of
help of course
rich wouldn't like OPM one punch man
it's a shounen anime anime for teens and
tweens bitter old men need to move on to
simon cape comics are basically Shonen
vertigo stuff would be signing jiggle
ala jyggalag 35 you hit the nail on the
head does it matter
no the answer is no what type of a thing
a teleport there and I want to teleport
back Oh
use your head jack use your head
oh wait can you upgrade something did
you get enough metal things okay okay no
I didn't I just did nothing
you said you sounded very excited well
cuz you could upgrade a thing and then
you could almost like whoa what thinking
again just something else over here I
like using one you can get I like when
you get treasures I'll let you get the
treasure you know treasures you seem so
excited about well no I want you to get
a treasure I just want I want us to
accomplish something it feels like we
haven't accomplished we did we hit a
button we got through that dungeon and
we hit a button yeah all that well huh
there you go I don't know what that
button does because this game doesn't
want to tell me anything it wants to be
super crippling that oh yeah yeah
yeah it really wants to be cryptic it
does it wants to be very cryptic because
it like Dark Soul foam it like Dark
Souls a lot Dark Souls is cryptic yep
did you know that I did know that about
Dark Souls let's see here what do you
think Batman Beyond would work as a
live-action adaptation uh why'd you why
would it need to be live-action in the
cartoon good is the cartoon not good
enough I think the cartoons pretty good
you know Batman Beyond is tricky you're
dealing with a lot of effects you're
dealing with a lot of wouldn't make as
much money as he cheaper to make regular
Batman movie right well you didn't have
to worry about all the sci-fi elements
what would it be considerably more
expensive for the effects yeah Iron
Man's pretty cheap actually it might be
it might be cheaper because you'd need
less actual days with the actors yeah
that's how they got Downey jr. an Iron
Man so cheap oh is because anything in
the suit you know like he doesn't have
to film that the question is would a
general audience be okay with the sci-fi
Batman no no you know you there's
there's good stories in there obviously
but you first you need to establish a
Batman in a Cinematic Universe which
isn't happening yet and then you need
audiences to accept a sci-fi Batman
which is gonna be a lot harder general
audiences
lots of hidden stuff yeah we got three
of those things though it's not for an
upgrade oh nice
then you can get it threader you can get
whatever you want then you can take the
reins yeah feather
yes Robert Downey jr. is the most
expensive Marvel Universe cast member as
he should be as he made that Marvel
Universe yeah but also he does not need
to be there
nearly as often as the rest of the cast
because any action sequence is CG get
over here you croak next prereq will
probably be out realistically early next
week it's a good conversation and but
you know it's a long conversation we
talked for a while it's kind of sort of
hidden over here right why put the thing
there there's a reason that thing is
there
mark my words Jack oh it's you're right
I should have said tomorrow
you know it's it's it's it's not a we
don't control how long the episode is
it's how much we have to say about a
game there just wasn't that much to say
about supa Huff or fire watch so they
were shorter episodes
stardew valley there's a lot to talk
about lot to take in
I mean yeah we would love to do more
first four hours of I enjoyed that
they are generally easy to produce but
Dragon's Dogma was almost a first former
self that was supposed to be a first
four hours I mean we got too into it no
more saying yeah dammit this whole
fucking section whole fuckin section is
supertruck the one where you jump on top
of trucks is that the fuck you talking
about there's a game that I keep seeing
like animated gifts of and the whole
point of it is there's like a row of
semi trucks on a highway and you have to
jump from one truck to the other in like
a race it looks awesome
I don't know if that's what super truck
is someone is asking if we've heard of
it I'm concerned the answer is no I have
not heard of it okay
you know I I would like oh that's
cluster truck there's a game cluster
truck that's being made it looks really
fun I would have much more positive
feelings about super hot if you could
immediately bypass the story mode yeah I
I came I came out of playing super hot
really negatively because of the story
mode but if I could have just played
arena mode I think I would have really
liked the bullshit story really dragged
me down and you have to play through it
in order to get to arena mode this
bullshit story that relatively speaking
doesn't take a bit much time no it took
up enough time to piss me off I was
annoyed when it was going on yeah yeah
yeah that much of it for how bad it was
there was too much of it and that's all
I'm saying if I could have like like
taking a break from the story mode and
just done to some arena stuff I've been
so into that
just let me do arena stuff from the
beginning probably should have done that
yeah yeah
say a dead weight is a dead weight the
bullshit story was five hours the
bullshit story took five hours to
complete and it was bullshit the arena
stuff is fun sure but after five hours
of bullshit I wasn't in the mood that's
it or that's it we will just have you
seen any more of daredevil season oh no
really we have to wait until rich
watches it before we can discuss
daredevil season two and I kind of want
to re-watch it the moral of the story is
Electress kind of weak but overall it's
really good
oh I'm like an electro so far yeah
The Punisher is great that's the real
takeaway John Barrowman
feel like that's incorrect John
Barrowman
I feel like that's correct do you think
I think John Barrowman is Captain Jack
and Doctor Who Doctor Who doctor
wot yeah I got shot the head bombs just
standing Baron Thal John Baron Thal is
the Punisher and he's great as the
Punisher and I feel like there's a lot
to talk about in daredevil season 2 well
right we'll wait until rich sees it and
then we'll be plenty past spoiler time
drew Barrymore but for now I mean
overall I liked it
a little Usos do you like the first or
second season better second so far I
like it better because the kingpin
didn't do it for me oh right right I
think I think the first season I feel
like the first season for me was more
intense but I'm liking
I'm liking bits of the second season
mark but the first season was more
exciting to watch
atomic mousetrap says as a reloj is a
great writer but Wonder Woman is a
difficult character to get people to
care about I might send more comics in
the future either way thank you and and
she's supposedly the third most
prominent DC superhero I stand by what I
said but I said DC has Labor characters
I mean there's just one of the big three
and you're telling me that she's a hard
character to make people care about yes
yeah the big three the third wheel on
the big three only because she's only
the third wheel because she had a TV
show
this is my thing I want I want to
understand why it is people like her and
I just don't get it
I got crow faced yeah
hatred mr. crow man Linda Carter for the
one you know
it's it's all it's all fine I don't get
it
I don't get the Wonder Woman maybe it is
not for me to get but you know if if
there's a good trade out there send it
to me I'm still waiting for someone to
tell me a good flash trade that's what
we wanted to know who last week was
named a good flash to her and no one was
able to tell us anywhere one good flash
story that's all maybe it's like
spider-man
I wouldn't say there's a good spider-man
story but there's a lot of soap opera
kind of running things I bet you could I
bet you could point to a - like one
graphic novel and say hey here's a great
spider-man our story like I have amazing
the best thing I've ever read I don't
think it exists I'd have to dig through
my graphic novels okay just just
something - something something
comparable to the Dark Knight Returns or
Batman your one or any of you any of
your classic Batman stories no and I'm
not even asking for that I'm just asking
for like what's what's something I can
read where I'm talking about I'm talking
about spider-man is there a spider-man
story that rivals either The Dark Knight
Returns or year one year one's pretty
good
your one's really good your one's really
good yet I enjoy spider-man more just
cuz I love the character the characters
go here sure
what's my good Batman stories
Oh offensive not I have to - keep
expecting I can get away with walking
across but I can't the flashpoint
paradox that's why you guys keep saying
and then more of a DC universe story I
thought that was a crossover event guess
I'm wrong about that if it's if it's
prominent flash and it shows him in a
good light
that's all I care about make me care
about the flash I mean I do because of
the TV show because that Barry Allen's
adorable terrible health kind of upgrade
your shit all right what that what that
who did
I'd be happier if I could dodge through
things yeah that's something I was
noticing is you cannot do that flash is
the mad max of flashing light paradox
all right I really liked blood will run
the flash fights against the SuperSpeed
cult and it's where cicada first
appeared just flash you have good
battles against anybody who doesn't have
super speed is that even possible
probably probably not
that sounds interesting a cult I like a
cult where did that go
blood will run flash blood will run I
will look down so many comics to read
like a name who's a more interesting
character Quicksilver or flash neither I
don't care about speedsters and you know
it depends on what universe quick
Quicksilver being the the son of magneto
who was a villain who turned good has an
interesting character he grew up taught
he was born taught and raised to be a
villain and he turned into a good guy
okay that's that's a turn has there ever
been a character who's had super speed
but not the reflexes to go with it you
can just I can run really fast I can't
move a bruise anonymous says Jack if you
want to get back into audio books try
the DC and Marvel adaptations from
graphic audio they are full cast
productions with sound effects and music
even have a good flash story stop-motion
I don't know if I can get down with
audio plays that might be too much but
they play be easier than a book oh I
like a book I like someone telling me a
story an audio like a radio plane that
might be hard to adjust on in a we're
never like a male narrator is written
like female or vice versa
people telling a story actually I found
it really um I found it really upsetting
I was listening to Dirk gently's
holistic detective agency and there was
a part in the book where someone was
leaving a message on an answering
machine and all of a sudden the author
stopped reading and it sounded like he
was coming through an answering machine
and it really took me out of it because
you know he was reading the whole story
before that and like this one heart had
an audio effect and it was really
upsetting if there was a speedster
without speed reflexes he died a very
ignominy death very early on in his
career yes I don't know what ignominy
means but I'm gonna use context clues no
I hate space stuff I hate space rats
comic books I hate space in comic books
I don't care again like in superhero
comic books yeah I don't give a fuck
about space encounter again I want it to
be relatable to me
fans like all that fan of stuff I
blanked out for I don't care it's a
properly positioned I want little little
heroes and little villains fighting I
want street-level stuff
oh I like that
sham kid sama and his name was this a
speedster without speed reflexes like it
they call me skidmark
guardians of the galaxy movie I thought
overall it was alright not my favorite
it was really fun it has a I'm thinking
about it more okay one of the problems I
have but it's movie logic I get it then
come friends relatively quick they
become best friends but it happens with
a lot of characters in a lot of movies
so okay but I despise the ending it's so
just stupid everything about it they're
clever plan is just to crash into the
other ship and shoot things that's the
clever plan but make sense for their
characters I was hoping for something
smart yeah for the infiltration and then
the the power of friendship just made me
gag power friendship other than that fun
movie fun characters but my biggest
problem was it was a I don't know if I
want to call it a pacing problems the
movie had a ton of payoffs with no setup
and it had a ton of tell don't show
which was really upsetting coming from
Tim Gunn who is a good filmmaker I think
but so many times did they just kind of
explain what was happening instead of
showing what was happening so it it's
not my favorite but it's I think it's
fun fun enough they have to die
oh fuck I'm not done Tim what did I say
Jessa Jim gun Tim Gunn James gun James
gun who's Tim go
probably nobody you made him up in your
brain I made him up in my brain my brain
is broken a little bit my brain is a
little broken it's just you know there
were so many parts of that movie that I
kind of like that cringed at but it was
like just didn't oh shit oh shit that
just didn't work for me like that part
when they're in the angel skull which is
a beautiful visual and they they're
they're trying to forget what they're
doing but they get in though the mining
things right and and they're like oh
these things don't have any guns on them
and and star-lords like these are mining
vessels they're nearly impenetrable oh
okay it's like that that's something
that could have been set up earlier and
then we we got to like if it was set up
that they were impenetrable and then we
got to see them being used pay off with
a set of pay off would be nice instead
it's like okay here's how the thing
works let's do the work the thing
overall kind of man I hate the gun Scott
black you I just explained something
that did not have a proper set up and
was paid off it was fine like it's a
it's a fine movie I'm not I'm not saying
it's a bad movie I'm just saying it's
kind of matter
but do I think the force awakens is
better than guardians they're different
movies guardians is they're different
movies
guardians is going for a looser funnier
thing I put them in about the same plane
Guardians would win hands down if I
liked the ending yeah it's like
guardians is an enjoyable movie yeah
it's not my favorite not a great movie
just enjoyable definitely enjoyable you
know I also didn't like like all their
speeches everyone gave us gave like a
this is my backstory speech it's like do
we really need that like specifically
with rocket we didn't know any of these
characters we kind of dig what I'm
saying is we kind of dead what I'm
saying is it was there a better way to
do that beyond them giving a speech the
answer is yes
specifically I'm thinking of Rocket
Raccoon it was great
well here's what I'm saying rocket we in
the prison scene he's getting undressed
and we see like all of his like body
mutations right and I think it's pretty
reasonable to guess and and we get the
the space guy saying oh he was a he was
a used for illegal animal testing right
and then we see how the horrible stuff
happened to his body and then we get a
scene later on where we already know
horrible stuff happened to his body and
that informs his character and he goes
on a big speech talking about the
horrible stuff that happened to his body
and why that informs his character I'm
saying that's unnecessary
doesn't make it a bad movie just you
know that's a little bit of
characterization that we didn't need him
to over explain because we already
figured it out through visuals
it humanizes him we didn't need it we
already knew it we already knew what was
going on this chaos jack-jack triggered
Rory says Jackie you are nitpicking I am
giving a specific example of them
telling and not showing or in this case
telling and showing I'm trying to give
you specific examples of why I feel the
way I feel I'm nitpicking sure these are
just two examples of things that uh that
I thought were handled poorly sloppily
right I loved his animation when he
pulls up the fan one not a good
animation yeah hungry alright yeah no
yeah I'm good you don't want to buy your
thing you can buy a thing I know I have
gotten completely movi drunk and that's
why rocket did that I get it filmmaking
wise I yeah these are the things that's
supposedly we can't get to yet are so
ripped and told I don't know I know
approximately jack shit great that's
exactly what what I know
Jax was great Jax was great in the movie
I like whoever that actor wrestler was
who played him I loved his bit of not
understanding phrases that was great
everyone was great it was just you know
just some little nitpicky things that
guy that's fine it's fine movie Batista
that's his name that's the wrestler name
but these da who got upgrades yeah one
more ammo and what worse more width more
Splash Damage I really like green woman
yeah green woman is good bomb guy you
know the the the villain was was kind of
it was very first Wiggins also takes it
home with the villains yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah Kyla runs great
Callan kylo Ren is great the first order
is fun we do get the what are they
called
what what's the the bandits the thieves
I don't recall the names Marauders
Marauders we get the Marauders who are
who are fantastic I don't know what you
can get this is a speed upgrade or you
can get a Ford upgrade what do you want
Peter thorn I don't know this makes you
speed more let's chat thing oh oh that
looks like a shield thing yeah and
there's a dash for the sword so shield
the thing would be nice that would that
would take care of your main complaint
yeah with dashing the the sword upgrade
there was one where you could deflect
bullets with your sword well you know
bullets bullets leave those Ravagers
something double teleport is better get
reflect or super - is what they're
saying
which is super - where are the Marauders
I assume that super - cuz you - many
times
what's the bottom one yeah - Thord yeah
yeah okay so that could be fun - -
shield seems to be the way to go because
then it protects just free bullets
though and I mean we're running into
monsters hang on sir chat likes this why
cuz I don't give a shit
oh yeah oh yeah you did it feels the
same I think you like to do it at the
end of it
the new order is under control of ginger
Hitler yeah sure why not
ginger Hitler it's great space fascist
it's fun
you think space fascists are fun
well they're fun enemy they sure make
you want to fight him how about a Q&A; to
end the stream tonight what do you think
we've been doing the whole night this is
the whole point of the chat colonel rich
mustard I think he correctly senses the
end of things though yep yeah getting a
little tired a hyper light drifter Mary
I don't know my first impressions of
this game are not strong I know well the
first first impressions oh this is neat
sure we're like the sword I like the
animation yeah yeah art style very
striking weeds a little action yeah yeah
I'm not hating it yeah I think it and I
think it's I think it's trying too hard
to be a difficult game if it is dub
probably be more fun now that you have
super - do you think you can kill that
dear no you can try you probably need
the super sword - to kill the deer you
kind of can't kill the deer you failed
to kill the deer
no my kids have not watched the original
Jurassic Park they be frightened yes
they would be very frightened I would
love for them to see the original
Jurassic Park but I think they're just a
liter too young yet jakub's you have to
hold back a bit for the for the older
one just give the younger one time to
catch up yeah that sucks
sucks to be your oldest well you know
you he hates his little brother can't
watch Jurassic Park cause his younger
brother can't handle he's still not okay
shit it would be different if he was old
enough to see he's still not quite over
I'm giving you shit oh yeah I know I'm
sure they'll come a point where we're
yeah there's something he can't do
because also the little ones there but
mm-hmm someday will you take them aside
though away from the littler one say
this is oh yeah we can't tell your
little brother about this one this is
Robocop and it's awesome mmm yeah pretty
much
yeah yeah yeah like I don't want to add
enough ponies that we're disappointed
underwhelmed I'm underwhelmed so far by
hyper light drifter it's the the combat
specifically is not what I was expecting
it's trying too hard to be to be what's
the word I'm looking for
balls difficult yeah
you feel like you can watch a dress
apart at age five blow tractor I don't
know five s young I think dressing
Jurassic Park is like a like a tenant up
right it's fine it's fine
fella fine it's fine it's all fine when
do when do my kids get to watch space
cop never they never get to watch I
don't think I could have watched him so
it was brand-new though well said 87 or
86 I wasn't a stranger to violence as a
child but I loved it right scroll up
roll up
what are you doing you need to go up
you're going sideways you're going into
different territories that aren't what
we need I can't I can't do this with the
mouse I can't do this with the keyboard
no no you can't do it with a keyboard
why I'm telling you to use the mouse you
don't have a mouse that's Ryu I don't
have a mouse on me okay there we go
solo five six seven on kool-aid man 18
months in a row leftover beef
17 months in a row Louisville tell John
kilo 323 fucking months in a row because
movie
humberto Cabbage Patch 15 months in a
row
Lord Belmont 13 months in a row
Neil Breen welcome lost in Technicolor
21 fucking months in a row Mert madryn
sir argon noble gas hair hair that sue
hair texture 15 month in area me all 18
months in Iran now don't you know I
don't know what I'm doing Neil Breen is
the best welcome smelter wedge in all of
us 19 months in a row hello gorath or
haploreg Rath black Phoenix nest
Plymouth's 12 months in a row crack o
king king Lama one
grand moff kelly 17 months in a row
sure now 12 months in a row epic he big
dumb idiot I like that because he
thought it was the name we know 16
months in a row doctor so an ace 12
months in a row hometown markup 20
fucking months in a row as Mike 15
months in a row Jimmy o the jam 14
months in a row you can say and first
one oh sure yeah no now we're just kind
of left hanging
well we appreciate all of your
subscribers and all of you new
subscribers all the old sky and everyone
who just
