Episode 554
Guns don't kill people, bullets do! (Part 2)
June 10, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_gkwBkRlrw0
___________________________________________

you can't afford that I'm not even gonna
come close so well you you're good you
can just don't buy anything else don't
buy enough shit no shit you might be you
might come close I've had a couple runs
we're live only got 18 look at Oh
oh it's not gonna happen I'm not gonna
happen I've had some runs where after
the first floor I've had over $100 it's
not gonna have this time no not gonna
happen this time but yeah that proton
pack god damn it god damn it's a really
fun weapon right yeah yeah I saw
somebody use it on YouTube it looks
great Oh was there a slime monster in
that in that story hold on we'll go back
to the store once we're just outta here
and what's this about slime monsters was
that oh sorry no that's me I changed it
I wanted an experiment using the trigger
like it's all on me was there slime
monster do you have anything to sell to
the slime monster you could drop your
ammo reload but I mean it probably won't
give you enough no probably almost
certainly moment can I get rid of it I
can't get rid of items
no you cannot get rid of pass away but
you could drop your your ammo reload I
won't get enough
I need probably got some fish probably
not sort of a bitch
what your abaca fish that doesn't make
any sense what's going on now
I don't know I'm currently working on on
a new commercial video and we shot some
stuff and it didn't turn out and so
we're completely retooling the idea
which is it's not as fun and exciting as
you think it would be but we're working
on it
I will let you know when it's done god
damn it come on rich
is it still I have the additional blank
binding Oh son of a bitch sorry rich
I wondered why those last two went off
I'm so sorry rich
what
for anyone who's currently on steam
right now apparently all of a sudden
every single game in the Steam library
needs to be updated we are not running
this off of steam rich got this off of
GOG but anyone currently running steam
might see a little glitch where it says
every game needs to be updated they
fucked something up didn't nobody play
anything maybe I don't know
no it just said I I just had 21 of my
games update one after the another with
zero bytes to upload so like it's doing
it very fast but for some reason
everyone needs to upload maybe it's some
kind of legalese thing maybe they had to
update the ER they the end user license
every game because it's got a law or
something or yours or that can happen in
these games rich that can happen so
thank you your yonder yonder for for
that update
points for GOG points points for GOG
rich I'm gonna leave you alone for a
little bit I have to go I have to go to
the bathroom alright you can do that
well I can't I will I will quietly play
this game I'll be back
and now getting money up the ass stupid
fucking game
so if you zoom I can blow up wall cracks
with this one mmm
which would be good
sucker
yeah yeah you're good you're good
Gemini's room without me hey boy hey
it's your boy Jack back in it back in it
back in it back from the dead
metaphorically speaking what have you
ever visited a zoo if not why no bender
before actually I had up when I was when
I was in construction when I when I was
an apprentice fire sprinkler fitter
yes I had a job at the Brookfield Zoo
okay and they had me in this room I was
installing like a drain from like the
whole system and I was in the same room
they used with the flesh-eating beetles
when they put the dead animals that
would strip them down to the bone
basically there's no smell like it on
earth it's it's the smell of death times
20 it's the smell of death and bugs get
used to it after five hours terrifying
terrifying I have um I have been to the
zoo many times I have children so I've
been to the zoo many times I've never
much cared for the zoo I think it's one
of the dumbest things in the world yeah
I'm not a super animal guy yeah I would
rather go to the planetarium yep or like
even even like the Natural History
Museum has like animal dioramas like oh
they're in a fun pose they don't smell
when they're in the dioramas and I was
just smell and and it's like the animals
of the zoo they're they know they're in
cages and so they're just lying
they don't care about it you know I want
to see it like a tiger do some shit not
just sleep like try to eat you you know
try to eat someone else maybe I'm gonna
see Tiger I want to be in the fucking
cage yeah I guess I have everything
come axing i don't know who that is
so I mean I don't know yeah I just I
don't get the zoo I don't like if your
zoo person that's great I know like when
I take my kids to the zoo like I try to
get them into like oh look an elephant
and I think my kids get it and they're
just like so what can I do can I pet the
elephant no I can't believe seen that on
the Internet you know whoa
armor every floor um haps 78 will you
guys be streaming no man's sky when it's
released this - oh is it June already
that it's released I mean yes let's do
him come out I don't know I just shit
coming out hey we're coming up on the
shit is we're coming up on the summer
blockbuster season rich for everything
movies games
I think you know favorite customer says
why travel when you have the Internet no
that's a serious question here's the
thing if you are traveling to see
tourist attractions you know like if
you're gonna go see the Eiffel Tower
yeah just go see it on the Internet
it's not going to be fun it's gonna be
crowded it's gonna be noisy the reason
you fucker
whoa I didn't even know we could do that
the reason you travel is to experience a
new place and so you have to travel away
from the touristy spots you know don't
go to the Eiffel Tower go to some nice
restaurants go to go do some stuff that
you can only do there experience
something else just yeah take a week and
experience living in another country
Airbnb that shit we're just staying home
and watch Netflix or just stay home I
mean that's what I'm saying either way
I've traveled a lot and I really enjoy
traveling and whenever I travel I do my
best to to try to not do touristy stuff
and you know like there are some
exceptions like when I went to San
Francisco we walked across the Golden
Gate Bridge and you know the Golden Gate
Bridge is pretty touristy thing but it's
a beautiful view you get to see the city
was a nice walk you know and I like I
was I I was there with like family and
stuff so it's like yeah right I will do
touristy shit
go somewhere and experience what it's
like to live there that's the point of
traveling
we did not talk about the Doctor Strange
trailer because rich didn't see it and I
don't really care about Doctor Strange
so I my impressions are pretty
adil I'm gonna oh yeah my impressions
are pretty weak we did not see anyone
jump off of the Golden Gate Bridge but
while we were there but there were signs
every like 10 feet like if you're gonna
jump there are people who are willing to
talk to you please at least I'm not
stupid enough to say please don't jump
no oh no no and that's not gonna snap
anybody who wants to jump and there was
like a toll-free phone like every couple
of miles you know there's like an
attempt like a ridiculous amount of
times a year right yeah a few yeah yeah
it's it's it's a real problem it's a
real problem
I'm not saying I'm not saying that it
was silly that they had the sign I'm
saying it was it was morbid and that
made me laugh because it was so morbid
Danny why are you laughing about suicide
daddy why would people jump off the
bridge was the real question that God
God because their life is miserable and
they want to die
let's get ice cream later I'll replace
sadness with food what do you think fat
people happen I know how fat people
happen I was one of them you replaced
sadness with food good hold on Coleridge
exactly that's why we don't take rich to
Golden Gate Bridge with us
also he wasn't invited several reason by
rich shouldn't come to Golden Gate
Bridge with us you didn't know the
people in the wedding we went to fuck
this
what other gun do you have oh yeah a bum
one
oh nice I forgot I had it honestly
see crack on the wall let me know I'll
blow that shit up
well you have to you have to check it
with another gun so you know this crack
yeah yeah there were the I came across a
couple where I you have to try to find
the pattern you know like there is a
hint and then you check it with a
different gun and then if it makes a
crack you can actually and you can use
your blank to do it - here we go
no way you only get four shots rich and
there are four targets
I kill go trout
big iron what is this a reference this
the the tried under gun let me see it in
that book the gun is a stranger Volvo
and created by attaching additional
barrels to a magnum the barrels are not
actually connected to a chamber because
the Tri gun ones got those like the
barrel on top of the other right yeah
it's it's not very try Gunny try gotten
is more like a rectangle is it yeah if
you figure this shit out yet no I can
only assume it's those necklaces they
have those like bullet necklaces that
they say like bring luck and whatnot but
I have no idea I can only assume it's
it's an item that you can randomly get
and get trapped the game trout the game
or saving for a storm I guess he was in
the store first right yeah c-3po tatto
you mentioned the back to the source
documentary what are your thoughts on it
I practice Hema oh I thought it was a
really good documentary I was a little
disappointed because I thought it was
more going to I got it it's the swoosh
what is this back to the source is a
documentary about Hema historical
European martial arts okay where they
tried to figure out and teach other
people how to actually do stuff like
sword fighting you know how like how
they taught sword fighting in the Middle
Ages and it was sold to me by certain
nerd blogs as like a giant rebuttal to
how bad movie fights are choreographed
fight oh I don't care I know they're
choreographed I don't give their shoes I
never look good well but I thought they
were gonna an accurate fight might not
look all that exciting and it would be
over really quick it doesn't but that's
why I thought it would make an
interesting documentary if they went
into a little bit
more of the I thought they're gonna go
into a little bit more of how to
actually fight you know some of their
techniques but it was more just about
the organization itself so I was a
little disappointed a little
disappointed in the subject matter but I
thought it was a really good documentary
back I hate you I can't believe he got
you he got me Vitas bullshit your gun
was too big rich but it fired after him
now I think the cartographers ring gives
you a map I don't give a shit about that
but then you can find the secret rooms
how many guns do you have
but uh the documentary is really good
and free TV TV TV and free on YouTube so
anyone can watch it it's called back to
the source
how can you do this so I could play the
game can you chew up some guns and come
back here iron loss sure The Stand
countdown is at eight minutes eight more
minutes and it's stand-up time
what is it thirty for the game I want to
say 25 but I don't know
yes it's free you fucks Jack I beat
everything on hardmode
on the lost and then lost all interest
in Binding of Isaac how do I get back in
you you've won you don't have to go back
in play a new game what did you offer
that gun I don't like oh great I got
apparently nothing what did I get
oh you got a heart I got her that's nice
oh you know what I wonder if that is
supposed to be the try gun because it
shoots three bullets it doesn't look
exactly you know it doesn't look enough
like it to convince me but yeah it's
supposed to be does the chat have an
opinion on that everyone is this
supposed to be the gun from trigun
probably not probably
yeah you can fit I'm sure you can finish
Gunjan much like how you can finish
Isaac which is basically just doing
everything all the time fine you know
that's good that's that's the the joy of
this game is a lot of repetitiveness and
just you know little incremental
victories of course this repetitiveness
is offset by the action shoot and shit
whoa Amma
the trigun was not just a revolver
because it remember it turned into the
thing they're saying fallout has a big
iron reference so they might be a
reference to fallout okay
oh nice whoo unlocks and party people
are third-party be oh yeah nice drive
time someone strapped by names frightful
I got surrounded it before you know what
the cowards had us trapped thanks for
the help
rifle you all might have heard of me
I am known as the gray Mauser huh yeah
I'm pretty pretty big day around here
regardless my headstrong companion here
was beginning to get bored many thanks
hey I mean there's only so many times we
can do it in here really really it's all
right it's all I have rich it's all I
had
it's not much it's not no it's not much
I thought him you know sometimes you
start a bit before you know where it's
gonna end and you see no hope for the
best
this is the sweet new roguelike the what
did we call it the the nuclear binding
of necrodancer
oh look at there for the fun bold
movements there this is the boss that I
fought with the the proton pack
shouldn't get moving him I'm uh it was
it was no contest I murdered him so fast
I didn't even know his bullets wiggled
like that oh god damn it don't forget
about your blanks
oh shit why is it going the wrong way
fair question right
excellent dodge
yeah
oh I'm sitting - alright go off time I
am not watching that steampunk zombie
animated show on Amazon I don't know
what that is I did just finish by the
way speaking that Amazon but uh Hulu the
11:26 63 the James Franco starring based
on the Stephen King novel JJ Abrams
produced eight part miniseries huh and I
don't know why I was expecting any
different but we have joked often about
Stephen King novels yeah interesting
premise yeah really strong first act and
then piddles out no that's a good ending
that's exactly what this was but for
some reason I thought like oh maybe
because it's a TV show adaptation maybe
they'll fix it just like really
interesting premise really strong first
act like the first two maybe even three
episodes spot-on yeah
pew pew pew pew pew pew pew just fizzled
especially the last episode just fizzle
sorry shows us it's kind of like 11:23
6:11 2863 the premises there's one spot
in Maine where if you go through the
spot you end up in 1963 and this one guy
who was a Vietnam War vet kept trying to
go back in time to stop the Kennedy
assassination but of course the Kennedy
assassination didn't take place until 64
and so he had a year to plan but the
past fought back and there's like old it
was neat and you know yeah to see some
of that was really neat but he was dying
the past gave him cancer mm-hm
to stop him from stopping the
assassination so it was up to James
Franco who was down on his luck
befriended the old man to go into the
past and stop the Kennedy assassination
why would you want to the idea he wanted
to because it's a horrible that anybody
in the past gets killed but I mean
butterfly effect you you stopped the
Kennedy assassination and who knows what
the fuck's gonna happen his thought was
that the Kennedy is said like Kennedy
not being president directly led to so
much bad like the Vietnam War you know
that was his character's explanation
that it and you know he was a vet and I
said like to him is like we can stop
this we can stop so much pain kennedy
was he could have been the greatest
thing that ever happened to America does
he succeed spoilers I don't want to
spoil so I were going to end that you
mentioned the ending interesting I'm
like you stopped the assassination then
you get to the president the presents
all all kinds of horrible that could be
anything
there could be an ending yeah then he
has to go back and assassinate Kennedy
himself he is then then you have the
explanation for the grassy knoll and
that would be some clever shit that
would be some clever shit did they do
that no they did not do oh they have a
thing where I should have written it you
should have written the ending they have
a thing part of the the premise is every
time you go through the time portal you
end up at exactly the same spot so then
if you go back through the time portal
it resets everything so if you messed up
you just go back to the time portal come
back it resets oh okay yeah so but I
don't like I don't want to spoil it in
case I don't wants to watch it but like
my spoiler is the last episode of really
fucking fizzled and I should have known
better I should have been expecting it
to fizzle I don't even know why I
started watching new anyone yeah
how the fuck was I supposed to know that
was a Red Dwarf episode I've seen the
red dwarf pilot that's him okay kudos to
red dwarf for being more clever than a
shitty Stephen King burg oh it's time to
stand up take a break and stand up our
stand up break timer went off while we
were talking about that Joe kill grant
is by him
of course it's gonna sizzle I like James
Franco I I defend James Franco he's
funny and some things he was a fine
Harry Osborn did you see the interview
no it's funny it's really funny his
movie that he did with Seth Rogen yeah
about going to interview Kim Jong ill or
on who's the new one is the new one a
laurent rich just said he doesn't give a
shit he's a good movie
he's a good movie
have we mentioned that is a beautiful
shirt it is first of all like whether
whether you like the game or not this is
a cool shirt right look it's kind of
like a little tree a little symbol it's
a great sure whether you like the game
or not I'm gonna go take a break
the interview was surprisingly funny I'm
take it we're going to stand up
everybody stand up I'm gonna get another
beverage adult beverage
oh hey everybody
not we just take a little break a little
stand-up break
I got another beverage grape fruit IPA
good what games are on the list there's
a lot of games on the list I just broke
it
you'll be seeing dark souls oh okay here
come go to that lady and turn co-op mode
on all I'm thinking about now rich is
how clever your idea would have been
which apparently was already done by Red
Dwarf still yeah that would have been a
great ending for it what oh my god the
futures in wreck I have to go back and
kill Kennedy and that's and he's the
second shooter that no one could ever
find yep that would have been so clever
rich I'm really upset that that's not
how it is
oh wait yeah left trigger reload X I
like that better news blank oh I know
not B not B so every time you go into
the portal you gotta wait around for a
year to stop the assassination yes what
about your own fucking life this will be
aging while this is going on thirty
attempts
your old man that well that's what
happened to the first guy that that's
what happened to the first guy that's
why
James Franco needed to take over just
stop bothering the world turned out fine
everything ended up okay you don't need
to stop the Kennedy assassination it
would have been better ur rich if you
stopped again what the fuck do you know
you don't I'm the big crux of it though
you know and of course right it's a book
you know so you have to tell story the
big crux of it was whether figuring out
whether or not Lee Harvey Oswald was the
shooter wait I'm not shooting anything
why am I not shooting anything stop
sorry very sorry apparently I'm not
shooting you should be I really should
be shooting stuff did you change did you
change mine it says right button not
right trigger oh yeah what do we have oh
right button is use item then there we
go okay my bad and so then the real crux
of the show is you have to you have to
figure out whether or not it really was
Lee Harvey Oswald who who shot the
president because then you can just
shoot him right how about you shoot him
and then if he still gets assassinated
it wasn't him oh that's so smart because
you have the magic time boy you have the
magic time portal and then you could
always reset it if it's not and then
he's and then he's not dead
oh rich you just cut so many holes in
the Stephen King novel
not dick
all right
dick
ghosts wish I had proton pack I afraid
no ghosts
all right what the fuck
haven't gotten one of these in the
tonight we're getting all of them for me
John all weekend for anyone no I just
wait for me
come on something who wants some
I got a nerf gun what do you think yeah
say you know what save as' leave a
better chest comes along we can always
come back brown chests I mean come on
am i right am i right he was 30 right
oops 25 okay I think we got 20 okay
I accidentally press the button Richard
I know he did I was fucking around and I
pressed the button and I wasted a blank
do you have it set just they have to hit
both triggers apparently I don't not of
it you can switch that if you want I
don't care
I dodged you fuck my Dutch I was rolling
how am i doing better than you god damn
you're not taking the series I'm not -
it's because I'm not taking seriously
because I'm the ghost girl with the nerf
gun or go I'm the ghost I assume it's a
girl because of gender bias you know
she's wearing paint purple it's purple
oh shit I didn't see that what are you
shooting at are you shooting at nothing
you're dumb
they're selling a crypt of the
necrodancer shopkeeper plushy sounds
pretty awesome wow what happened oh I
got hit by a bullet
oh that was your armor I was like why
did you shoot off a blank wait for me
I'm spinning fuck
Oh
who wants them who wants some
he's over here oh oh era yeah get the
fuck out of here
yeah get the fuck out of here yeah you
coming at you coming at you what do we
got what do we got
hey YouTube it's a boy mac-10 nice the
heart locket gets an extra hard thing
I'm sure uh-oh
this who dis shotgun full of love oh do
you want the shotgun full of waffle guys
no one talks to you I mean you know a
better a better weapon for me would be
great trip do you have to buy it oh I
can just take your money yeah and
potentially charms enemies oh okay
all right I can deal with that
potentially charming enemies of charming
and looking as a purple gun for a purple
ghost lady tannic oh is that your charm
oh they're dead
I died does that mean my dick my gun
died or does it go to you
yep come here and get this heart
well orally just open a chest no no you
take this heart and use the heart or go
to the chest and open you up uh yeah but
then we waste the chest well would you
rather waste the chest or the Revival
item we have keys all right all right
cuz I don't want to leave the room
because I might be able to get my gun
back I just lose my gun oh that's
bullshit that's bullshit rich life is
bullshit jack life is bullshit I can't
believe I lost my gun I just got that
gun I didn't even get to use it didn't
even get to you did just not much shot
like one guy he's pink
well nothing to do about it okay
just keep shooting people I'm on it
she filled my dumb nerf gun you're a
real man you'd shoot him with your dick
you know what I'm saying no you don't
you know what I'm saying I don't
reloads faster I guess but you have to
press it twice and pay attention to it
yeah yeah no I get it I get it Siberia
skirt I get it that he means sex what's
that oh it's an alphabet gun good what
does it do it's it's normal it's nice
nothing great it literally yeah oh
you'll see
I don't wanna i won't i won't i won't
spoil it for you who's that why is there
a face that's the the the game man oh
right the game
we gonna deal with this day we can deal
with this guy Berto bird dog bird dog
bird aleni
oh what's nice gunner bullet bullet it
shoots the word bullet
it's annoying what but pretty effective
oh my god Vanowen attorney are you yes I
guess you are
all right it's kind of a shit gun after
all
Booya
don't grab that tower now you can all
right okay that gun
sure yeah see yeah that's funny
they got their gun puns on Fleck stop
saying that not gonna have so stupid not
gonna happen
I know slang that would be quickly dated
when I hear it do you think Fleck is
gonna be Curtis extremely quickly
because it's stupid
sir that's not dumb
I don't know if there are any more
behaved guys
simple simple a child could do it
boom we're on it rich no regular shotgun
jack regular shotgun that's what you won
you like right I mean yeah like that we
can't afford nothing well what we all
too afforded by the end of the stage oh
sure
here we go second it was a shotgun you
said you wiped oh that was a fancy one
there was there was a void shotgun yeah
man that was really awesome but I
discovered its its downside which is
yeah it it doesn't have a good range so
it did a really bad job at killing
people from far away
let's see if we can find a better
Oh trick up
well he's a prick he's called like a
video game meet Cuba prick yeah yeah
prick he's a prick
what do you think you're doing sneaking
up behind me a prick I calls it like I
seize it jack and I ain't gonna stop you
boom boom gotcha I got you six wait
maybe I can do something
yeah okay we don't have whatever I don't
we need yet I got your six it is that
you know what it is nice when it has
team play it's a little it's a little
jank because you know the you get the
second player can only be this ghost
person why is that that seems so weird
it does seem very weird possibly to nerf
it they do they don't want to make it
too overpowered now you think that would
be my guess
and could just be a coding thing
who got your sex
ten-four why do you keep saying this is
like because I got it
if you know if you were worried about
your six you don't have to be you know
okay where we got down here yeah I got
your six well connect the dots right
well shit fire and knives
there's floor knives rich watch out for
the floor I love wallet
family my bullet my alphabet gun did
have him home no I don't know why it
couldn't bring it up earlier maybe maybe
I hit a wrong button at some point yeah
strange where we go what are you doing
I know okay great I can't drive to their
other rooms you're my go right to the
boss yeah clearing out the rooms that's
my favorite party games like this always
clear first get right out of town bullet
guy
who wants some everybody is the answer
oh I you fuckers you fucking nuts bullet
bullet forgetting about my reloading
thing you're active reload yeah yeah cuz
the the only time you would you would
want that is if it is like in the middle
of a firefight but the active reload
means you have to pay attention to it
and not the firefight it's useless
bullet bullet bullet bullet viewlet
Beulah Brenton hi welcome back
are you alright I got your six woah
we're going warping cuz it's a smart
thing to do the real van did you tip
again well you go ahead and do that I'm
gonna do that let's see here um okay we
missed a couple yay anonymous says a
couple years ago I went to Chicago for
my sister's wedding I didn't get all the
rlm tollbooth jokes and riches correct
about year OU's year oohs I don't know
if I understand the toll booth jokes is
it is the joke just that there's a lot
of tolls in between Chicago and
Milwaukee Mike makes jokes a lot of just
being like a miserable occupation being
a tollbooth I imagine it would be sure
yeah you know you get to listen to I bet
you get to listen to a lot of podcasts
Sara Jen says do you two ever compete
with each other in games sort of like
are there certain types of gameplay
where you know rich is better than Jack
or Jack is better than rich well yes yes
kind of Jack's ball ball park is bowl
games yeah rich knows the strategy rich
knows all about the strategy oh I will
out XCOM Jack yeah and Jack Oh Mario
Kart me probably the real Vance's guys
has Jason hush it's a horror movie on
Netflix where the killer stalks a deaf
woman living alone in an isolated
cottage it's gotten great reviews well I
have an extensive list of all of the
movies that Jay has ever seen I just
didn't bring it with me today like every
movie he's watched since he was like
seven years old I just one big I write
them down you don't have the 6 year old
one well get you have to get up on the
six hurled one he watched he watched a
lot of movies when he was six years old
I'm sorry
every year every uh every year from then
though seven and out seven on up seven
up Jay has not discussed that movie with
us specifically the real and so we are
we are uninformed on his level of view
egde of hush oh let's just let here
alright well there we go well do you
want the shotgun oh wow I mean it'd be
better than this thing yep so yes all
right sorry oh you know what I
instinctively hit the button serene do
you want to should we get a key let's
get a key yeah we probably should have
seen what was in there first can't do
either great yay-hey
oh this way I know where I'm going all
right
she's great she's great Gorgon the gore
gun I love her design all around
nope don't don't ya know can't look at
her I was telling you but also telling
me well fuck you
she likes you
and stop it
nice thank you thank you so much
nope look away haha
will you jump over to me it's a wave
that comes it's a wave that comes out of
her oh I thought I thought it was the
Medusa thing so he had to look away I've
been doing it wrong this whole time yep
oh I got killed by her gooo rich it's
gonna you can blink me fuckers
now fuck
she had a fuck 10 I hope one more oh
yeah listen um if you're done I'm just
gonna play more is how this is done I'm
about done we're gonna hold on a minute
tell me start seven seven ish times at
home 9:30 oh all the way 9:30 at least
10 I'm gonna put at least three in okay
let's go that was I thought it was more
like 10:30 Wow okay
time flies rich man get out of here sir
poofing tton you ain't got shit whoa
jack everybody poops everybody poops
you're either poofing are you're dying
that's that's what they say
get busy pooping or get busy dying all
right oh wait heart oh no we're good
yeah we're good from V burn holy moly
from Shanghai with love I can't watch
your twitch stream but I watch you all
the time on YouTube I learned a lot from
Jax positivity and Rich's adorable humor
durable game on Thank You V burn we
appreciate that something more adorable
than hey that's your adorable oh it's so
adorable every time it says AIDS every
time he murders that hooker it's a man
go up oh sorry oh I wasn't even paying
attention to map I was just still oh
shit
they've got some of your own size rich
makes aids adorable you're right what
can Brown do for you okay
boom great just you know like I'm still
trying to figure out where the hidden
walls are and so I just like to take a
sure quick peek at every room we can't
discover them with our with these
weapons but you know I just like to make
a mental note of what the walls look
like let me something in that area could
be huh I think I think every lip floor
only has one secret room look are there
specific guns that destroy or just
anything other than to default anything
other than the default then just shoot
everything it's not a big deal I have a
better gun yeah well but then that
weighs bullets but if you have an ammo
pack it's not just like explosives no
actually you can use your blanks open up
the wall
wait there's like an explosion around
you that when you had a blank I think
that my count
hasn't oh sure explosion sorry I dealt
with it
two prongs attacked rich you go right
ready
no oh he's just on your side over the to
protecting our one prong was enough
still on the killed yep
totally did totally stole your kill I
got your six Niner Niner Niner ten-four
ten-four Roger Roger Rabbit
oh man haven't your six actually worked
out that time because there were some
people waiting up here grenades all
right great
where we got oh sorry I was reading the
chat out
yeah yeah you guys got a ton of shit in
your hallway
Oh No gooo rich this go I can't deal
with you not with my nerf gun Oh family
we did the GU ghost whoa what that you
know capacity all right eight I'll take
it wait wait there we go she's getting
them out of way just to see what I could
do what was shit I do like to explode
the barrels so they won't explode later
yeah heads up what's the the Jill tur
can't afford it great great
we're doing rude all right so far I feel
pretty good about about our what do you
call it justice this is fun it's fun way
to play this is Helldivers all over
again what you got I got an achievement
for that motherfucker I got an
achievement
oh shit that vibrated on my crotch rich
you got to give it you got to give a
heads up
whoa I put the controller on my lap and
it vibrated oh well I guess I'll take it
unless you want it no I don't want I
hate that gun
I wonder if you need it for something
like because you can buy those pieces
right I wonder if this is one of those
that like it's a cheap 'men it probably
does extra damage against an enemy type
Sheriff warm guns maybe it does like a
sin amis sure why not
why not okay let's Boston right pause it
boss it alright alright here we go
who we fighting out of bird we we got
the bird Oh apparently this gun Pierce's
enemies oh that's a fine bonus hey when
you get multiple little guys
how about you leave me alone dick oh you
can't handle it
ah just saying there's two of us here
two of us have it
yeah one of your bullets hit me uh I
don't think so why did I mean you got
heavy damage to me when he wasn't
pointing the gun to me and I think it
was one of your bullets that went
through him no I can't
I got nothing to be reloaded so you take
that heart I'll give you full heart
okay I'll reload mine I guess take the
necklace now your name what is it no
chance to breathe right all right so now
if we come across an altar
we'll see if like you can I don't know
if it's a neck I don't know what it is
oh that's what it was his when he fires
his big round they bounce off of walls
all right sorry okay you ready hey ready
hey ready yeah I'm ready are you okay
are you gonna go that way what other way
is there
well I'm saying how you're gonna go that
way yeah good I got your six
I have so much hate that was safe there
I got nothing
well here let's go out but then run no
no not that one this one go out and I go
back in ah get out there dick he never
comes back he done he can come back we
said we just have to check on it
periodically fuck fuck fuck you
but we should be at least clear for a
room and then I can at least reload
after using some goddamn bullets all
right I hear you tips let's get the tips
okay we cleared the room there's a
couple right anonymous says not a big
twitch guy but love watching you guys on
YouTube but keep on keepin on
thanks anonymous yo and unit 603 idiot
says hey rich oh there any sitcoms you
like now I don't watch TV no really yeah
I haven't sat down to watch TV in in
years everything I i watch is like often
like Netflix or YouTube and haven't been
ready sit comes in that list of things
did you watch like 30 rock I've never
I've never seen a single episode of 30
rock really say like a couple episodes
of How I Met Your Mother I've seen I've
seen clips of Big Bang Theory and a
highly offended me I don't don't want
highly offended at the nerd stereotypes
that Hollywood is presenting the
negative nerd stereotype absolutely is
nerds ploy tation no exploitation 30 30
rock is it's not always great but
there's usually always at least one joke
that makes the entire episode worth it
here's the last to come I watched yeah
the office oh okay like I would call
that a sit down yeah that's a second
comment comedy love the office
oh fuck spiky floor
gestured you want me to but you pick it
up no matter what right oh ammo drop
yeah Joey uses not use it now and then
you can use your hand my drop my gun is
still here I see my gun I might need you
during a boss I'm not doing that okay
you can pick up my gun though yeah might
as well you're right ease but nothing
immediately useful do do do do do do did
Nitin the baskets I've heard good things
I know you know everyone like Zach
Galifianakis
I know nothing I know nothing about the
show except for Zach Galifianakis his
thing baskets
son of a bitch that's a lot of them
I did get your link on how to do a
proper Michael Caine voice yes couple
comedians doing Michael Caine
impressions and it looks it great I will
practice I will practice my Michael
Caine
whoa Oh Jack this is so much fun here's
the burst with these crazy dodges I'm
doing everything right like you're
killing it first of all I'm just the
dumb ghost almost dodged right into the
pit
classic dungeon
mattify Chester sir later no nope the
level with no chests oh no you can't do
anything at all Jack how does that not
do anything I ain't got shit rich I
ain't got shit I'm gonna float over this
pit though you can't do that
yeah yeah that'll keep you alive yep
what wait here we go here we go boom I
helped you did right oh and that's the
end of that here oh who did it who dad
oh yeah you go that way I'll keep Hakim
and I'll stay in this room
I'll keep mapping this room thingies oh
you got money could we offer up my ghost
nut you would do that you'd sacrifice
your ghost a ghost I can't afford any of
them anyway she had a big fucking deal
right big fucking deal
no oh wait it's just oh no isn't that
bad wait look at his a shield
welcome back we'll come back once we map
the whole area the MIDI may be a thing
will happen
Jack and more useful dead than alive
feels accurate I'm true you know I'm
here I'm here to help right you know
it's it's sure though like sometimes a
shield is better than a second gun you
know I agree come over here
Wow don't you think this should be
something you probably need something
explosive I'm not wasting a boy that
weighs in a boy okay he wasted a bike
I would have I would have wasted a
blanket oh I didn't know if you do it oh
really
I thought I thought you might keep me as
it goes one of us will die and then that
person could be the shield um what if we
explored there's still more that way
that we may as well go north here what
you think
yeah all right I'm here I almost fell
into that pit I must wasted the life you
gave me oh great we did it we did it
that's valuable information Oh God you
need he need to walk with me sir
accidently walk into pits okay let's go
let's roll shit no we can't go that way
anyway oh my god we have to go through
the shop Exit Through the Gift Shop rich
this way to the egress
you get money
what are we supposed to give him this
map how about now I don't know I don't
know rich so worth it trust shot I don't
know either way we'll get to know where
the secret room is all this shit what
look look at the map yeah that's what it
does
oh my god well how do we open this oh
you have to I have to come with you
oh that was more shit we didn't see down
there never mind never mind that's that
was confused okay so what you want to
explore down there first you want to
give the map Explorer down here first
okay but here's where the secret room is
okay
okay I was just looking around I was
just looking around how do you drop it
um um hold down Oh nope that's a hard
sorry no I was I was holding off when
you said that okay
via
wah-wah I get but is it no it's okay
well yeah you think that I'll take the
heart yeah I'm not a mind guy I'm not
I'm not good with explosives okay
technically I'm gonna give you with mine
cuz I'm not I'm never gonna think about
it I'm gonna be too busy dodging but I
know the way you think you want to use
these things that you find and you're
gonna want to use that mind whoa oh it's
just a proximity oh that's great okay so
wait what oh oh see oh see look do you
see how the walls cracking of it yeah
should have me do it item oh oh it's
just a hard piece hmm well we got a hard
piece you're now full health heart oh
wait and let's go thank you all right we
can just teleport I suppose so we
probably need to get done with the boss
before we let's try
sure the clear map sure what do we get
improves health movement speed and
damage Gina that's nice
originally created as a reward for
Winchester's game of skills up Richard
they're good then there goes your armor
ammo Conda
boom use it it works great
what does its quid mean that's quit he's
being controlled by someone or the green
mean he the green means he's like
stronger somehow I think he's already
strong
I'll fuck you damn it
revive or well you get a free revive if
I can kill headers I guess I'll wait
till I'm low on health just be my shield
I'll be su
hi nice touch
that's nice time nice touch
yeah
nice nice teamwork that's teamwork
holy moly oh and I'm back yay what's
that mahogany 100% organic great all
right great
it looks like it shoots trees perfect
perfect
love three level three
whoa what was that I got run over
Oh which I didn't even know was the
thing oh yeah they have mine carts that
like automated shooting minecart
thingies I didn't know I'd get run over
by them why I meant the jump and I
walked over the pit Oh rich stupid they
had to kill the minecart no no they just
have to dodge did you die yeah where's
the hard thing yeah where's the hard
thing I didn't travel all my shits down
here oh fuck I was looking for the hard
thing rub that hurt middle grab all my
shit there yeah well where's the heart
that should have been in here
it just didn't spawn or that's maybe it
fell into the pit
oh that's terrible yeah all right uh
let's rock'n'roll
yep I'm shooting tree bums ah oh hey
wait wait did you fuck fuck fuck fuck
take it easy take it easy take it I know
this gun don't much care boy
ya know my problem this game is I find a
lot of the guns I don't much care for
sure it's relatively few guns I like and
then they run out of ammo and then
you're stuck with the default or gun you
don't like
OOP dice
whoa oh you need a key to get to the
shopkeeper use it in case snowball or if
I could haunt him to death maybe I can't
I reload oh shit
that would be why probably cuz I'm in
here
I guess all right I'm just gonna wait
this is that not need reloading maybe
just maybe every shot is considered
reload yeah you're manually loading
everyone yeah but look at out look at
the thing that's making ste rising
all right
yep
what I hear you stand up timer okay
everybody stand up
it's time to stand up returns the ghost
so stand up
all right
right but ghosts don't have legs maybe
some ghosts I wonder if the proton pack
would do anything to me that's worth a
test let's hope we find one I already
thick there is
like I want to use this gun so I don't
waste ammo from other guns you know yeah
that's like it's pretty it's like it
sucks but it's alright
if that makes any sense it sucks but
it's alright
okay it's fine
yep I see
settle down ghosty hey Jack hi rich oh I
can't stick around long due to my shitty
data cap rural living but I wanted to
say hi and for a few bucks your way I
hope to see you in September yes Tim you
will September well I'm doing a podcast
with Tim oh he's coming into town and
asked me to do his podcast cuz I will
not talk to anybody I don't give a shit
look thank you
ooh hey look at then nice he's got a
death bar nice you're back rich here you
want a gun have guns yeah sure you know
one you don't like well those just want
a head it's not like I didn't like it
see look you have green bullets in yours
I don't know what to tell you
ooh you probably need health more right
now than I do
what is that armor every floor oh I have
all your things
ya know the breasts pay the breast pate
of the aimless night Coromant able to
dispatch the gun dead with ease the
night grew overconfident in his
abilities deep in the hollow is
concentration that won the games that be
great that would be great oh that's not
what I wanted hi I died a while back but
I forgot how long it's been says
anonymous I'm a ghost
and I do have legs and I stretch them on
a regular boo lol fuck my ghost cock I
can't miss is the ghost cock I'll go
right through Mary go right through you
I guess you know we could pantomime what
benefit do you get out of stretching
your ghost legs
okay whoa I've been in this room before
there's nothing in here oh this is a
weird room look at this there's no bad
guys and it's completely empty but you
can get in that minecart try something
well okay you just hop right out there
so I've gotten this room a bunch I'm
sure it means something you know when
you get the same room over and over
again you just say okay this this is
important this is for later sure as
you're making a sculpture out of your
mashed potatoes is important this means
something close encounters reference
come back Delia
fuck you bird it's gonna kind of sucks
uh if you know what it's it's got some
heavy artillery oh fuck not
yeah dude are you better at the shit
that I am I've failed so far aim true so
you get one shot per each thing so kind
of calculate and take your time there's
no time limit there's several bounces
right yeah oh
bounces two bounces well you know what
it moves you can get a couple of them oh
that was almost cool I'll get something
laser scope whoo nice gutter services aw
I will miss ghost rich spot on booze
I can deal with the aim on this thing
fuck what did I give you buy I want to
use that
yeah you should use that
yeah slime boy
deep fried mashed potaters I need to
double-check the what they show after
after we're done see there's a key in
the show sure if there's a key in the
shop maybe I can get a gun that's not
shite wait hi wait wait wait boom
all right this is a good combination for
me okay dance everybody dance we dance
to the beat we dance to the beat
push that table here I hope wait we
gotta flip the other table first weight
pushing contest yeah ready
oh we were equally strong well you know
whoa oh you had to I had to see you have
to see I had to see I didn't think we
both go go to the shop okay and we could
buy a snowball er shoot snowballs our
machines pissed so we have an item that
makes the item exactly what we have oh
maybe I don't know I mean anything's
better than this gun so maybe it's no
baller and then we see with well let's
go see what's in the chest first all
right and then and then we can make that
decision jack says Neil Green is the
best do you still listen to the hello
internet podcasts did you vote in the
flag referendum also is that a well is
that a well made shirt I'm thinking
about getting one yes it's a very
comfortable and well made shirt it's
it's one you know it's like a soft
cotton good many bullets many bullets
originally crafted by a gunsmith who
favored revolvers but was envious of
automatic whoo alright seems cool that
seems kind of Awesome oh my god after
you're dead look do you see at the at
the bottom you show it shoots a hammer
okay so we can spend money on
on armor if you want because this is a
pretty cool gun one hit versus I might
want a machine gun you know what that's
fair yeah that's fair no I don't
unfortunately I do I did really like and
I still do really like the hello
internet podcast that's C GP or GCP gray
and Brady from numberphile oh really
they do a thing together they do a
podcast again it's great it's just you
know two dudes talking just two nerds
nerding it up but I just don't have time
to listen to podcasts anymore
especially while editing because most of
the time what I edit has audio in it so
I have to actually listen to the audio
all right there we go
let's do it
what's this what's this I can't wait to
see it oh my god yes Kannan Balrog
shit shit shit
come on oh you can pick up all my shit
if you can oh it goes I can help ya I
know I know I forgot where's he at
where's he at
where's again
bullshit I kind of had his pattern down
yeah look spawn like literally right in
me and then he goes and then he goes
dark but a bullet spa didn't be after he
went dark yeah there was no chance to
dodge that nope nope that was great
oh that was great why did you Jack I
write like I write away too by the way
oh I died like right away we got the
cool new gun that's the second time now
that I got the cool new gonna died
immediately
I don't even it did it was pretty cool
pretty cool gun and the shot like purple
bullets and a hammer
did you see the hammer lying in the is
laying on the ground is great is great
okay well thanks for coming out everyone
here we can call it a night 7 to 10:30 I
could deal with that we can call it a
night let's wait oh yeah internet
podcast don't listen to podcasts anymore
cuz video editing yes this is a very
quality shirt and I think you think it's
cool like beyond if you don't like fire
watch it's fine but it's just like a
little train a thing I I enjoy shirts
that um that can be incognito but if you
know what it is you know what it is
people people are allowed to like things
that I don't love I know anyone know
story-wise is a lot I like about fire
wash I really yes remember walking
around in tubes there's nothing for me
let's um let's all tap a mother
you have the mouse no it's right there
closer to you yeah hold on
I'm getting there slowly getting there
slowly
okay-dokey Oh wake up okay Tom
Lewandowski 18 months in a row
Elvis delvis 21 months in a row
Biff eponymous 21 fucking months in a
row
Susa SES SES its khuskhus knows I'm good
sir
it's like it twenty three fucking months
in a row
DJ gunther Haunter hunter DJ good deer
hunter
oh wait I'm missing it all wait first of
all it's doctor not DJ even drinking too
much apparently are you okay to go home
this is number two and we've been
streaming for like I'm halfway through
this I've had a beer and a half dr.
Gunter hunter hanker Mario Mario 42 eggs
I won't 22 fucking months in a row I do
have to get eggs Borgo doh 69 gutter
stars to reduce effective turbo Jesus
5000 room
you gotta say that with some turbo I was
going for the fast route covered keys if
I thought April I love you
21 fucking months in a row Brad lives
and if you've loved April for at least
21 months I assume there's some fucking
going on dude
that's probably extremely rude of me
extremely rude but if what if what I
love April from afar or what are the
links then there's still might be
fucking going on but you live you live
down south I can't imagine you'd put
that as Mississippi avatar bread lives
on chunk 20 months in a row do violence
human violence
Gani med yz9 and today X X 15 months in
a row snacks and I think I think
somebody mention with Miss octo j13 dr.
J if that's what happen we're sorry we
have not he's been subscribed for
awesome just say after 30 fucking months
in a row who has 24 October in a row
there you go we haven't forgotten about
you right dr. J we would never forget
about you never ever ever so remember no
stream on Sunday no stream on Sunday
we'll make up possibly Monday I will try
not to play enter the gungeon again even
though I will tweet something
