Episode 559
E3 2016 Extravaganza!
June 16, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tagfsS-joIY
___________________________________________

[A] and sir I have no idea what the fuck's
gonna happen we're out cray-cray is that
what the children say cray-cray right
cray-cray I don't believe that's what
the children say hi welcome what what
the fuck is that thing behind us and
that nice giant fucking TV I made this
overlay I was thinking of using this
overlay just in general for streaming
but I decided last minute that I don't
like it but we're gonna talk about e3
and you you said I was just thinking we
might play a game while we talk about e3
exactly and so we were keeping the
overlay so we can talk about videos and
such there's the first thing I've seen
from you three it's probably the only
thing I've seen before we started
talking about any of this shit and I
know how much this is gonna be one of
those magic it's like magic so now the
screen shows up in this thing Sony's new
spider-man game is a spider-man game
alright I'm done with that I'm done I'm
done with Spirent oh sure no it's cool
I've never seen Manhattan in games no
spider-man game on his chest why is
there how is there neon white it's very
white
it's so distracting it's very very
here's here's something that I'm very
seriously wondering is this from any
comic book has any comic book artist
drawn him with a giant go
white spider on his chest never had a
giant neon white spider even though I
don't think neon white as possible that
is the young white somehow somehow how
does that work I have no idea how that
works except for a green screen
like was broke for one second I think it
broke when you will view it when you
wave the green screen magic went away
when you wait when you waved your hand
you want to talk about spider-man for a
little bit okay we were just last stream
we were talking about like the
theoretical case of what would happen if
we got to play another spider-man game
we were talking about like the cool
stuff that we could see how much of that
involved the the giant white spider
symbol on his fighter chest because you
know like we want it to look good we
want spider-man to look good you know
cuz spider-man's a cool hero don't mind
me I was I was just checking on the live
feed okay know where the rogues gallery
like spider-man yeah and you know
spider-man is a hero who fights super
villains villains villains villains
villains you know where are all the
super villains
it is if it's gonna be the same you know
five super villains that we always fight
in the spider-man games there's gonna be
electro there's gonna be the Rhino
there's gonna be the Shocker for some
reason and who's not gonna show up
there's gonna be no gringo who's gonna
be no Hobgoblin venom maybe no no
probably not they'll save the sequel and
and like some other ringers some other
nut riggers to the ABS it was the abbot
of a rare like high quality
I guess the ringer that's the opposite
of a reader you'll fight the ringer and
then it'll be a lot of the same thing
we've seen it everyone weird so open
world swinger own
when he won't be as good as it was in
spider-man 2 movie game because it never
is they've done it dumbed it down every
spider-man games since - hey guys I
figured out why it sounded like rich
wasn't here give me give me one second
yeah how much of that could they
couldn't so they couldn't hear what I
was saying they could hear it it just
sounded like you were far away don't
come because some gobbledygook in here
was messing with my microphone settings
what me I don't think it was you I think
he was one of the other two gobbledygook
yeah but you know what they can hear you
fine now so continue with your
spider-man ran the rant is over we're
not we're not gonna see the Sandman
where I could see Kraven the hunter is
you know he's he's he's weird meat he's
weirded me sorry everybody about
Richie's microphone situation we're
gonna get the Rhino because he's
overused in the games
maybe we'll get electro and then we'll
get some some c-listers nobody gives a
shit about yeah we'll definitely get a
rhino what's what do you think it's been
it's been at least a few major movies
since anyone has given a shit about the
Green Goblin what do you think the
likelihood of a Green Goblin is is it is
it a hundred percent or is it a hundred
percent or is it possibly 100 percent
unless for some weird reason they can't
use him mm maybe you know I don't know
maybe look look none of the know snow
one single spider-man game has had a
great roster of villains they get like
one or two good ones yeah and then a lot
of villains don't give a shit about yeah
this guy's good and you know the ringer
and the shocker about Rock the jumper
balls footballs Rock the jumper and then
this guy's got the Green Goblin and
Balrog the leaper
the leaper that's what it is yeah I'll
track the leaper yeah yeah yeah what do
you do what do you know I guess you know
what you know what looking at the outfit
here can you play the video again for
everyone
oh wait and that's not what I want
that's not what you want yeah you're
plating small screen and then just go to
where you can see his costume and Paul
and freeze frame and then turn it's a
large screen cuz there are some parts of
the costume that I really like like
right yeah you tell me wonderful you
tell me wonder freeze this shit ready
wait till he turns there all right now
make that full screen invisible and
visible to everyone else like there are
a lot of aspects of the costume that I
think are really cool like I love like
on his shoulders where you can see where
the fabric meets and it almost looks
like armor pieces that to me looks like
a very they're they're kind of trying to
meld the realistic that's what they did
in Civil War the mask looks great the
eyes look great mask looks great but
like I like his whole arm thing even the
white Sun no I I hate that you don't oh
I can deal with that
yeah but I hate it block you put put a
hand up and block like the spider so
what's going on with that that little
thin belt and those weird triangles of
red on the pants okay no boots I'm okay
with no you know what I look I'm even
okay with no boots because you know why
like you know runners shoes runners
shoes it's a superhero costume but I
love big colorful boobs
I like the melding of the the real world
stuff with the with the coming you can't
have the the red up to the calf no no
you couldn't sell have no right up to
your cabin but and you certainly don't
need that giant ugly white spider that
is the most the most baffling state
serving part look at how ugly it is they
don't care but the mask looks great
they're just gonna fuckin tease you yep
yeah you know what after you defeat the
game on hard you'll unlock an outfit
that looks halfway decent or midway
through you'll unlock a new outfit
semesters great the mask
great I love those show oh look at that
those eyes squinty him
I like the shelters I even liked his
shoulders
should we go frame-by-frame and obsess
over every little detail so there are
birds the birds there's a bird so
obviously there's going to be a vulture
section birds equal vultures also do you
see the vulture doesn't use birds
obviously there was a new super villain
who controlled birds
oh he's called Hitchcock and he has he
can he has special powers over things
that Hitchcock used in his movie like
birds and people would dress up like
their mothers and kill people he can
make anybody dress up like their mother
and kill people he's gonna make
spider-man like dress up like his mother
and try to kill Aunt May
he has never been dressed like Aunt
May's he'd be wearing one of Aunt May's
dress with a little white bun wig he
also has one of the worst supervillain
powers ever he cannot give other people
vertigo he can only give himself vertigo
some midway through the fight all the
sudden he'll go hog throw up on command
and then the people chasing will slip in
it will have Mary Jane tied up and
hanging off of like Jefferson's nose for
Washington Monument another watchin
about me that Rushmore oh yeah terrible
I mean you know what it's exciting the
prospect of a new spider-man game is
exciting because we like spider-man but
you know it was clearly going to be a
city oh you gotta wonder about that
combat system I mean there there's no
information in here and I I don't think
animation why are these all the same
animations from the that last spider-man
game webos shadows from what a while ago
now but no moves look familiar to me
it's hard to tell just cuz wasn't well
shadows like a cel-shaded like very
different look wouldn't even stand
doesn't mean anything with the animation
I think those are so shit wasn't shell
shaded the cell shaded that was the
ultimate spider my game was it yeah
they all blur together a little bit well
I'm sure this isn't bad
despite that it's very venom heavy yeah
yeah that big white spider I can't see
anything else who's that knock that
thing down um who's this
we're like actual people going through a
video now we're doing we're like actual
video things oh now we're doing video
that's fine okay well you know what so
the guy he chased in the van had like a
mat had a kabuki mask on uh-huh so
that's actually kind of good news
because maybe he's going after low rent
just just gangsta thugs that's every
Spider Man game I want I want a crap-ton
of super villains what if that's a rhino
then it's a horrible looking Rhino which
you know it fits with the horrible
spider-man no so here's what its gonna
be so this is your first fight with the
Rhino and he's just a strong guy wearing
a rhino mask
kabuki mask but then after you defeat
him he comes back focusing that much on
the Rhino then that's a bad sign
yes yes it's kabuki man its kabuki
wouldn't it at Roma thing they actually
do a kabuki man I didn't like that I
think that's an actual thing I don't
know that much about drama
I'll be honest with you I'm not jay yeah
yeah
why is it as you want to oh you want to
zoom in on the feet thing and go back a
little bit more look at got white on the
feet jab make sense to me because
they're like runner shoes you know he's
got a grip you don't want what thick
running shoes don't make sense of swing
of course not he can't he's got a stick
to things unless he's do it through the
shoe
unless thin boots thin fan well but if
what if they're thin what if they're
like those those no no insole runners
shoes super super thin running they're a
layer of rubber on the on the outside
that's that's more than like your like a
millimeter thick or something I don't
know I think they look cool I like I
like the whole tennis shoes everything
but the mask
I guess the textures aren't bad but
just to design everything but the mask
no you know all they need to do is is is
get rid of that giant white spider and i
love i like everything else where
there's actually like a nike logo like
product placement on these shoes let's
do blurry i can't tell no they wouldn't
they went to nike so any wouldn't do
nike were they they probably do like
adidas or something like that
new balance kabuki mean is that like
batman the batman villain black mass
this is some crossover doing sony got so
pissed off that marvel took their movie
away from them but they're doing a
Marvel DC cross fine you know what you
know what fine we're gonna do it with DC
crossover Batman shows up halfway
through is this a movie time uh it's
just called spider-man ps4 just does
Sony also happen on the spider-man video
game rights I I would assume they do cuz
they put out all the video games if this
was a movie tie-in it would be called
spider-man homecoming I mean I would
assume they don't like the game rights
to movie tie-in games but do they just
own any spider-man game rights I would
assume so huh
if this I this can't be a movie tie-in
or else they would call it spider-man
homecoming my guess is they are going to
rush like balls to get it out with the
movie I really hope the costume in the
new movie does not look like this I
really really hope Sony or Sony would do
Puma you're right jack trigger choice oh
yeah you'll get the Puma go get don't
get you get the Puma Puma shoes Oh
anywhere Puma called the promo oh we
have a couple tips actually and you know
what we missed one from last week you
must have tipped it just as we were
signing off sorry cidade chunk or sorry
caped de devil Dave said always wondered
what was the result of submitting the
Western or musical to that 24 hour film
fest it played in a theater full of
people and it was like audience voted
best of something rather but didn't
officially win with the judges I believe
it's audience favorite I think it won a
couple of it won a couple of awards yeah
whatever yeah yeah but you know it
played in the theater with everyone else
it was funny see dandy Chuck says I
tipped five dollars in Canadian money so
it probably won't be converted to very
much anyhow keep up the great work
lol Fuqua gook it's actually you tips
five dogs in Canadian money I got three
dollars and eighty-eight cents that's
the actual conversion but thank you I
appreciate that
shame kids AMA said we need that spider
if spider-man does not physically
contain a spider he will simply scratch
our thick or we will simply scratch our
thick monkey craniums and wonder who is
this guy who he's got a red suit on and
he's flipping around and he's he's
spinning webs I don't know is you're
saying this giant white spider is the
result of committee thinking and some
executive trying to justify their job
that makes sense well that makes sense
what it probably was yeah is someone on
the on the Sony team on the creative
team says we need to make this Spider
Man visibly different than every other
Spider Man that's been out there so we
can sell toys specifically referring
screens Allah knows why is that I have
no idea
it does that everyone said well you know
what we're just gonna have to deal with
green screen going nuts today I'm
playing a game right now oh sure it's so
pleasant without those lights ah oh that
made it flip right the fuck out just for
a second yeah now it looks like it's
working oh that's awful that's just
awful for us shit happens jack and
that's just a part of show business that
is that is we will suffer I have the
Cokie masks cuz well that's like a
gorilla kabuki mask maybe a dog because
they're gonna fight the Mafia or
something that's gonna be like the
running I want to fight a bunch of
classic Spiderman villains it's worse
now I make them make OBS big for a
second here uh yeah take that over there
bring that over here make it big let's
just check it out real quick
okay go to camera filters green screen
all right there oh no oh good okay good
enough there we go yeah turn the lights
back off see what you want to try to
turn the lights back on no this is fine
this is fine we'll deal with the harsh
fluorescence okay okay it's fine now now
it's perfect now the green screen is
great okay uh where was I
Sean says I'm predicting pre-order bonus
costumes a hundred percent
oh sure hundred a hundred percent or not
preorder bonus just pay for them later
available $15 costume pack available
like a month later and a DLC package
made making it the most cynical thing
ever we need a really bad spider-man
costume but that's so bad that it looks
like we were trying to make it bad no
yeah don't don't trust the man I always
say don't trust the man you know there's
somebody who s these these evil thoughts
I can't imagine oh and you know it
I can we make everybody want to buy the
costume I can't imagine what the
original costume that we haven't let
them have looks like shit
hey I don't know about that they want
they wanted an original look and that's
the best they could come up with it's
not it's not a terrible conspiracy
theory mmm I've heard worse i Benzies
says here's two dollars in American
money which will be worth two dollars
USD in American money okay
my girlfriend and I watch your stream
every time people the good work guys you
do gamers a service everywhere thank you
thank you
Ivan easy fuck that jacket Sony and see
I'm saying it's Sony because they didn't
they couldn't come up with a good idea
like we got to do something fresh and
original anyone got any ideas Oh giant
wide spider
okay okay that's obviously a dumb idea
but you know thanks for throwing that
out there thanks for throwing this let
me get into a battle royale with the
Hobgoblin and Doctor Octopus the Green
Goblin mixed in and the vulture Oh once
that'd be great that'd be fun of a group
that'd be great um they're on the
juggernaut let me recreate that that
classic spider bed versus the juggernaut
issue of amazing spider-man they
definitely won't get the juggernaut yeah
they definitely will not get this
juggernaut um what do I do now it's got
a warm you know I'm not like I'm gonna
give a shit but we can do that this is
uh sound I know nothing about goddamn
war
you played the first one briefly I
didn't like it okay so what can you tell
me about God of War hey he you spams ex
and he swings his blades all around he
kills gods okay well if you had to
describe the gameplay describe God got a
for a brawler brawler okay great great
so now imagine right god of war instead
of being an action brawler okay no no
are they uncharted it called it right
off the bat
so what if they turn god of war into the
Last of Us nobody cares about game play
anymore nobody gives a rat's ass yeah
there's nobody hearing anything it's
quiet on my end
well then you know we usually turn it
down because it's just the music here
yeah good good Erna
cuz we're only playing these things when
we're Shay go back room
ya know just to keep God your windows
overlays getting to know you
yep got a war rich your mikogami what
what'd you find
oh so they went from button mashing -
nothing mashing like you know they had
the illusion of gameplay in the first
God of War I just got rid of all that
look at this so far I've been watching
like two minutes of not that much not
much worse dad ever
child abuse the game Kratos has never
been known for his subtle loving
compassion so I guess I'll accept it
it's game by growing up murdering your
father watching tomorrow your fucking
eye naughty dog ruined gaming they've
ruined gaming rich they absolutely
oh here's the thing to find yep trope
really brutal up this is literally a
section of glass it does it does look
incredibly like The Last of Us the
question is is if that can't how much of
that combat we're going to see how much
of that combat is largely scripted right
general kinsmen says a lot of lots of
people care about gameplay they just
aren't represented at e3 yeah
show me what you're made of fight this
giant ice monster
Spartan ready to go
it's it's tough to know exactly what
button they're pressing a lot of this
looks incredibly incredibly scripted but
at all right there right so gonna beat
you at home that Spider Man suit is
looking pretty good now
Turner returns and says I imagine you're
pressing X for a lot of that probably
like that that's been like the thing
with the God of War series is incredibly
cool looking things that you are not
really doing well it's gotta work yeah
that's the quick temperament exactly
wait for my mark relax it is simply a
target clear your mind
or think of it like an animal cuz that's
food and remember like there's a
rheticus first actual gameplay you say
I'm sure there are some button presses
involved with that fight I think there's
at least one or two button press
possibly third-person shooter up in here
they don't might be earlier well at
least the first was either one I really
tried to play to be fair right I mean
just a little bit mashie to me mm-hm I
mean this I don't like for like
different races sure sure sure
but this I correct me if I'm wrong this
doesn't really look like it plays much
like a God of War game am i right
no they're reimagining the series rich
look it's about a father-son
relationship very curious how the God of
War fans feel about this
Jirka well he's helping he's helping him
kill the boys got to learn the boys got
to learn to kill
you know rich press F to assure your son
you love him that's my job that's my job
that's my job that's my job

[B] glad I'm a god of warfare Oh it'd be
pretty hot broken right about now if I
weren't gonna watch Tiberius Kirk says
he is a god or they are God with war fan
hold on I haven't got a war fan this
looks like it will probably suck but it
might be better in other sections I
guess that's true it might be better in
other sections
barbarian parents simulator yes
nerdy Inc says now might be a good time
to pitch riches God of War mechanic but
with teddy bears and rainbow graphics
idea crap yeah yeah
lot of crap looks like a lot of crap and
yes obviously that is probably the first
you know however long that video was
that was the first five minutes of the
game yeah it could be drastically
different from from there or not but
that's what they're using to show that
is they're selling that's their pitch
right so what are we looking at you know
did you see did you see Detroit behind
you I've seen like literally nothing go
ahead let's watch the Detroit becomes
here the only thing I watched before we
streamed today was the spider-man
trailer and that was literally like ten
minutes before you got here okay so I
was talking on Twitter to someone and
they asked me a question which gets
asked a lot before we watch this which
is if you know because we have a problem
with the Uncharted series yeah and and
and they they wondered if that was
called something other than a game mm
like an interactive story would we still
have the same criticisms of it and I
said well you know that largely depends
you know the the real problem with
uncharted 4 was there were no choices to
be made even if it was considered an
interactive story well I mean that's
still whatever you're labeling it
something different Matic it's not a
game then it's just I have no interested
in well I guess that's what I'm saying
still no matter what you call and I have
no interested in that gets rid of the
interactivity yeah makes it in the first
place but and I cited to this as
something that I might be looking
forward to speaking of interactive
stories
as I guess where I was getting
please please you gotta see my little
girl
captain Allen my name is Connor
I'm the Android sent by cyber life it's
firing and everything that moves it
already shot down two of my men saving
that kid is all that matters so I think
you deal with this fucking Android now
or I'll take care of it yeah this is the
Detroit game
hi Daniel my name is Connor
there's no way out Daniel the only
question is whether or not you take
another innocent life
look what you did you were designed to
serve humans not kill them what was I
designed to be their slave their toy
you're a machine you have to obey now
put the gun down and let the hostage go
now it's my turn to decide
oh that's what you get rich you got
uh-oh
touch him and I kill you you can't kill
me
you like to eat Connor
this is what gets me excited about this
game
oh yeah well it smells Connor this is
our story
so that's the Detroit game Detroit
become human here's what gets me excited
about this game is if you look at
uncharted and my problem with Uncharted
is I don't think that's a good
comparison well but go on I'm gonna I'm
leading into something uncharted story
and gameplay live in two separate rooms
you are either blandly climbing on walls
or experience a cutscene that is the
story this appears the the store the
gameplay is the story you know so you
have choices it looks like a little
detective II it looks it looks like they
have found a way to interweave gameplay
and story which gets me excited totally
different games of course but I just
wanted that as a jumping off point
uncharted form had sparse gameplay yeah
you weren't doing all that much gameplay
no no no and like the gameplay you did
get the combat was a standard
third-person shooter mechanics insert
into cinematic game dude the platforming
was atrocious yes and it was so sparse
it was just everything about it is
terrible hmm even even the story is just
a dumb Indiana Jones not sure but that's
part right if this were a movie yeah
this were just a movie trailer I would
be interested yeah I would be in yo that
looks very interesting Syfy what what is
human what is humanity what is a
conscious that robot is yeah yeah that's
some interesting stuff I like that
detective stuff that could be
interesting it'd be really fun anything
yeah just looking at all the little bits
yeah and then and then you got a little
you got a little and then you got a
little your drama you gotta save the
little girl how are you gonna do it and
you apparently obviously we don't know
much get to choose how you deal with
that situation let's be really neat then
the stories part of gameplay yeah no no
everything about that interweave
rich I'm intrigued I am intrigued yes
and that's what I that's what I was
saying obviously obviously it's nothing
like uncharted but uncharted like so
many of those games don't interweave
story and gameplay and that's one of my
big problems with those games shadow
Springer Blade Runner Blade Runner well
they say there's a Blade Runner game
apparently Oh like announced this year I
don't know interwoven what it doesn't
mind me the clue movie yeah ps4
exclusive yes Detroit become human
thought I mean I'm very interested yeah
no no that's something I would keep my
eye on that looks neat sorry for not
reading tips during that uh the Zarya
spider-man shattered Dimensions had
great bosses from varying dimensions
Craven Green Goblin Hobgoblin vulture
electro Deadpool Deadpool juggernaut
carnage Doc Ock Sandman and Mysterio SH
I've never played it what do you watch
spider-man shattered Dimensions do we
have to add that to the playlist cuz
that sounds great hold on although I
will add that right now to the games to
play a list I do
spider-man you know what had lots of
choices Mass Effect 3 not really though
not really first - yes
it sucked most of them out of a third
one I'll let you do the same crappy
please but nice tribe thes are and to
get me riled up of course there Sean I
remember all the choices heavy rain had
most of them vanished on the second
playthrough when you learned many of
them had no real consequences yeah and
there's here's the thing like I said if
they made this a movie I'd be interested
hmm when are you gonna watch the Mass
Effect Andromeda trailer
god damn it says yonder yonder yes I'm
doing this for kicks
well maybe we'll get to it so I know in
any case I was I was a little interested
yeah I don't have much else to add to
that yeah a little interesting yeah
maybe it's sex maybe doesn't I don't
know I did see I saw in the chat earlier
you were wondering what exactly they
announced at the Xbox yeah you three the
total answer is Jack fucking shit I've
heard this somebody in the chat was
saying something about a number of
people I guess you can play xbox one
games on your Windows 10 PC male they
the they spent the majority of their
conference there their keynote touting
the the merger between Windows 10 and
Xbox one which is great news for people
who are peanut butter out of my
chocolate I just want chocolate but then
at the end of the conference they
announced not one but two new Xbox one
models - okay the Xbox 1s which is kind
of like the the slim cheaper version and
the Xbox one Scorpio which is like a
souped-up high-performance
Xbox one all games will play on all
systems but they spent the majority of
the conference saying like you can play
all these games on your Windows 10
computer but now we want you to play
them also on the Xbox and you buy a new
Xbox but teraflops
Oh goddamn it the best image I can get
of this fuck what do you know what I'm
trying to do you can see what I'm trying
to do I know it's just not work I just
put it together right what's the point
of buying an Xbox one then there is no
point that was that was the joke
he's like they'd spend the whole fucking
conference talking about how you can
play all their games I like on Windows
10 now play them all on Windows 10 the
other huge innovative groundbreaking
game shattering news okay are you ready
for this from the Xbox one keynote yeah
you can you can now order custom colored
controllers again you can get
controllers with custom colors on it
make it any color you want okay cuz I
was fucking around with this back to the
the oh the unwanted Xbox one Windows 10
merger what what games get like can you
play any game so legacy see the new
Gears of War yeah like what about all
the ones that are coming come on already
they're working on they're working on
backwards compatibility but all of the
games they announced were Xbox one and
Windows 10 I know people who own an Xbox
one yeah pissed about that but as
someone who can't stand shooters with a
fucking controller great
I wouldn't mind actually playing Halo
with a mouse and keyboard they're
working on it
only if you know only if I play the
older ones catch up what was everyone
talking about now is this about now that
I can properly play these are they any
good
oh my gears trilogy with a mouse they be
great mmm that'd be great that would be
great
why just ported to the fucking PC in the
first place by the Ilia whatever I don't
know hmm
you know yeah I I thought I thought Xbox
one had one of the Liao's iasts I mean
definitely the lousy ste of this year
but just of all time they they spent so
much time talking about all the new
Minecraft stuff which of course I mean
if Minecrafts like everywhere - it's
nothing like Xbox one oh no is the
minecraft it's their big one oh you know
Microsoft don't mind oh they bought
minecraft yeah oh they were the ones
about it shows you how much attention I
paid a Minecraft well I like I get it
minecraft is a huge property yeah but
you know there's other shit to talk
about and and then they spent so much
time on this goddamn customizable
coloured controller you can make them
all different colors you can make it you
can even engrave your controller put
your name on it make it your color your
controller and yes I know Project
Scorpio the Xbox Scorpio is specifically
built with VR compatibility in mind no
one fucking cares about VR no one they
keep trying to shove this shit gamers
don't want down there throws like you
know it's not VR it's it's connects yep
remember it remember remember the the
hotness that was 3d TV man that's gonna
change the way we watch TV oh no it
didn't go anywhere okay what 4k and your
30 inch TV that's huge waste but we can
give any blind we owe it to you you know
you don't care about 4k but well now but
you know you Netflix has some 4k stuff
you can stream 4k through the YouTube
you still don't you still don't care you
got 40 KD you'll have to buy a 60-inch
TV for it to make a difference we'll
sell you a 60-inch TV I'd be glad to
oh you mean I can get like a regular HD
60-inch TV for like 1/10 the price I
think I'll get that is that cool
I think I'll get that
all these V hard dick writers you know
what I'm happy for you if you are
excited about VR that's great the
general population does not give a shit
about VR just like the general
population does not give a shit about 3d
I'm only interested because it might
make a fun stream watching me with
something in my head I'm not protecting
my own do I need to break out the
numbers again rabbit rage Theo
remember do you remember the numbers
zero point zero zero three or something
0.03 percent of steam users are
currently using a rift and 0.09 percent
are using a vibe you nothing nobody even
combined they are using approximately
zero point zero point one percent of of
Steam users are using VR zero point one
percent it's gonna be nothing until they
can solve the tactile problems and the
space problems and so many problems the
cost problem like right now that is a
computer have you solved those two
problems they'll be people who will pay
the costs and then you slow adoption
where the price goes down but you need
space you don't want to have the whole
room dedicated just VR right and and
being able to touch these things I think
is important like your ghost in these
fucking fantasy worlds yeah it's the
wave of the future i mister glitch i
agree nobody likes clamping shit on
their face just to play a game or watch
TV oh you know sit sit down play a quick
game hold on for a second some kind of
fantasy fantasy technology I don't know
how many fucking years in the future
this would be but just fantasy
technology you have a headset
it's really just like a pair of
sunglasses yeah nothing nothing more
bulky or encumbering than that yep no
cord to get tangled on and some kind of
like arm leg gloves that somehow you
actually have the sensation of touch you
sure
then maybe you're you're starting to
cook yeah maybe you're starting to hmm
this is still gonna be a problem with
walking unless you want like the game to
be on some kind of specialized
360-degree treadmill every day have you
seen those no they have it
yes you haven't seen that you haven't
seen the 360-degree treadmill rich this
is a real thing
it's a VR device that holds you by the
waist and and it looks like it urinate
it looks like you're in a giant dish
okay and so you kind of walk this way
and you're walking slightly uphill
everywhere you know like a giant dish
it's a real real thing but but before
virtual reality is a thing that people
will be interested in they're still
hurdles oh there's so many hurdles so
many hurdles I'm trying to remember
anything else from the Microsoft the e3
the gears trailer looked really bland
and scripted yours trailer exactly it
looks exactly show dal ittle bit more of
the gameplay yeah they showed some oh no
that was Sony who showed some Final
Fantasy stuff and I don't care about
Final Fantasy and that's all I remember
from Microsoft's was it we can we can
cross Microsoft off the list
hey wait chat was there was there
anything else cool at the Microsoft
conference I honestly don't remember how
badly is the Xbox one doing it sales
wise yeah I have I can only assume it's
doing bad I think it's I mean it's it's
I got off the ground with a limp I
remember that much oh we have some tips
that's where this bit of art came from
let's see here
yonder yonder says the high-end Xbox one
is 4kv are capable that's the big
selling point at least in theory so
there's different Xbox ones they're
coming out one yep none of them play
like like they're not they're not really
doing something stupid where this one
could play games that the other one
can't I don't know they well they they
have said that every system will play
every game okay ever a lot of rumors
going on lately that some one or more of
the consoles is gonna move into this
kind of like interative console partial
generation thing which would just be a
horrible idea I think oh of course it
would yeah Microsoft explicitly said you
will be a link away the games on album
but it might be like a graphic setting
thing you know like like I said Project
Scorpio will have 4k resolution
gobbledygook says years ago I went to e3
it was a spectacle I used to watch it on
g4 every year then on IGN this year I
skipped it and prereq is my first and
only e3 coverage thanks guys I don't
forget DC Universe Online is ringing
bucks this is the way to do it we have
to sit through all those fucking then
you just look through what came out and
you don't get any of the bullshit I did
have it on in the background I was I was
joking some tweets but you know the
problem for me was the same time xbox
keynote was on so was Apple's Worldwide
Developers Conference keynote and so
like I'm once on my computer screen
I was watching Tim Cook talk about Apple
and over here I was watching some
dickhead talk about Microsoft games so I
was just like and then you know like
luckily Microsoft went to Minecraft was
like oh I can mute that and okay oh just
pay attention Apple then Apple started
talking about the iWatch oh okay I don't
care about the how much goes I want
hold on a team GF Stark says hello I
hope someone didn't already ask this but
have you guys considered getting the
oculus just so you can stream Star Trek
with Mike yeah they did
they've revealed a Star Trek bridge game
we we I won't care because it's a game
yeah they might play it once they go
that's neat and it'll never touch again
we might be able to get him in for that
if you have dreams of turning Mike or J
into gamers no definitely not with Mike
they just want they want a glimmer of
hope of one time Mike coming in here
yeah we have talked about getting a VR I
just don't care enough I just don't care
enough we already have a million
consoles and a million games that we
don't play it's a big expense for what
would end up in one stream one maybe a
couple streams
maybe maybe Alfonso's Sparkle fad says
hey guys just want to say that it's a
delight to watch you to derail the e3
bullshit hype train that's what we're
here for
they're saying we happy few they want us
to look up a we happy few was a was a
Microsoft thing I don't I don't remember
I don't remember this hey and watch this
shit right I am doing III news I haven't
watched it what's it called we happy few
that's what they're saying
sounds familiar oh sure sure I remember
this one
enjoy your freedom oh by the way you
know what I stopped playing Mirror's
Edge catalyst is your future just gonna
end I stopped I stopped playing it got
tedious tedious bullshit and I kept
getting lost
I tried picking it up again while
over watch was doing some server
maintenance as I picked up by are you
censoring the news I believe so yes
is this like a high-budget version of
the game that the papers please guy made
before he made papers please who said
new censorship down is this the same
person they just gave him a budget
no no I don't believe that's the Hulk in
shame that would be interesting
pussy pussy heaven I saw a picture or
read something that's a I heard a single
whoosh through the door since 10 o'clock
did you forget we're having Deirdre's
birthday party we've got a pinata right
brilliant of course have you forgotten
your toy well come on then finish up
just have a few more pages very busy
then don't take too long to finish well
I expect you in the conference room
presently don't dawdle
that's Corky I'm not sure what you do in
the game I'd like to know as it has a
very striking look so many frustrated
the filmmakers thought the tube mm-hmm
of course they'd have to break the chief
to get out I won't break you for
everybody
you know coming back oh you brew why did
you go
yep this was this was a screenplay from
from film school I'm waiting for some
kind of game to start nope I know it's
not gonna happen it's not gonna happen
you're not gonna get a game I'm very
sorry rich or Leo says this is a
roguelike the game is nothing in life
betrayal then why are you fucking making
this trailer this is the advertisement
for the fucking game because cable don't
care about gameplay anymore
they really don't though I'm sure that
comment about this being a road light is
a joke okay
you all take one of mine oh my lord
he's a down security we've got a downer
we've got a downer we've got a downer
we've got a down

[C]

[D]

[E]

[F]

[G]

[H]
