Episode 560
Slash'N'Dash (Part 1)
June 17, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wo6-6p7ohdA
___________________________________________

we're pointing that out I think that it
it doesn't mean but we did do a bunch of
tests and there is variety it just so
happens the ones we down the episode
didn't have a lot of variety to where
the pipe moved I didn't test before with
an entirely different puck and it was
more or less going across the board it
could land on any side didn't really
matter and then for some reason the Davy
went to shoot that one kept getting
stuck
every time we drop it not not like
between the pegs just like the friction
would stop it yeah yeah it's crazy are
you streaming we are streaming it takes
a while to catch up I just see people
saying hi to you now okay let's go say
it's not showing up on this twitch app
for some reason with the new twitch did
an update recently with that new update
do we have oh my god they're going on do
we need to worry about million more
don't have oh my god is going on alright
rich is streaming from Windows 10
tonight because of very complicated
reasons these are quantum break because
I'm quantum break and so we don't have
any of the Oh My gods or what the fucks
but we have James
author rated M for Mature
oh wait J are you seeing an
advertisement yes on our Channel
yeah something Jack just clapped right
on to his mic that's directly in front
of his face that there's no way he
couldn't know is not there something
some very exciting news that twitch just
announced for all of our subscribers you
actually get a real reward so right now
if you subscribe to us on Twitch you get
the use of all of our emotes and it
supports us and that's it oh they don't
get ads but now they don't get at yeah
that's nice so a new perk if you are
subscriber to any channel when you watch
that channel you will no longer see ad
I think that's really exciting that's
nice yeah that's all I have to talk
about we're done we're gonna thanks good
night out tonight thanks for all the new
subscribers
rich do you hand touch
yeah some people are saying they're
hearing devil that could be through the
TV which I just turned down everything's
good
when will we talk about juicy Shaq we
can talk about juicy Shaq need oh I want
that juicy Shaq me oh I was running some
errands the day after we shot that
episode uh-huh
and I was out in public wasn't like Home
Depot and target various places there
just throughout the day they would pop
into my brain and I was all by myself
and I'd just start laughing out loud in
the middle of the story probably looks
like a crazy person
hey that's great every time it popped
into my brain I could not stop laughing
turn down the game volume more right
after the cutscene skip cutscenes turn
otherwise I roll that way well it's a
great episode of best of the worst
please feel free to play Plinko so
constantly it was great have you
gentlemen happened to see any good bad
films lately hopefully without
gratuitous raping any and I think just
like bad movies outside of best of the
worst regularly is probably be right
yeah probably I haven't watched any
lately
okay I had a had a night alone and so I
rewatched in in preparation for Civil
War I rewatched Ultron and ant-man okay
the only one I really want to re-watch
his uh Winter Soldier which I'm seen
since the theater and I like that one
why does hyper light drifter like being
so comically loud just naturally that
way oh my God look how loud that yes
look at afar I have that turned down
well yeah you have to turn it on even
game I guess the cutscenes don't turned
out Oh Miss Lucy I haven't got any other
cutscene okay but it doesn't turn down
it's been really weird
once your soldiers such a good movie
it's a good movie really it's a good
just a good movie not a good Marvel
movie not a just a good comic book movie
or whatever you haven't seen it right
rich no you should see I know I should
so many people get shot in that movie I
will watch it before Civil War
yeah you should but it like it also has
so many good comic book ii things in it
mm-hmm I mean I'm so I'm so biased
against DC right I know you're selling
Marvel hey I don't go see all of the
Marvel movies you're such a Marvel fan
boy that you don't even see their major
releases J I have not seen the wish I
missed the witch in theaters I'm so
sorry if I've let anybody down but it
comes on VOD in like a week or two so I
watch it I regret missing the theater
though because I bet with a good sound
system oh yeah I've got a pretty good
sound setup at home so hopefully it
still has the same atmosphere an
anonymous wants to know did you end up
seeing entity entity the entity that was
the one who's talking about where
Barbara Hershey
I think it's Barbara she gets raped by a
ghost oh yeah I have not rewatched it I
saw it like 15 years ago and I haven't
seen it since okay
I think it's on blu-ray now it's called
the witch but it's spelled Vivi itch
that's the way it's spelt on the poster
yeah I don't know what that means they
don't know the significance of that I
haven't looked into it much Vivian
Levias thud UV rich wants to know if
this is a no death run I probably won't
be ok I won't try to die the goal of any
run is to be a no death row and I would
imagine right yeah you want to die as
little as possible in general you are
correct and no ant-man was not in
Avengers 2 he's going he's going to be a
new one he's gonna but it's not an
Avengers movie is it Captain America
there's a game called squishy the pig
James where the goal is to get yourself
killed
Oh squishing I like the name suicide Pig
family died he's an orphan he wants to
die okay and you have to get squishy
killed this way is it like hard to get
him killed is that the charity I by the
way I thought you were going to relate
squishy the pig to the Marvel Cinematic
Universe somehow and I was really
excited
did I miss a squishy the pig were well
what's squishy but there was spider-ham
there's leather
I remember spider-ham Peter porker Peter
Parker mm-hmm he's an important part is
shown up yes I love it just put the
musical stinger we can't hear it but
look at the city is beautiful beautiful
look at how beautiful this game is I
like the colors mm-hmm it's that kind of
it's like that kind of pixel art where
it probably took more time to make the
pixel art than it would have if they
were modern-day drivers and it coughs up
blood whatever it is your character yeah
why is a cup of blood she's sick he's
Hyperlite sick they don't give you any
dialogue in this you have to interpret
it from pictures yeah oh that's right
it's not this this time it's lupus that
we played a game called who's your daddy
and I think you told me about this one
person is a baby and one person is a dad
and the baby has to try to kill himself
that's right oh yeah I think I saw you
playing a bit of that that's a crazy
game I kind of looked
I came called Parenthood if you play it
every day cuz kids are dumb they're
always unintentionally about to get
themselves killed right no sense of
self-preservation you gotta beat that
into him
MC Lucas says hey rich Jack and J thanks
for the great best of the worse and
thanks for the stream LOL fuck my juicy
shaq mean thank you you're welcome
Lucas humberto cabbage passes I saw some
people were tweeting that image the rich
with next to Shaq like between it to
Shaq yes I can only imagine what he's
thinking if you scrolling through baby
please please check get ahold of us we
want to talk to you about you know your
thoughts on cannibalism I saw some some
interesting comments disagreeing with
with Shaq as the ideal meal because they
said any athletes would would have liked
would have used their muscles a lot and
that would make the meat really stringy
hmm so you know like you'd have to cook
it longer but I still think there'd be a
good fat meat ratio I think so a lot of
football players still have like beer
bellies and stuff yeah they'd be good
but they say that the the meat wouldn't
be the bests because like the best me
like the Tenderloin on the cow they
don't use their back very much it's just
a big piece of muscle that they don't
use very often sure okay like this
always tell stories okay just images
yeah okay there need images yes
beautiful and we didn't think of Kobe
Kobe beef oh that would have been a joke
that's a missed opportunity that's it
that was a missed opportunity because
we're not really sports guys did you
guys watch basketball at all the
basketballs i watch football you can't
you can't I can't grow up anywhere near
Chicago and not have watched basketball
oh I suppose you're right
that's just physically that's true yeah
you're absolutely right everyone loved
the Bulls
specifically Michael Jordan yes oh yeah
but I mean people even not from Chicago
love the Bulls we love the Bulls in
Milwaukee mm-hmm because all we had was
the Bucks that's all we still have
anybody care about the Bucks no not even
the Bucks care about the Bucks
humberto Cabbage Patch - Jay thank you
for recommending me Oh
maze great Angela Bettis was so creepy I
loved it do you have any other
lesser-known character movies that you
would recommend uh well if you liked me
the director of may Lucky McKee that a
movie called the woman a few years ago
that's really great oh man it's funny
because that's a whole movie it's it's
about this family they live like on a
farm and the the father is very he's
very abusive towards all the females in
the family mm-hmm his wife and his
daughter and his wife is Angela Bettis
who was in May and he finds a Ferrell
woman that lives in the woods and he
trapped her and chains her up in his in
his barn okay and that actor that plays
that dad is also the guy that keeps the
woman locked up in the movie room it's
the same actors it was horribly
distracted as like it's a character he
just keeps women locked up in barns
that's those are the only roles he'll
take he's good movies that's great so
I'd recommend that another one that just
came out butts on VOD right now called
Darlene which the daughter from which
movie was I just talking about the woman
the daughter from the woman is in that
and she is hired to watch after this
this large expensive estate mm-hmm and
she's a little unhinged and it's in
black and white it's very minimalist
it's very artsy the kind of shit I love
that will probably drive some people
crazy but artsy atmospheric minimalist
horror it's great tell me Darlene it's
very good very creepy oh great great
great uh turtle the wise wants to know
checking out Keanu or through third
third sorry checking out Keanu on
Thursday okay I get it now rewatched
John wick to prepare for this
hilariousness I'm a big key and Peele so
I know like a deal with it but what do
you guys think
can't wait for green room to green room
is my most anticipated movie of the year
it looks a lot like a lot of fun oh my
god I'm so excited
I don't know much about Keanu I know
it's a key and Peele movie that's all I
know what else do you need to know I've
seen I haven't seen that much other
stuff
they're funny I've seen some of their
sketches and they're funny you can I see
more I haven't watched a lot of it I've
seen just them as performers another
movie sure I like both of them but I
haven't watched a lot of their show
before I hear their name I think of
Kevin and Kel
Kenan imitating hell yeah the good
burger kids
it's very confused a good burger so I
good oh yeah yeah they are the good some
other things yeah one of them went under
the unser is even on Senate live I think
he's been on there longer than any other
cast member now I believe you are Kenan
which is kind of crazy
no Kel Kel does a lot of voice work oh
he does he I just remember he was in the
mystery man movie yep that's the only
other thing I remember ever seeing him
in most notably his voice is a dog on
Clifford the Big Red Dog for PBS
Clifford still a thing that's still well
it's not a thing anymore because John
Ritter did the voice of clown so
unfortunately all right Pete
r.i.p all right Pete everyone by the way
because everyone just keeps fucking
dying fucking fucking hell man Prince
for the record that was filmed before
yeah the Prince three days before he
died we found that episode or Jeff
mentions Prince oh and I'm just a fan of
Prince which is why I mentioned him have
you ever seen Purple Rain it's been far
too long I watched it the other night
cuz I'd never seen it before I was like
well that was a good reason to watch it
yeah not that good no I know some people
loved that movie and as I was watching I
was trying to figure out if they liked
it like like it for a camp
value or if they genuinely liked it cuz
I don't think it works for either no I
don't think anyone genuinely likes it as
a movie they just love Prince that much
well he's grabbing the performances the
musical
performances in it are great and that's
why they love it yeah I've never seen it
it's like an album kind of phone like
they know it's a story it's like it's
really really melodramatic which is what
I didn't like it's weird because it
starts like he's performing in a club
and he's Prince and he's awesome but
then he goes home and you see his
domestic life which is he lives with his
mom and dad and his dad is very abusive
towards his mom so it cuts from him like
doing his printing of this club to his
dad like smack and his mom around in the
house and then Prince walks in and he's
dressed like Prince so there's like this
this contrast there that I thought was
hilarious he's like dad know that smacks
him around is like this is awkward and
weird and it doesn't work I don't know I
mean I'd like to watch it it just
because I like the the musical
performances but it has a movie they I
don't know I didn't I don't know what
people like about I believe that's the
general consensus okay is everyone reads
that it's like this terrible and also
horribly self-indulgent movie because
basically he didn't direct it but it's
like basically supposed to be the story
of Prince yeah I suppose but everyone
loves the music from it because the
music from it is great because it's
Prince right and everything he does
musically is great but I know I did not
rewatch Purple Rain I just listened to
every single Prince album on the face of
it hear over and over and over again I'm
tempted to watch he did a follow-up
movie called graffiti bridge which is
the same character read from Purple Rain
and it's got like a ten percent on
Rotten Tomatoes or something it's like a
notorious flop and I watched the trailer
for it and it looks like every early 90s
music video like it looks terrible and
it's supposed to be terrible I'm
actually more interested in seeing that
one oh that sounds great
best of the worst prints films I would I
I think we would all just be too sad
yeah it's too soon it's too soon too
soon there's not enough of them under
the cherry moon is the only other one
which I don't really know what
boom there's three well yeah but then
we'd have to watch them well movies that
feature prints music aside from BAM I
mean I'm sure he has songs on
soundtracks but Batman's the big one of
course then again the probably aren't
many shitty movies with prints music
right no prints did did it to do but I'm
excited about Keanu I haven't seen that
word star I don't know much about it but
that's I'm really it's it does have
something to do with John wick isn't
like a parody here's the thing the key
and Peele have stated over and over
again that it is not a parody of John
wick they wrote it before John wick even
though the movie Keanu is about them
rescuing their kitten that was stolen
which is very similar to John you know
how John wicks movie gets started yeah
but they they keep saying over and over
again but this is not a parody and the
rumor is I don't know if this is
confirmed that Keanu Reeves does the
voice of the kitten Keanu okay in the
Cameo but it's fucking key and Peele and
they're brilliant and hilarious that's
all that matters with Keanu let's see
here
one small ball wants to know when you
hacks are going to do a commentary track
for 'crawl that movie has the best love
story ever put on film I have to watch
Kroll first okay there you go
someone with the glaive the the weapon
weapon yeah because of love right yeah
the power of love oh yeah not to be
confused with Huey Lewis and the news is
power of love it marriage is the real
weapon because marriage will just
destroy you that's what happens in
purple rain too damn visionary got him
I had I was just putting out a prints
mix I was driving around with my boys
and all of a sudden I hear the first
couple of riffs of sex EMF I go up next
what next not that one I can't listen to
that one yet
one day they were very confused while I
was listening to this weird music I said
you'll get it when you're older what the
fuck
it's a prince song called sex EMF I keep
hitting that button and the chorus is
you're a sexy motherfucker and he it
makes you feel like a sexy motherfucker
because that's the power of print that's
the power of prints
I don't think princess is enough power
to make me feel safe you listen to more
Prince we'll all right did air rich yeah
I am so used to you as the guy who falls
down and is the butt of jokes that when
seeing your work like the not Plinko
machine I go oh yeah that guy's an actor
and not just clumsy I'm clumsy too I
think that bit comes from real life I'm
saying I'm saying art imitates reality
the riddle of Steel has an important
question what is the best in life to
strike down your enemies dizzy enemies
crashed before you press before you I
think that no to crush your enemies see
them driven before you and the
lamentations of them hear the
lamentations of the women the workout is
like coming PS have y'all heard of
sunless sea it's a weird rogue liking
game about being a ship captain in an
ocean full of monsters under the earth
yes we have it's on the official list of
games to play the riddle of Steel oh oh
oh no someone is mentioning an OBS thing
I didn't I don't see anything wrong with
what do they say Oh what's wrong what's
wrong
look so look at the OBS screen do you
see how like we're not seeing stuff now
click on OBS and go to edit scene or a
right clip on right click on Game
Capture and just make sure that it is
position and size and fit the screen oh
that's weird
yeah you guys you guys are not seeing
the full wood that's so weird and that
is very weird
oh well I guess they're seeing enough of
it
cropping no go to edit scene and just
see where the written you know what
here's alt enter
oh that's put you small oh no oh yeah
now you see all of it yeah but oh no
look good now you're we're getting black
bars around the whole thing their mind
just go back to full screen it's fine
everything is fine they said they'd see
the action that's all it matters you
just want to see yeah yeah they see the
act
just keep talking about things I'll fuck
around with this okay great anonymous
says just listen to the alien commentary
rich did you end up ever watching alien
3 the director's cut or Alien
Resurrection I've seen a before healing
through a long time ago I saw the
theaters a director's cut though oh no
no it's not the director's cut it's I
think it's called the assembly cut there
will never be a director's cut because
their adventure is disowned it well he
wants nothing to do with it after being
fucked over not Jeff mag gum man gum not
Jeff Mangum says good burger was awesome
because George Clinton was in it so was
able go to r.i.p he was left out of the
oscars during the in memoriam last year
was he fuckin Abe Vigoda
those dicks it almost it almost makes
sense like it almost seems appropriate
because they say because he's a Virgo to
picture his face and make him at like
sad face and it's like almost
funny that he was left out Oh
every year they leave out two or three
like super important people it's but
it's tough cuz I mean so many people die
in a year yeah but I mean something like
that that's not like they decided to
omit him that's like they clearly just
missed it they overlooked him that's too
bad yeah okay name daughter Clinton
doesn't necessarily make a movie good he
was also in pchew pchew is good I mean I
haven't seen it in like 15 years but I
remember liking it
I'm sure it's everyone liked it when
they were like in high school yeah but
I'm sure seeing it as an adult it can't
be that I mean Jon Favreau's in it's
almost be something Oh Windows 10 what's
going on I don't I don't know it's just
not displaying okay because it's stupid
pants you know who directed PC you who
do the the the hunky man that Aaron's
fighting over in Supergirl your that you
know what for some reason I went to the
Supergirl TV show that's the hunky man
who Supergirl in the which were fighting
over yeah he directed PC you really yep
I like knowing that is windows teddy key
for sharing really really not giving me
an option to change the resolution of
what of the screen there we go here we
go I found it is for some reason this is
hidden this very important thing they're
they're trying to simplify they're
they're try to be a pain in my ass is
what they're trying that could be
let's see here that guy from the
Scotland hey guys I was wondering if you
were as excited as I am about the Ben
Hur remake the CGI horses look great and
Morgan Freeman looks like Whoopi
Goldberg well that's a selling point I
wasn't excited before but now I am hi
from Scotland lol cure Odawa mole blood
I don't know anything about this then
hurry I didn't even know they were
making you Ben area so but now because
Whoopi Goldberg is gonna be in it vo
Morgan Freeman as will be a baby so now
I'm exciting Purple Rain is pretty bad
but it's still better than cool as ice
Wow most things are better than cool as
ice
right alright I think that's good that's
good enough sure at the very least
that's good for you does that thing go
away it's like and deal with that okay
great
you know what great that's great the
riddle of Steel says J is the only one
worthy of Conan's mantle and kromm's
blessing yeah okay you are you are the
only one worthy rich must say Mass
Effect 3 not only retro actively ruined
the series it ruined Bioware how would
you ruin Bioware what's not I got
bullshit don't you do how what would you
do with hey settle down everybody yeah
how would you have changed Mass Effect 3
is ending I think it asked this question
every week you just go into our archives
for fuck's sake I think that that it's
got bigger problems seriously it's not
just a simple matter of rewriting the
ending you have to read and write at the
very least you have to rewrite the
entire last game at the very least yeah
you said they got rid of like a lot of
dialogue there were a lot of dialogue
options they weren't really it was clear
in hindsight it was quite actually from
the second game I hope that was wrong
that they didn't have an ending in mind
they weren't working towards an ending
sure and when they got to the ending
they didn't know what the fuck to do and
they pulled some bullshit out of their
ass
is what happened as a reminder if anyone
decides to send us a copy of Mass Effect
Andromeda when it does come out rich
will destroy it on camera without
playing it that is a promise from rich
Evans I'm plagued distracted no fucking
oh sorry yeah sorry yeah you ruined my
game and now it's wrecked three ruined
Hyperlight drones everything Oh God AE
Carter I hope that's not true a card is
saying Mass Effect 4 will start with
part three all being a dream that would
be bullshit you know what I'd be fine
with that second chance it's fine maybe
that would just be them admitting that
they made a mistake it was all a dream
that's bullshit
WOB Rex does Mike really prefer Mac over
PC yes and why would that hack fraud
have such a bad opinion is it a bad
opinion but Kevin with Windows here yeah
I hate Windows yes I hated Windows for a
very long time though those of us in
this very room who edit all edit on Macs
yes
Mac's are very nice and they're easy to
use everything works everything works
all the time and they're great it's not
so great when you want to say like run
certain games on them because you know
they're not they were they're new to the
whole gaming thing so I do have a
Windows 7 dual boot on all of my Mac
machines so either I can play games but
all my editing and stuff is on Macs and
everybody likes Mac's all the time even
you even you like that you told me
well bricks doesn't you remember don't
you remember you we had this
conversation a couple weeks ago where
you said Macs are so great and Steve
Jobs is passing was such a tragedy which
ones
oh fuck Steve Jobs he was a jerk
anything I've ever heard about it makes
him sound like a complete
I can ask him he gave us some wonderful
thing he's such an asshole they had to
make two movies about his life in the
last three years and both of them are
just look at what an asshole this guy
it's really true true no lies will you
gentlemen do an abbreviated half in the
bag or clickbait video regarding the
extended version of Batman V Superman
I'm oddly fascinated can't help but
think it will be better I'm assuming it
would be better just because there's
probably more scenes in it that connect
the dots I'm sure a lot of the plot
holes and things that don't make sense
in the movie are the result of edits
were I to guess but I have no desire to
re-watch it like even in an extended
form just to compare like right yeah I
mean if it's just violence then no it's
not gonna fix anything no I'm assuming
it's more than that I'm assuming there's
full scenes that are cut so the entire
scene discussing Lex Luthor's elaborate
backstory and setting him up as a
character was filled with vaginas and so
they had to cut that cut it cuz I'm all
the vaginas that's a cut it for because
of all the vaginas and so in the
extended director's cut the r-rated
directors got we're gonna get a lot more
characters is there a scene that makes
any of a scheming makes sense it's
filled with vaginas you know yeah I
don't know I'd be curious to hear about
what some of the additions are but it
would take a lot to get me to rewatch
that thing you know oh god it's just a
joyless movie joyless movie that's the
worst how glad were you that Adam
Sandler is going overboard wasn't
selected very someone who's seen a
little bit of it I've seen like 15
minutes of it all I know is like we've
we've tried bad comedy before and it's
usually the worst it never works out
fuck it it never ever works out
also the alien 3 director's cut would be
a blank tape it's still worth a watch
because David Fincher is a genius says
hi Kiki I like alien 3 I even like the
theatrical cut okay but I really like
the assembly cut hmm that's depressing
movies depressing but it's good you like
being depressed in films I do but I
think it's a solid movie anyway I like
the cinematography is great the the
alien looks great there's some wonky
visual effects but that's just a product
of the times mm-hmm I need to watch
movies that keep me from killing myself
look at all these crows and hoodies hey
coolest fuck just chilling that David
Fincher he knows how to make a movie did
you hear did you know that that he makes
good movies David Fincher
yeah what movies does he made uh I don't
know if I've seen any of his movies I
was trying to think of a joke answer
there he did he did the fight clubs
right he did fight yeah that's a good
movie you did has it been a parody video
called fart club is this a thing that's
happened some time don't share that link
with fart clothes don't smell about fart
Club you're like you're like 12 years
too late with this gold parody video but
still gold he did lady with the Dragon
Tattoo yeah you never really smelled
unless she had a fart this is a it's a
fine it's a fine movie I thought it was
dull why I liked it the theater do you
know we're talking about rich girl
Dragon Tattoo oh I thought about Fight
Club yeah fight clubs I though the girl
who drank the two assault in the theater
we did it on half in the bag all right I
liked it well enough but I rewatched it
and a couple years ago
and I really liked it a lot more the
second time and that's the same thing
that ever with gone girl I just
re-watched gone girl and I liked it so
much better the second time
have you ever seen zodiac no zodiac
movie that's his best movie oh it's
great okay no I liked him as a filmmaker
and I think he has a really I think he
has a good eye I think he knows how to
compose is seen very well well he's very
meticulous he's like a like a Cooper
and and so it's just like the the lady
with the Dragon Tattoo was so beautiful
yeah and every snowy backdrops oh man it
looks great and just you know when when
she's in the office with that horrible
man making her do horrible things oh
everything was so tense and beautiful I
just I thought the plot was dumb it was
like a it's very pulpy and that's the
same of gone girl
it's BSI episode that's you can say that
about gone girl that's what's weird
about David Fincher as he takes that
type of material and he just elevates it
it's like like slick cold style and like
great performances that's right is
noticing and re watching gone girl all
the all the side characters are like
perfectly cast oh yeah I meant to get
around to ganguro Lee at least I read
the book and really liked it yeah and
then there's just one of those like I
will go see it
wait it's three and a half hours it's
two and a half hours long very long it
doesn't feel long at all though okay it
flies by well that's good to know
Oh ream on Jack I remember from prereq
review episodes that you have a hell of
a competitive streak are you able to
suppress that when you play games with
your kids or do you crush their spirit
love you Jai I crush their spirit
jumpers yeah that's tough i I i suppress
I suppress my competitive urges I do get
really annoyed by a lot of their games
they love the Lego games like they like
to have a Lego Batman game yeah and it
bothers this just because it's a little
kid exactly I understand that it's a
little kid game but I hate it and you
know they want to play it with me and
I'm just like no you play it by yourself
but no we'll play Mario Kart and you
know I'll hang back with them and just
have fun I can have fun too
mmm the fun comes from watching them get
excited and enjoy the game existing
right exactly exactly let's see here
Duarte Nigel was wizard actually as
annoyed as he looked during the plink at
Oh best of the worst yes we all hate
each other
everybody's mad at each other all the
time I didn't I don't know if that's
common knowledge everyone knows that we
genuinely dislike each other but or and
I'm just throwing that out there
it's it's a comedy show and we were
being funny where everything is
heightened no just I'm just putting that
out there as an option where maybe a
funny thing happened PS rich Evans
reminds me of the aliens from the
beginning of fifth element I'd still let
him impregnate you though one of the
aliens from the beginning I haven't seen
that movie in forever I'm trying to
remember the aliens from the beginning I
don't I don't remember sure it's not
flattering no well well then dirty Nigel
you can go ahead and fuck off how about
that Jay says hab 78 Patrick Stewart as
a neo-nazi villain in green room fuck
yeah it's gonna be amazing gonna be
great I just hope he's utilized far
better than he was in conspiracy theory
that film was a joke
I've never seen a movie I didn't know he
was in it more than day punks versus
Nazis yes great all set in one room I I
don't know if the whole thing is set in
one room I'm assuming not the whole
thing but one room a large chunk of it
I'm so excited for that movie I don't
even know when it comes out hopefully
soon mm-hmm if you have not seen blue
ruin I think it's still on Netflix go
watch blue ruin
honks versus pottsy's or honks versus
pottsy's that's that'll be the porn
parody of greenroom Grinspoon that's
awful I'm bad you should feel I don't
make a living making porn parody name
luckily somebody does though somebody
and then that wonderful thing not
anymore they're all lazy now all the
porn parody names are lazy now now they
just do blank and blank the porn parody
really signs oh there I actually read an
interview in the a/v Club with some guy
that those porn parodies yeah he's
talking about how he's trying to bring
back or he has brought back the the
punny oh good so that's not just you
know the Simpsons the xxx parity right
by Seinfeld the porn
yeah no he's free tries to give him like
quote-unquote funny titles so good
that's part of the fun he seemed like a
nice guy seemed intelligent about what
he was doing I guess not everyone
involved in porn is some sleazy weirdo
I'm calling my next one who's eating out
Gilbert Grape now we know what rich
Evans does in his free time
why didn't you tell us about this
amazing part-time job you have his job
is just coming up with the titles though
oh yeah absolutely
Hey absolutely
speaking of Bioware says Homme tardy I
was reminded that Witcher 1 ran on mass
effect ones engine which leads me to my
real point you guys really really should
play witcher 3 it deserves all the hype
it's received LOL fuck my cock but I get
no noted and ignored ha ha ha or just
noted you don't want to get into hopping
in the long game how about noted and
will be forgotten
oh that's cool I love it and look at his
house his hand is on the mountain yeah
that's neat oh that you saw him from a
distance long enough for two away oh did
you
awesome that's awesome
sick Nick bro I there a lot of people
are tipping right now and so I'm just
trying to get through him if I haven't
gotten to yours yet hold on and he's not
going to I'm working through him up
where also I'm trying to you know we
hello we started conversation I want to
finish that conversation before my next
sell down error buddy
see it's a lot do you hear it you hear
just keep calm and you hear him you hear
it yeah we just probably won't get to
witcher 3 because it's a long ass game
and we have far too many games to play
as it is and you know it's it's gone
it's not gonna happen
hey Jack hi rich and AJ says bacon
Jacobs sing-songy shit jacket sing
second have you considered doing a vest
over the worst movies that star juicy
Shaq meet like Kazaam steel and Kazaam
that's the problem
yeah he did that movie blue chips with
Nick Nolte but I don't know that's like
a normal movie maybe a transformer style
simultaneous viewing I don't think we
could handle it I don't think that'll
ever it's too much Shaq but I've seen
steel they played it at B fest 1 years
oh yeah and that was pretty fun I've
never seen Kazaam a movie arista rappin
genie yeah I'm sure it's terrible I
would love to do a bad superheros one
with steel yeah you could do that or you
could do
bad movies starring like sports people
there's plenty of those ago I like that
wasn't what's the tennis problem one
called with that jean-claude van damme
Double Down
double double team tt-then double
fountain completely different oh my god
I I was I was just sacrilegious to our
Lord and Savior Breen yeah I think we
have a copy of that movie the
jean-claude van damme one mm-hmm
was that his only movie did that I know
of okay but that doesn't mean anything
you might have cameos and stuff but I
think that was his only like starring
vehicle sure as I know absolutely
there's only one they probably got an ad
on network TV yeah yeah maybe you did
some direct a video stuff I don't even
know
Oh Kogan films oh you know a wrestler
films sure suburban no I see you know
with muscles muscles is what I always
think about every year for the Christmas
no holds barred no holds barred has some
great moments in it I don't know that
one that was the first big one that was
the movie that introduced Zeus the
wrestler zoos oh how could I forget bad
the Battle of the tough guys that was
the name of the big competition at the
end really semi humorous okay oh my god
the Battle of the Battle of the tough
guys but there's a great scene where
Hulk Hogan intimidates a guy pulls him
out of a car and the guy shits his pants
and Hulk Hogan's like what's that smell
and the guy goes Sookie and that's the
same it sounds horrible it's great Ocoee
goes Dookie and on the senior Stan's
brother Dookie brother super Dukey
brothers
super
coming to a Nintendo Entertainment
System near you
anonymous wants to know if we've checked
the mail since Monday I have some mail
in my truck right now I what last night
to the post office have it open it yet
oh there's one with air holes in it it's
probably what earlier in the week too so
what what are you looking for that's out
that's it I got some movies there you go
anyways have you seen the Power Rangers
knockoffs like superhuman samurai or vr
troopers no because I was an adult when
that shit started coming out also no
I've seen the newer Power Ranger stuff
because they're still making that shit
I'll doing it of course they are and
it's you know they still do some guy in
a big cardboard costume stuff but not
not as much they don't do it doesn't
have the charm of the whole thing well I
remember the original show it was just
Japanese from the Japanese show right so
they had all this footage just like now
they have to shoot new stuff so it's
really where they don't do it as much I
guess you know like they still do guy in
a big cardboard costume but they don't
do as much miniature stuff you know
because before you'd have those
sequences of you know the the giant
mechs coming to the Power Rangers that
was all like done in miniature and
beautiful yeah
but now it's all just CG no that's lame
but yeah they still get some guy in big
cardboard suit stuff which is fun did
you guys see what's her name is Rita
Repulsa Oh Elizabeth Banks Lizabeth
Franklin I did and I mean it doesn't
look anything like the character that I
write know that what she looks like
I like Elizabeth Banks oh did you hear
about they're doing a new white hat
American summer series I did now it's
gonna be a sequel to the original movie
yep the ten to ten years eight years
later yep so great excited I mean that
series was fantastic deej a ski mask
come on it's so great I you know it was
funny it was very funny I a lot of the
jokes centered around
for instance to the movie no I mean some
did but it's also supposed to contain
with the movie she's worth a lot of it's
more than just references most of the
jokes were just references to him
I wouldn't say most I'd say the the
proper amount where it didn't go
overboard he was fine
I liked anything that gets those guys
back together again I'm okay with yeah
I'm okay with J is worthy of the mantle
because he knew the words and what is
best in life it took me a little while
but I remembered him even if he has a
tiny skeleton J could you talk a bit
about creature effects Cudi oh also the
thing commentary maybe uh can you talk
about did they talk about creature
effects in the thing commentary can you
combine those these aren't a lot about
the creature effects in the thing
commentary I don't know if it's the
commentary or the some of the interviews
really talk about how a big part of why
the effects in that movie look so great
is the way they're lit which is true
keep it all in shadow and keep it all on
shadow and covered in slime you know
cover up those seams with just shadows
and get it wet and get it wet
Chet rich is playing which is why I'm
paying virtually Bute that was that was
always a good tip that I saw is like if
you have like a little like puppet thing
and you want it to look real just get it
wet oh sure and a glistening ya know has
a little rubber right gotta get it wet
oh man I just got Krampus on blu-ray
which most like wide release movies a
lot of them I don't even bother getting
anymore sure when I if I do I'll usually
just give them digitally because Studios
don't care about like extras anymore or
anything right
but the Krampus blu-ray has a fair
amount of stuff on it and it's got a
whole thing dedicated to the creature
effects cuz it's all like puppets and
practical creatures and stuff oh not all
but a lot of it is that's great
so I was watching that and I'm showing
them the designs and how they you
puppeteered I mean everything just warm
my heart to see a movie made in the last
year that has all these like practical
creatures in it I think if you make a
movie like that it kind of has to be
well it doesn't have to be unless you
have a director that is fighting for it
that cares about stuff like cares about
stuff like that ya know that Krampus I
love that Krampus you gotta watch
Krampus I do have to watch Krampus it's
not my list
yeah show it to your kids maybe not yeah
I'm - come here ha ha
maybe band gremlins oh I can't wait be
good double seater because they're kind
of similar as far as the tone goes can't
wait for gremlins and ghostbusters like
one day gremlins and Ghostbusters and
Jurassic Park one day we're gonna have
an awesome movie night there you go
Jurassic Park they can probably watch
earlier than the other ones it's pretty
intense
yeah you know but Dee in 10 member scene
in the theater Jurassic Park and I don't
think we knew that it was going to get
that intense so we took my little sister
oh no it was like oh god how old would
she have been six maybe five or six one
once shit got real once like the t-rex
showed it showed up she was like crying
and in our laps the whole movie no
didn't wanna leave because it was so
great so we just I just tortured her for
the rest of the movie because we wanted
to watch it of course Jesus she's still
a sissy excuse I guess tiny kids are
sissies yes mr. Lister he's not wrong
yeah anonymous says I watched Inland
Empire yes and I don't get it
no how do I get it you don't great you
just absorb it boom David Lynch in
general there's no clear-cut answers
just watch the boy 2016 for the second
time so I assume you mean just watch to
the boy 2016 for the second time for as
stupid as it was I liked it I kind of
wanted to see it I didn't see in the
theater like it looks dumb but it looks
like it might be kind of fun with like
the doll little doll yeah although there
was another movie released last year
called the boy 2 with Rainn Wilson and
maybe some other people oh it's
completely unrelated but the other two
movies that came out within like six
months of each other called the boy over
the wide release one is someone with the
doll ah gotcha
I was curious to see it even though it
looked dumb as hell it did but I liked
that lady she's a lady she's in The
Walking Dead's oh um lauren cohan
i think that's her name you guys
couldn't see but I was making if I
couldn't tell you anyone on The Walking
Dead other than Michael Rooker the lady
the lady you've watched all of the
walking dead right I am up-to-date on
the walking dead yes okay Michael Rooker
do you know who that is the actor yes
who is it was in the first season yeah
he cuts off his hand on the roof in the
first season yes how prominent is he
later in the series because I would
continue watching just for him because
he's the best he's he's not here he's in
one episode
he's in a small part of one episode of
the second season but then in the is it
the third of the fourth season in what
in one of the later seasons he is
prominent okay he is very prominent and
I want to say I've really want to say
this for third I forget I don't even
know what season there are now because I
got so bored with that show but maybe
maybe someday maybe I'm like a rainy day
I'll catch up on it it gets real good
and then and it's starting to Peter off
again yeah you know it's there's just so
many bad things that can happen in one
group of people where eventually you
just want them to die because you're
like why the fuck do I care about
they're facing the greatest challenge
they've ever faced
what's the the
I mean like thrust of the show like what
are they trying to do survive just
survive there's no like end goal or like
they're trying to get to a certain
location each each season has its own
little thing okay widget that's and
that's part of the reason that season
two was so god-awful was just that on a
farm just them on a farm
yeah but then season three comes along
they have a goal in mind and then every
season after that they've had a thing
okay we're gonna do this thing or we're
gonna go to this place
maybe one day I'll try to watch it I got
so bored with it we this ooh this won't
be spoiling anything but the the season
just the latest season just ended and
and we just watched the the very last
episode of the latest season and all the
main characters are faced with their
greatest challenge ever
until the next greatest job exactly and
you know the bad guy comes around and he
said he's gonna you know he has to beat
up one of them he's like I gotta beat
the shit out of one of you cuz I'm the
leader of this gang and I gotta beat the
shit out of wanting because you messed
up my game right it's kind of an intense
moment it's fun but there's a large
group of our heroes there and we don't
know which one he's gonna beat up and
then it cuts to a POV shot of one of our
heroes as he starts beating them as the
lamest cliffhanger oh okay that was I
heard some I heard people complaining
about how horrible the cliffhanger was
that's what it was that's what it was
okay we don't know who got beat up
because it's a POV shot as he's beating
them up and so I was like oh that's the
cliffhanger you gotta get something to
get people come back if you eat up
exactly I won't know until next season
if you use that cheap bass tactic then
you got something wrong yeah that sounds
lame this super lame to be fair I don't
think it's being beaten up I think more
than was being murdered he specifically
says that he doesn't want to kill any
I've seen the panels from the comic book
it's clearly a murder they you know
mister they've changed a lot throughout
the course of the series from the comics
though probably
do-do-do-do-do man where are we hey rich
you can you complain you complained
about Nintendo 64 but now you can play
Zelda Ocarina of Time oh shit stop stop
it it moves it moves the tips when you
dip now you can play Zelda Ocarina of
Time and Majora's Mask on the 3ds with
better graphics also link between world
is 100 times better than this hyper
light shit that's fine I did I say this
is the best game that ever existed I
don't know about that this is a pretty
cool game I like the combat veteran this
mm-hmm oh yeah than any Zelda game which
is just yeah I think there's a there's
an arguments there is there's a fine
argument against Ocarina and I like
Ocarina of Time but I think there's a
fine argument against Twilight Princess
did it better
yeah yes and you haven't played Twilight
Princess in a while
Twilight Princess is oh you're nuts and
a ton of cutscenes and and and why do
you go to will phase all the timing know
it doesn't make any sense
Twilight Princess Twilight Princess is
better or Eric on a career arc are no I
know ocarina it's bad timing then time
fluid is I'm sorry
yeah it's improved on the formula it
does the same thing it is basically the
same overworld and it does it all better
yeah it does a lot of things but it does
combat better it does not do overall
game better than that ocarina I'm sorry
what is better about a career then
Twilight Princess what is better simpler
it's a simpler story easier to travel
places do you enjoy going places did you
enjoy that large empty map you did Jack
shit about you enjoy that I really did
because then like it did a moderately
sized empty field will it
to the bigness of the world and you know
when you're younger you need that big
world you need a big world then play
windwaker while Wind Waker wasn't out
yet Wind Waker didn't come out for years
until the huh
oh yeah that's it got some mood by now
we got some miss matter in here
I hate those overhead fluorescents I
think they get to be a bit much he hurt
my eyeballs but I mean you know they're
the real thing about Zelda games is none
of them can really compete with The
Legend of Zelda like that that first
original on the nest well well well a
Link to the Past sure a Link to the Past
gets close but the original Zelda with
its what I'm sorry it's just it's just
it's a prototype it's been improved upon
the original of The Legend of Zelda on
the nez has definitely been improved
about there I think there is a strong
case for the original which is leaving
it open to the player through his hand I
think every iteration away from The
Legend of Zelda has coddled the player
more and that original Legend of Zelda
brought the theme of exploration to the
forefront you you can have your opinion
it's fine and disagree with it though
okay
strongly disagree I am a hipster yes
Joshua saw CEO Jack did you get the
Humble Bundle with Ronan I sent you you
can probably complete the game in a
stream or two if you don't get the
twitch hips the twitch of all prior
twitch tips
it is now free you fucks hi Jay hello
that was Josh Joshua so Sierra call nips
now instead of give tips 1 yep we got a
new yet we got a new yep yes I believe I
did get that Humble Bundle I don't know
if I've activated it yet because
sometimes
get to do that but yes I believe I did a
peter van drone hello previously
recorded longtime lurker wanting to
throw money into the get rich some juicy
shack meat fund what would it cost to
actually get juicy shack mate cuz you
got you're gonna have to do some illicit
things you're gonna have to have
somebody whether the man yourself or or
you'd have to pay him a large amount of
money to cut off an arm or something you
don't want to get caught doing it how do
you get that les yak meat unless he
agrees to and how much would that end up
costing what what bit of the juicy Shack
do you want do you want a leg do you
want an arm
this isn't Germany he's not gonna agree
to it that's that's a real case by the
way there's somebody who agreed to be
cannibalized it was his thing really
yeah
that's horrifying that's horrifying it
was consensual cannibalization that
would be that who wanted to eat him like
a cannibal okay I mean I it wasn't like
pretty sort of research purposes or know
I'm probably sexual then I guess what
was this on Craigslist I want to eat you
I wanna eat some bunch of light hey I
want to eat somebody oh as an actual
question question have you seen the
movie 13 assassins and do you hate me
for mentioning it no no there you go
Lord Belmont Jay did you see the Vivek I
have not seen the witch right how did
you like it I haven't seen it
great I'll see it looks right up my
alley looks like the type movie I'd
really enjoy I missed in theaters it's
on VOD in a week or two I will check it
out then click recording ads we will
play it when you're not here saying it
just like that is like that
also the movie the girl who lives down
the lane is coming out on blu-ray
is it good I don't know anything about
oh hey oh hey rich what did you hear
that the witness is coming to GOG so you
can get a drm-free copy try it out it's
$40 bucks it's probably them being
sarcastic yeah we did not much care for
the witness oh Jesus
which is the battle better cynical 80s
hero flick Robocop toxic avenger Robocop
Robocop yeah was it a question toxic
avenger no cop cynical that's an
accurate representation of modern-day
Detroit its satirical see it I didn't
turn out in my stand-up timer but I'm
just gonna assume it's been an hour we
should all stand up if you haven't stood
up in a while got my legs that stand up
and if you have cashews get some cashews
template here about a week because of
fucking quantum break and I've lost my
mojo Jack I've lost my mojo
ok we're all stretched out I'm gonna
start my my official timer
doot-doot doot-doot doot-doot did it did
it it did to dogok I love the gone
everybody loves the GOG let's see where
were we
rich reminds me of the blue opera singer
in the Fifth Element
why not because of how he looks but
because of his beautiful singing voice
my clown do I amuse you with all those
things I'm supposed to you throw me a
treat I'm supposed to bark what what is
what is going on that's all I mean it
took me a while to see the fifth element
and its entirety yeah I guess the minute
Chris Rock showed up I was like nope and
I shut it off Chris Rock heard it Krista
Tucker sorry the other Chris uh-huh he
was the other obnoxious I that I shut it
off I was like oh I hated him I hated
her stuck her so much in that movie in
any movie you were you're supposed to
hate him he that but it was like past
the point of like I get like ah it's
funny that he's annoying and one more
like I don't want to watch this anymore
he was perfect I could not stand him in
that movie it took me the longest time
to watch a couple thing cubben baby
coming baby uh it was Prince it was be
pretty sweet for he was not Prince oh
man he was beautiful that role would
have been great if it was Prince oh man
yeah those were that into the fifth
element I know a lot of people loved it
but it was a little too little too goofy
for me oh man
it's great Gary Oldman a little too
over-the-top everything was just a
little too you you just got to be there
you gotta be in that moment every
watchin I don't see em probably four
then years we're not in the mood Jack
you gotta get in that mode you do about
it
yeah we're gonna do behind playing about
it until you're in the mode apparently
but maybe I'll give it a shot sometime
soon because I've not seen it in a
really long time
I like that Milla Jovovich Ryan and the
Bruce Wireless is great busy back when
he's still kind of cared back when he
had to care he's just old now he doesn't
no flex let's see here hey Jack hey rich
hey J outlast 2 is coming out this fall
and it'd be great to see J playing it
dango that's not the one I played the
one Halloween Street was it yep there
was out last of the spooky the spooky
game yeah oh yeah I just want to play
that Friday the 13th game whenever that
comes out oh yeah no I care about oh
we're all gonna play that together
yeah it's multiplayer is it is it a is
it the same computer multiplayer I
wonder I have no idea that would be
great probably not
that'd be upsetting then we'd all mean
our own computers I hit the wrong fuckin
button I completely wasted a fuckin
health backrubs not injured at all way
to go
Dennis Rodman was also in Simon Says oh
that's right with Dane Cook yes that's
right I forgot that movie even existed
well there you go there you go Jay
are there any actors that you
acknowledge are good but personally
can't stand also have you seen the wheat
yet I have not seen the witch right I
want to see the witch I mean personally
you mean their personal business
personally can't stand so that's what
they say there's like no they're good
that probably means you don't like their
acting or you just think they were good
hmm you acknowledge that they are good
actors but you just don't care for them
like I've never cared for that Shia
LaBeouf I think a lot of people don't
care for that child above especially now
but I I know people I know like in
general people think he's a good actor I
don't see it but
I thought he was fine in crystal skull
with what he had to work with yeah he
was getting that um good Ben I can't
think of any actors off the top of my
head I can't think of anybody I also
really don't like Kirsten Dunst's no no
the only thing I've ever seen her good
in is season to a Fargo she's great in
season 2 if are great in season 2 a
Fargo everything else I see your end is
good yeah but people like her as an
actress
hey guys speaking of what had American
summer are you fan a fan of the cast
early work like the state and Stella
loved the state
I watched the state when it originally
aired have you ever watched any of that
stuff oh god I love Stella I have I have
the the box set of the originals we
never had cable growing up like I was
but like I as soon as like those Stella
shorts started popping up on the
Internet about that just amazing so if
the state is anything like that I'm sure
it's yeah it's it's sketch comedy it's
you know tit miss like most sketch
comedy but it's their sensibilities I'm
sure I would love it Stella is beautiful
like I I never saw too much of the
Comedy Central show oh the show is great
too but but those early web shorts we're
in fucking sane and I loved every bit of
it the great thing about the show The
Comedy Central series is that like it's
really really good-looking like it's a
really well shot production values on it
are really high which makes the weird
stupid humor seem even more absurd and
contrast hahaha
great yeah it's great I really like that
show a lot I just remember what was the
one bit we're like he threw something
out the window or something does he
throw a hat out a window I threw your
cat and I see that was a mistake now and
it but then they just kept throwing some
other whatever that was I think I was in
the Comedy Central one no no
the original short said I was well then
they might have they repeated some gags
from the shorts on the show oh don't
remember they might have done that one I
can't remember I've watched it a while
oh that is true Sarah Chen they are
pushing Zelda back to 2017 to be
released with both Wii U and the NX with
NX also coming out in 2017 nobody
surprised but nobody's surprised like
this is something I knew it was gonna
happen like two years ago that it was
gonna come out on the new system yep
after the Wii U yep also hey Jake oh hi
yeah that's of course that's what's
gonna happen the big game that everyone
wants will come out on the new console
so they have a reason I can't believe it
they never announced the delay in the
Wii U version yet either which will
happen so they can sell more of the new
of course yeah of course Jay I have seen
people worried about the cast size of
Twin Peaks they fear it will be an
endless series of celebrity cameos
rather than a proper story with
characters are you concerned at all not
at all if you look at the cast list for
any series they're always huge there's
people that they might be in one scene
you know oh one episode there's nothing
to fear and the castle is have you
looked at any of it
no save I've been trying to keep out of
it as possible there are so many like
weird interesting eclectic choices for
it and I'm super excited I don't think
there's anything to be worried about the
the the one thing that has convinced me
to not be skeptical about the new twin
peak series is something you said a long
long time ago which is that David Lynch
doesn't give a fuck no he's directing
every episode yep if he was just like
you know like like the original series
if he just directed you know one or two
episodes and then handed it off to other
people then I would be worried but he's
he's helping the whole thing he has
creative control
and I don't think he would come back to
it unless he felt like he was inspired
you know to do it no and he does he
doesn't need to he doesn't care about
you know he's building his career he's
yeah he's been doing just fine these
last like 12 years not making anything
not making music but not doing anything
you know movie or TV related he's been
just fine
so I ya know I think his heart is in the
right place and I'm super excited
because I can almost guarantee that this
will not just be like a typical series
comeback type thing because it's David
Lynch yeah it's just not gonna be what
people think they want and then it's
gonna upset a lot of people that's what
happened with fire walk with me no more
like oh we're finally because the series
ended yeah because they didn't get
picked up for a third season mm-hmm so
the series ends on this weird abrupt
cliffhanger and so people were like oh
we're gonna see what happens we're gonna
see what I'm like no I'm doing a prequel
it's not gonna tie in with the series at
all he was so angry even though it's a
great movie it's it's gonna be it's
gonna be like that it's gonna go in
weird places and it's on Showtime so
it's gonna get fucking dark I'm assuming
I can't wait I'm so excited the new two
Indies that's great
and our flame boils not gonna be on it
so I don't have to look at her scary
face I was she's scary now uh uh Donna
from the original series yeah she had a
ton of plastic surgery she she looks
like a monster now
she was very attractive David David
Lynch likes those natural beauties that
I'm assuming he wants to keep her far
far away what now hold on guard 55 hey
rich Jack Jay my mother is feeding the
possum that I mentioned to you back in
February during the XCOM to stream
should I be worried yes yes get the
possum out of your life the possums are
rose they'll be a possum but they're
gross and they're scary and they're evil
and they will bring nothing but sorrow
into your life
get rid of it as soon as possible you
just like a possum in a garage or
something I have no I don't remember it
was a long time ago that guy from
Scotland said last tip I said lol fuck
my cock in Gaelic the Scottish language
after hearing Jack butcher it I shed a
single tear I'm very sorry I don't know
how to speak Gale you shouldn't ask us
to read things in a language we don't
know oh that's very true or spell it out
phonetically on a scale of one to ten
how much contempt for your audience do
you have a hashtag Shack meat six
I'd like to disagree but that's what
averages out to be hey rich whatever
play Final Fantasy Tactics YouTube at
work like a podcast and you inspired me
to retry Demon Souls I've never had a
final fattest person I know that's
supposed to be different I don't care
and it's not a fantasy no matter and I
never played it it's like it's like a
turn-based grid-based tactic okay if
it's tactics in the sense like they're
their normal battles are I really don't
care no no it's it's like it's like an
ex coming Grady thing it's like an ex
coming gritty thing that doesn't work as
well with melee and I'm assuming it's
thirds it's problem with it yeah
the Fanta fan if you like the thought
like like what was that most that the
Viking side of the thing one of the
banners are go yeah that didn't do much
for me and that was kind of a grid melee
type game yes I don't I don't I don't
know if melees is fun as grid-based
shooting mm-hmm I am with you Jake
have you seen the Twin Peaks Japanese
commercials for Georgia coffee I have
it's been a while but I know I've seen
them
they're weird from what I remember and
I've not seen the witch if that was
coming no I just I wanted to your answer
to viewers yep all right let's see here
movie show pitch not the Stormtrooper
protagonist one though I'd like to know
what Jay thinks Walking Dead meets Game
of Thrones mid evil zombie apocalypse
army of darkness with modern graphics
hmm part of army of Darkness is charm is
that it's got these old-school stop
motions the elephant's though yeah and
its sense of humor and its sense of
humor and Game of Thrones has zombies
does it yeah that's like literally the
whole thing is an army of zombies it's
coming to attack watch Game of Thrones
maybe there's this whole thing about an
army of the undead so get with it the
riddle of steal do you guys like
documentaries yes I love them it's all I
ever watched Netflix I also enjoy a good
document I enjoy the good documentaries
oh sure well both Kara and I we love
watching documentaries together no it's
fine great let's see here if so check
out oh I've heard about this documentary
now oh yeah I just I just watched all of
those oh yeah I've seen the great
Gardens parody one that's the only one
I've seen but it's funny explain what
these are for people who don't know
about mockumentary there's a half hour
long I'd ever seen yet Portlandia sure
it's that guy from Portland is a great
Armisen and from SNL yeah yeah and he's
I'm probably good and who's the other
guy
I can't think his name either other guy
other guy great and every week is a
different fake documentary comedy
documentary in a different style yeah
that sounds great
was it you guys who were just talking
about this I remember hearing about the
other day yeah and they're so like I
haven't seen the only one I've seen is
the one
it's parity and Grey Gardens but it's so
it's such a bizarre thing to do because
it's so specific like you which one is
that right oh the black and white it's
the two old people in the house like
it's a parody of the documentary Harry
gardens which if you haven't seen that I
can't imagine even knowing what the hell
is going on in there parody it's so
bizarre
it's not silly what I've seen Oh is Bill
Hader the other guy yes yeah but they
all feel very different though yeah yeah
like the other ones aren't anything like
well sure they're all done in the style
of a difference yeah big documentary
from what I understand like there's one
about a movie a documentary about on
like the first documentary which is
about a Eskimo in black and white and
they keep cutting the footage of that
it's one guy playing an Eskimo and how
they basically faked the whole old
documentary that was great
yeah I need to watch horrible yeah this
sounds great yeah I don't know how to
use a dogsled so we just taped his arms
to the sled he was screaming like that I
ever heard one hurt on film it looked
like he was running that dog slow I
highly recommend that one documentary
now that's on Netflix great hey Jay can
you think of a movie that had a mediocre
theatrical release but became amazing
after a director's cut hey thanks thanks
him amazing after the director's cut you
know many movies get a second life when
it comes to their video release
yeah that's I thought that was going
there thinking of like army of Darkness
there's plenty of movies oh yeah
Zoolander that didn't do very well in
the theater but it became like a huge so
movie that was bad until the director's
cut that's the that's the question can
you think of a movie that was bad in
some what are you alien 3 some don't
even like the extended cut of that but
everyone everyone is saying Blade Runner
and Kingdom of Heaven yeah I mean Blade
Runner was like a big hit when it came
out though - right people like the
theatrical I actually missed the
narration are you can still get it
that's the great thing he didn't like
from history like that all the all the
versions that have ever been made are
available still uh-huh so if you like
the narration version you can still
watch that you know you know what I
heard recently about George Lucas have a
really amusing good thing okay
supposedly way back in the day like he
wanted to expand Skywalker Ranch and
like the his neighbors in the area
wouldn't wouldn't the Amarna do it I was
like it was like a thing it was a point
of contention no Graham and just
recently on the land that he originally
wanted to extend Skywalker Ranch he's
not just like building like homes for
like just disgusting like homeless
people to put in this rich neighborhood
he's like building has anything does the
spin is I'm putting and billing homes
yes oh my god that George Lucas man he's
a weirdo and he holds grudges wow that's
kind of amazing that is really fun I
heard that and it made me smile okay
rich but says my turds are green I'm an
idiot yes yes no there's more oh I just
wanted to emphasize I didn't think it
needed to be more what was the punchline
to the question mark exclamation joke
that Mike was stepping all along and all
honestly I no longer remember there's
like a week and a half ago now you're no
help at all right I know I just don't
honestly don't remember at this point do
you know I don't know I don't know
either I'm sorry it's lost a time
send a message to Mike complaining and
I'm sure he'll email you back the the
proper punch line no I'll tell you it
wasn't as good as probably what we ended
up with sure oh yeah the interrupting
you been yeah it was pretty good
and you know the the last time I really
didn't think he was gonna interrupt you
I was really waiting for I have way too
much faith still huh still still you
guys can't beat me down at that point it
was the only way the episode was gonna
continue I had to just go through it of
course hey guys if rlm were to make a
dinosaur movie any on the t-rex rebate
great oh I saw someone tweeted at me
this is a while ago let's go now
remember how we were talking about how
there had to bend like an r-rated cut
the more gory stuff is very clearly
edited yeah you can find it on YouTube
but it's like a foreign versions it's
like a foreign TV thing someone taped it
off on the TV and like I don't Murph it
was like Germany or something like that
but it's got the gore intact
really and it makes them why I skim
through it a little bit and it makes the
movie even more bizarre with this like
graphic violence I want a real version
of that yeah that sounds great yeah
that's the only thing as far as I've
seen that you can find is like someone
taped it off the TV in some other
country in Japan
hey I can't remember it was from shit
I'm missing a thing missin a thing oh
where was the thing I what thing are you
missing a thing no it's just a thing
I don't know hey Jay says lolly battle
machine at three to two I've been a long
time red letter media watcher and I've
noticed that you've been looking sexier
as the years have gone by like a fine
red wine Jay gets better with age I
obviously what's your workout routine so
that I can get a body bye Jane
ah talking about that sounds boring
here's what you do
I don't eat as much they go go for walks
mm-hmm
and and lift heavy things until your
arms are tired okay and then stop
lifting those heavy things done because
you're tired ah so it doesn't hurt to
buy a nice bike and then don't take your
car
take your buy sure even if it's kinda
far take a bike sure if you can yeah
that's not a bad idea
I'm sure did you move more than you eat
right that's yeah thing move more eat
less move more eat less bump great uh
which of you three is the most least
excited for Civil War I recently saw a
screening of it and it's the best of
Marvel movies duck my rack what I'm
probably most excited because I'm a huge
Marvel family and I'm you know I I'm
gonna guess rich is probably the least
excited fine I'm not like hyped sure but
did you see Ultron they go probably
that's okay
we saw it wrong we did an episode on
yeah all of us how did you see Ultron
without seeing Winter Soldier I just did
a video for some reason when I went to
see Ultron they didn't stop me at the
entrance and that just didn't happen
there was a lapse in security
that's my fanboy isn't worried just like
he got see all the movies the TV show
you see the webisodes I totally forgot
that that I was on that episode and I'm
actually actually think I would like
Winter Soldier yeah what I don't drag my
ass I don't do things no okay I'll see
you eventually sure it's fine yeah it is
sort of interesting that both when
you're soldier now under soldier Civil
War and Batman vs Superman both have a
story elements of people sort of paying
for the consequences
of all the collateral damage yeah from
the previous movies yeah I think that's
interesting that they both have that
element and I think one is gonna handle
it significantly better it's possible
one was a reaction to the criticism of
Man of Steel and then the other one was
a fuck you were gonna criticize Man of
Steel I'd no I don't think Civil War
well I think it's a criticism one was a
reaction to Man of Steel and one was a
well-thought-out plan from the beginning
I'm actually thinking about age of
Ultron with the member where they
destroy the building and Iron Man goes
out of his way to buy the building
before he smashes the Hulk into it they
address that then that is any dog I mean
the end of Ultron like they go out of
their way to save every civilian but
that's just because they're you know
heroes that's what you do and that's
what superheroes do except for except
for a Man of Steel that's fine but I do
believe that the buyer man buying the
building before I smash it was just kind
of a fuck you know I I don't think so
because they would have been in
production around the same time or know
when mannaseo I guess would have been a
little bit earlier but yeah I've been
wrong many times I I guess if it is it's
a that's a very subtle fuck you it's all
needed to be Jay are you a Japanese
horror fan have you seen The Grudge or
the ring only the American ones oh no I
did see the ring I saw the original the
ring I didn't see the original The
Grudge oh okay and that was the next
question is where they saw the Japanese
or American also there is a grudge
versus the Ring film being released in
Japan I've heard I ever I know the
trailer is online I haven't seen it
that seems it seems like a weird concept
but why not it's crazy
okay greetings from Ireland you fucks J
have you seen animo Lisa not yet and Moe
ah Lisa how do you present Annamma Lisa
anomaly thing like Charlie Kaufman movie
I still haven't seen it
on VOD now so I'll get around to it rich
Jack interested in new doom game yes we
do thank you rich likes doom we're
probably gonna do something I like your
old school shooters and if as long as it
plays like a good old school shooter
I'll be just fine with it you hide the
hull for generate them I miss health
packs
I like health packs in games I like
health packs J and Jack do you know how
to speed up uploading videos to YouTube
you get faster internet that's the only
yeah it's pretty much the only way or
make your video size smaller
what kind of compression Airy using
eight point two six four is the
preferred but no there's no faster way I
do I use Adobe the Adobe suite and I
like using Adobe Media Composer because
it starts uploading to YouTube as its
rendering out and so you can set it to
upload to YouTube as you are exporting
it and then you know you're just doing
it all in one thing instead of exporting
it and then uploading it to YouTube via
browser but it doesn't work all the time
but I don't think there's any way to see
I would want to have it all exported
before uploading and I think because you
might run into an issue like that one
best of the worst we had where the we
exported it and the video was all
garbled and we had to read export it and
re-upload it if it was uploading as it
was exporting then I mean I guess you
would have it on private so you could
still write it before it's I guess like
either way if it's messed up you have to
re export it yeah I was realizing that
as I was saying as like I guess it's on
private so you can watch through the
episode before you make it public
absolutely unless you're too dumb to put
it on private no always have it set to
always well advised to might not realize
this well you can have that in your
settings where anything you upload is
automatically private until you make it
otherwise yeah so also if you use me
Adobe
encoder I always have it's it's a
private which is the nice thing about
the export function in Adobe you can set
it to private you can give it a title
you can actually even like incorporate a
description and tags that it
automatically has to you - this is nice
that sounds very convenient it's great
it's a great thing to use and I like it
that's why I like the idioms the atoms
hello I'm Sarah hello Sarah
J are the cats in the blanket video
yours
they were my roommates okay
one of them has sadly passed away do you
remember their names
ACORN and Lona ACORN and lo are they
both of them acorn is the one that that
plant gets fucking acorns dead oh oh oh
Lona was a black cat I don't even
remember
I just know acorn was on the gun part
and your roommate was okay with this or
did they not know hey weren't there at
the time great I'm sure they were fine
with it oh wait was that oh and I'm
designing a shirt for you what size
would you prefer thank you they're
designing us they're designing a shirt
fetish I think this is for Jay only oh
oh oh oh don't give Jay a fan a shirt
medium I guess okay thank you jack Jay
and rich was great to see a new
commentary track on our line I mean I
shouldn't be included in that but that's
fine that's just a enrich I mean I'm
glad you said hi I guess I'm saying they
need to be specific I need them to be
specific nobody is ever gonna bitch you
by name again no thank you
no I prefer it that way the good news is
that I enjoyed it immensely the bad news
is that you made me watch Masters of the
Universe that hard to watch
I mean it's got barf in it how bad can
it be
I come in peace
everybody cool I have I can't be great I
need to rewatch that movie what's it I
come in peace
Dolph Lundgren's a cop and there's an
alien from outer space and he keeps
saying I come in peace but then he kills
you nice and he's got this like disk
thing that he that he throws around and
it flies around the room and beheads
people nice that sounds awesome
J speaking of David Lynch that's how far
away these these tips are yeah
Mulholland Drive is on criterion Blu Blu
ray where's Valerie yes absolutely
no I mean if you like the movie if
you're frustrated by how abstract it is
that no but if you like the movie
absolutely it's worth buying the
transfer is gorgeous there's a great
interview with David Lynch Naomi Watts
on it hmm it's a good release that
criterion they don't skimp they do not
they do not hey Jay what's your opinion
on the criticisms
yeah sure you know what we can talk
about this what's your criticisms on the
whitewashing regarding Scarlett
Johansson's castings as Makoku stay on e
into ghosts in shell films I don't know
no opinion I it's I heard a thing and I
think you said this wasn't true right
that they were doing like tests to mate
digitally make her look more Asian like
that's a fuck table and and according to
the company they were doing tests to
digitally do that to background
characters not to Scarlett Johansson but
why were they doing it to any characters
I don't know the idea of doing it at all
is sort of weird right I know watch max
Landis's videos about this he has more
insight into it than we possibly could
he has a very unique take on yeah well
he talks about it for more of the the
industry point of view and why stuff
like that happen right where it's like
it's kind of shitty but you know there's
so many factors that go into like movies
and how they get made and what if she
does what's cast a really good job
they're all good it shouldn't matter
it shouldn't matter in my opinion well
the fact that the character is supposed
to be Japanese
is like it's not like just like nobody
complained when there was speculation
that the new Peter Parker was gonna be a
black guy nobody complained I refuse to
believe that nobody complained I'm sure
I'm sure several people people are upset
about but it's not some people were
upset
yeah a storm being black sail about that
because they're minorities are generally
underrepresented in movies and here's a
part that easily could go to a minority
and was given to a white lady I think
the real problem is the way in which
they drew the anime the characters
nationality is kind of ambiguous see I
don't know much about ghost in the
shell' so that's a factor and I'm sort
of like oh like it's it's it's an Asian
name and it's an Asian lady but you know
the way they draw women generally in in
anime you know they're kind of that
and nationally neutral okay if that
makes any sense but yeah I mean Richie
might be great in the role that's not
really the issue right the issues you
have a you have some people who are
underrepresented and here's a perfect
opportunity to and gave it to a white
lady I mean she's probably she's great
good actors will be fine in the movie of
course and of course having a name in
the movie gets your movie made in the
first place exactly although that's a
whole other the max landis video right
see I you know I I think the only thing
wrong with his perspective is he is
coming at it from a solely big-budget
movie perspective which but I think
that's actually part of the problem
where the way in which people make
movies now is changing and we're moving
to more of a smaller budget industry
that doesn't invalidate what he said
about why they made the decision I made
no no no it doesn't invalidate I mean a
smaller budget industry I think I think
more yeah all the big movies are getting
more and more expensive every time
Batman vs Superman made seven hundred
million dollars and it's a disagreement
yeah exactly I think more movies are
coming out with a smaller budget not
necessarily in theaters well there yeah
yeah that is I mean those you're gonna
get all sorts of diversity that's of
course that's a completely different
thing but I I think that is where the
industry as a whole is shifting because
we are getting more products and smaller
really shifting though I mean those
movies exist and that's I mean I'm more
interested in seeing that stuff most of
the time well it exists and it's getting
a larger market share that might be that
might be yeah but they're still gonna be
those big blockbuster movies absolutely
and that's you know that's what a
general mainstream audience goes to see
they don't seek out the smaller stuff at
least not yet I mean that might change
but like we're getting there with with
the success of Netflix originals oh yeah
that's true that's a factor you know
where we're getting people producing
movies who weren't around
10 years ago producing movies you know
and so I think the there will come a day
in which the smaller movies are made
where we don't need to worry about
casting a certain name to fill a certain
role we will just put the best person in
that role sure and I also agree that now
the only reason that movie got made is
because Scarlett Johansson is in it it's
a weird thing to get adapted to ghost in
the shell' because a general mainstream
audience I'm sure is completely
unfamiliar with source material usually
and stuff like that think it's made it's
being made for name recognition
sure go see the show later on you know
what I think you're under estimating how
many people have anime now maybe I'm so
out of the way so there's a whole
fucking generation of people who grew up
with anime at this point yeah I guess I
think I think the reason we haven't seen
an anime adaption adaptation many much
much in the way of this in Hollywood
suppose the Hollywood executives are
older people who did that grow but I
just don't think they know how popular
it could be yeah that's true well and it
is lesser-known which is why according
to Hollywood insiders you need a better
starting an actress in it and there
aren't any big-name Asian actresses that
you can put in it that will sell tickets
according to people on the inside
according to people that know more about
the industry than us which is I mean
nothing we know nothing no nothing but
nothing ah this question may be too
spoilery for a new show but if read it
first and determine that oh I I did read
it first
um that is too spoilery anonymous about
fargo season 2j if you could non-spoiler
eyes it what did you think about
the peculiar thing in the ending of
Fargo season 2 I think that's impossible
to discuss I know I think that is very
spoilery though so I don't wanna yeah
let's not spoil it ok great
sorry not spoiling it hey rich what
what's your favorite aid software game
quake 2 quake 2 both they're both fine
choices well Ryan Smith I can say both
Brian Smith would like to point out my
hypocrisy jack five minutes ago let me
tell you about how the industry is
changing jack just now i know nothing
about the industry both can be true this
is how i see the industry changing I
also know nothing about the actual
workings of the movie industry I gave
you my opinion on how I see it changing
I'm fully admitting that I could be
wrong I probably am wrong but I'm super
right and everybody knows it see how I
can say all these things that contradict
your love to try and point out what they
see is hypocrisy don't think you know
you once said this but now you're saying
this I see that in comments and stuff
once in a while
mm-hmm it's fun I I think what the
person said this about this one specific
movie therefore it applies to every
movie always regardless of context or
genre or genre so now you're being a
hypocrite I get that a lot as well but
you thought this way about one game and
thought differently about a game that
was a completely different genre that
doesn't make sense
I guess you need a you need a staple
response which is you are so clever for
pointing that out
thank you thank you for being so very
clever all the people who point those
things out Game of Thrones doesn't have
enough muscular Australians in
loincloths for my tastes very true
too many wimpy Englishmen are there any
studio properties you'd like to fuck
around with if you had the chance
je ne what property studio properties
you you get a chance to direct a major
motion picture oh gee but it has to be a
remake or a sequel yep
small wonder I want a gritty lie a
gritty a serious reboot of small wonder
one with a little girl Robo the little
girl robot
what about boom what about Conan Jane
would you like chance to do Conan right
not really I'm not big into the whole I
mean I like the first cone a movie but
I'm not big into the whole what do they
call that genre and swords and sorcery
sandals that shit sandals yeah yes they
have sandals never I never would have
put that right out there was so like
something in sandals I can't think of
what they call it but okay so you
wouldn't you know gritty like a great
big budget reboot of small wonder I love
it it'll be it'll be about identity and
what it means to be human
nice if you like ex machina kid that'd
be great or elf
definitely all right oh but instead of
Alf you make it a xenomorph and it's
actually integrated into the prometheus
alien universe okay but the family so
it's it's a xenomorph crash-lands and
this family's garage and the family
adopts it okay but they the family
reacts to it the same way they would
react react Alfre like oh that's silly
but it's a giant Xena Martha giant Xena
more edits and it it actually it eats
the cats it catches all the cats it does
leave the family alone because they keep
buying new cats to feed it what about
elf just itself but it's done as a
horror movie where he seems friendly but
like secretly he's implanting the family
with a spawn we're gonna jump out of
their stomachs sure and like neighbors
start mysteriously dying yeah yeah yeah
ever since Alf moved in all of our
neighbors died that's so weird
Oh help me Rhonda let me sing a
royalty-free 50 song now all right I'm
going to assume that Alf does not hold
up I haven't seen it since I was a
little kid but I could guess that it
does not hold up it's going out on a
limb there dude it's going out on a
goddamn whim I have any of you but
probably just Jay's seen the IFC
presents Greg the bunny shorts with
puppets remaking Classic Movies no no I
remember there was a Greg the bunny show
is that different than what you're
talking about
I must say it was just a series called
Greg the bunny I never saw it but also
does no one know what the yips are like
in sports ball what the hips
no oh is the yips
is that like choking apparently the the
the Muppet characters from Sesame Street
the uppppp that's right like it's got a
weird soccer thing
yep in soccer no it's a sports ball
thing I think that happened that can
happen anyone I know who gets the yips
I've heard of this before I've never
heard this I have I've heard of the the
IPPS before the hips is from baseball
that's why I know I've never heard that
hold on
ah yes okay it is it's like choking it's
when you get a mental block on something
simple and just can't do it I've heard
of a duck snort but I haven't heard of
the duck story that's like a short fly
ball or something it's it's not a very
well hit ball ah no I think like the
yips is like if you have a pitcher who's
like known for his fastball for some
reason just can't get his fastball
working he's got the yips got the yips
the yips I have heard of this thing what
happened to the nuki tapes they're still
there we just need a couple more that's
the problem
everyone thinks that this is a bit and
everyone thinks that we're joking when
we say we need just a couple more before
we're done but we really just need a
couple more and we'll be ready to go
with all you've gotten sent any in a
while it has been a while so get on it
we can't continue on with the project
until we get a couple more I think I
think you're under estimating how many
you'll need that thing's huge you think
that thing's huge
hey yeah but I read almost there yeah
it's almost there we just need a couple
more I think I think you're okay
I tested out the right arm yesterday and
I think you're gonna need at least 50
more tapes just just go just in that one
area really and you know what rich we've
talked about this before it's really
good to have a couple backup just in
case of catastrophic failure but we
don't need that many more yeah we don't
want to over engineer it right right
you're overthinking this
and like seven of the tapes were bad I
couldn't record over them with satanic
imagery oh oh well then yeah then we'll
need at least seven more than okay
in addition to the couple more in
additions with a couple more so nine ten
maybe that's a yeah
greetings from Brazil a big fan of rlm
and prereq will you ever play the
classic infocomm text adventure games or
is it too risky boring to stream it if
it is a just text adventure like not
graphics based only text that might be a
little boring you need some sort of
visual but I think maybe maybe let's see
here would you guys ever do some kind of
competition where you pay for a chance
to play with you two in a multiplayer
event that no probably not
people pay money to play a game with us
in a multiplayer event it's weird
probably not like you know we've done
that a couple times where it's like come
and join us in a game of rocket League
and like this time only subscribers come
in but yeah we usually leave it open to
everyone as yeah but no no it would
never we would never do some where it's
just like pay money to play a game yeah
that'd be weird you know what that'd be
weird 20 bucks 20 bucks kid what do you
want to play risk that's 15 checkers
35 you want another game that's another
15 we're not monsters
Morna I mean we are monsters but not
that kind of monsters Jay have you seen
the invitation uh yeah okay oh it's a
candid film what no unless the
invitation is a new movie oh sorry sorry
I was putting their sentences together
also what is the best made movie from
Cannon Films that's made movie I thought
they were saying that the invitation was
the best movie no no the invitations a
new movie it's alright
is it is it Masters of the Universe
is it maybe thinking about it I mean
some of the effects in it are kind of
lousy oh yeah Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2
is a well-made movie and there's no like
shitty effects in it so that might edge
it out just by that fact but it's also
not as you know big or ambitious so well
made what your song it's a tie between
Masters of the Universe and Texas
Chainsaw a message to this is what we
got to work with this is the joy of
Canon films by the way they're saying
runaway train oh yeah that's they
mentioned that one in the Canon films
documentary that's one I haven't seen it
but that's one that's supposed to be
like a legitimately good movie okay I've
actually been meaning to watch it
because of that documentary but oh so
probably that one but I haven't seen it
okay Tom Selleck or Burt Reynolds
Reynolds I don't know Tom Selleck's is
pretty awesome
for what no general I think Burt
Reynolds has had a better career than
10-percent Lee Burt Reynolds now Tom
Selleck been known upper Reynolds now
he's sort of a sad old man now I would
rather have sad old man than crazy old
man Tom Selleck is he crazy house he's a
gun nut
well that's politics he's allowed to be
a gun nut know he's like he's like a
crazy good
listen I'm a gun nut like I just like
guns and cool and cool with them but you
know he's a crazy one Burt Reynolds was
in Boogie Nights so that automatically
okay
you know what you're right yeah okay
you're out of it is also in cop and a
half yeah done so and the monkey one no
that's sorry that's Clinic was Clint
Eastwood know every which way every way
probably way you can yeah - monkey wants
what he did to movies with that monkey
Clyde the monkey did he yeah good
for him I've never seen either of him I
know this cuz my dad like them okay uh
any chance of doing a jobs commentary
the backstory of the film alone is truly
epic actually don't know the backstory
of the making of Jaws there's a great
documentary about it like a feature
documentary about it
jaws could potentially be a good
commentary I don't know it's a great
movie what jaws for just for it's got
Michael Caine or they they stab the
shark and it explodes yes no reason
oh and apparently haps is there's a
documentary about the making of jaws but
I don't know if a movie based on the
making of jaws would make a great film
I'm team jaws for I don't know if I've
ever seen the whole thing I remember
liking jaw I haven't seen jaws three
since I was really little but I remember
liking that one because of the setting
cuz it was in like like a SeaWorld type
place I might even done SeaWorld but
there in one of those like tubes that
goes underwater where you can see the
fish Center on you and then the Sharks
like slamming into it I remember that
like that idea scary me as a kid cuz I
we used to go to SeaWorld when I was a
kid and so I could relate and that idea
of the shark just like slamming into
that thing when you're in there like
that scared me mm-hmm I know the movies
terrible but that part got to me that's
good yeah it's good hey fuckos
I guess that's us what do you guys do in
work everyday I assumed a lot of days
are editing and filming but what is but
that is over what do you see the Plinko
thing why every day is different every
week is different mmm what else
guitarist I'm done no that's a question
we asked yeah what do we is what should
we work on what do we need to get done
what do we need to work on so it's
always different mm-hmm
which is great oh yeah like right now we
need a shitload of new key tapes just
putting that out there
well I thought we only needed a couple
more but apparently there's a whole
broken part of it so we need to know
like a few more than we thought
beatable hey Jay have you had any luck
appealing Sony's DMCA against The
Revenge of the Sith review uh no and
without without getting into too many
details about it everyone likes to go
fair use fair use for use it's a lot
more complicated than that as far as
like because there just goes the whole
thing is fair use but that's you know as
music issues and things like that so
we're gonna hopefully get it re uploaded
somewhere else we've been kind of busy
and I haven't really focused on it but
we will get it back on the Internet's at
some point answers you'll never see it
ever again never again ever never I just
like that because it's like it's very
accurate and also very vague just to be
like it's it's complicated
yeah people people like to a lot of
people especially now that that's
becoming like a thing everyone's talking
about fair use and stuff people use that
word as if it applies to this yeah some
people treat is like this magic word
where it's like you should be able to
put anything you want on YouTube because
of fair use or it's like no oh it's a
lot more complicated than that it's a
it's a ton more complicated than that
and also as we've discussed previously
it's YouTube they don't give a fuck and
yeah there's that too oh look at that a
video of a kitten falling over with no
copyright issues that all just had a
billion views and made YouTube a shit
ton of ad revenue they don't care about
the the mr. blanket reviews
rich what what goddamn life-sized
haha I didn't get it I want that juicy
Shaq meat says you know you want some
eat it eat it with your mouth okay great
uh hey Jack hi a couple of streams ago
when talking about sci-fi settings you
mentioned Steven universe do you watch
the show if so what do you think if not
you totally should
yeah I do that's a new one I've been
picking up with my boys and it's really
fun and shockingly cute and also has a
good action in it which is really hard
to come by like you know it's very
adventure time where it's cute good
action and and funny I really like I
I've only seen like half of season 1 but
so far I'm really enjoying it that's
Steven universe it's not a Cartoon
Network show it is a Cartoon Network
show it's about a little boy being
raised by magic gems the crystal gems
okay and there are a superhero team that
like fight big alien monsters and he's
just like a normal kid and he's like can
I come too and it's cute it's really
cute
and his dad is also around and he has a
big mullet and is a human and it's so
it's kind of weird not it's great
alright it's a little weird it's a
little like like is this a big allegory
for divorce or no
it's neat I think it's deep but it's
cute enough where you don't have to
decode epin to it so it works on a
surface level and possibly on a deeper
level yes that's great yeah so it's it's
a really nice uh rich but what is your
favorite shade of purple
I don't know purple shades purple
great keep it simple purple shade of
purple hey guys with the success of
Deadpool as an RA to cover the movie do
you think
any hope for dread sequel no maybe a
Netflix series and there's something
about that recently in the news all
right about a dread Netflix series is
that just people want one no here would
it be a sequel no to dread or would it
be something new here's why well Karl
Urban wants to come back is dry I wanted
to for a while but by the way breaking
news an actor wants a steady job but he
I think he really liked that character
like he knows the movie flopped yeah he
just liked that character it was like it
that whole thing was just him though
going like yeah oh I'd love to do a
dread Netflix series no that was a nice
and yeah I'd like to yeah it wasn't
Netflix or the producers or anyone
willing to give it money it was just
like hey I like that than that I'd like
attacked in that more yeah I would think
more likely is just another reboot
because if you make a sequel to that
movie that movie flopped so I didn't
want to associate with that hmm so let's
be a new thing maybe it'll bring Karl
Urban back but it won't be like a sequel
to that movie it'll just be a new drug
thing it was anything I mean I could see
kind of like a yemenis trend it's a
comic book movie and so it's like it
doesn't need to be a sequel where it
could just be like another mission you
know dread that's what if anything
that's what it would be yeah it would be
without Karl Urban it wouldn't be called
dread to write because like dread it'd
be like haunted then punisher movie with
Thomas Jane and then they did Punisher
war zone right it's like I guess it's so
time machine wasn't in that one but it
was still like I guess sort of a
follow-up but not really right right I
hear were the good things about that war
zone I do too I've heard it's incredibly
violent but I haven't even seen it the
daredevil punishes pretty good dude I
mean good bad that John Barrowman I had
a tough walking dead guy guy walking
dead guy yeah his name is man the
fucking Punisher is his name cuz he's
great as the Punisher
yeah yeah yeah John Baron Thal thank you
John go John Baron Thal as the Punisher
is brilliant Rollo
he's his bro have you guys ever tried
video games
what no we've never tried this is the
real question have you guys ever tried
video games or movies ah don't bother
they all suck hijack rich NJ thanks for
hanging out always a fun time what
sometimes guys I'm sorry it's not ready
I'm just not ready for your silly he's
making a goof maybe I'm not ready for
the goofy yet what are your thoughts on
Kevin Smith as a director at this point
do you think tobe Hooper is more I came
to M night Shyamalan and one of his in
that he only directed a couple good
movies wait who's tobe Hooper directed
Texas Chainsaw Massacre okay that's this
will get back to that after we stand up
everybody stand up cliffhanger we're
gonna talk about Kevin Smith and tobe
Hooper after this short stand-up break
yeah why not stand up rich it's good for
you
I'll have to stream for a little bit and
now we're coming back and now we're
coming back never everybody get ready
get ready it's coming back
what I gave up on Kevin Smith not
because of his movies but just because
of all the other shit he was doing I
just got tired of him yeah he's all
those podcasts and don't like us
constantly I spoke weed all the time now
I like to talk about how I smoke weed
all the time
I'm wordy and I'm going through a
midlife crisis I smoke weed all the time
that's a little bit of a midlife let me
tell you about how much I love smoking
weed all the time but like I remember
after you know you
he had his evening widths and it's like
oh these are great he tells great
stories then he started up his podcast
he's like I hate listening to all of his
stories are great and then he ran out of
stories yeah and so that's why I stopped
watching his movies yeah it's it's weird
I have such mixed feelings on him
because like he's he he quit filmmaking
he said he was retiring yeah and now he
makes these bizarre little movies where
like he just doesn't give a fuck anymore
which is interesting and I I think I
talked about it before but I actually
kind of like tusk yeah you did um but he
there's a movie that just came out
called holidays it's a horror anthology
okay where every it's a bunch of
different filmmakers and they were all
assigned a different holiday and so they
made a short film center groundmass Oh
Valentine's Day and there's the father's
day one the father's day one's the best
segment but he did one Kevin Smith did
one okay cuz I guess he's considered a
horror film maker now cuz tusks and
whatever this next movie is I think is
another horror related thing okay
so he did one and it's one of the worst
most embarrassing things I've ever seen
it's awful oh and it come makes the
whole movies pretty good most of the
shirts are good but it gets to his and
the whole thing just comes to like a
screeching halt so he's he's hit and
miss yeah I you know it's like I guess
listen he will always have a place in
filmmaking history oh yeah well
especially like people of our generation
like our age oh god works was such a
huge deal I submit it is still a huge
deal like showing what can be
accomplished on such a low budget and
with such a weird filmmaking style I
reared filmmaking style you mean kind of
inept to shakespeareans the fact that a
movie that rough-around-the-edges could
go on to be such a like a you know a big
hit at festival won't be a big deal and
be a commercial success
clerk clerks was the movie that proved
that anyone can make a movie yes and
it's a big deal yeah oh yeah no I will
always have a soft spot for the early
Kevin Smith stuff because of things like
that oh yeah later stuff hit miss yeah
but I haven't written him off completely
everything more completely is like a
personality like I find him very
obnoxious as a person maybe he'll settle
down one day maybe but but he's still
like the fact that he's now just making
whatever the hell he wants something
like tusks where he's like I don't care
if people hate it I'm just gonna make
this weird stupid thing uh-huh I I kind
of appreciate that hmm and tobe Hooper's
made like three good movies and that's
it which is more than M night Shyamalan
so he's better and I've got that one oh
no he's got two you got two good movies
yeah let me see what's the good Toby
hoopla movies sex Chainsaw Massacre
obviously mm-hmm I love Texas Chainsaw
Massacre too
he did a movie called the funhouse
that's really great it's really like
really well shot and really atmospheric
and creepy okay he did poltergeists
although some argue that Spielberg
ghosts directed that right I don't know
how much truth there is to that but I'll
count that so four there's four good
ones oh we did life force one of the
craziest movies never going back to
Cannon Films that's the best made cannon
film life life force is like an epic but
in every 15 minutes it turns into a
different movie
it's amazing that's so fucking weird I
remember thinking that was interesting
and trippy when I was a kid it is it it
I'm not gonna call it a great movie but
it's it's interesting and it's bizarre
and it turns into like an end of the
world
epic towards the yeah I saw that at B
fest with you guys yeah and it was on it
like 4:00 in the morning and I kept
falling asleep during it and thinking I
had woken what kind of during a
different movie yes brilliant it starts
out as like a space exploration thing
well and then it becomes a what's the
next step in the evolution of that movie
I was asleep there becomes the the the
new vampire woman starts oh that's right
starts seducing people then it becomes
an end-of-the-world epic I just was it I
just remember watching that like 10
years ago and going oh my god that's
Patrick Stewart yeah that your Stewart
well cuz why not cuz why yeah that's a
crazy fucking movie so that's five good
tobe Hooper movies boom and then he went
to shit no well I got you got a good
five out of the time pretty good eaten
alive is sort of weird and interesting
it's not very good but it's stylized
them in a way that it's kind of
interesting to look at but but can you
diminish the effects of it but you can
settle down you know I was the movie
that the famous Lima Tarantino put in
Kill Bill he's like my name's buck and
I'm here to fuck Robert Englund says
that in eaten alive nice signs Len flick
ocinski wants to know why signs is so
polarizing and it's it's very I think
the answer is very simple
is M night Shyamalan made two good
interesting movies yes he may made The
Sixth Sense
and then he made unbreakable and then he
made sign that's the unbreakable is kind
of a polarizing movie too I like it a
lot everyone should like it I could I
guess I could see it being polarizing
but people liked his movies and then
signs came out and everyone was
expecting great things and it wasn't
there's a lot in signs that I liked
though that's the frustrating thing is
like some of it like turn Sienna gets so
trite and stupid
yeah the whole swing away nonsense right
it's all connective everything about a
man that rediscovering their amazing
food yeah
hey Leanne but some of the early stuff
is good sure but I think people still
wanted to hold on to that M night
Shyamalan is our next great see the
Spielberg he's our next big imagina Tori
amazing it's like oh okay you can make a
bad movie and then he got caught up in
the twist thing and yeah it was the
whole thing but I'm the village I think
that was the next one right oh jesus H
Crimson people that like that movie and
I know there were there were some nice
visuals here and there I like the
monster things before you figured out
what they were or they have a stupid
reveal and then you know the kinda nice
color and no blindly chase some of it
was fine but then you get to the
revealed really yeah really really
haven't seemed signs but isn't the
reveal that they're actually in modern
day that's the village you talk about oh
oh sorry I mean that I mean the village
I mean the village it's not a twist in
the signs that it's been signed since
modern day you know that from the
beginning I've seen silence and the
Twitter said that's the twist the aliens
are allergic to water and they invade a
planet that is 75% water yes cuz they're
smart but in the village spoiler alert
well it's already been spoiled by right
yeah oh come on it's been a decade if
you can't even have you ever been
bothered to see the village by now will
fuck you deserve to be spoiled yeah it's
worse is that it's actually well past
the spoiler expiration date yeah I saw
the village of the theater and that's
early on in the movie because at that
point everyone was expecting the twist
from his movies nope that was probably
yeah well that's the thing is like early
in that movie I I was like what's the
most obvious twist and that's what I
thought of and then it happened and I
was like no really like the most obvious
stupid twists the one I guessed almost
as a joke and that was the twist
oh no and like every I think everyone
going into the theater had both
twists pain because it was a to twist
movie right I guess the monster yeah
we're really the the elders yeah and
that there in modern time is like
everyone knew both of them right from
the get-go what drove me nuts after the
twist and this is sort of nitpicky I
think but it bothered me is okay it's
revealed that it's modern time but it's
this little village they want to create
like olden times right raising their
kids like that why do they put on fake
English accents like if they're raising
these kids in this environment that
they're you know this is just their
reality like what they can talk however
they want to be yeah LARPers let's take
character they committed to the vid but
why do they need to have English accents
it doesn't matter they don't the kids
don't know anything else that was their
fantasy we want to be in ye olde England
I guess then you gotta remember to do
that all the time right
yeah used to it after a while I've tried
I was in the village you crazy
