Episode 562
Totally Not Organ Trail (Part 1)
June 19, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tNQF84bzQf0
___________________________________________

as the children say oh shit I forgot the
controller that is not what I didn't
forget the controller
I basically I hope the controller up so
long ago yeah that I forgot I hooked it
up also I want to say I don't think the
kids say boom goes the dynamite anymore
I think that's that's a what old people
say cuz that's an old internet thing you
know and also not gonna say very shortly
Fleck and you keep saying it and I don't
know why
they're gonna stop saying that so I'm
like a minute it's on fleek by the time
this video goes up in YouTube you're
gonna look like a moron
Filipe I think the fleek video already
went up I think I see comments already
about the fleek video going up okay okay
so it's I'm still relevant is I guess
what I'm saying I'm gonna start my
stand-up timer because that's important
in them nobody wants to hear about that
how about your standard nobody what they
want to hear about yeah sup every one of
your political and spiritual beliefs is
wrong and I'm going to explain why for
the next three hours that's what they
want right that's exactly what they look
alright I'm I am 90% sure I did let's
double check that that time look
somebody wrote a script that was a
username was this new this this new
subscriber has said there's a script now
yeah where I could type in exclamation
point subs that's great
but I have to be in the chat actually I
suppose when I type that I'm not outside
of the chat yeah or else I just type
into the ether and there's nothing you
just type it into the operating yeah and
nothing happens
oh my god I hit an eight and there
should be a shame were earlier and there
was a link there it is second uh-oh we
have a link No
okay great but also we haven't watcher
oh yeah double check in the 2000 it
wasn't running it wasn't it's right here
Oh was it yes it's very important
according to according to whom come on I
can tell you I can tell you something
very important you tell me a lot of
things I got you know what I can and I'm
going to I'm going to tell you a lot of
things according to John kilo yeah
moderator John kilo this very week rich
Evans okay is our two-year anniversary
of streaming as a twitch partner Wow two
years that's shocking
yes it feels like so much longer than it
really does to me it goes by in a flash
it goes by Anna and ass we do soon
you'll be in the grave yes murder you'll
wake up one morning and you'll be 80
years old you won't be able to walk
you'll be wearing two pens everyone you
know one love will be dead time's going
by so fast maybe no maybe not everyone I
know be dead I'll probably die before a
few people I didn't know I'm long maybe
maybe
I can only ask not if you're lucky lucky
no if you're lucky you die before the
people you let them deal with the sorrow
and the sadness that's right to explain
well c'mon you missed a little pokemon
yellow play it's a little bit of a
disappointing playthrough because I
start the playthrough wanting to catch
the secret Moo the glitchy Moo and I
underestimated how long it would take to
get to the area to catch the secret Moo
so we never actually end up catching
them but it's still a good Pokemon
stream is it wow I have no idea I don't
know I have no idea what makes a good
Pokemon stream I just hit a button and I
seem to get through the game just fine
okay we got great what is this game we
have what is this called that's like as
if the title weren't at the top of the
screen but we should probably try and do
our job this is march of the living and
several people on Twitter today
recommended that we stream this because
apparently only according to those
people on Twitter I don't know if this
is really true this is zombie FTL okay
it uses FTL like mechanics in a zombie
universe and it sounds great
okay so oh wait speaking of speaking of
the Pokemon stream if we're gonna we're
gonna get that we're gonna get good at
this we gotta get get my trainers hat on
you know the only reason I know that was
a Pokemon thing what cuz the back says
poking yeah
I opened up the box up I'm like oh this
is a minor league baseball team I've
never heard of who are they oh it's
pokemons the Ketchum's hold on wait if
we're gonna get real that turn it around
just like ash does basically if you
wanted to troll me you should have like
taken off the stitching that said
Pokemon and I would have warned a camp
not knowing any differently fucking love
it love this hat thank you to whoever
sent it I'd have worn that cap and ever
like tell me what baseball team this is
I know it looks weird when I wear a
baseball cap I normally don't wear a
baseball cap so I will not wear it but
have the fucking hat I wore it I wore it
I'm not gonna wear it I'll scream that'd
be weird
why cuz they want to see you wear the
hat they saw me wear the hats I don't
wear hats juicy hack juice juicy shock
hat
Jack wearing that cap backwards makes
him look like the world's oldest child
yeah but we're at normal it'll be fine
okay so we know what we don't know what
any of this means
Greg inventory revolver hammer
flashlight great I should have said
flashlight I should have deliberately
gotten that wrong that's a flashlight
and it would have been mildly funny but
I didn't do that I didn't think to do
that oh wow traits pistol expert plus
10% chance to hit head bonus plus 10%
great shotgun intermediate well he greg
automatically sucks
shotgun hit chance plus five had hit
dollars plus five rifle intermediate
plus five plus five
anna is locked
Derick is locked
he's he's told a lot of kids to get off
his porch just what that means what I
have no idea jack audio jack Mike closer
please is this better
here we go I can see the levels I know
this is better okay hold on we have many
two tips that I have been ignoring
turtle the Y's I saw a green room
yesterday movie of the year I will pay
for you kids to check it out and tell
Jay to get out there and support these
great films oh I mean Jay you'll see it
no matter what I've been looking forward
to that one that's the one with Patrick
Stewart and it's a it's like punks
versus Nazis set in like an old like not
an old set in like a CBGB's like punk
bar and it's like neo-nazis versus a
punk band supposed to be fun okay it has
Patrick Stewart looks great I'm glad
it's awesome leftover beefcake here's to
two years of learning about so many
things from your streams other kin blue
waffles heat death clown college vagina
dentata and now cannibalism thanks so
much for the education guys to be fair
you didn't learn about the cannibalism
from the stream we learned about that
from the best of the world you know all
part of it we could have a long
discussion right now about cannibalism
juicy Shack me we could do that
the riddle of Steel says rich Evans I
know you like normal guys versus
sorcerer stories I loved Conan chat said
you mentioned King Conan ages ago Jack
and Rich please tell me how you'd make a
king a Conan story work what maybe I
haven't seen King Khan what is that
that's never been made Oh old Conan
after he's been King they were talking
about making a movie about old Conan for
a while I don't know if it's completely
dead right now
that sounds awesome yeah that sounds
awesome but like after he becomes king
they were gonna tell a story with Arnold
mouth and so I mean the way the way you
make that story work is uh I'm not sure
specifically what you do but just
anything that's more Conan will it be
too bad I think the story is like you
know the the board the board King he was
a warrior there's whole life and now he
has to be ruler and so like it's it's
his final har on he knows he's going to
his death because he hates being king so
as king he decides to to to mount some
dumb battle that everyone's advising him
against and he note he knows it's gonna
kill him right it's got to end with his
death
I know you don't like sad stories but to
me I don't know about making a Conan an
idiot the whole thing getting into an
ill-advised battle no no but I want like
watching that not an idiot a big battle
of various mammal a fish or will go out
in battle sure that's what it is it's
it's a it's a battle that he knows he
can't win is I guess what I'm saying but
he does it anyway
because he's fucking Conan that's how
you huh that's how you end the Conan he
wins anyway he wins he he wins the
unwinnable battle and if afterwards
everyone's like how the fuck could we
did we do that
and Conan just like his business as
normal and Conan is really sad cuz he
wanted to die sure yeah that's actually
that's not a bad as long as he's
disappointed that he didn't die in the
glorious battle and you're then you're
doing something neat and unique and
you're not following on the same old
tired ass yeah he died but they won the
day bullshit okay he goes into battle
hoping for a glorious end he doesn't get
it because he's just too good and he has
to go back to being King and he hates it
that'd be great
well he could just he could just walk
away from being a king and go about some
other mysterious adventure as old Conan
I like that better
yeah his his court you know beckons him
back and he says I'll be right I just
turns the fuck around around the crow in
the foreground yeah and he's walking
away yeah that's how you end up just
it's it's that shot of like his feet and
you just drop to the dust right I mean
and he picks up like a dead soldiers
sword on his way out yeah just goes on
it's not the fancy King sword no no
actually he would never use the fancy
king sword that's part of the reason to
piss him off he doesn't like the pump
yeah he's like the pomp and circumstance
he wants a warrior that would be great
rich and I are gonna get right on that
script so Hollywood you're right we
should probably play the king
we get off on tangents and that's what
you guys you think I should like I'm
clicking start okay on kadai anna says
hey Jack enriched Civil War opened up
early here in Europe I think you'll
enjoy it anyway I think rich will love
to play darkest dungeon as another way
to get subscribers killed in the game
well not right this second apparently we
always like playing games that get you
guys killed the ops which says I'm sure
you get a lot of recommendations for
games you don't like but here's $20 to
goes towards telling the next person to
ask rich to play an RTS or watch anime
to go fuck themselves okay the next
person who recommends an anime or a
real-time strategy game to rich we have
to say go fuck yourself okay cuz someone
tipped us to say Conan's public domain
yes that means we can write don't
indicate you can probably write it but I
think the film rights are a different
least entirely film rights are not
public domain nobody not anybody can
make a Conan film sure okay well there
would be more somebody else would have
made one okay yeah yeah you're probably
right
yeah you're probably right okay here we
go the past couple of weeks you've been
barricaded up in your home trying to get
a hold of your ex-wife Chloe over the
phone is that Chloe your clone Chloe
okay no one on the other end has ever
picked up though and this has made you
worried for both her and your son Tom
over whom she has custody even though
you and Chloe may not have parted on and
the best of terms two years ago
you still care about them and want to be
sure they're not the same
post-apocalyptic nightmare mr. Gregg's
back story just wars the fuck out right
it's Nami this is it though this is FTL
what do we got to do an FTL oh you gotta
get you got to get a hard drive to the
resistance Oh No yeah no to the Empire
storing as many supplies as you can
realistically carry in your old car you
drive over the state border towards
their home soon enough your vehicle runs
out of fuel and grinds to a halt just
before you ditch it though you hear an
interesting broadcast over the radio
survivors in the secured city of
Wellston Oh secured city of Wellston too
far to the east claim to have a ship
which they plan to use to find sanctuary
off shore if you can find Chloe and
Thomas maybe you can you can take them
there okay start your journey uh turtle
the wise I'm sure you have heard about
Patton Oswald about Patton Oswalt his
daughter wrote this too oh that's right
did you hear about patents life credibly
sad news I mean just anybody and I you
know I met the guy for 20 minutes once
and just he was the nicest guy to us to
agree to be in space cop and really
unfortunate news I don't even know if
they like determined a cause of death
yet but she was incredibly young but
his daughter today wrote when your mom
dies you're the best memory of her
everything you do is in memory of her
just beautiful little kid little smart
kid taking on the name terrible terrible
knows all all love and thoughts
it's a baton bilikiss is happy two year
anniversary you hack frauds Jack could
you bring back some Jimmy jams for one
night only I will do my belt oh my god
this is an empty omen
so we have to get here and then is that
yellow marker the ship these are cities
I would assume that yes Jesus let's pick
one I like it that's true you know what
Mike Michael the grief is requesting a
moment of silence oh my god so we will
do that right
that was great great don't need to do
this is a wild dog use you approaching
and begins to growl and bark seems to be
injured badly right something was it
seems to be injured badly I noticed his
the initials H age bred it into him
right next to a large bite mark that
could be seen on its back doesn't look
like it's gonna make him I can hear it
moans and grunts in the distance so I'll
have to ask act quickly before the
rotters come to investigate so we might
be able to get a puppy friend we could
end the dog suffering there just move on
listen survival job survival it has
initials branded into it which means
that it might be tamable but it also
means it's been branded so it might not
be too friendly to humans anything the
dog suffering would almost certainly
make noise too though yep you can't have
the rotters coming no then again with
that dog they might go after the dead
dog sure it's yours
I'm all for shooting this thing in the
head then this you are you are in charge
of this journey rich and end the dogs
suffering ended loud bang echoes out
from the road brief limp of follows
quickly after Boggs had better place now
I moved quickly before the infected get
too close there you go okay okay now
let's see here I would like to recommend
justified of smoke fisted buy dope smoke
would like to recommend Naruto and ages
of Empires fuck yourself
thank you for the tip though oh look
there's like a growls neither busy I'm
saying that zombies yeah you began
walking alongside a deteriorated
railroad running east shirt well into
this leg of my journey I happen to cross
a lone cap from what I assume is a
diesel locomotive this intrigues me
so I climb up inside take a look around
terior of the train cab is a mess it
seems like the unfortunate driver was
who shot where he sat on the back of the
head his brains blown out across Oh
God's present part out across the back
ok a decently sized bullet hole all but
confirms the story I every consciously
shove the corpus aside oh god oh god and
I check the controls my best guess is
that it seems to be a work order oh my
it's my guess I don't know the fuel
gauge is it's really very low try to
start the train get off
start walking
our Millah I see that you've started
watching Fargo excellent choice
that's a great show ah you know again
you're you're kind of in control of this
one yeah I might have fucked that side
the Train Oh rich tour guide Nixon wants
you to watch Evangelion you know I know
this is the second one not the first but
go fuck yourself
right and Kazem osm says hey rich Jack
just want to thank you for all the XCOM
stream slash talk it got me interested
in the game bought enemy within four ten
bucks on a PSA say he'll early this week
and can't stop oh it's amazing
ten bucks puts on PSN it's amazing it
did it had it like it had a surprise
release on the Vita but it was like it
was like not advertised even like on
there like new release page of the
PlayStation Store yeah there's just like
boom just there one day ten bucks
easy peasy I know how I'm tardy we will
not be taking an hour-long break at 9:00
to watch Game of Thrones no I searched
the entire cab I managed to find a
manual or at least checklist of steps
and activating the Train well I could
follow a list this is very unfortunate I
go through all of these steps one by one
checking them off clearly so I know they
were the ones that were checked you have
to be very careful to be very thorough
you're right until it logged laughs the
trade begins to do forward the tracks
all by God's moving very fast I think
this is a good thing I I suppose I don't
know
I ride the rails very a couple of hours
at a slow pace until the the diesel
engine finally runs out of fuel at this
point I just like get off the trade I
start walking good because really what
else am I gonna do with that that's
great
a blow tractor has a point as many of
you know I I worry about my kids
watching certain movies at their young
age blow tractor would like to say Jack
let your kids watch Jurassic Park I saw
it at age five and now I go to Princeton
just say well I'm just maybe you're
failing at Princeton well I don't know
that I don't know anything about you
oh there's a fatigue fatigue
it makes combat more difficult for your
character moving a mouse cursor over the
character's portrait to see penalties
created from fatigue okay
okay so you got a hit chance penalty and
a melee damage penalty okay okay okay so
do you need to wait we have food eat is
there a way to make you eat well
probably confirm after I clicked on the
button though I didn't see you click on
that one I'm sorry okay rest
oh what's that pot it's pause so you
probably have to resume and then you
start eating
that
your hunger level oh you did not eat
anything you still have five apples
yes eat
okay now you're good I don't think he
was highlighted before alright okay I
don't like this darkest this is good I
arrived outside my ex's apartment yeah
she's such a bitch
carefully and drag the front lobby
shattered glass front door eye out for
infected as I make my way up to the
third floor and I make sure not to touch
the guardrails on the stairs because the
people who live here are just they're
filthy and hasn't gotten any better
since the zombie apocalypse
look at how sticky these rails are I can
catch some kind of disease yeah yeah
today where do you think the zombie
infection started exactly
sticky hygiene is important people deke
rails divides Bay I find fresh blood
sprayed across walls in a macabre
display that shake the cordite smell and
mix of human and rotted corpses
throughout the building and you can tell
I'm smart because I have read a
thesaurus cordite I have never heard the
word cordite before well I have because
I'm smart and I read it into the thoris
this place must have fallen recently
making me fear the worst for my ex-wife
ed kid well honestly mostly my kid
because as we have established my
ex-wife kind of a bitch your your more
rescuing your ex-wife out because she's
in the same place as your kid I caught
her sleeping with my best friend Carl
hmm like I was devastated
yeah if he did something he'd make some
more body ate he's got muscles come I
know Carl and he is a handsome man
anyway consider you a guy I sneak over
to the door of a Chloe's apartment and
listen carefully I am alarm to hear the
pottery smashing to the ground I would
assume that she were having a fight with
me has happened frequently but we were
having fights but obviously I am not in
the room with her so that is not what's
going on someone inside must be looting
her place or maybe it's some that got
stuck inside I'm not sure but it's cause
for concern I ready my weapons just in
case I enter the apartment stealthily as
that is my only option as quietly as I
possibly can
slowly I open the apartment door and
creep inside it's difficult to see what
the lights seemingly shut out peeking
around the corner into the rather
external arge living room exterior I I
see a lone figure tearing the place
apart tossing side piles of clothing a
junk trying to find something about this
figure a short sniffling man ohh shotgun
slug over his show all by God he's got a
shotgun
he seems incredibly agitated
oh my god I'm watching him from movement
III I noticed the shaking and making
strange noises every time he always
figure on something is he masturbating
oh my god he's masturbating over Chloe's
clothing Oh No well this is not good at
all
I can try and be diplomatic and talk to
that or I get as obese too unstable to
reason with I could shoot him and save
myself some trouble
you know I'm four I always like more
crew members in FTL well my character is
a coward Oh then you definitely wouldn't
shoot but in a coward but then again I
can't really stab the sight of blood so
I really I'm really torn here on what to
do
everyone in stream is saying shoot him
in the face shoot him in the face that's
what they're saying I think you might
want to be diplomats ultimately my
cowardice is when I go okay I'm gonna
shoot him in the back cuz actually now
that I think about it that looks like
the back of Carl's head and quite
frankly I owe him for the bag could
react I fire my own weapon striking my
target clearly cleanly edit art though
whatever light was in the man's eyes has
faded away completely ah Blake's to be
Wow I check out his shotgun an older
buck and immediately throw it away
because well I'm an idiot and I throw
out shotguns
when they would be highly valuable in
this there's a zombie apocalypse well ii
think that zombies are actually just
it's an infection it was a perfectly
logical scientific reason why they would
be walking around but I'm digressing
again as I frequently do the body and
the barrel showing up damage on it that
I'm certain it would explode if I try to
fire it because I am a gun scientist
apparently you are you are a an English
major and a gun scientist well I've read
the forest you've read I I majored in
two sources I wrote at the forest once
you wrote wood that was your job I just
I opened another four Thoris and I just
wrote all the words down and legally I
mean what could they do other words
didn't isn't I could say these words all
exist I just broke them down no no there
was there's actually aren't there cases
of phantom words in dictionaries and
thesauruses and on maps
mapmakers and england dictionary makers
put in phantom words so they can check
other people's dictionaries to see if
those not real words make it it maybe
that's why I got fired for my authority
job
okay predict Ulis was not a synonym for
for couch crunk ridiculous I always like
to sit down a micron Knik Ulis and watch
TV okay hold on
who knew Dan this says Happy New Year
streaming I didn't get to mention that
like another zombie game you've streamed
darkest dungeon allows your party
members to die of dysentery and
depression looking forward to it
Shawn wants to recommend it Dissidia dis
jeah on the ps4 it's turn based mostly
melee combat JRPG everything rich loves
rolled into one with bonus a lots of
grindings
for levels oh so so Shawn go fuck your
space good ever says hello from Ireland
and thanks for all the great content
civil war is great
I'm I'm so hyped it's this weekend I'm
so hyped okay can't wait to see Batman
vs Superman done right can't wait to see
what you guys think of it and have you
thought of playing have you guys thought
of playing some of the worst games ever
for our enjoyment I think we just happen
to have done that you know without
fix-it really work that isn't really the
same things bad movie you need there's
there's a very there's a smaller butter
zone like big rigs we could we get
distracted from the game too much too
much for that to really work I favorite
turtle of Isis did you know there is a
Deathstalker - we know there's four of
them it came in a four pack of raping
features we have them all barbarian
queen the warrior princess couldn't help
myself actually it wasn't that the plan
is if it landed on Deathstalker first we
would replace it with soccer - hoping
that it would land on that I don't know
what happened with that because we did
land on Deathstalker but we didn't
replace it we were like yeah we got so
excited that we got to watch a
Deathstalker and tour guide Nixon says
if you guys are gonna play a visual
novel at least play Katawa shoujo or
claude unfortunately we're not going to
play a visual novel so I think this is
so far
there's been a lot lot there's been a
lot more reading in this than FTL I'll
tell you that well no to be fair we just
skip over all of the reading at FTL
there's plenty of reading at FTL
that's true that's true okay and search
the apartment okay Deathstalker did have
the best cover ever you're right I
searched the bedroom but find a corpse
laid out odd by former bed its faces
disfigured by oh no there's no mistaking
that short dark blond hair those
highlights
oh poor Chloe oh I guess she got dead
I'm kind of relieved for a second there
I thought it was my mistress wait they
have the same hair as I have the pipe it
was ever hair that your but fortunately
this is Chloe quite frankly I'm relieved
I'm kind of relieved I'm going to find
whoever murdered my ex-wife and I'm I'm
going to give them a lollipop quite
frankly I'm gonna ask him how it felt
and then I'm going to give them a
lollipop and then well well maybe I'll
burn them to just steal all their stuff
because this is ah be a punk that's and
that's what you do I want this stuff
that's what you do there's no sign of
Tom I'm kind of attached to my child but
searching the apartment further I find a
oh I find a note scribbled on a torn
sheet of paper signed by by by Carl my
ex-wives bastard of a boyfriend Carl my
former friend Carl you dick Carl's ACK
Carl Zack Carl Zack it's a strange thing
you have a dumb last the rice tells me
I've got two first names he does the
giver yep like like he's used to it he
grew up that way like Billa big girls ah
me yep
all right read the note from Carl Carl
Zack Carl Zack that's his full name
worid wait how we won
I thought I was like Gregor's over my
ward about rigor I forget who was who
was Warren there was a Warren something
we did oh wait no I don't think they
were oh that's rubbish that the Western
game was like ex-cop Warren okay great
that X cobbler you didn't have dynamic
characters that kind of birds from the
game they told you you were worid and
award was kind of a boring fuck oh god
you know what I've forgotten completely
about that stupid Western X comedy but
love the note says Warren Warren as
always you're late I'm taking off out of
this crazy place and I'm going to my
cabin you know please I'm stuck with a
stupid kid right now I figured we could
use them to sneak into places and still
shit if he dies he dies anyway don't
waste time
you know where to find me Zack you know
what I like Zack already because he's an
efficient thinker like we can use this
kid and when he's not used to fuck them
quite frankly it's the zombie apocalypse
ed I would do the same thing yeah you
know actually I already got Zacks child
murdered I had a I had am crawling
around a drug store I needed some more
adderall okay it's our adderall it's
hard to come by
how would I be if I did you get Zacks
kid kidnapping this is this was months
before the apparel for breaking up your
Mary took my kid I was fair's fair
Touche rich Touche fair's fair
all right let's go yeah I am looking for
some adderall and a safe fell on him it
was like something out of a Looney Tunes
cartoon somebody actually dropped a safe
on Zacks kid I thought I thought oh my
god he was trying to he was trying to
get it he was trying to get a piece of
cheese out of a mousetrap thank God that
wasn't me when he buggered the mousetrap
it pulled on a string and that string
led to a series of comical pulleys that
released a tiny hammer that hit a piano
down a ramp that piano ran into a mouse
that scared the mouse of the mouse
up then the cat chased the mouse and the
cat had a string attached to his tail
that pulled on another hammer that hit
the safe that made it fall onto the kid
well Dave the the pharmacy owner whose
good friend he really did not like mice
yeah Dave what mousetrap was not enough
I'd have to be had to have the backup
safe I don't know I used to bounce as
part of his mousetrap well because if I
had somebody by sits Dave Goldberg and
so like he was just following in his
grandfather's footsteps good old room
good old room the Roses more Conan
tangents does your Conan need to die in
glorious battle for Valhalla does he
fight noble first Conan is not a Viking
no no Cohn is that a fun prom he
worships her doesn't worship right more
accurately less he fight a sorcerer
again our hordes of barbarians see I'd
like to think like King Conan or it's
gotta be a kingdom kind of thing yeah
this and like civilization will have
moved on because also he's like ageless
cuz he's Conan right and so like we're
getting into like the early Dark Ages
like no you don't know like he's not
immortal he's just going in well I'm not
saying he's in mortem just saying he's
fucking ageless he's in the Hyborian age
I'm not sure when that's supposed to be
if that's even supposed to be a part of
our history like he lost aid right but
it's it is a specific time that he lives
in I instantly I'm thinking like maybe
we see some more quote-unquote in modern
weapons like some catapults you know
some like some things that weren't in
Conan's time
and then he punches the catapult yeah
you have punch catapults yeah he takes
the catapult and just rips it in half of
his bare hands maybe maybe he's fighting
an army where they have just invented
like gunpowder that's the army he's up
against I'm not sold on that that's
probably a terrible idea problem listen
you know what we're we're in right now
what's called the spitball phase where
you just kind of do you see what sticks
you've the spaghetti phase no of Italian
shaming okay there is a lot of reading
on this game yeah
don't you think do you want me not to it
seems to be entertaining no no I'm
sipping I'm saying like as a as a
criticism so far well I mean I think I
made it to a plot point fairly early if
these maps are random I don't know
Oh plus I'm going on tangents while I'm
reading this it's taking me a lot longer
to read it than it should
okay
rich you have mixed feelings about this
place every doesn't really ya oh yeah I
have mixed feeling about the situation
well I'm glad table wasn't left to die
with his mother it's clear that Zach
does not care about him even though he's
been raising him for the last year and a
half well he doesn't care about all the
way that I do I I know all about the
cabin Zach is talking about I could
started using it to be mined before it
was taken in the divorce God thank God
Chloe's dead I remember Tom complaining
about how dirty it was when he was taken
there by his mother last summer because
they never cleaned that place and it may
be squeamish every time I visited I had
to bring a whole a whole satchel worth
of wet naps just before you touched the
door or you went use the kitchen I
waited the kitchen was and there was
there was a crumb on the counter from a
plate of cookies that had been there the
night before oh my god it's terrible
rich the fact that Zach isn't taking
care of the place that kind of makes me
angry I don't know why it's any of my
business really but it I'd always got my
child
the thought of that messy cabin you got
your child and he it's quite possible
that he murdered your ex-wife which is a
good thing but you know you might be
upset that he he murdered him and not
you and you didn't I almost did several
times right actually hold on real quick
dr. Kiehl dekat has a technical question
yeah people listening to my videos
always say the audio is too quiet but I
hear it fine how do you know when audio
is loud enough decibel levels what for
good luck oh no he's talking about like
editing video Oh like right you know us
the streaming is a little harder to tell
the general rule when making YouTube
videos is you want your spoken audio to
between be between negative six and
negative three decibels
music background music then goes down to
like negative
twenty-eight to negative 30 decibels and
sound effects somewhere in between but
for spoken audio if it reads and between
negative three negative six you should
be fine I'm heading off my cabin head
off to your cabin on a quest marker has
been added to my bap I like you know I
like role-playing games I like sometimes
I like to pretend like I'm on a quests
and I have a map I put like mark Reeth
on it I just added a little adventure I
gave myself plus 110 experience you
might need to rest
it was probably yeah I should probably
sleep this is a safe zones rest I'm
gonna sleep next to my fucking dead wife
Chloe because fuck that bitch and I want
to enjoy the fact that she's dead I just
got to push it over a little bit you
know what I'm gonna push around the
wrong side of the bed because fuck her
a lawnmower is over what are you talking
about I'm talking about when you are
when you are editing a video and you fee
and you know zero is very is very hot
not bad I know how to do stuff I know
how to edit stuff
it's endless city unsub's exciting
calling why does my mic look further
from his face than riches because it is
further from my face that is that
fucking with our audio I don't you know
she tears be closer should mind before
the opposite of the thing it should be
isn't it these are these are sensitive
microphones I I try to keep it here I
think it works fine because like because
I usually we usually end up you yelling
Oh
care for a little game man standing as a
hastily made and a hastily made table
asks there's a bit of food in it for ya
I got me a 22 revolver blanks play
Russian roulette with yeah I'll wait
your father rations oh I played roulette
in Vegas it was very fun I don't know
why we need a gun for this though but
y'all play that game let's all say house
sounds fun quite frankly it's the zombie
apocalypse I'm kind of bored I could use
a little bit of gambling I don't know
what value money hasn't but I guess rule
where's the roulette table oh wait you
don't have five right oh no oh I don't
have five minutes I guess I can't plate
yeah I was stupid planning my guys will
go back doing things the hard way what
what what oh shit oh my god I this is
for real now this is for real we've
never done combat before I quit frankly
I fantasized about shooting Chloe all
the time but I never actually used my
gun I think I might have the bullets
loaded the wrong way okay if I have the
bullet well let's shoot B I don't how
does it work how does this work
okay wait select in action
weapon old revolver we had a six
heartily low price W chamber
I've had chances 85%
what the
what
that's right okay
oh hey chance 30 you don't want that 30
whoa wait go to this boundary
can you move because like there's a like
percentages down below you
oh wait there's other actions to beat
later
melees pushback
thirty shit yeah thirty shit percentage
agreed
but it's all you got its on 30% though
there's a is there a move forward option
that's what I'm wondering
let's a reef cake we can't get on the
roof there's no roof we can't get on the
roof and we cannot hunker down so 30 yet
and if we press W that that gives us a
melee option right get closer
I mean if it's 30 percent each obviously
go for an upper body shot right
yeah
shoot you have like a little bar oh
that's great well you got it you got a
revolver instead of your old revolver
let's see here rich says optimist no
I've been watching a few Star Trek
documentaries
why does Shatner have to include himself
into every discussion is he that
insecure about his legacy that his ego
needs constant stroking he's not
insecure he's just a narcissist
he doesn't realize what he's doing he
thinks that's what it should be it's not
insecurity yeah it's the it's the
genuine belief it's too much security I
went to a TNG cast reunion uh-huh
there's a whole main cast TNG that's
great Patrick Stewart never won and for
some reason William Shatner was the host
he spent half the time talking during
the TNG cast reunion was he ever on an
episode of tangent no that sucks
that sucks man the riddle of Steel says
the Hyborian age is lost in time after
the oceans drank Atlantis and the rise
of the Suns various all of the kingdoms
got wiped out by in by the peaked
invasion pics are these Scottish Aztec
people okay bone number one said if I
send $5 with it and rich or Jack doesn't
like Final Fantasy Tactics will you send
it back please also rich looks a lot
better after his UFC debut
I'm sending firehead it's got a Soviet
with laser eyes what I don't have no
idea also rich looks a lot better after
his UFCW I'm sending fire ants
you're right Conan worships Crom the
uncaring God how you get down krob he
believes in Crom does he actually
worship Crum doesn't Konad at some point
say you shouldn't worship Crum because
you don't want to get crumbs attention
or do I have that wrong hold on it
represents Conan's acceptance that
nobody will help him but himself
unlike the weak civilized people who
pray for help so I don't think he
worships Crum he just he acknowledges ya
kromm is there yeah but no one will help
you unless you help yourself to my
understanding out it could be wrong that
he believed in Crum but he did not pray
to crime because crime is an asshole and
you really don't want to get crumbs
attention sure and oh it's answer your
question Bona number no there's no
guarantee that we will send it back we
might not ever play it we might play it
and hate it but there's no guarantee we
will send it back I will not make that
guarantee just don't send it don't I
mean yeah if you if you are not okay
with losing it forever then do not send
it
it's called final fantasy I don't give a
shit no he doesn't worship crumb okay
yes people are correct
oh wait until later when he makes a
prayer to him but but says hey screw you
bud if he doesn't help him you thinking
of major league that's never won that's
the chicken is it what not of course and
yeah and then everyone wanted the luck
and lucky chicken bones brother yeah
yeah he won't help me well then screw
you I'll do it myself or something like
that then he hits the curveball once he
embraces atheism beautiful story evil
dead Tim you are incredibly incorrect
Primus does not suck
Primus is great I don't give a shit
traveler traveler Helsby for the
distance I am unable to raise my gun
until the stranger to keep his distance
sure I passed I just can't do that I
don't know why you don't have any
bullets left died by zero boats zero
below fuck yeah well he wouldn't know
make an empty threat
every threat I made to my wife Chloe
you're a completely empty threat you're
absolutely right why she got everything
in the divorce I have them I need quit
the gun I could swear I equip the other
one though that could be wrong stop
walking and ask him for safe distance
feels good yeah sure so he's a store
teddy bear flashlight candle like I
don't need any other shit camcorder
why would I be that he is a shy did I
need an apple you could sell your old
revolver I need a fucking Apple because
you know ah you have a new revolver this
is bullshit
this is just bullshit fuck credits what
am I gonna do with credits have three
apples I want more I need more apples
three apples what any money he's got
what he's got one I get by oh I need
four credits for the apples well this is
horseshit
what I don't have enough credits to buy
the Apple I can sell an Apple that would
give me enough credit buy one what how
would a terrible terrible thing we've
got going on here can I burn you and
take your stuff you could have earlier
but you didn't have the gun equipped
apparently well I'm not very
uncomfortable around firearms I shot one
bad once in the back uh-huh another guy
I think he just died I think I hit him I
don't know what happened to that other
guy he just died you killed them that's
what I tell myself I think hold onto the
hammer you definitely need the
flashlight I think you're fine be done
here
jerk and I am i pitiless you know
there's a city apparently
I arrived in West way cities are great
fight supplies but are also highly
dangerous places so I should be careful
ok hmm I did food I think I'm gonna what
do you think grocery store drug store I
need health you need health and you need
you need health more than you need food
you have three apples all right all
right very soon you will have two apples
because you'll need to eat one as your
hunger is getting crazy no shit I'm eat
apples
I wanted that Apple before so bad
wouldn't give me an apple you have three
apples
select how long you will serve be
searching the drugs from our Testament
searching
what well oh my god good you made too
much noise probably want to melee as
many as you can to save on bullets you
as you only have twenty bucks
wait what hammer
can you equip the hammer or the revolver
yeah but then you're wasting bullets
what's with their foreign it well if you
can kill them with the hammer I
should've stayed at my barricade
wouldn't it
that's the rule with the zombie
apocalypse rich is kill all that you can
with melee weapons first because bullets
are fleeting
response
it says out of bullets what says out of
bullets oh you need to reload
apparently you can only reload when it's
not paused first pause button interspace
I've no idea what annoyed
I don't know
wait till you have a little blue button
that's okay it's okay
have we learned have you learned lessons
yeah have you learned lessons rich i
falled the ground Oh guy follow the
crowd in agony knowing that I've met my
Baker I wonder how things could have
gone so wrong with my last breath I
myself for giving a shit about my son I
I had a barricade no you realize I had a
generator at an xbox high a generator an
Xbox and a copy of Dead Rising I had
enough food to last me seven fucking
years and your and you left for your kid
I agree leftover beefcake it's all
Khloe's fault it's all Cory's fault that
bitch that bitch rich anonymous has a
very important question how much of a
tip would it cost for you to to Eskimo
kiss to Eskimo kiss eskimo kisses when
we rub noses together you you and me no
okay no no okay
so the journey ends Jack I think it's
your turn okay I'm gonna try to John
switch spots seeing more easily use the
mouse yeah you take this you'll probably
need the keyboard though for like
pausing and sure there's commands I've
got this okay I got this all okay oh and
I closed the game apparently I've closed
the end
see the absence of sound ambient growls
keep those right on vertical yeah some
people don't like in the voice not
liking the voice yeah that's not for
everyone what is our name our name is
Greg
we're Greg rich fix the mouse cursor
what's wrong with it what's wrong with
it we need it this game requires a
cursor yeah
that's who is your Greg Jagger who is my
grave
who is your Greg aimless drifter well
well okay I'm going up I'm gonna get me
to sanctuary I'm gonna get find me a
nice woman I'm gonna marry her okay
- what Greg is gonna do all that sounds
that sounds great jack yeah it's fine
demamp
oh okay so the same chick here's Chloe's
apartment yeah all right we can only
assume that's our destination you know
what happens when you're soon yep oh
wait hold on this is math one of three
yeah oh shit apparently there's plot
points and whatnot Jebus this is huge
good well you know what I'm gonna I'm
gonna take it easy here we're just gonna
go to the closest destination one
destination at a time chat was hoping
for Sean Connery that would go and do it
some also will Sean Connery it out
I'm going up here them with
there's Greg
all right god I hit him with the hammer
oh I get a weighted ring mod now you my
now wedding ring I'm gonna put you own I
just married a zombie you're my wife now
everyone look away everyone look away we
have to see Odin up she was sounds like
you're eating is that how you seal the
nuptials that's how I see her nuptials
have I mentioned that I've never sealed
the nuptials before only once every time
you've been married 10 times oh it's
time to stand up it's time to stand up
and walk around even though that's what
I'm already doing well don't ruin the
immersion there's a stand-up timer time
what we're doing this kind of shit we
should get that back we should get that
back
we're never really use it they're really
I just wanted to stand up a little bit
I just wanted to stand up deep fried all
right
time was still moving in the game I
forgot to pause it
alright now I'll back alright here we go
here we go we don't get it happening
down with our still don't get it
happening now
I got that wedding ring I'm instantly
alerted to a large number to a large
volume of gunfire by head on the road as
a host of my weapon a small group of
survivors roars best shooting at a large
Hall bearing down on them some other
otters spot me and they start charging
at me oh but they don't know that Greg
Greg is a fighter Greg's going to fight
him
I think I need my gun
oh you have a flee option that flee
option might be invaluable in my beer
age I'm just letting you know it's there
I'm gonna have time to reload
don't forget to switch to your melee
weapon I've got a group manage know I
have seen look true
oh you did you can / do that with Devin
you can do that with Devin all right all
right great
I tried to push him back it did not work
him in the face now we're gonna hit him
in the face with a hammer hit him I'm
Greg I just back the last of my foes I
turn around and see if I can't find him
nice people who dumped their problems on
me cuz Greg is here to help but they
move too far beyond my reach
if I ever see them again I'm gonna give
them a hug and tell them that everything
will be okay did you used to be a
therapist Greg everything will be okay
Greg likes people
Greg's a people person oh I'm a pistol X
but now where can I reload how did that
happen I don't know probably just
shooting some be successful yeah man
okay Bank angle good day are you turning
in the mill
I donno I took aback
sling nose / 990 fried mashed potatoes
right we're never been in that about it
you know real oh okay
the Greek sir miss black swear I thought
it was I guess he was it was
intermediate in the other ones
how do I continue going ma'am
that's also space to resume you can't
get to that it's not connected dan nodes
is randomly placed okay but there's a
bar going from there to there right away
I'm on Damona green you see this gray
bar why are there gray bars coming out
of the blue that's my old destination oh
you're at Green never mind never mind
I'm doing why wouldn't I go to the
farthest one I don't
whatever-whatever Jack because I'm
taking my time motherfucker
Greg is trying to gather supplies and
learn how to play the game Greg wants to
be any fishes I'll be hunter hey Leo go
get over there you wouldn't have died
and killed other Greg Greg didn't
understand how weapon equipping worked
exactly but this Greg takes his time can
you change their name that's a good
question you should be able to change
their is that everyone is great is great
a great deal of it
Greg is a great name Greg is a name my
daddy gave them is oh I love Greg and
nothing
I thought he ran a continuous stirring
about Lobos understandably concern I
start cracking the sound towards
homework then I like a closer dance
becomes more and more apparent make me
want to throw up a little bit but I
borrow we're here in our own good freeze
I discover or nearly old courted man who
had me a held in place thanks to a
little bear crap although these Hong
Kong metal teeth and some diamond would
a man like no doubt allowing him back
and do that in I could just I just I
just want to picture somebody just
strangers stepping into the stream for
the first time it would be weird yeah
yeah it would be really strange for them
and that makes me love it more good for
that specially abled person good for
them having their own stream read I
wanna read they got a helper next to
them and everything ready thank you or
help a mystery race I want em to freedom
in from the dress
okay great now that happen like keep
going
no oh that was the destination all right
here we go
walk it out up bro my name is Greg ID a
blanket or thick smoke great being a
crowd guru I'm trying to do like
southern like I'm trying to do like deep
southern but every once in a while I
think I might go into special means
that's fine you know your special names
deep southern I miss it
hey they exist I'm sure they exist
that's not what I'm going special needs
people everywhere yeah that's not what
I'm going for though okay oh that's kind
of funny that you would just end up
there naturally isn't it Jackson oh look
there's some smoke down the road and I
like a barbecue so I'm gonna go
investigate their smoke after clearing I
found our fire still burning roasting
over there 5 Seversky rabbits mm-hmm
quickly grabbed our Evers and run leave
the clear and return to the road or rest
at the fire and heat arab 'it's i don't
like it that that's like i like i wanna
like wait and see if someone shows up
option yep cuz i'm i'm greg and I'm here
to help you know well greg sounds like a
person who couldn't resist some nice
rabbits oh they're leaving great go and
take your ride we're gonna take the
rabbit but greg one doesn't wanna Julie
I'll leave something in return for these
delicious rabbits I'm gonna do grab
Monroe you grab my rabbits and you
attempt to escape but as you go several
times I fired at me you managed to make
it back through the road buddy bear oh I
got great got shot in the leg but I got
some apples ivory my hunger
I feel reading rest I'm gonna do that
Greg you're gonna eat Greg this is
alright Oh cancel all right well then
let it go
here we go good welcome buddy got shot
in the leg small hold of in fact it is
big
get in to collect bhajami hmm I could
deal with them now oh I might be better
do L know them it's a small hole they
don't walk no fast they're reef I think
the danger not that I know anything
about this game okay is that maybe there
will be more zombies if you leave them
alone
they stop gathering and won't d'Agata
you can get them to UM get a sound
zombies work I'll go fight them then I
feel pretty good okay hold on oh I got
my gun out yes but we've got some them
down what it guns for what I got ball
I'm gonna go for upper body got Greg is
not as confidence in the shooting noise
Nonna's come and now we're gonna sweep
to our hem up we're gonna hammer this
motherfucker in the head and then we're
gonna hammer dead motherfucker in the
kneecap Wow Wow after down and only
invective operty down my weapon during
debate oh you heard a loud rattle oh I
hope dumb them I love helping the man
because there when I helped Amanda man
help you know what I'm there I lift that
tree and a man crawl out from under it
but it's too late and he's gonna turn
you won't have more than a few hours
mmm but he does give me his gun if I if
I shoot him in the head just not where's
the net
well Greg II like to help the main so
Greg will do this Greg will take the
ribama dummy mama can Greg be boom the
baby Bubba again
okay Greg need to rest now can I rest
yeah this is a risky zone I'm gonna
cancel them it's up to you and I'm not
going to with him they'd find a new
detonator
you got the fatigue going on hey Greg
believed in the power of random things
going on MIDI boom b-b-boom um the
riddle of Steel you read out of Neil
those rich how do you know these conan
things did you read the stories also did
you pick one of the RL m dudes as your
best man or are you just gonna make them
all try carrying the ring together as
Conan you don't out you know what I'm
like a lint brush my brain is like a
lint brush okay it just picks up shit as
my brain goes along I hear things and
they stick and that's how I know what I
know about Conan I've never actually
read any of the proper Robert Robert
except the coat hanger I've never read
any of the stories I've seen the movies
and I've read about Conan and like
Wikipedia and whatnot I've read some of
the comics and just osmosis Conan as
Moses crunky says two years in and we
finally hit rock bottom
oh no when when someone said prereq was
asterisk asterisk asterisk I don't think
they meant it as a suggestion for
content lol Wow ass I'm assuming ass
it's like sensor oh yeah sure you don't
like it I'm sorry it's a really easy to
turn it off we'll be doing something
different extreme maybe oh maybe boy it
is now I'm in Iran
I'm in Iran Greg Knox walking in the
rain and I won't got on I see a man and
a woman oh I love the women he's
struggling with an effective that have
grappled am they moving around too much
to a Malayalee
and you'll only have time to damn one of
them over hell I mean what am I gonna do
well you have four options so you can do
one of those oh I probably wanna save
two women good trance a fool but the
women will be mad at Greg if you build
it Amanda so I try to save them all to
you we're two resounding cracks I
completely missed the effective and he
do do survivors I hate a man I hate a
woman Greg did you did you really miss
Brett let's be honest
Greg has the bloodlust Greg likes to
kill
and reg
nope nope stop what no I don't want him
to use his gun anymore nope nope
okay Koki says no I love your stream
that was a joke about Jack's special
needs character oh I think maybe he said
we we did with the AA word okay okay
granted it was a bad joke okay
oh it would have had to get rid of my
blanket oh I take a rifle oh my god
so you gonna keep wedding ring and leave
that super useful blanket that will keep
you warm at night
what are you the blanket do it keeps you
warm at night when you're sleeping
outdoors that doesn't it makes no
difference in that game I do you know
what I think I'm going Creole that's
fine I think I'm going Cajun that sounds
great hi that guy dick I thought you
were doing that deliberately it's me but
it's been Cajun for a while has it BAM
yes I think it's totally thought you
were already there
oh it drifts it grieves in-n-out
I understand how every time I try an
accent it goes it goes wherever exactly
that's what happened what happens with
accent I'll start with Scottish I will
end up with British and then I'm in
Australia okay
yeah the blanket didn't seem to do
anything in-game so the wedding ring I
think I can sell at a high price is what
I'm hoping just the revolver you have a
pretty good new revolver my Cajun friend
I have the old revolver but the older uh
the the old revolver again we sold for a
pretty decent price which was enough to
buy an Apple this is how great you don't
gray don't need no banging Anonymous's
and he plans to stream uncharted for our
The Last of Us he's been is that the new
one yeah we might do like a first for
ours
something like that just cuz it's like a
new work yeah I know you know what I did
I know I you know I had a thought the
other day okay I was thinking about the
souls games sure have if if this were
the PlayStation 2 era
obviously you'd have to kick down the
the graphics quality some but with
blood-borne and Dark Souls 3 just be
considered your really good games just
really good games rather than oh wow
this is so fuckin good because like they
snow in in today's market they stand
alone in a sea of triple-a titles made
by failed filmmakers who make the
blandest least inspired shooter they
could ever possibly make and they fill
up with lots of talky garbage well you
know like Dark Soul Demon Souls and Dark
Souls were underground hits though those
were not initially successful no but
they weren't super huge right but you
think like the modern souls games been
magnified because they exist in a sea of
mediocrity yes okay I can I can
absolutely go along with that assumption
yes
oh the other way i'ma go idiot away and
we evolved in we going down yes shots
fired at Naughty Dog look I I'm gonna
level with you I hate Naughty Dog mm-hmm
I hate everything they've done except
for like the original Crash Bandicoot
games I hated jak and daxter if they
were horribly uninspired platformers the
sequels to jack the sequels the jak and
daxter games and they they they mixed
some Grand Theft Auto in there because
why not and then their whole Uncharted
loss of us where they just kind of do a
half-assed third-person shooter with his
overworked narrative running through it
Oh God they don't make games it's quite
possible that Uncharted has ruined
Triple A games the Uncharted series the
first one was cute where is like oh yeah
it was it was more like a graphical
benchmark I remember when the first time
charred wood came out and everyone
thought it was like oh this looks really
great but it's not it's not like a game
like it's fun no oh yeah you you go
around jump around but you know yeah
it's not a game and then they kept to
making it kept making it oh that was
great that was really nice
so here's Chloe's apartment or I could
here's what here's what my plan is I
know I'm supposed to go to Chloe's
apartment but I think I'm gonna head
down here and like forage for a little
bit longer and then had up okay check
from what I played of Dishonored unlike
some of naughty dog games they actually
cared about gameplay they what I played
I haven't played much of dishonour you
know cuz when I tried it was before I
had a new computer and I wasn't getting
the best framerate oh yeah by the time I
got this thing I just never got around
picking it up again but it seemed like
some decent stealth and it wasn't some
half-ass third-person shooter I've just
I've come to learn that when a person
makes a third-person shooter it's
because they didn't give a shit they
didn't give a shit about the game I
wanna make a game glad I got the story
idea about these elves who run a magical
kingdom but they they befriend the known
people and it's all about the tension
the racial tensions between the elders
of the nose and oh that sounds
interesting what kind of game is it I
don't know a third-person shooter they
don't care
yeah that's a good bit it's true it's so
true wait by the way everyone just wait
waiting for it tomorrow and you'll hear
a lot more on that bit I hadn't I know I
have the stupid old revolver but I don't
want to I don't want to get rid of a
weapon even if it's an old weapon I
don't want to get rid of it because I
think a weapon so I'm gonna get rid of
the ring
I got a frying pan I'm not gonna use the
frying pan because I have a hammer
now I'll get rid of the wedding ring
but whatever the story of the game is
the focus the gameplay is gonna be just
some half-ass completely half-assed
horrible third-person shooter mechanics
that are boring and he cut her and no
one gave a shit about that part of the
game
sherry senses for Greg and a special
helper I mean you always do the wacky
voices have a dad now a gay by the
smiley face
also unrelated have y'all played Phoenix
right it's my other unhealthy obsession
besides Ella sorry you know what I've
never played a Phoenix Wright game and
now that I have a 3ds
I really should I've heard great things
about them yeah
I've never played them but they've
always been like handhelds right yeah I
think I never really played much on the
hand we could blow I have nothing
against the series I might be able do
one on stream
okay well add it to the stream list I've
always wanted to play a Phoenix Wright
game I've heard nothing but great things
about them give us your suggestions for
good Phoenix Wright game on which
platform is I have a 3d three out of
three DS
anything that'll play on a 3ds let me
know VAR y r77 says hey guys
love gumbo Cajun combo Greg voice oh
yeah in other news have either of you
seen the new sci-fi show comedy it's all
like V and premise aliens take over
America they could enjoy I I've not seen
it
I actually don't have cable these days
nah if it ever comes out Netflix so
probably others saying it
they thought some kala mean I'm not nuts
Gregg had no time for Kalani Greg Barton
Zalman no you know I have not seen you
I'm making my way through season two of
unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt which is
terribly terribly have I talked about
Kenny spit on stream are you have not I
I have recently just discovered the UH
the unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt god it's a
fantastic show horribly funny horribly
fun horribly funny everyone in that show
is amazing agree Ellie Kemper oh shoot I
mean like it was just written for her it
must have it yeah yeah but Carol Kane no
steals every fucking scene she's in
every fucking scene she's in she steals
it yeah yeah
who's playing the other rich one I don't
know her name oh she's great from 30
rock what is her name
of course she's everyone everyone in
there is great the unbreakable Kimmy
Schmidt it's great
greatly I highly recommend watching it
if you had
whoa why can't I reload you why can't
they you couldn't scare you should
scavenge the hospital in the next town
you go into you're looking at your
health and then there should be a thing
yeah yeah what's going on oh I was I
tried to equip the rifle to reload it
cuz I don't think it's loaded at the
moment yeah and apparently I can't maybe
it oh oh I don't have any rifle bullets
nope oh I only have pistol bullets that
makes sense then flip the revolver yeah
I should go to a town and I'm nowhere
near a town
I guess this is the danger of me fucking
around and exploring loner Archon says
this tip is for rich to play dishonor
and his new computer but not stream it
because the chat will comment on how
rich is playing oh what did you die I
just died walking fatigue probably got
too high it was did you pass out and get
eaten
maybe hunger I know for my fatigue was
fine how did I die how did Jack die did
anyone I didn't I didn't eat gosh darn
it I did not want to die I think I think
your throat was getting sore oh I died I
was giving up on the voice but no I I
thought I was feeling pretty good about
that I think you were slowly losing
health oh and I forgot to eat probably
because of the flu fine all right you
take another go alright I want to I want
to figure this game out rich they love
they love damn it oh man and a special
shout-out to schmoyoho accent on the yo
the auto-tune the news guys who who did
the a theme the theme song apparently
that theme song was written by Tina
Fey's husband and but they wanted to
show you guys the schmoyoho guys to make
it the Gregory Brothers and it just like
I'll just write it will you guys make it
if I write it and give you all the
footage to make your own song and
they're like fucking course
they live dammit
it's a miracle
then females as strong as hail
definitely with the show this it could
be awfully confusing no it's gonna get
in their head and they're gonna get
familiar with the show watch I'm
breakable Kimmy ever watch the show
everyone has Netflix watch the show Jon
Hamm I just you know a name you know
he's a great he's great he's great
can we play Dark Souls 3 and never speak
in this game again no more plane and you
know what I'm figuring it out actually
continue on with voices you know you
could always just make Gregor voice I
this this time I was I was just reading
in my head just so I could keep the chat
talking but uh-oh look how far away she
is this time it's random look at these
like these are beautiful randomized maps
don't you think yeah stand up watch this
gosh you guys are so bossy I know
zombies right off the bat okay so you
can dude you can press W change your
weapon while you're in the positive just
one just one one one one zombie it's
just one time you gotta go back and I
think I'll I think it autotargets so I
guys you don't even need to click to hit
up he just hits okay
Malaya go that might be yeah and a rope
before last one I came to a lake and I
could have done some fishing if I had a
ever tried thing not yet okay what fee
fee ever consult my map I make my way
over to a small town hoping to find a
refuge a wildlife for a few jumpers my
giraffes Medusa nice cause guys wild
wolves are boarders something something
something I'm gonna go see what they
want you know what I was not gonna read
any shit I don't give a shit I'm making
a video there zombie apocalypse for
bears
wait what I'm making a video for bears
nobody cares about the Bears anymore I
kind of feel sorry for him but so I'm
gonna take a ginger a chance to get some
Baloo and I gotta fight a camera that's
my goal
I thought I saw a camera one of the
peddlers hands there's a camera in the
game I can get my one goal is to buy a
camera so I can make a video for bear
how is the hour that bears gonna pay you
right there God supermarket a gun store
to pharmacy where am i more likely to
find a camera mic a pharmacy miami
camera I'm fine it's fine
I got a first aid kit now give cheb all
that I'll take some shit
Frosch says hooray I'm writing a script
at the moment at least I would be if you
guys weren't live would you be so kind
to name a dog I'm putting it
no get your own dog is the dog named no
I've always been fond of the yogi Yogi's
a good dog named Fred dawn yeah
yogi son I saw once wasn't anybody I
knew is like on TV news story so he had
named their dog do G they spelled it out
like di Gio ie something like Oh do G do
would you do G yeah but they spell it
out no that's funny that's funny
also have you ever played this war of
mine no no I like no the dog fell like
no no come here no come here no and we
just get horribly confusing
yeah well I think that's the area is
it's more
or fucking zombies well I got him on the
head with a hammer or a shotgun I can
hit him on the head with a shotgun you
have pretty good I you know like to save
your bullets I was running out of
bullets last time well I got antibiotics
either you try bludgeoning for a while
since I've had a good bludgeoning yeah
so you need to choose your target you
can pause some choose your target and
then you just bludgeon
oh my god I can move oh how do you move
I just click where I want to go my feet
take me there when I got some kind of
built-in Auto I switched to a gun
I didn't tell me to switch to a gun I
had that same problem happen to me about
the fuck was that
oh whoa I mean we shot him was fine the
words glasses I always wanted to try
using glasses figure maybe it'll make my
vision better you have problems with
your vision right now
no it's 20/20 okay oh no Harmon my
vision big better I have that twenty
eighty that's my goal
twenty eighty twenty eighty I think
that's worse
I think that's worst vision I want 80/20
I don't know maybe I'll throw all these
antibiotics so I could pick up these
glasses I don't need that sounds like a
good idea everybody I stupid flashlight
I mean really well I need a flashlight
for this dumb or stupid right
I think so rich you should look into the
mecca Mandor games while while real time
strategy their campaign carries units
and resources between maps the pace is
not frantic the combat is deep and
there's a pilot permadeath vbq that
sounds neat I like the mech warrior
games well I said I like the first mech
warrior game you go like bars and hire
people it was neat no I mean actually
the first mech warrior where'd you know
the gameplay completely fuckin dated
okay but had a map you could go to any
stars you want it was like and it was
like a open-world game before they'd
even thought of such a thing
okay cool uh you know obviously you
didn't get to do much there but scroll
through the menus in the different
planets had but you could go to any
planet you wanted to go to and there was
a completely optional story where you
were like a prince it was framed for
murder or something
so you had the option the complete
option of tracking down like the real
killers uh-huh which should involve shit
like finding information at the right
bar will give you a clue that maybe you
would find something if you went to this
one planet then you went there
completely optional or you could just
ignore that and become a mercenary
businessman who bought and sold mechs a
lotta the original MechWarrior was
fuckin ahead of its time
interesting plotting along on this path
my own pan it's the only path I ever
take my own or not do it any other way I
see a street I say fuck that I'm walking
through the woods are you saying you
walk the road less traveled I'm
traveling I make my own damn road I'm
gonna be less traveled if it's never
been traveled before I'll make no
expense line my own business but I can't
help but feel the general sense of
unease well her and I don't see any
runners around too bad I'm hungry
well I wrote the terrain for miles Yatta
Yatta oh yeah someone spying on me I
guess because that's what the text says
oh look I could shoot a duck wait wait I
could shoot our duck it's two very
different things
there's a swarm of crows flying straight
towards you well duck don't like crow I
only like eating ducks the diet right
hard to find ducks now though my old
ponds full of zombies wait I had a pond
yeah ducks
I built the duck pond so I could eat the
ducks
a little sign in the ponds and three
ducks eat duck supply and I'd eat the
duck the sign was for the Ducks yeah
well I need a sign that says free seed
for free ducks eat it's called bait
t-shape throw myself on the down the
ground say very still hoping that the
crows won't attack me
fortunately they lose interest rather
quickly the dark the crows that he's
toying with me I don't know they've
grown intelligence and decided to be
merciful that makes sense
well in case I'm glad to leave I'm
molested by crows there's the thesaurus
again ever since that incident with
heckle and Jekyll Jekyll I feel like the
crows want their revenge what oh it did
you have an unsavory runnin with heckle
and Jeckle I molested them
I'm covered up studio everyone Ataris
heckle and Jeckle Zimmer you got you got
to eat
yeah yeah rest one of these days - right
here I gotta find a bed come across site
of a large road traffic accident large
numbers wrecked vehicles and tree
falling clogging the road ahead gotta
find some way past it squeeze through
some of the wrecked vehicles climb over
a fallen tree or go round through the
forest it sounds like it's trimmed
squeeze to the wreck feel it sounds like
an extremely dumb idea let's go for it
look who would I like to lead me through
the wreckage we Greg Wilson today you
made the correct choice
all right Gregory Wilson okay I moved
through the cars I bumped into a car -
arm to set off an alarm yeah I got
through without injury an old fuck yeah
whatever I'm fine everything's fine
better sleep you can you can rest even
in a risky zone and then there's a Zomba
meter so like if the growls grow too
high then they come
so you have to kind of like bounce that
with your fatigue which is you know
everything's fine like I said would be
oh my god go to that house have you been
to the city on what city through the
city of fuck - I wonder if I gotta go
here I thought oh it's completely out of
my fucking way you know I don't know
where you're going you're on that one
oh whatever simple things confuse me why
I gotta complicate everything I feel
like you can keep track of my special
brain only likes things that are
extremely confusing convoluted well I
built a Rube Goldberg machine to make my
toast we're grateful the squirrel died
little squirrel on a hamster wheel I
want to put on a hamster wheel it's a
squirrel I had to build a squirrel wheel
they might fit in a hamster wheel you
know those are pretty pre-made you know
it's a hamster wheel only a hamster can
used it it's why they passed the law I
come from North Carolina crazy faggoty
attract my attention just over a rise in
the road I spot a man sitting down when
I move closer but suddenly halt
I realize that past the bump the roads
completely lined but small sharp wooden
stakes I was make any sense
Canty wooden snake hey what kind of bird
grill is this it's a frog I would not
recommend giving them a large tip no not
all here's my tip go fuck yourself get
me a real steak I wanted cow not only at
men's bodies but impelled by the stakes
at several places feet hands
buttocks so
in the buttocks just looking at the pain
of the man's making me cringe trying to
lift the man out put the man out of it
you know what I need a new bump and this
man seems suitably damaged carefully
avoiding sharp stakes and creep over the
man to try my best lift them up fashion
it's not prolonged paint any more
necessary he screams and currently in my
ear during my attempt causing me a
waiver my badge keep steady and leave
field spikes the curse me after putting
them down I were to share amount of
buddies losing there's no way he'll
survive for long maze will just hasten
the man's death a banshee said wherever
ripping up the man's clothes I do my
best for makeshift tourniquets trying to
stem the bleeding
I doubt it's anywhere near enough save
the poor side was employed wasted
anymore yeah yeah whatever do you think
you're pretty good at making turn
acquits I can't improv that nothing came
to mind and it's been too long
I have to move on Tom Wilson breaking
that fourth wall right down I'm thinking
maybe something like like a chef I used
to me some kind of torque shift and I
made Turkic wets I don't know I was
stupid though right I didn't use that
one why do I shoot this zombie
every time you click it research the
finally don't put that okay out rifle
bullet just blowing one burn
I mean take it well I gotta you say I
don't know if you take it it doesn't go
in your thing you can just click on
referable it and it does yeah I needed
this anyway great what hunger fills up
fast I think it feels in full yeah
that's weird
yeah armed soldiers Yatta Yatta move on
well this might be important I'm
actually gonna read this right yes okay
its product with armed soldiers marching
and run towards you my church
okay okay look at that yeah you know
what that was but a world building Italy
or something down the line gonna set up
set you right up I'll come down or
something what what you gotta you gotta
fuck I gotta get I'm looking for a safe
zone older man in his underwear who
looks suspiciously like maze clumsily
walking around the road seems as he has
no idea where it is and I get the
feeling I'm looking into a mirror I may
as well ask myself if I'm lost where I
could ask me where my clothes are where
are my clothes that's someone else's
voice killed him
gotta get to that stupid apartment bully
oh oh shit I forgot to sleep fuckin I'm
doing it now yeah yeah yeah it's fine
Ronald stay away from the Katy Perry's
wait up
zombies oh shit well exactly the kind of
situation I don't want to find a zombie
oh nice
got a watch huh
I got a watch you got a watch very
important to keep time right now very
important you oh I know what it's supper
time you got to eat speaking of supper
time put that out there
instantly alerted by a large volume of
gunfire ahead on the role-playing on a
host to my weapon the small group of
survivors run past you and he had a
large horde bearing down on him oh great
now I got to fight some more zombies or
in a couple oh yeah
that just I played there was a smart
move there
for zombies one ring I can only eat so
much where I gonna where I get too full
of myself no that's not right
oh shit no I'm not there anymore yeah
the zombies come back
oh that makes you leave the area you
were going to give 19 boys this is what
I do that's it I said oh oh you fleet
again well guess what behind me you can
get your hammer and hit him I'm a coward
all right how do you think I live this
long I used to run a wildlife preserve
I'm not prepared for this shit live to
do with wild animals all the time what
do you think I kept trying to make
videos so they would shut up leave me
alone I like that you just have to
pretend that the animals owed you money
last time rattled me money didn't go so
well for you or the animal for me okay
never paid me back Oh
gave me enough money he start up as his
bar he's out of a nice little bar cute
little cute little chipmunk the hottest
hottest the hottest and destination in
New Orleans never paid me back was it I
heard a low charge and get my money back
but then he then he suffocated outside
of the ocean you saw that coming
Sawyer Cohen I could tell just a mile
away just a mile away I saw that coming
Jebus Jebus H Christmas I thought I
thought he was gonna go for a
Chippendales joke - he went oh you went
do a shark thing it was crazy fuck yeah
I want a crowbar your hammer does six
damage from our does five damage hammer
has a 10% attack delay you know maybe
hit faster hit chance - wasn't - five
that's five my it's ten and the same
attack - it that's worse than right
that's definitely worse a chance
modifier negative attacks later I think
about it's worse I don't I think it's
worse than your hammer yes that that
goes against everything I thought would
have been true about a crowbar Hammers
got a nice blonde head
yeah well she think we making hard her
day like score a proper hit crowbar he
just hit up with some part of the
crowbar I suppose but then you know you
know you could be hitting it on a weak
spot it's like a hammer
if you hit with the hammer it's hard
true it's just yes yeah if you had like
you know maybe you get rid of the rope
or the watch and bring it along so you
could sell it but maybe this road
what's the watch yeah you don't need to
watch carry to the watch pick up the
crowbar what's worth more to sell do you
think the large is such an oddball thing
I'm gonna hold on to it okay that's cool
yep
it's just one
you could take that out
Rotter of Rotter
the nice shotgun stop yeah sorry I
didn't I think I thought you were
what happens if you click on the watch
right now no okay I just didn't know if
it like went into a special inventory
that we didn't know about this is the
this is our third run and we found a
crowbar half-life 3 confirmed you are
absolutely correct
no half-life 3 not confirmed there's
never gonna be a third there's never
gonna be one I'm sorry probably know we
just jinxed it in fact they're there
waiting they're waiting for 24 hours to
go by when no one mentions half-life 3
and if no one mentions half-life 3 and
24 straight hours on the Internet
they will release it and they've been
waiting for this long because everyone
mentions it every single day yeah
why didn't I why don't I get rid of the
old revolver well I don't have a new
revolver I don't believe and I've got a
shitload of bullets for the revolver and
my character has the the skill level in
revolvers is expert yes I'm like
shotguns which is just intermediate hmm
yeah hold on to your followers and I'm
pretty like weapons you can sell come
across to men pointing pistols at each
other where is it you thief
my knives drop your gun for I add
another hole your body calm a situation
or do not interfere where shoot both men
and eat their food I wanna shoot both
matter eat their food is unacceptable
what do you think I'm a sucker for
getting more members to the party maybe
I'd get them to help me make my bear
video doesn't you know you need someone
to hold the camera and a microphone so
look look guys that argument got an idea
right well I'm looking for a camera
I need a VHS camera uh-huh he stole my
backpack and he took all my food you
don't stole from my you shot the bank my
kid hadn't eaten in three days so I
won't let murderer get away with it he's
lying he don't even have
kid oh god damn but when all I'm in a
pickle here here's the thing Williams
said that he got shot in the back so
Williams already damaged goods side with
Eric and you won't have someone with a
hole in their back no I'm gonna wait
wait wait who's William shot in the back
that's what he said well I'm gonna shy
but with William so that after we murder
Eric I could easily overpower William oh
okay so I'm gonna side with William all
right word I got a chest say anything
William shoots
Eric in the head good why not have a kid
oh my not happen was this you of his
mind I might not have a kid Lee doesn't
need that food anymore
now get loud I see I was right all right
all right
Gandhi yeah hey that's a shotgun rest of
you again
what's the rules look at them chances
here it's not loaded
oh and you don't have any bullets you
don't have any shotguns oh okay okay
oh do you have a new nice
totally worth him food shotgun shells
umm I need a second shotgun always said
you can't have too many shotguns you
can't have too many condoms or too many
shotguns I wonder why she something
about the condoms hurt my feelings every
time I think she was trying to tell me
something I just I love a game in which
you have to say to yourself do I need a
second shotgun that's great
I mean sell you know you can sell them I
want to do real shotguns I want a beer
I'm gonna be a zombie killing machine I
want a boat like a shotgun
what am I fuckin cannon I want to build
like a thing that's got like a ring of
shotguns and they spin around as it's
like it automatically cocks the shotgun
but Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam but they're all
shotgun blasts that's my weapon
invention that's great so I need to find
let's see six more shotguns I could
probably sell a shotgun for more than I
can sell a rope or or II I mean you have
enough bullets where I mean you never
yeah you don't want to get rid of you're
not getting rid of the revolve of your
hammer is what I'm saying yeah you never
want to get rid of your hammer the rope
sounds like it's something potentially
useful in the future it could be one of
those like blue yeah menu items but you
know we're going the distance here so
you might need to sell stuff to get
credits well I don't know the shotguns
being worth that much more or less
I I would say lose the rope but that's
me don't you tell me what to do with my
rope how else am I gonna auto-erotic li
officiate myself I like a dreamer T
cases you need condoms for the dick
punch gun it's what it is it's it's a
gun with a mechanical arm that just
comes out and goes Moochie this it's a
secret melee weapon they think you're
pointing a gun at them you pull the
trigger
little boxing glove comes out and
punches him right in the dick get in
touch with my people will get moving on
that on the dick punch go I want 12
percent so for set of what the dick
punch gun profits what do you think your
moron plug the punches I don't know what
I was thinking I'll be read all this
shit rarely I got our ex-wife I don't
know I don't remember being married but
I don't remember much about that trip to
Vegas I just know I came home with a
divorce papers and a wildlife preserve
deed so this is the best secure with it
there's a man isn't me man that's right
there's a man here yeah I'm gonna shoot
him okay just shoot him again
on the road again gonna take a nap on
the road again you know what that's true
Tim right now we have some good options
for movies there's Keano
there's Civil War nice guys there's a
lot of good out in the theaters right
now
I can only assume I haven't seen
anything I want to see all of them
sitting in City
yeah you need to you need to sell some
shit
what do we need what do I need most in
life like right now you're kind of good
on everything I could say I would say
some more bullets probably the ones I'm
thinking but also you just need to get
rid of shit like you have you have too
much stuff in your inventory you need to
find a place to sell but yeah bullets if
you can find some bullets you'd be you'd
be good you should be good
ah
Titus Oh feels let's hey guys of all of
the oh you made two of all the unique
indie games you played on stream which
one do you think is most deserving of a
sequel oh shit is more than I thought oh
Jesus
Oh your shotgun
well yeah why the fuck not no this is if
this is the way it is
I auditioned for the role of curling in
the Three Stooges movie I said it was
too dumb
and trying to see if you get hit it all
when you go past them I know if you are
like taking any game no and you can
reload while walking
I'm totally choosing this you're totally
choosing this I mean but I think that's
the correct way to do it
who you might
you can reload while walking I just wish
I could to to do is left
whoa shotgun shells shotgun shells and a
bandage nice
that was Xi's tacular rich thank you
she's tacular or what do I need what is
best in life you know maybe the
apartments we did we did not search
those before that's right we use all of
our remaining pistol ammo to survive the
encounter from scavenging for ammo but
we did get a ton of shotgun shells which
we are about to use right now
weapon Jim OH
Jesus
cheese and crackers
the oh you know you get like a little
stunt bonus
4% jammed potential jams on the first
use yep that's ex-con baby
Oh some food rations a boycott you're
the space for it so I'm not well there
you go
there go all of our bullets most of our
bullets
shit happens jack shit does happen rich
can you think of an indie game that you
would like to see a sequel to top of my
head but I'm coming in the middle of
shit got riches in the middle shit
well riches in the middle shit it is
time I keep missing these near 50%
chances and it's very annoying
this time it's time to senator plus I
don't understand how by calculating this
shit
maybe you don't understand how their
contract
shovel yeah shovel knight could use a
sequel that would be fun
just a good game shovel Knight I like
that answer
Tim that's a good answer I like shovel
and a lot like a lot of the fun baby
games we played our meets as kind of
like one-trick ponies I'd love to see
more done with that easier daddy game
that was just that was insane fun and I
would just like to see that expanded on
and finish tech start working on it
exactly so it's like I don't want a
sequel to that I just want to see that
finish
you know I could have gone a lot worse
you didn't lose any health you're pretty
fatigued oh oh wait can you use an
estimate if even I don't need to know it
only heals one HP let's set him in a
different I don't shit your pants too
that would be great and yeah it'll ninja
it looks like he like he's getting
pretty good at cheesing now that he's
using his melee weapon though he is
getting fatigued really fast so even
even with cheesing like this like he can
kill all the enemies but he's gonna run
out of energy and eventually Oh
eventually die still
Oh
music cheese and crackers oh I forgot to
stand up at standoff time
I got the stand up message and then I
got a text message as well and I ran
shit
searching for a safe space not gonna
happen
they think I'm kind of fucked cuz you're
in the city you can't find a safe space
while fleeing oh you lost a rifle one
yeah you got to leave the city man
scavenging he took too long
get and shut the front door
okay I will give this a shot hey where
were you
is this game fun I'm I'm starting I'm
starting to understand it I'm starting
to get it
I don't know if it's fun
but bitch he should have rested rich
should have rested absolutely and so the
journey ends Greg is dead
can we change our name autotargeting off
I want our auto targeting one we need
the ability to change your name I don't
know if I'm hip
well you know like sometimes sometimes
games like this where you learn through
failure sometimes it doesn't start off
as fun but you grow to appreciate it FTL
is not necessarily fun at first I mean
you know you're in space they're in
space
spaces to space the fighter for sure
these are the storage space doors when
we're in space the stories we tell when
we are in space - space stories
fish
have you caught up on these are there
more they're more what was the last one
you read did you read this one no I
didn't read that one
sherry said sorry Shen says here's for
the Phoenix right HD trilogy on the 3ds
eshop hey just sharing love don't forget
to download it soon don't forget don't
forget to download it soon got a hell
that got a head out now see it okay well
yeah thank you sorry I will download
that as soon as I get home thank you we
will we should play some Phoenix right I
feel like that's like just one of those
games that everyone needs to play I'm
fine with that
okay I've no I don't really know much
about it at all so you're you're a
lawyer and you need to like through like
looking at evidence and and conversation
branches have to figure out if people
lied or not
so any of the chat saying what if you
get to see the whole map and ft all at
once by the way this isn't the whole map
this is one of three right
Oh Oh a little little glitch little
glitch
okay
okay okay great yeah see look he at like
here's the map which is yes giant
compared to FTL like seeing the whole ft
on that but this is one of three this is
crazy
this is absolutely on the same take a
long way I like I like I like exploring
these little these uh these these little
pass I'm gonna stay away from the city
because that's where Richard died I stay
away from the city as much as we can
just walking in the forest
there's bushcrafter the chance talking
about a scary game SCP game and
somewhere in the dark warehouse scary
that was a new doom game she'd go for
that toner an atmosphere somehow no doom
isn't about being afraid
dooms about having a shotgun and
shooting demons in the face dude wasn't
about being afraid
doom was about heavy fucking metal they
ripped off Metallica for the soundtrack
for a reason goddammit spend your
credits and OH
dude was about being the the lone Space
Marine and the scary demon infested base
and saying fuck that I'm gonna kick all
your asses and care of your demons fuck
you Satan
that's doom fuck you Satan this doom is
exactly about fuck you say that's the
plot of doom yeah fuck you Satan i'ma
shoot you in the face I could be down
with that
Jack why the fuck did you buy a Kindle I
didn't buy a Kindle I sold a candle
I sold a candle and bought a ring and a
key
I got a candle from a dead guy I sold
that candle and I got a key in a ring
when Don says bitch she brought Hellfire
to a gunfight he gets that's doomed
that's why I do ms kind of boring Oh God
you probably like quantum break too
have you ever played Ratchet and Clank
no because that kind of came out around
the time I was done with that style of
platformer or at least the style of
platformer that game looked like it was
tried to be there's a movie coming up
yep a Ratchet and Clank movie yep
you know what I always liked the idea
like oh you like you you know you're a
guy and you have a little robot friend I
thought that was a neat idea I've also
never played a Ratchet and Clank game
because I think I was too old fatigue
can I rest here
yeah that's rest I just killed a bunch
of zombies it'll be fine turtle DeWine
says I'm sorry guys what was the name of
that Detective game Phoenix something
Phoenix Wright Ace Attorney and you play
an attorney I don't know if it's a
detective game
but maybe there is giving the only thing
I know about Phoenix right is object
shouldn't exactly that's all I know
about it it's all I need to know that's
all you need to know Ridge i did see
that i did see i see i see what you're
posting tired and sad of the flash movie
the flash movie lost its director due to
stress from warner brothers
warner brothers has agreed to give ben
affleck complete fucking creative
control of the DC universe of his batman
movie oh yeah but you know but they've
no they are notorious meddlers but the
owed Affleck wants to make a movie fine
make people seem to like the Batman yeah
flat flash is losing his director there
reshooting Suicide Squad there
reshooting Wonder Woman stuff they're so
fucked
they are so fucked I don't have any
immediate plans to play the Mad Max game
on stream again not not to say I will
never play the game again but I don't
know as much value and streaming it at
this point
uh-huh did it get old for you I mean
we've we've had to move on it's not the
most innovative game ever and Leafs
traded a couple times two or three times
yeah
there's probably more exciting things
the street yeah I like you know I like
new stuff come on get on with the hammer
shucking chef and a rest
they added to suicide squad not
reshooting how do you know why would you
trust their PR department that some
reshoots they've they've added like
their they have they're digging around
with it how they have a shot material
that they did not intend to originally
shoot after the reactions of Batman
versus Superman do you guys not care
about Game of Thrones spoilers well
don't do it because I'm assuming a lot
of people in the chat do but me
personally no I don't give a damn it's
it sounds like a depressing show where
everybody you care about dies constantly
chaos but the Mad Max game based on our
recommendations I'm glad you're happy
with it I'm not saying it's a terrible
game I'm just saying isn't that much
value when screaming it but it's it's
it's not a fresh game anymore and we've
already streamed it a few times
unless that we're trying to do something
exciting like an O death run no I don't
know that'd probably be a bit long for
an O death
Billu
wait
try the cheese it strategy seemed to
work for you
the riddle of Steel says how much I
gotta bribed you to play more Oregon
Trail or Phoenix right or sunless sea or
any roguelike instead there's only so
many Conan tangents I can pay for we
will definitely play we have both said
we really want to play Phoenix right now
tonight because we don't have it with us
but uh is the what's going on are you
guys condemning this game I don't know
if they like this game um I'm kind of
getting into it now that I'm
understanding how to play I think I've
had my fill
okay well what wait till I'm done with
this run and then then we can move on we
can we'll play another game tonight I
don't have to you want to you want to
keep playing this - you're blue in the
face jack I don't give a shit
people some people in the chatter saying
I like it so like anything some people
like it some people don't
of course thank you say I need to
pronounce this right z AO dai sow die
za o sow by the right za oh yeah da why
Dai Saudi Saudi thank you you know what
it is so Dave news out day get up out of
that Dane I'm just gonna say sound Ames
out there that's wrong I apologize it
says hey guys love the love the cut on a
way to that oh my god I look wait til
it's over
hey guys love the content you put out
use this money to get a decent steak
dinner sometime
you don't like steak for some reason
then use it to recruit more pimps and
pushers I guess we will do that Saturday
oh speaking of actually how is the oh my
god volume yes this this oh my god we
did not do the OBS mixer I finally
remembered we did not do the Genki way
we did I finally remembered to
reconfigure the original oh my god
volume let us know if it's okay if it's
an OK volume and if we can keep it or if
we need to move on
volume is good the real van says oh I'm
just brain-dead okay it's perfect okay
good good I'm gonna take it's perfect
the real van says rich if you are
uninterested in Game of Thrones because
of unsympathetic characters why do you
like zombie games zombie movies slash
games what all they have are
unsympathetic characters and I'm not
dissing zombies as a fair point I mean I
figure what they say myself it's more
important to have an interesting
character then a an interesting
protagonist than a likeable protagonist
you know I mean nothing wrong with
having a likeable interesting
protagonist but like like house house is
a prick yeah and house is very enjoyable
too
watch it is but you know I think
normally like in zombie movies there is
like the protagonist themselves might
not be interesting but they're in an
interesting situation mm-hmm and you
know like the the love the moral
dilemmas yeah that that come across in
zombie type situations that I just don't
I just I I just don't care about the
world of Game of Thrones and I'm very
sorry I don't I don't have HBO I don't
really feel like getting it for one show
that I don't know that much about other
people say are good but doesn't mean
anything to me and whenever I hear about
Game of Thrones it's people are upset
because the character they like has been
murdered and that seems like a
frustrating experience more than a
pleasurable one but what do I know
