Episode 566
Wrighting Wrongs (Pheonix Wright Part 1)
June 25, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w6NXmXsrt4Q
___________________________________________

what it's quite possible that we are
streaming at this exact moment but
there's no way to know for sure oh my
fucking god
I'll see that's true that's true
it says one moment please something has
started Oh something something has
started
that says that says Ace Attorney do me a
favor tell me when you click on the new
game button I want to see what the delay
is okay ready I'm over here I'll hit the
arrow button now one one thousand two
one thousand yeah now the stream is
loading so this is all useless I had a
little spinny thing come up well great
let's go great everything's great I
don't think I don't think anyone would
quite believe the absolute disaster of
cables I have right now yep to both
listen to you on skype and stream from a
3ds is a little insane and I've done
this before and I just don't remember
how I did it last time tell me tell me
when it's loaded when which is loading
oh yeah I'm back okay okay ready I'm
gonna click the arrow button and now
three one thousand four one thousand
five one thousand six one thousand seven
one thousand eight one thousand nine one
thousand ten one time there we go oh wow
yeah okay well that's fine that's fine
this is this is what's going on today
hopefully all the levels are good
everything is good for everyone because
oh yeah we have we have no webcam
because we're skyping and we're in two
different locations we also do not have
the tip notifications because of several
things but we can still see your tips
actually I'm just gonna read some tips
from the older or stream ok grace
read some tips rich space cadaver says
hijack when rich kids back could you ask
him to describe his wiping technique it
will help us all bond together and
become closer like with your butt yeah
no oh wait this that's from that's from
earlier that's from way I'm looking for
I'm looking for straight to the fourth
here here we go here we go here's the
first one from the fourth this is turtle
the wise rich just cut back to the
jungle book sure they sure they just
showed CGI in my face for two hours but
damn did it looked fucking grand
sandy decent flicks recently be well sir
well I I did just watch Captain America
to the Winter Soldier for the first time
hmm and that's that's a really great
flick I'm so glad you finally got to see
that it really is a good one I would
compare and contrast it to civil war but
jackie has not seen Civil War and he
doesn't want any any kind of information
about the civil wars
I want no information about the civil
wars I have AI obviously plan on seeing
it but I have not had a chance to see it
yet so rich Reed Stardust said are you
guys ever gonna beat under till you just
got to the got the last hour and quit
because you thought you'd have to fight
a score again we beat the the main game
I know there's supposedly some after I
have almost zero interest in playing
anymore undertale it was a really cute
experience but I'm kind of done with it
rich what do you think I don't give a
shit what were they basically jack is
the one you jack is the one you have to
convince I don't you know I mean I feel
like I've got it in boss I got an ending
yep I know people say some different
things this is like there's a slightly
different ending if I play the last part
again
whatever yeah
Anonymous is Richard what age did you
know you wanted to grow up to be a total
failure well just kind of happens you
know you don't really plan for that it
just kind of happens mm-hmm and fuck you
bitter prick well there you go
binary too said Maxim oh no death run
again I was excited when you made it so
far last time uh probably at some point
I can't say exactly one but yeah I'd
love to take another whack at that oh
great and last one from the other day
says chance was from today seems from
the sixth Anonymous's you guys get to do
a Civil War stream the review straight
should be a regular thing you still got
ghost busters independent state to Star
Trek beyond rogue one coming we'll
probably talk about it after I see it
but I don't know if we're gonna do
another one of those us just sitting and
talking probably just talk about it
while we play a game yeah and we'll
still make sure we throw up like all the
spoiler warnings but but no no talk of
it today as I have not seen it yet oh
yes and I said too much new key I see
that I was on justice for all
that's the sequel I have to go back to a
suggest ASA tourney which is Freddie I'm
on the correct one now thank you too
much new key but yeah we'll talk about
it after I see it and after a little
time goes by to make sure that anyone
who wants to see it has a chance to do
so a spoiler or free yep okay so I'm
going to do something here I'm gonna
attempt to tell a story while I start
this game you do that and it's gonna be
it's gonna be really rough but but some
crazy stuff has been happening today and
I thought that the first turnabout and I
thought I should share because I think I
started sharing this story earlier
did I bring up a copyright claim that I
was trying to to bring do you remember
this but the son of someone someone took
my video and uploaded it to a different
channel and I started a YouTube
copyright claim
okay I thought was that the the peepee
poo-poo would the peepee poo-poo song
right boo-boo peepee song I feel just
embarrassed just saying that as you
should as you but you know what it's my
video so it's like people can't use it
because it's my video and so a while ago
I got I got wind that a that someone had
taken my video and uploaded it to a
different channel and barely changed
anything to it and so I watched it and
it's true
oh my hit the play button
I wash it it was true all they did was
they put still pictures over it having
to do with some sort of weird ladies
peeing themselves viral campaign or
something I didn't quite understand what
was what was going on and so I didn't
like it and I put a claim on him and a
death it's taken a very long time to get
the claim settled because the pee pee
poo song and there they're embarrassed
to watch it well that was the first
problem is is I got a response back like
a month after I made the claim from a
bond saying that they couldn't find any
similarities and but like literally it
is just my video audio and all with
still pictures over it and so I I
responded to that email saying hey I
need a human to look at this this is
clearly someone taking my video yep
and finally after another month a human
has gotten back to me just this morning
in fact and and said and said yes we
have shut it down everything's taken
care of
which is great news they shut down the
video everything is - everything has
been taken care of with the YouTube
claim which you know is pretty good news
for me then a bit of serendipity came
into my life something incredibly
bizarre I you know I found a bunch of
people on Twitter and one of the persons
I follow on Twitter is a very small
indie game developer and I saw an early
post of their game somewhere yeah so I
started following them today they're
very small like they only have like
13,000 followers you know which is
pretty small
as far as Twitter is concerned yeah and
that person and who and I've never
spoken to this person that person
started saying isn't this weird someone
is emailing me trying to get a strike
taking off their YouTube account
apparently they stole some video
called the peepee poo-poo song so are
they talking to this indie game
developer they sent whoever stole the
video sent an email to the wrong person
okay and that's the serendipity is they
just happened to send it to this indie
game developer who I happen to follow on
Twitter isn't that bizarrely
serendipitous gonna happen every now and
then sure but like it's so strange and
so like that was the first I heard that
whoever I made the claim against is
upset that I made the claim against them
have you considered that you might have
multiple personality disorder and the
person who the person who made that
other video first place is actually you
oh my god rich you might be right and
that would explain why they're both know
this indie game people oh maybe that's
it
if probably you know why I probably take
YouTube so long to clear it uh-huh
cuz other you probably already said it
was okay it was it was other me going no
I'm me and I I made this song so I can i
can use it maybe yes yes maybe that's it
rich you figured it out no no no you
just need years of psychotherapy and the
problems completely solved thank you
perfectly selves but but so then I find
out that the person who I made this
claim against the person who stole my
video wants me to remove the claim
because they got a strike on their
YouTube account and if you get a strike
on your YouTube account it does some
really bad things like you can't
monetize certain videos you can't use
custom thumbnails you can't upload
videos longer than 15 minutes like it it
puts some harsh restrictions on you yeah
as you know that's the punishment right
before stealing
I'm not really not actually stealing but
well
oh sure well and you know what I don't
think the system's good no no the
system's the system's not perfect but
here's the thing this was a case where
there was no fair use involved yeah you
know like he wasn't commenting on my
video he wasn't like remix sing or
changing it in any way it was just using
my video as the base for this weird
lady's peeing themselves campaign right
and like I looked into that like I was
like okay maybe he's trying to know but
he just used my song and then if you
read the email that he wrote to the
indie developer addressed to Jack but
sent to the indie game developer he all
he said was I didn't think it would be a
big deal if I used song and I thought
that you being a busy person would never
respond to me and so I just did it which
is no excuse because I'm pretty great
responding to everyone right but so like
he didn't even attempt to contact me to
get permission or anything so then he
spends the the person who stole the
video spends most of the morning trying
to get a hold of me on Twitter and you
know I wasn't checking Twitter all that
often hopefully I don't have to read all
of this by the way because we're gonna
imagine you probably do I am NOT
Yeah right well CNCs 1701 I I didn't
know what the campaign was either I just
saw a little bit of a video and and it
was I didn't quite understand what was
happening but in any case there is no
transforming by the way had a saying you
really need to read this stuff yeah the
entire game is about reading Oh No well
that's gonna take away a lot of our
storytellers well you know what once I'm
done with this story finish this story
I'll finish this story and then we'll
get we'll get on with it so here we have
so some basically this guy is asking me
to remove my claim and he promises that
he will delete the video and he's really
sorry but he's asking me to remove my
claim yeah and I haven't decided whether
or not I'm gonna do it yet is the thing
the video you know didn't make any sense
to me he did steal my stuff right yeah
and this is how the system is supposed
to work he's supposed to be punished I
know the context of this was part of
what's bothering you because it involves
like posting pictures of ladies who have
peed themselves mm-hmm everywhere
something else would you be more lenient
um I think so I think that I think the
content of it is a little bit that has
to do with it because I think it was
like I think the campaign was tricking
ladies into taking pictures of
themselves after peeing their pants yeah
I believe that was the context right oh
and twitchplayspokemon no I don't
believe he gave the original video
credit in his video either right and so
and then he made this like awful video
about it about like tricking ladies yeah
it was it was weird right
and part of the context is why I don't
necessarily want to remove the strike
but like I also don't want to be a
dickhead about it right yeah well then
use your judgement if you think he's a
dickhead watch watch some of his other
videos no see if he's a dickhead he's
probably a dickhead
okay that's your that's your verdict is
if he's a dickhead
yeah I'm okay with being a dick to
people who are jerks okay I'm just
remember I'm mr. fuck that shit pirate I
know I know
you dickhead okay great you know what
I'm glad it sounds like rich is on my
side here most of the chat is on my side
here alright then I will keep the claim
is what is what everyone is saying
great okay let's see here the person
responsible for your girlfriend's death
no the newspapers say it was you hmm
my name is Phoenix Wright here's the
story
my first case is a fairly simple one a
young woman killed in her apartment the
guy they arrested was the unlucky SAP
dating her sounds like he wants to do
the Monster Mash Oh my office is very
echoey Larry Butz my best friend since
grade school
ah school had a saying when something
smells it's usually the butts oh let's
see here in the 23 years I've known him
it's usually been true he has a knack
for getting himself in trouble
one thing I can say though it's usually
not his fault he just has terrible luck
we see what we are not getting tip
notifications but we will see your tip
I'm going to stop every now and then to
read them yes captain nitpick I didn't
wasn't really thinking about reading
text I've never played a Phoenix Wright
game not until someone gave us a tip to
buy it and I bought it and now we're
gonna play it I just wanted to tell my
one YouTube story and now I can actually
pay attention to the game okay let's see
here but I know better than anyone that
he's a good guy at heart and that I owe
him one which is why I took the case to
clear his name and that's just what I'm
going to do the whole game is really
thick that's fine I like that I'm
summoning the text duh it's a I mean I
can see like the maybe like a 50 30 s
radio play horror like here we are in
the lonesome desert I think I'm going
for more of a guy manly voice and it's
not coming across very well you just do
do what you're comfortable with do what
you're comfortable with Jack Jack the
text delay is insanely horrible can you
try to fix it
oh we I I thought I did fix it
apparently not so what I have to do here
in order to make this run properly
yeah so that everyone knows is I am
running the 3ds through the
visualization program on my laptop and
then my laptop is running an HDMI out
through the Elgato
which OBS is reading and so I did some
tests earlier to
make sure that our voices would be in
sync with the elgato and apparently they
are not okay so well I what do you want
to about that I'm very sorry I'm very
sorry there's anything you could do
without restarting the stream probably
not and and I tried to get the game up
and running on the computer that I'm
streaming on her for some reason the
visualization software wasn't working
yep so guess what this is what we're
doing I'm sorry if it's not in sync for
you this is gonna be fine okay I'm in
the courtroom now rich oh my god that
sounds that's great Court is now in
session for the trial of mr. Lehri but
the prosecution is ready your honor
the defense is already your honor
ahem mr. right this is your first trial
is it not yes yes your honor I uh I'm a
little nervous
you're calm doctor during this trial
will decide the fate of your client
murder is a serious charge for your
client shake I hope you can control your
nerves just turning in to Picard for a
while thank you guys and then I went a
little Sean Connery the Connery
but it's pecan REE that's exactly what
it is Sean Luke pecan or a judge Sean
Luke pecan reigns to be to be clear
that's the flank thank you your honor
mr. right given the circumstances I
think we should have a test to ascertain
your readiness yes your honor
gulp hands shaking
I say trading
the test will consist of a few simple
questions answer them correctly and
concisely please state the name of the
defendant in this case okay the
defendant is Larry Butz I know that the
defendant well that's Larry Butz your
honor
correct just keep your wits about you
and you'll do fine next question this is
a murder trial tell me what's the
victim's name who I know this one
glad I've read the case report cover to
cover so many times it's wait oh this
game is just quizzes huh it's kind of
like quizzes weird Oh apparently oh you
don't even know the victim's name of
course I know the victims names uh I uh
I just forgot temporarily this can't be
good for replayability
no no I know I can't imagine you can
replay it I mean there are several
episodes though you know this isn't the
game okay okay that's good
I'm glad that's not okay I can check the
court oh okay so Cindy Cindy is uh okay
I don't know great oh who would a Cindy
stone is the victim rich oh my god right
this is so this is just the thing to
make sure you understand that you have
to read things yes okay there are some
tips you were gonna read is that what
you write yeah yeah okay Prince bite or
elevenses hello rich Jack enjoying this
Limerick I've written I'm watching the
fellas on twitch and finding myself
rooting for rich I'm shaving my sack
Christmas morning with Jack Mike may I
please be your bitch
okay okay that's it that a bad limber
that's a fine Limerick MC Lucas's thanks
to the Friday stream looking forward to
rich being put on trial for internet
piracy
Jack I never said I did hmm you've said
that many many times I've also said that
I have paid for the games well you know
I think there there is a more nuanced
discussion to be had there where it's
like of course the reason we we got
something like Steam a digital
distribution service is because so many
people were pirating and if they weren't
pirating we wouldn't have had a solution
to the problem and so there is a more
nuanced discussion to be had I thought
it was a funny video no matter what yeah
that's the important part then last one
Sea Wolf 85 says rich how much to have
you leave a Don Wilson style happy 30th
birthday on my buddy's phone wait what
do you want me to say what's what's your
buddy's name sea wolf 85 that's the
important question and like do you want
it do you want it now rich we're at
while rich is on skype or or do you want
it like done like professionally
recorded off stream you know like you
got to give us some particulars about
the whole situation actually hit refresh
few more we're just gonna ball okay sure
count the pieces love the reviews guys
thanks what's your thoughts on the new
battlefield game revealed today
battlefield is a multiplayer online
first-person shooter I don't really play
those so I I'm afraid I can't give you
any great thoughts jack battlefield new
battlefield revealed today any thoughts
battlefield one which is supposed to
take place during world war one has so
far like just the the stuff they've
released is
I'm pretty stylized so it could look fun
but I've never I've never cared for the
battlefield games the battlefield is
kind of lumped and this is gonna be
heresy and I know everyone's gonna agree
with this but I kind of lump them into
the call of duty realm I know they're a
different thing but I still lump them
together some of the concept art looked
really cool the riddle of Steel says jag
you're a national treasure and this is
coming from someone in the nation's
capital your voices are all absolutely
spot-on for the characters how'd you get
so cool with years years of being cool
and then not being cool and never being
cool and it really it's years of never
being cool and pretending that I was
cool I had no idea was opposite date I
regret it hey guys thanks for reading my
tip check out this awesome character
theme from a videogame I've recommended
a while back then he's got a new tab
link okay and last one solo neo says
gentlemen I have a proposal here's 15
bucks to try a friend's game called
cipher it's a cyberpunk text adventure
that I think you and Jay will like care
bore brothers dot oh sorry capybara
brothers my brain wanted to see like a
Care Bear in there for some reason KEB
KEB Brera brothers dot-com / cipher dad
HD yada yada take care and lol fmz okay
okay yeah someone else got a hold of us
recently
a fan who who made a game that looks
really fun I don't know anything about
it but they did make characters of us
and put them into the game so there's
little pixel characters of you and me in
this game if I can remember what it's uh
I don't need to remember what it's
called I have an email and yo says yay
new subscriber yeah and that's
everything he just made a game called a
30-30 death war Redux which is on Steam
early access right now and he's gonna I
sent it he wanted to know if we wanted a
copy of it I said sure you know there's
no guarantee but that we'll play it but
I will take all the copies of all the
games it's a statue added to court
record great right be sure to pay
attention to any evidence added during
the trial that's Mia she looks like
she's all business even though she's
showing way too much cleavage to be in a
courtroom that evidence is the only
ammunition you have in court touch the
court record button to check the court
record frequently
oh thank you fearful slug boy I know we
would have liked the last of us so much
more if you only would have played it
down hard mode all right that's
according to the comment section I know
you know you can only it needs to be
played on hard we should have been
playing in a dark room we should have
rolled and removed our skeleton we need
to like all of the right games I think
that's what they'd be we need to like
the right game it's quantum break it's
just not gonna happen well they're
talking about last of us cuz I just the
last of us because I I haven't liked
Naughty Dog's games I just don't right
we gotta go one one of these days we got
to go back to crash a bandicoot and just
see where it all went wrong I was
playing less about some things this is
just kind of obnoxious and not
especially funs yeah that's really nice
tan turd and don't mm-hmm and I don't
really give a shit about that story
they're trying to dull the game portion
of the game right and the time okay
that's a year mr. Payne the prosecution
may call its first witness the
prosecution calls the defendant mister
but still the static oh oh I know this
is Phoenix Ansari sometimes they show
the character who's talking and
sometimes Phoenix is talking but looking
at another character and it's really
tough when you're doing voices
oh um chief what do I do now
pay attention you don't want to miss any
information that might help your clients
case you'll get your chance to respond
to the prosecution later so be ready
let's just hope he doesn't say anything
unfortunate oh yeah and we are streaming
this because I forget the exact amount
of time I waited but I think it took
about six months for someone to solder a
video caption
unit onto a 3ds and so that's how I am
streaming this and and speedy service
that's it
I'm maybe even eight like it was six to
eight months waiting for this 3ds but
it's been great it looks fantastic
everything's great
I actually have a 3ds now for something
we're working on mmm-hmm I don't want to
learn how to solder maybe maybe lady I
should look into doing this on my own
you can you from the site you can just
buy the kit and do myself right right I
would like to I would like to learn how
to solder obviously I would starting
right on this maybe I could find some
kind of just like practice solder board
you know what I think that's a skill
yeah I think that's a skill that that
you should have but yeah I could live
stream me soldering a capture card into
the 3ds obviously you're gonna have a
lot of practice on other things first a
little bit a lot other things that's
fine no it's fine sure sure hold on I
gotta get back into character
uh mr. Lutz is it not true that the
victim had recently dumped you what's
what kind of voice should Butz have I I
saw someone in the chat earlier say they
wanted an Australian accent and I don't
know if I can do that but I watch it
buddy we were great together
we were Brown Bo and Juliet Cleopatra
and Mark Antony it's more British but I
think it's Australian um didn't they all
die I wasn't dumped Shay Jess wasn't
taking my phone calls
or seeing me ever mad adjure adieu
the didgeridoo but did you redo that's
how all Australians and they're in there
and they sentences the did you redo
what's it to you anyway yeah this robots
what you describe is generally what we
mean by dump in fact she had completely
abandoned you and was seeing other men
she had just returned from the overseas
of one of them the day before the murder
what are you main one of them lies all
of them lies I don't believe that word
of it they're saying you sound cockney
Australians our were British prisoners
so cockney is a good place to start
right I'm trying to you know like the
last Australian I heard was this guy
doing a terrible Australian accent on
agents of shield and so that's what I'm
going off cuz that's what's freshest in
my head so you know I'm just trying to
remember like every who's Wolverine
what's Wolverines name
Logan no like what's his that what's the
actor's name Oh like Hugh Jackman is
Australian and I'm just trying to hear
him in interviews and I can't quite do
it so your honour here's the victims
passport according to this she was in
Paris until the day before she died
Passport headed to the court record hmm
indeed she appears to have returned the
day before the murder the victim was a
model but did not have a large income it
appears she had several quote-unquote
sugar daddies she likes she liked she
liked the older men not necessarily for
their looks but more for their money
daddies I've lost Australian completely
I have to find a better voice for this
guy he just looks like a schmuck though
so maybe that'll just be my
boys hmm okay
yes older man who gave her money and
gifts she took their money and use it to
support her lifestyle
dude we can clearly see what kind of
woman this miss snow stone was tell me
mr. BOTS what do you think of her now
right I don't think you want him to
answer that question yeah Larry has a
way of running his mouth and all the
wrong directions should I should I wait
and see what happens
or should I stop him from answering rich
we should probably stop him from
answering okay because if he runs his
mouth off he's gonna seem guilty I
haven't been paying as much attention to
the game portion of this as I probably
should know that's okay I'm so like
scanning chat for this or that do it and
yes yes I have seen Rick and Morty it's
good good great I'm gonna stop him from
answering my client had no idea the
victim was seeing other men that
question is irrelevant to this case
Flint
oh yes oh I think we did a good job dude
Nick what do you mean irrelevant that
cheatin she-dog I'm gonna die I'm just
gonna drop dead yeah when I meet her in
the afterlife I'm gonna get to the
bottom of this Oh butts well I should
continue with the trial shall we
so wait did we win that one or do I
don't I know this is like the tutorial
button I don't know I don't know
everyone that or every if we didn't win
that let's see here
oh boy this is not looking good
next question you went to the victim's
apartment on the day of the murder did
you not well did you or did you not well
maybe I did and maybe I didn't you know
he went oh what do I do
do I have him answer honestly or stop
him from answering what do you think
what what's your reasoning my gut
reaction uh-huh is to have him answer
honestly because you know the truth will
come out eventually right oh you'll be a
terrible lawyer I would be the worst
lawyer no I would say think like a
lawyer
do you believe your client is guilty or
innocent I believe text that I read
before I believe he's innocent okay but
but also do you think the truth will set
him free or do you think he'll he'll say
something stupid he was saying something
stupid earlier after I tried to stop him
from saying something stupid well when
you think like a lawyer but if I stop
him from answering doesn't that make him
look guilty right I am on the side of
stop okay but no you're probably right
stop him from answering I'll send him a
signal lie like a dog uh well see it's
like this I don't remember you don't
remember well we just have to remind you
know I've got a bad feeling about this
we have a witness that could prove he
did go to the victims apartment that day
first of all aren't I supposed to have
all this information before a case isn't
that what lawyers do just saying you're
overthinking it jack
I mean oh of course I am because I'm
thinking like a lawyer okay maybe stop
thinking like a lawyer okay well that
simplifies matters who is the witness
then who found the victim's body just
before making the gruesome discovery he
saw the defendant fleeing the scene of
the crime
oh we have a witness order order in the
court
Mishka Payne the prosecution may call
each witness yes your honor
no this is bad now the day of the murder
by witness was selling newspapers add
the victims building please bring mr.
Frank saw whit to understand I hope I
have pronouncing that correctly so it
okay mr. Samet you sell newspapers
subscriptions is is correct I you know
you see you see the sky rich and you you
want to go stereotype you want to go
stereotype Asian man and I don't think
that's the right call you know what I'm
saying but the guy with the the pink
suit who's kind of like swishing back
and forth yeah you're you're thinking of
going stereotypical Asian don't you
think doesn't he look like a
stereotypical like doesn't he look like
a cartoon Asian man pink suit and
swishing around and you're thinking
stereotypical Asian yeah see that's what
I'm thinking proper stereotype in this
situation I was thinking Shoji Tabuchi
is what I'm thinking that's exactly what
I'm thinking
I mean yes he also I I don't
maybe it's supposed to be red and not
pink you know Mei over here here's what
I'll do I'll do George Takei how about
that because then it's Asian and does
that work for your rich oh yes
newspapers yes okay with the gate
knocked up to like 11 okay I'll bow it
down a little bit you may proceed with
your testimony please tell the court
what you saw on the day of your murder
witness testimony I was Jewish too came
I was going door-to-door selling
subscriptions when I saw a man fleeing
an apartment this is a bad George Takei
I lost it as soon as I lost my Oh a
little bit I thought he must be in a
hurry because he left the door half open
I'm thinking it was arranged this is
just the voice of going I looked inside
the apartment then I saw her lying there
the woman not moving dead oh my i
grilled and fried and found myself
unable to go inside I thought to call
the police immediately however the phone
in her apartment wasn't working I went
to a nearby park and found a public
phone I remember the time exactly it was
one o'clock p.m. the man who ran was
without a doubt the defendant sitting
right over there check I am watching
this on a 10 second delay I am actually
I cannot do a voice yes wait 10 seconds
between me saying anything very well and
if this gets too tedious I'll just pop
in another game and then you and I can
wait until the next stream where we're
together and we can do voices if there's
a lot of voices in this I I'm kind of
fun of that I don't chat chat what do
you think how about this rich yeah let's
just get through this case this case and
then and then I was oh I have a link
between worlds which i think is
something I can kind of play and talk at
the same time ok ok let's see here hmm
Larry why didn't you tell the truth I
can't defend you against the testimony
like that incidentally why wasn't the
phone in the victims apartment working
yeah your honor at the time of the
murder there was a blackout in the
building odd phone's supposed to work
during a blackout yes your honor
however it sub cordless phones do not
function normally the phone that mr.
swalot used was one of those Your Honor
I have a record of the blackout for your
nozzle blackout record added took the
course record
great now mr. right yes sir yes your
honor
you may begin with your cross
examination and cross-examination your
honor all right right this is it
- real deal what Oh what am I supposed
to I'm supposed to expose the lives and
the testimony the witness just gave lies
ok ok ok great the chat is in favor of
us doing different day ok great we'll
finish this case yeah and we will do
this a different day with voices and I
will play a different game all the key
it's in the evidence compare the
witness's testimony ok great
yeah I get it ok great I get it damn it
all right here we go
let's see here blackout records
electricity to mrs. Stone's building was
out from noon to 6:00 p.m. on the day of
the crime okay
time of death was between 4:00 and 5:00
cause of death okay so here it is the
according to the autopsy report the time
of death was between 4:00 and 5:00 p.m.
and the witness said that he called at
1:00 p.m. so already we have an
inconsistency rich oh my god
yeah yeah yeah I know calm out jack well
I I'm gonna look at everything here okay
the statue the statue is in the shape of
the thinker it's rather heavy the
passport the victim apparently arrived
home for Paris on 7:30 the day before
the murder okay so then if we take the
autopsy report
and oh I have to point out
contradictions in that okay how do I
point out contradictions
I don't papers please she had to
highlight the two things with the rule
book and whatnot but right I don't know
how the hell that works in Phoenix right
I'm looking okay so this guy
and drag it I'll figure this out I'm not
looking at the chat because I'm gonna
figure this out
okay here it is cross-examine it oh I
just needed to get past that part I was
going Georgia doors selling
subscriptions when his on men fleeing
the department Oh
oh I didn't want to say hold it there I
find it odd that you would take notice
of him uh hey I don't know he just
seemed strange to me that's all like he
was mad and yet frightened at the same
time just like a criminal fleeing the
scene of crime oh I get it okay
I get it I get it in the chair still
sinning saying he's getting an error
when he's with the tips you're sending
tips too quickly I had to cancel a tip
that had a typo it's nothing sent but
I'm still getting the error we didn't we
didn't set up any sort of like time
limit with tips so
okay so so I need to wait until he gets
to I looked inside the apartment then I
saw her lying there a woman not moving
dead however the phone at her apartment
wasn't working I went to a nearby park
in front of public phone I remember the
time exactly was 1:00 p.m. wait
objection this is doing the thing I just
do anything I did it rich I said oh my
objection you found the body at 1:00
p.m.
you're sure yes it was 1:00 p.m. versus
and frankly I find that hard to believe
your statement directly contradicts the
autopsy report the autopsy notes the
time of death at some time after 4:00
p.m. there was nobody to or no body to
find at 1:00 p.m.
how do you explain this three-hour gap
that objection oh oh he objected now too
this is trivial the witness really
forgot the time after his testimony I
find that hard to believe mr. Shaw it
why were you so certain that you found
the body at 1:00 p.m.
well I see that's a really good question
great job right way to put a mouse pad
that's all you have to do point out
contradictions oh that's kind of fun
okay you know what I'm into it
whoa whoa I don't know how it got so
loud there sorry for everyone that
probably busted out a couple eardrums
lies always forget more lies see the
through the one if so falsified I have
been drinking why is the judge
questioning the witness because it's a
crazy Japanese game well supposedly it's
crazy Japanese court system right let
the game is base around so and this
could be how their court system works
I'm reading in the chat the Japanese
court system has a 99% conviction rating
holy moly yeah apparently everything's
stacked in the prosecution's favor well
then please wait I remember now
would you care to give your testimony
again oh okay he's changing his
testimony rich
oh you see when it would have found the
body
I heard the time there was a voice
saying the time of it it was probably
coming from the television oh but it was
three hours off wasn't it
I guess the victim must have been
watching a video of a taped program
that's why I thought it was one veamos
silly mr. Shaw wit that's what everyone
calls me mmmm
terribly sorry about the
misunderstanding I sure you heard a
voice sang the time on a taped program
mr. right you may cross-examine the
witness right you know it's it's you yes
oh I've got this one it's tough to keep
track of the voices rich I need you to
keep track voices where I was what I'm
saying is we're definitely doing this
together yeah yeah so we can more easily
keep track the voices okay I get to
cross-examine again and I get to
objection again cuz
know exactly what this is I just know I
want to be a simple southern country
lawyer yep here it is
so mr. Shaw it says there was a voice
saying the time it was probably coming
from the television but not autopsy The
Blackout records objection
hold it right there the prosecution has
said there was a blackout at the time of
the discovery and this record proves it
whoa we're getting him nervous now rich
he's uh he's on defenses this is a
pretty fun game I get it you couldn't
have heard the television or a video
look good oh yeah well uh the defense
has a point do you have an explanation
for this mr. Schock it I know I have
ended quite puzzling with the ablator
Oh waiter I remember now mr. mr.
showered the court would prefer to hear
an accurate testimony from the very
beginning these consistent Corrections
are harming your credibility that and
you seem rather despot who my promise is
yours is listening the shock of the
shock of finding the body of my here we
go
Desmond testimony and hearing the time
but actually I didn't hear the time I I
saw it there was a table clock in the
apartment wasn't there oh that was that
was definitely it yes the
no weapon the killer used it to hit the
victim that must have been what I saw no
now he's he's just he's on the ropes
sweatin you Shaw a clock I guess that
would explain it
the defense may cross-examine the
witness
gladly oh this is going down this
cross-examination is happening okay so
this actually didn't hear the time I saw
it there was a table clock in the
apartment wasn't there I should press
him on this because he said he didn't
enter the apartment hold it a table
clock was there a clock at the scene
this is the first I've heard of it
oh yeah the readiness and the keys the
murder weapon the killer used it to hit
the victim no that was the statue
objection wait just a moment
the murder weapon wasn't a clock it was
this statue holy fuck
now how is this supposed to be a cock no
what do with your objections and your
and your evidence just who do you think
you are just answer the question mr.
Shaw it Hey let's hope they're okay
that's a clock Your Honor if I may
you're mr. Prairie as the witness stated
this statue is indeed a clock the neck
is a switch you just tilt it and it says
the time out loud as it doesn't look
like a clock I've submitted it as a
statue of my apologies I she
she now show the murder weapon was a
table clock after all hello mr. right it
appears that the witness's testimony was
correct this year's a cock do you have
any problems with this testimony of
course I do
well wait do I have a problem with his
testimony like a bit like how did he
know it was a clock right but do I so do
I have a problem with his test I mean
yeah I had a problem with his testimony
right is that something that happens is
that something that happens later in the
game you know everyone's saying yes yes
god damn it okay yes yes yes your honor
there is a gaping hole in the witness
testimony the only way he could have
known the weapon was a clock is to hold
it in his hand
yet the witness testified that he never
entered the apartment clearly a
contradiction the witness knew it was a
clock because he
because he knew the victim tell me isn't
it true that you knew the victim in fact
you were one of her sugar daddies
be frank with us mr. Shah whit Fred
Frank I'm always frank good Your Honor
we have complete rec rooms records of
the victims relationships mr. Frank
shalwick does not appear anywhere oh
damn it I think I did a bad thing
no I heard I heard bad music so I don't
think he knew the victim Damon don't
give up Jack okay okay please wish to
write his harm the best response trying
to refrain from making off-the-cuff
accusations in the future yes your honor
let me think of this over the witness
knew it was a clock because he went into
the apartment you were inside the
apartment on the day of the murder
oh yeah prove it prove I went in there
I'll do better than that I can prove you
were the one who killed her damn Phoenix
you struck her with a clock and the
shock of the blow triggered the clocks
voice that was the sound you heard order
in the court
intriguing please continue mr. Wright
yes your honor
mr. Shaw at the sound must have left
quite an impression on you
understandable since the murder weapon
spoke just as you hit the victim that
voice was burned into your mind that's
why you were so certain about the time
oh wow what's the meaning of this this
is all baseless conjecture baseless just
look at the witness's face like that to
his face as evidence that way that was
his big thing just look at his face with
the witness care to elaborate did you
strike the victim with the cock yeah
that day that day I never look the
cuckoo clock I heard no I mean I saw a
certain guy he just threw off his wig
shut up shut up you shut up I hate you
it it was him I tell you I saw him he
killed and he should I love a
melodramatic this is rich like it and I
did and I know you can't hear the sound
effects but like every time they cut
there's like a hard swoosh and there's
like big pounding noises when I move
this is brilliant
this is great order order in the court I
say please there isn't a shred of
evidence supporting the defense's claims
mr. fright your honor
you claim to shine the witness heard
came from the clock do you have any
evidence bullshit
the whole case is riding on this I'd
better think it through carefully
Your Honor the sound mr. Shah had heard
was definitely the clock
affect which is clear if you simply
at-rich don't look at the chat a fax
lied sliding my window over all right
what do you need okay
the sound he heard clearly came from the
clock yes a fact which is clear if you
simply examine the clocks batteries ask
the neighbors or try sounding the clock
try sounding the clock yeah well that's
just me but yeah okay the batteries
maybe maybe the batteries have gone dead
since then like what's not gonna tell
you I don't know I could just hurt your
case okay let's sound the clock now here
in this Court
Your Honor may I have the clock I ask
the court to listen very carefully beep
kind of thing you'd want to check out
like well in advance the the clock said
I think it is 8:25 that certainly is a
strange way to announce the time well he
is the thinker after all so we've heard
the clock what are your conclusions mr.
Wright mr. Payne can you tell me what
time it is
now it's 11:25 yeah as you can see this
clock is exactly three hours slow done
done we did it precisely the discrepancy
between mr. Shaw and heard and the
actual time of death
so mr. Shaw would try to talk your way
out of this one you forgot one thing
yeah what's he talking about now oh well
it may seem like the clock is running
three hours slow it proves nothing
how do you know it was running three
hours slow on the day of the murder
if you can't prove that you don't have a
case he's all right
how am I going to prove that damn it I
was so close mr. Wright it seems you
lack the critical evidence supporters
report your claim yes your honor
this means this means I cannot let you
indict indicting the witness
unfortunately oh no you fail we failed
oh this this ends the cross-examination
so what we probably wanted to check the
batteries first
right I'm not sure I don't under I don't
quite understand how we failed here they
come all the way down here to testify
and look what happens you even like a
criminal the criminal your lawyers are
on slime
I almost had him sorry Larry
I failed there's no there's nothing I
can do about it now oh really
oh wait Mia's coming in she says not so
fast mr. shower so much drama yeah Mia I
mean chief listen up right don't throw
this far away dad like this think but
chief it's over I can't prove the clock
was slow the day of the murder nobody
can prove that um well yes but that
doesn't mean you can't still win try
think here say the facts
Mia by the way is constantly on pain
medication that's why she sounds the way
she does that's fine the excruciating
back pain from her from her giant ever
exposed breasts triple D's yes it gives
her constant back pain so she's on
painkillers
don't waste time doubting the facts
sassoon the clock was three hours slow
and think it through ask yourself why
was the clock three hours slow
figure out the reasons and y'all have
your proof these batteries are three
hours slow can you can you think of a
reason why the clock would be so slow
yes
wait maybe I can prove it
you must have evidence somewhere that
can prove it right find a and then let's
hand them the slam heaven whether it's
your right you say the clock was already
running slow on the day of the murder
have you found evidence to support this
claim of course there's a piece of
evidence in the court record that can
prove my claim beyond a doubt the devil
is Zuppa this vellum ad see the evidence
that proves why the clock was running
slow so we have the the autopsy report
listed the statue her passport and the
blackout records
why would a clock be three hours
that's a good--that see I think that's a
fair question why would a clock be three
hours late obviously it was the victims
occupation model different time zone
where was her modeling job she's on the
clock for another city at another time
zone oh my god rich her so her passport
would prove because she was in Paris yep
I'm gonna click it that's too good to be
right there has to be boom take that the
victim had just returned home from
abroad the day before the murder as we
all know the time difference between
here in Paris is 9 hours
wait when it's 4 p.m. here it's 1 a.m.
the next day there the clock wasn't
three hours slow it was 9 hours fast
rich that's brilliant
nice the victim hadn't reset her clock
since returning home that's why the time
you heard when you struck her dead in
her apartment was wrong
proof enough for you mr. Shah it or
should I say mr. did it
Oh sick burn order I che see here well
this case has certainly turned out
differently than we all expected mr.
Payne your witness here he was arrested
and
he has been taken away so he's already
been arrested very well mr. right yes
your honor I have so I have to say I'm
impressed
I didn't think I've ever seen someone
complete a defense show quickly and find
the true culprit at the same time thank
you your honor at this point there is
it's only a formality but this Court
finds the defendant mr. Larry Butz not
guilty and oh and in the in their court
when you win confetti streams down hey
that's great that's got a make of a
prosecutor feel extra bad don't you
think yeah but you feel great when your
defense attorney oh yeah and with that
this Court is adjourned
ooh it turns out that Frank shall wit
was a common burglar he posed as a
newspaper salesman to check and see what
when people were out of their house that
day oh now we're gonna see what really
happened when Larry went to her
apartment the victim wasn't home after
he left mr. Shaw had let himself in to
do his dirty work while he was searching
her place the victim returned flustered
mr. Shaw had grabbed the nearest blunt
object he could find that's gruesome I'm
sure I'll see it 10 seconds you will
there's like blood leaking out of her
head
we did it rich excellent justice is
served
by the way you were you were there for
the cinch like I said all it did all the
dirty work Jackie got us there you know
and like I was thinking time zones but
then it never made sense to me like but
it's only a couple hours ahead and she
was in Paris you you had a you had
average good job in there
congratulations great we did it I'm just
trying to get out of here so we can save
yeah you say I'm gonna read some some
tips you really think I'm gonna read em
rich mortal rot says hey rich I know a
lot of people recommend games you but
that you would genuinely love fort
mission fort mission for LT has tactical
grid-based combat like XCOM but with
giant mechs would you like it ps2 yeah
sure why not
here's here's here's the issue though
I'm swamped with shit I want to play I'm
absolutely swamped right now we got doom
coming out shortly um playing something
on des
the guy enter the gungeon I want to play
that that wreck at air game there's just
a ton of shit on my gaming plate it
might invite sound very interesting I
couldn't make any promises about when I
would get the get to it so you're not
you're not under any obligation to send
it to us sea wolf 85 says my buddy's
name is Scott and he is the best damn
one bounce player of them all
I'm down for stream quality as his
birthday is today also shame on Ted
Rumsfeld for never tipping okay that's
the the birthday message guy his name
was not and he wants us quality so we'll
do that
Oh Oh see yeah if it's birthdays today
that I guess the quality doesn't matter
oh I get in come back to that in a
second let me get these other wants her
space bazooka says hey guys sent you a
box of games and the wire on DVD curious
if you got it yet if not just FYI it's
coming hope you guys are doing well take
care and lol fuck my cock the riddle of
Steel says that got through the riddle a
steel got through how do you measure the
worth of a man by how much he gains or
how much he gave also rich you're cool
too damn that was uh that was a
defensive Jack burn after I burned Jack
earlier so that was oh and I wasn't
paying attention I have to present
something now in efforts I've neither
gained nothing nor do I give I think
that's the implication rich you're cool
- oh sure sure just answer the question
how do you away man by how much he gains
or how much he gave how do you measure a
man's worth I hope it's gained because
I'm pretty fat I've gained a lot you
know in life oh I get it yeah
well I'm trying to by the way just
getting to the menu where you save
that's fine that's fine
is and so I'm just trying to read here
cuz in the middle of all of this
conversation I needed to present mr.
butts with something and I didn't know
what so I took a blind guess at it and
apparently I did it correctly and so and
then the riddle of Steel has another tip
based on Rich's pet pork deduction
Rich's the gumshoe no-nonsense detective
and Jack is the booming voice defense
attorney it's perfect
mm-hmm I'll make the big stink I'll make
the big show in the courtroom but rich
will gather all the evidence and
basically just tell me what to say but
I'll say it loudly alright so this guy's
his buddy wanted a
this page I'm reading the steam tips off
of it only holds so many and I missed
the earlier tip it was just a birthday
was it a general birthday greetings from
damp Don Wilson dad Don I believe it's
or he wanted an answering machine
message from Don Wilson and he gave you
his friend's name some 30th birthday
well wishing you don't have to donate
Seawolf just say something in the chat
what you need what you need Don Wilson
to do who we lookin forward with his
name Sea Wolf was at sea 135 Seawolf 85
then you were gonna get some kind of
zelda thing ready to go yeah I'm still
trying to get to a save menu okay
there's a lot of talking rich yeah lot
of talking
okay we finished our first trial where
is it where's this guy who what's going
on I saw that Oh bother
China banned erotic banana eating
streams I didn't even know that was a
real thing you can you can pause and
press save and end grade that's gonna do
it Sarah Shen just did it okay