Episode 573
DOOMED (Part 4)
July 6, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ttiVVoN5oXQ
___________________________________________

Oh can you fix that thing of course I'll
fix that thing oh that's right what this
doesn't save my bindings wait why aren't
you doing anything
oh I can't use the cursor mine okay
let's see here so if we yeah go go to
search and so I've done that a couple
times where I've handed a client a video
with like a glaring error in it and you
and most of the time there's like that
thing right there fix that thing
something we've had something I've had
to deal with a lot is is people with the
promise of not not paying me now not not
giving me a lot of money now because
this job will lead to future work and I
used to fall for that trick a lot you
know you get started off you'll take any
job they'll say okay well you know like
and you know it's like okay I'll do I'll
make you this video it'll cost you this
amount of money oh my god you know we
don't really have the budget for that
you know but I know that this video is
going to lead to other videos and so you
know can you do it for this much you
know like that Oh like be a good
relationship okay and it never ever
leads some more videos right never
and so then eventually I just started
saying no no thanks it's either this
much or I'm not making the video and
then yeah then they usually pay fine
it's it's so fun but yes I'll get all
that exposure your rights I'll get all
that exposure from this video I'm making
yeah it's it's fine it's all it's all
the same bullshit yeah everyone knows I
I have no I don't know if I have like a
wonderful I'm trying to I'm trying to
think of like a wonderful a wonderfully
bad client story
let's give me in a map here first oh
sure you're right you're okay
you guys who has map codes map codes I
thought I saw one earlier but that might
have been if you have map codes put them
in the chat well type in a play that
will play the chat map
I did it to do okay here it is where am
i searching for this because I've never
done this before
is there a way you can and I want to
publish search newest popular top rated
settings go to search just like keyword
go to so or map ID oh yeah okay let's
see here
I know that a dr X B I hear you capitals
not capitals doesn't matter I don't
think it matters they're all capital
there I'll just do all capital in okay
dr XB k m QC that's it that's it you're
not taking anything it's dinner for
fuck's sake whoa what is it again
dr XB k mq c okay sir cheering oh it
turned it all in lowercase okay no
results were found wait d RX b dr yeah
XB yep okay km km q CQ c no results are
found next oh there was one hey okay
p 3 t 2 3 2 j 2
well there you go all right that one the
manky bus MacGuffin map is this this is
Elder El Dorado El Dorado Owens okay
I don't be the same name this is El
Dorado Owens yes so Bobby I'm only
interested in solo right well it doesn't
matter I guess we could get multi um
start game which I want to change my
fucking bindings oh oh let's just won't
let me for multiplayer maybe I don't
know I guess the moral stories higher
say sorry I don't have any good client
stories to share with you but the moral
the stories just try to find try to find
something fun about it remember the
paycheck and try to do something new in
each one so I use it I used to try to
just try a new technique to learn
something new with each job and that way
it keeps it interesting for you are rich
and Jack fans of the rapper Eminem you
know he's a fine rapper his first album
yeah cuz Mike Mike like the Eminem back
in the day the Marshall Mathers LP
whatever it was called on I give a shit
very funny where's Slim Shady very young
yeah I'm just Lim Shady yeah Slim Shady
very funny stuff yeah I thought of some
fun rap parody and then when he started
taking himself seriously extremely
boring does nothing for me but he was
never a parody slim Shady's parody no no
slim charity Slim Shady is not to be
taken seriously is what I made it's not
to be taken serious
is humorous it's not there's Hugh it's
nice but it's not parody it doesn't take
itself over seriously correct yes and I
enjoyed that
okay sure when he wasn't that I lost
interest
instantly he's a very talented rap I
don't care I don't I don't like rap yeah
they go to Slim Shady some shinies
commentary not parody what whatever
whatever yeah it's it's it's a it's a
character it's a whole thing keybindings
it is weird that you have to redo this
for them for being online yep stand up
everybody who has not stood up my stand
up timer went off it's time to stand up
we have that bounty oh yeah that's big
enough alright there we go alright so
now we're in it the man Cuba's MacGuffin
the men Cubist's MacGuffin
let's see here
or when Rich was typing the first code
it didn't register the M key both oh
that's that's how I got around the tab
problem I have my my mouse button here
yeah
M is bone to this Mouse and I wanted to
the tab the the menu button on my mouse
I want so that's M the computer thinks
this is the computer thinks the computer
thinks M is tab so what I hit em Peters
trying to tab that we can fix that I
mean okay well do this math okay that's
great I had to use auto hotkeys so the
computer thinks my mouse thinks this
button is M and now my computer thinks
Ambus tab that's crazy that's great okay
let's see here anonymous says okay so
tell me about the hash browns hash
browns are legal there right stop it
you're making me hungry for hash browns
anyways that sounds like one wild time
in Europe you had what is that example
great
this is such a fun game where are we
going where do we come in from I have no
idea I have no idea that's fine it's
fine
oh I bet there's going to be a fight
here it looks as if there's going to be
saving your bullets yeah those guys yeah
those guys aren't worth it yeah whoo
there we go
who did can you use any weapon
modifications on these maps I wonder can
you can you program that interesting I
probably probably you can probably like
dry it you know like leave weapons for
players to pick up that have
modifications
yeah
a little fucker
yes
what is this music
oh you spawned in at the wrong place man
fuck could you imagine you know that
you're a low-level low-level demon spawn
like okay
I'm gonna make a difference I'm really
gonna give it to that - I'll fuck Jesus
fuck Christ I'm gonna help kill the guy
yeah I have too many hands I tell you
yes the monsters do fight each other in
this doom every once in a while you'll
just come across the monsters fighting
amongst themselves it's great
who's my favorite rapper is Aesop Rock
I think he's swell but there's lots of
good rappers out there I Kendrick Lamar
I think I think Kendrick Lamar has a
really interesting fluff I like his
stuff did I mess up the vine for
switching weapons good that's quite fun
or it's not letting me pause like I
figured out later Busta Busta
I think lat he's classic swell is the
whitest way to describe your favorite
rapper I I don't know if you've noticed
this about me I'm rather Caucasian hey
stop it stops the way to go I've been
listening to a lot of ASAP rocky lately
and I really dig his stuff not to be
confused with Aesop Rock ASAP Rocky very
different but but I like it can't switch
to the pistol that's weird that is weird
that is weird rich I'm sorry Wow
hearing Jack say I think Kendrick Lamar
has a really interesting flow on the
latest voices everything
I enjoy hip-hop I really do and I know I
am so Caucasian but what I really do
there's there's a there's a real art
behind it
check these great check these classic my
for an hour later when and if I get
another weapon you can only have two
weapons at a time in mp and snap map
that's a really stupid limitation I've
heard about that yeah interesting but
it's a stupid limitation interest
I'm assuming design by different people
probably well there's probably just
memory limitations that the main game
doesn't have right Oh different
different thing
I'll check Tila comes and firearms I yes
both both guns and Firearms multiplayer
was outsourced is what they are said
yeah yeah okay
base spin hey Jack I'm a film student
trying to focus on editing are there any
resources for learning After Effects you
would recommend we don't really touch it
in class which is pretty lame lol fuck
macaque oh god just tons tons of
tutorials out there you know just
YouTube it fine if I find a streamer you
like I I watched a lot of video copilot
stuff Video Copilot stuff early in the
day they had he has some really great
tutorials just on like kind of After
Effects basics if you check if you're on
Twitter check the hashtag mo chat mo
chat it's a group of motion graphic
artists who get together on Twitter once
a week and just kind of talk about After
Effects and 3d programs and what they do
and they're all working professionals so
check that out some great resources
let's see here but get out of jack rich
is getting on it getting on what what oh
the demon yeah got on that demon Oh Indy
moguls baggy anymore girl had some as
some meets tutorials back in the day
why don't I ever tell biscuit stories
what demons are fighting ah look at that
the demons do fight each other I see no
reason to stop them yep you guys go
right Hannah
you're gonna hide in the car dude to see
see who kills dude this is cool don't
get too close
that's some classic Dumas shit
oh come on you just wanted to get
another fight
oh fuck yeah those guys Duke it out jack
image do you think you'll ever go back
and actually watch the Marvel movies
when their universe is over yeah I'm
baby well yeah I know rich isn't as as
big a fan as I am but I free watch them
ivory watched him already
watch the ones I like yeah let's say you
need to rewatch them all just because oh
no of course not I guess I assumed he
meant it's just any of them yeah I like
Marvel films I like them movies they
make them good I have not seen Ken Burns
Captain America Civil War yet the
MacGuffin is yeah you gotta get the
MacGuffin rich you picked up the red
Power Core oh oh that started some rock
music fuck oh yeah oh god didn't get it
soon enough
nope
that's a good question how did you try
adjusting the sights on your garment oh
oh they're everywhere not yep yep yep oh
I like it
the MacGuffin just releases them all
died Oh out fur disney's already in
production to make this spider-man movie
Wow
still Saudis sure artists
we'll see I don't know how I don't know
what the details are of the deal like
how much control who has how much
control Marvel has great people okay
is is the word on the streets this is
just what the streets are saying I don't
care what the streets have to say the
streets frequently wrong but word on the
streets is Marvel has complete creative
control over the project
what loves something more than the
shotgun
especially for those guys Disney Marvel
guys are making it Sony is paying for it
so you know Sony will you know be able
to make some Sony showed a lot of trust
here it seems weird are you kidding
you go you go with the winning horse
rich Marvel has the opportunity
completely sabotage the spider-man
license so that then they can get it
entirely back for free I'm not saying I
think they'd do that but they could did
it good that's an awful lot of trust for
so deep this guy needs to get a way out
I can't imagine they just agreed to that
I think they're gonna be fine with it
they're gonna get it they're gonna get a
piece of the they're gonna get a piece
of the back end Marvel is gonna finally
make their spider-man movie billions of
dollars are gonna be made everyone's
gonna be happy there's sunshine and
Rainbow farts all over the place there
we go
that's more like it
it's going to make them fuck Loza money
yeah oh yeah no Soni it's gonna make
Soni so much money and they don't have
to do any of the work rich this is a
win-win for Sony
what does Jay always say the worst part
of making the movie is actually making
the movie on ibew it's not just Jay
so Sony gets to make a ton of money and
they don't even need to do nothing oh
sorry I've missed some tips here let's
see here uh TGIF to Dirksen's hey guys I
realize that there was a problem with my
map so now it has a new ID thank you
TMG after dark I can I can fix that I
just need to turn off my autohotkey that
makes people think Emma Stone he but he
wanted to take that time to adjust some
things on his map oh hey guys what game
would you say has the best soundtrack
speaking of which have either of you
guys played Fez it's a beautiful Laura's
game about 2d platforming in a 3d
environment best soundtrack is the risk
of rain soundtrack I still say that to
this day fucking love that soundtrack
beautiful and glorious in every single
way
I have played Fez it's a really cool
game that gets old really fast and the
overworld map is fucking unreadable and
later in the game there's a lot of
backtracking involved and I straight-up
got lost and gave up twice started
playing it for the beautiful Oh neat
world spinning 3d in a 2d environment
mechanic and then and then stops playing
at the exact same point because I got
fucking lost unreadable overworld map
I'm not doing super well no you're you
you saw the different guns
the Best Original Soundtrack was the
risk of rain soundtrack it it's so
fucking good rich take FTL soundtrack
over risk of rains
FTL is right up there absolutely FTL is
right up there I died I would agree with
you
look and like is this of all time like
you count any of the Zelda themes that's
a classic shit
Megaman dudududu dude
it's mutant to me part the reason I
without hesitation say risk of rain is
because I listen to that just while
driving almost every day like it just
fucking love it I can't imagine myself
listening to the Mega Man theme just to
just to kind of relax getting me you
know doom is great motherfucker mm let's
see here
anonymous says Jack if I were to meet
biscuit what would be a good way to
befriend him drown him
but what
no biscuit is a friendly cat you can
befriend him by petting him I hate those
things a lot of good video game
soundtrack via the Titan souls that that
Shadow of the Colossus is a little
brother game that has a really good
soundtrack things keep seems like some
things are responding or spawning
differently what's what what is the
objective here you just have to get to
an end point it seems like things spawn
or respawning maybe it may well you have
the Power Core maybe you just need to
run and put the Power Core someplace
maybe your maybe your you're
overthinking it
and might be you might not need to kill
any of these guys where does one bring
the Power Core that's a it's a great
question
yeah FTL fcl I definitely agree has a
great soundtrack Oh
Benton Prunty the guy who did FTL also
did another one what is it called it has
it like a dead bolt no that's that's the
risk of rain game oh the FTL guy sir the
FTL guy did another one that I really
really loved all the mute music
specifically I mean specifically the
gravity ghost soundtrack if you like the
FTL soundtrack look up the gravity ghost
soundtrack I've never played the game
but I just follow been front feet and
it's really good really good soundtrack
the I recently picked up the hyper light
drifter soundtrack and that is a weird
one to have on in the background I'll
tell you what minimalists that's great
kak a demon from behind again again
those fuckers yep those motherfuckers
yeah I have the hotline Miami soundtrack
and it's alright it's a little too um
it's fun like it and it really fits the
game but again I I'm thinking of best
soundtracks in in terms of like stuff
that I just want to listen to outside of
the game so
look stay behind that door
Oh fuckers unbelievable fuckers
Oh
just run right
oh Jesus yeah fuck I'm caught on a think
about they're going the right way dango
dango there you go they go Oh supposed
to do it this thing
I'll try another one do you want try for
good huh do you wanna try this one this
level looks insane
I'm not prepared for this kind of
hysteria it's possible I just suck ten
out of ten says Michael Cody I'm the
review for Fez it's a cool concept like
life is strange where you can
contextually rewind time but goddamn
does it get old fast and it becomes a
torii it it really does such a neat idea
but but yeah it's just it's just too
long wait there's red over there yeah
but there's also I'll see it guys
Wow no no you do you have to kill maybe
like just the immediate area guys who
knows rich have you played ultra
violence or nightmare yet
I only just finished with her be plenty
okay and usually when I replay a game
instead of upping the difficulty I just
try and not die right side no wait check
that door what what door jack
go around the door the red door well he
was read before Sarah I just wanted to
see if you beat the things
yep nope
Jack trigger choice then they wouldn't
be hidden think about that what the real
ban says Jack since you like hip-hop
have you heard the soundtrack to
Hamilton the hip-hop a Broadway musical
based on the life of Alexander Hamilton
it's really really good no no I have not
actually I didn't even know that it was
a hip-hop Broadway musical I know
everyone's talking about Hamilton now
that's the big thing that everyone's
psyche around I didn't even know that's
what it was all right so what what the
hell is the objective here do we have to
kill all the guys or one or do they just
really just keep spawning this this is
good question
what's your other weapon none
oh you don't have another one nope oh
let's see here oh they say key eldorado
oh and says that they keep spawning okay
so it is a fine to find the place to
take the thing and El Dorado also says
you should have more weapons right now
let's let's find out what's going on
settings humor mouse key - switch weapon
neither of these buttons do anything
let me try just watching it - next
weapon sure no you don't have another
weapon don't have another weapon
you say you fucked up someone it's
basically possibly yes you should have
another weapon
remember these are user made levels not
these aren't perfect levels or maybe I'm
just maybe I fucked up and didn't find
the thing jack that's just true
oh no I see some people saying like this
is shitty game design okay I'll do the
next one I need to stretch hand me the
copy trader
yep the kind of controller yes okay yeah
okay rich is gonna rich is gonna go it's
in the first hallway under the stairs oh
all right hold on we're gonna try ing
after darks
oh sure that would be that would be very
helpful okay great see dandy Chuck says
Jack to stand up every single hour of
the day I try I try to stand up at least
once an hour even when I'm sleeping
thanks rich especially when I get into
longer edit sessions it just it just
helps it helps you not feel like garbage
and obviously sometimes I'm watching a
movie or something and I mean I don't
stand up but I try to
if you can't see this is team G after
darks and AZ ll RZ b is what I'm doing
now
what is this
there are 83 of them what is it called
TNG where are you
okay teen G what's it called
I think it might be alphabetically
sorted okay
Rev
all that all that
nope too far
T&G; what's happening what is it called
what's it what's happening which one is
it called someone tell me what it's
called
it's called executive chairs thank you
okay hold on
executive chairs
okay that is thank you okay
all right now I give this a try doo doo
doo doo doo doo it's called executive
check over change the settings
look invert okay
rocket launcher
our combat shotgun I'm just making some
decisions
good old you can only take two
so got caught on my butt rocket launcher
glossed cannon combat shotgun Gauss
cannon and double-barrel shotgun I think
not the rocket launch I'll fuck you up
playing that's true how about that so
you can put more than one weapon in the
game more than two weapons in the game
usually carry - yeah snap they got a
patch that shit that's that's
disappointing
oh oh ok here we go
heywhat I took the wrong one
that's a waste yes but I meant to take
the shotgun can you go back
I missed him rich that's all fine I'm
blowing myself up here I've seen this
before you grab these things then some
shitty happens I'm not falling for your
game
TMG after dark so you just gonna run
around with 19 health that's your plan
no I'm just gonna see if there's any
like enemies I can say well I can always
run away I'll just want to see what's
that man up here know what Drupal I
don't like that either I don't like that
I don't like I don't like you these pads
they give you a quad damage before you
walk in the room maybe should make sure
you got more health yeah before you walk
into the room that's the I also want to
know what's up with those chairs and
that fire all right here we go oh it
seems like you're fine nothing bad
happened I was really expecting
something a little more it's no exam no
faith in your fellow man Jack as well
no it's doom I was expecting some
spectacular shenanigans this is very
different than the main game
it was more like corridor stuff but
isn't bad yeah
all right here we go here we go
all right not bad not bad
oh oh you did not dodge effectively and
I noticed that about me and my dodging
ability all right dragon
well did I lose my Klaus looks like you
did
oh shit maybe it's by your corpse Oh
that'll be fun
oh I probably lost the four times
powerup didn't I
you definitely didn't oh but not all the
enemies are there sighs man here you
tubby fuck
and shine in the face with a rocket
tubby fuck boom
sorry ok oh I haven't been paying
attention
why the fuck not woo oh when you moved
the mouse when you're moving stuff
around oh sorry it's all sudden doom guy
I was like hey what's over here
oh great grace we're caught up there
that's good shit
fuck you
check you should get good I did look I
rich what did you think of the boss
battles honestly terrible but that's
nearly every shooter ever made except
for vanquish which has amazing boss
battles but not not doom yeah I didn't
like any of them you know there's only
three you can bet there's a great arena
battle right before any other boss huh
right yeah it's like you know the arena
battles we're all like really great and
then the boss battles like it's just
okay it wasn't the same kind of
spectacular that yeah that the arena
battles were
shit
fuck all y'all
there better be a secret down here
there's a little all right no no secret
put a little hallway like that it should
be a sooner maybe the dark huh
Jack rich fucking love you guys meting
off the knife but you guys say wake up
Vicky for me real quickly wait yeah
Vicky Vicky
what's wrong with your leg up you can't
dump Duke that things are Oh
wasn't Bank was a third-person shooter
yes yes it was but I think shooters in
general third or fourth third third or
first I don't care what what perspective
you're in that's a pretty bad boss
paddles overall
I ran out of good guns rich
I'm sorry Jan well your fuck now
apparently you can only pick up the guns
once that's bad per run yes that is bad
Ninja Gaiden 3 on the Ness was ok if
you're talking about the the modern one
with a 3d one it's terrible I literally
ninja gaiden right it's a game series
that's notoriously hard yeah the third
one I got to the first level
literally just hitting a I didn't even
hit like forward I just hit the a button
and I won every damn fight this is the
most disappointing fucking thing ever
trailer reaction for the new Lethal
Weapon is there a new lethal weapon is
it a reboot are they doing of old guys
coming back kind of thing like a next
generation probably a reboot cuz Mel
Gibson his career has been ruined
well you know like maybe they'll just
show like a picture of him this was
Briggs
we loved brave face they can't do that
and now we have to solve his murder cuz
he's dead and won't be in the movie they
can't do that oh they're saying it's a
TV show on Fox what that's that's a
different oh I don't have any clear
maids even a modern-day action TV show
would at least be interesting
no they did that with the good guys and
nobody liked it the best fucking show
nobody paid attention to yeah yeah it's
kind of an action cop comedy yeah I've
never uh Tom Hanks son Colin Hanks on
banks I like him coolly I can't remember
the other dudes name the old-school cop
with the moustache
it was who was totally like a 70's style
Starsky and Hutch TV show cop who wanted
to bust Punk's knock heads together and
then Colin Hanks was the you know
by-the-book CSI cop
we have to collect evidence that's dumb
what what is this
what is it FC Luca says hey guys thanks
for the stream holy shit the doom song
that Chris Newlin did is great everyone
should go listen to it if they haven't
already thanks for retweeting it oh your
Jack's doom song I don't know that like
I put it into proper context and Twitter
but you know I was living a doom song
and someone they were good the same guy
who made the the the youtube comment
song in hindsight I wish you've done
more verses you can improvise some now I
could well not right now dooming dooma
dooma dooma dooma dooma oh wait wait I
forgot the tempo everything you forgot
the every breath I forgot what I end
every sentence with doom in it it wasn't
doing it up doing it up got my fucking
shotgun Oh doom it up yo my fucking
shotgun doom it up
cut the fucking barrel doom it up
shooter David sighs do it up you can
make up your own doom it up sorry okay
that's great I'm dying so much it's
gonna go viral you know that right now
it's not gonna go am i watching preacher
this Sunday no I don't have basic cable
and the trailer I saw makes it look like
they got everything wrong so no I'm not
watching the new preacher according to
top people at AMC it's gonna be a great
show the kids are gonna love it
the network has high hopes for this show
I swear to God that shows gonna end up
betraying God is like a good guy he's
gonna find Jesus in the end like in the
spiritual sense not in the I'm going to
shoot him in the face sense and it's
gonna be terrible oh no because they
don't they don't have balls
they don't have balls like that then I'd
have enough balls to do preacher right I
don't think anybody does you say that
now oh fuck I do not have the weapons to
deal with you know you don't this is all
I have you're just gonna die yes I this
is my I guess if this is uh is this the
thing with these maps you can only get
so many guns on the map don't know then
we need more we need we need more guns
they should respond they should respond
I get it that I'm supposed to get good
here but I think the person that made
the level expected me you're gonna get
good I think that's what I expected by
the way I wasted a rocket launcher and a
gloss because I took one floating in the
air and then I took another one and I
threw it on the ground and I wasted one
yeah
Jack cuz I didn't know I didn't know
they didn't respond I was assuming they
respond and now I got a fight I'm fuckin
bearing a hell here the bearing a heck
with it with a fucking shotgun oh did we
mention my my review on Eurogamer dotnet
oh yeah oh we did happen tonight
Eurogamer uh net did uh some kind of
article like you know doom is one over
in the fans oh yeah what's the backstory
of that and there's not much backstory I
just think oh no because people didn't
like the early melt oh well yeah yeah
the multiplayer beta came out everybody
hated it and I I don't play multiplayer
so I don't know if it's good or bad I
don't care but but according you know
the Eurogamer articles about how
the single-player campaign has won
everybody over and they just started
posting like user reviews from Steam and
the first one they list is my Steam
review just random which wasn't even a
long review I just wanted to give it a
positive thumbs up for something real
quick it's the first it's the first
thing in their article it's weird and
it's beard these chairs bother me
I'll let you know that I'll let everyone
know that those chairs bother me
everything bothers you
no way everything bothers me yeah cuz
I'm the horrible cynic I just assume
everything bothered as everyone else to
because I'm just don't migrate I'm happy
with most things anonymous says hello a
tip for you and this bullet fo you are a
tip before you because of your outright
refusal to be political jerks even if
you are regular jerks also have you
played Deus Ex I never have I'm familiar
with it I actually have the old one and
the new one no another one I'm but throw
in another one just throw it on the pile
this horrible horrible modern age of
games have got like a hundred games that
I haven't gotten around to and tend to
someday fully intend to the horrible but
too many things to play I've always
mentioned how I think steam is great and
bad mm-hmm it's great because I have a
hundred games that I haven't even really
played them all yet just sitting there
and waiting for me it's bad because I
don't really own any of them they get
bigger they get shit steam gonna shut
down there there's their authentication
servers anytime or tomorrow may not
steam which is the people who made
whatever game it is and no you're fucked
you need to reinstall you can't no
tomorrow all I every game could be
tomorrow could be tomorrow
can we just wasted data sitting on my
hard drive
what am I supposed to do with this I've
killed all the demons I'm in a blue area
and I have a blue key card I'll just hit
things so they were like you have to
press the button on the panel to win
there's a panel with a button this panel
yeah you know what the problem is
this mode probably could have used the
location marker probably gonna use that
I get I didn't turn it out even I get
maybe it's a hat maybe it had it all
right I didn't I did to just any
settings like that it's probably default
you got a hundred and fifty snap points
yeah no those are a I vote that one up
great
alright forgive me no all right uh well
Scott what do you got what you got
chapter new keyboard what you got heck
heck night jyggalag you're assuming it's
gonna be a hundred years and not like
one before this team goes under you
never know the future is uncertain
that's true the end is always near yeah
alright someone says survival of the
demoness they're not giving you a number
to search for just the name someone
else's harvest doom harvest doom
one of the game devs made a harvest doom
map well they want to one of that is we
want something somebody in the chat
right so lowly battle machine
three-to-two is giving me some numbers
oh sure
8 6 7-5 309 nope nope I got following it
8 6 7-5 3 o 9 8 6 7-5 3 on I just jokin
yeah god damn it sue you are so roasted
I'm gonna harvest doom
grow crops raise demons upgrade your
loadout and explore reach the bottom of
the mine to win what you two should be
ashamed I caught it I got it
I'm the one who doesn't give a shit
about music which is probably why that
went over my head but yeah that's got a
featured maps here this time out sick
maker 9000
parkour let's do this one cuz I don't
know no better
I don't know no better someone do this
one alright okay
what not not the harvest doing not the
harvest you know I did I didn't
understand what was going on there how
to play that or what was that bad I mean
it looked like it wasn't just a doom
thing like you said you had to do stuff
okay I wanna do stuff I just want to
fight demons
can you change things like lighting I
wonder yeah okay by the way that's good
I mess around with it a little bit you
can change individual lighting for
different rooms
come on Jack harvest Doom equals Harvest
Moon I get the reference I also get the
reference I get the reference I just I
didn't know if it was it's fine I'll
play how he's doing next
Sarah Shen says hi jack I have you tried
out professor layton before if you
haven't heard of it I guess it's a
similar ish ish enroute to Phoenix I
kind of have love-hate feelings towards
him yeah I like I like the Professor
Layton series it's it's all a bunch of
logic puzzles you know I thought I
thought we were doing Phoenix right
tonight yes we have a we should talk
about that we had a clear lack of
communication yep like Jack shows up
like okay do you bring the 3ds next like
I'm ready for doom I I tweeted that we
were playing doom and and rich is like I
promised everyone that we were gonna
we're gonna do a when did you promise
they sell a stream I said we're gonna do
Phoenix right nobody has mentioned a
thing about the Phoenix right so okay it
has to be next okay it has to be I'm
okay I'm okay okay we're clear now we
have clearer audio evidence jack is okay
with playing Phoenix right next play
this back to me when I clearly forget to
play Phoenix right we gotta set it up on
your Windows 10 yeah
someone on the chat thinks the enemy AI
sucks this I believe this one that I'm
doing right here is a tribute to a
classic map okay I think it's like a
remade classic map with the new textures
and everything and so I believe it sucks
on purpose
this this these guys do suck yeah well
they're AI they're designed for like
theories
these guys they're good when I'm running
around and getting it from behind and
snipe it at you from ledges yeah oh yeah
I remember that walkway yep this is a
thing you're kind of your you're my
go-to expert on doom Venus
there should be a huge secret somewhere
yeah the whole area if they recreated
the whole thing
all that wasted ammo huh all of that
wasted ammo
yeah it's fine Mike was never a
punk-rocker guy only on camera ha ha ha
but that was that was never his thing
like in reality being into punk rock
music yeah oh I did it
yeah well you missed like a large area
if it's a faithful recreation oh yeah
fuck it do we got time for one more
level yeah yeah how do we start it's
getting towards midnight oh okay yeah
yeah price it okay you got one speak now
or forever hold your peace during
harvest Doom harvest do or less say a
viewer has a level they made they would
like us to play yes
streaming for three hours 11 minutes
well you know I'd like to go between
three to four yeah okay I'll try out
Hummers doom all right harvest doom it
is
harvests doom body harvest remember body
harvest is this is this funny I don't
understand I don't understand what I'm
saying
I think pokemons I think they're
supposed to be like some kind of Pokemon
jokes sure okay
secure our 253
what the fuck unlike more plots ensues I
think you have to farm see just a store
owner that's that's adorable
okay wait
welcome to UAC farms water your crops
and watch them grow
I don't
okay sleeps to regain health and energy
well I guess I'll go out now I think
that's a little Tehran Iran Jordan
I just watered this thing okay
Oh water
okay
what am I getting you need spring crops
Jack unlock more plots
okay
oh no that one says our kid you know one
look at the top-left corner
you've six spring crops said Dhumal he's
a little sick no three more times
oh yeah it's a guy he kind of meat kind
of thing unless your fold you why can't
you do more I don't know
rich what's going on I don't know
perhaps talk to the demon what does the
demon have to say oh wow I got water I
got water my crabs I got one of my craft
so okay hold on I gotta
okay okay well I got a lot of my craps I
don't want I want to talk to demon I'll
talk to the master I'm wondering is and
I got six craps here
okay I'll watered did you just shoot him
oh I don't have yeah yeah I need fifty
spring crops after Crouch to get out of
here okay so weird
I'm Kenny powerses Kenny fucking powers
here I'm gonna watch x-men apocalypse
tonight good luck
god dammit Kenny fucking powers these
are from eastbound and down can you buy
can you buy summer I don't know how does
it have a way of keeping track of
seasons which you asked me these things
as if I know I I don't even know Harvest
Moon well what does this summer say what
does summer have to say Jack I need to
know I had to let me water my fucking
plans first Oh twenty five so you get
formed one one summer oh this is so
weird summer crops gonna take fifty no I
can afford no no are none
look what does the floor say buy it this
floor says something by the same summer
crops take fifteen seconds to go unlock
more pots to summer crops is there a
thing that keeps track of like oh wait
what does that thing say back go back
turn turn turn around turn around go
stir a little bit more of that gO
go to the corner turn around but there
we go what does this have to say we
already read it oh well I'm just saying
if we miss something I'm looking for
uh-oh
oh my go you did my house oh did summer
unlock just from getting all of those
apparently no use your words rich like
left right up and then when I told him
to move a little he would do like a
complete you Tunney you told me to turn
around and what does turn around me face
the other direction
just gonna I just don't understand this
at all
it's nervous know I don't know you know
sure
there we go well you got a lot of spring
to buy it whatever that spring thing was
at the shop
oh yeah more I can get more health now
oh yeah water everything okay so you're
you have enough Crump's to open the mine
which is real which is the real fun okay
okay a lot of press use for more health
okay great okay okay oh it's just water
everything before we leave is that like
I played enough
I played enough starters Ellie to know
any water things before you leave but go
to the console next
oh and here we go
ah
all right Oh are they not gonna drop
health is the only way you can get
health from buying it at the shop I
believe so and so you need to upgrade
yourself because the game's not over
until you reach the bottom of the mines
that's actually pretty interest and so
you need to harvest moon so you can
upgrade stuff like your health and your
weapon that actually is incredibly
interesting I'm assuming there's gonna
be a point where you need so much summer
to unlock the next area or does the
summer give you like ammunition I'm
gonna guess it's just a different
section of the mine that you didn't only
get so far right now it's my guess
sure fine guess
it's good thing you want that health
though animal might be a problem
this whole economy going on oh no I got
a muscle oh oh maybe there was a little
bit lying there I'm so used to killing
enemies this is health this is just a
really nice get the fuck out of there
just get the fuck out yep this is just a
nice like just demonstration of things
you can do with the game this is the
thing this is a this is a powerful level
editor except you're limited to prefab
rooms yeah I'm sure there are people
who've been modding games and making
levels for decades we're just horribly
let down I'm gonna guess that's the
thing by the prefab rooms yeah
absolutely but just room for expansion
laughs are there more coming by health
did you follow me you think you did okay
oh that's fine I'm gonna water I'll
sleep this okay people joining in this
is not part of the main game but this is
a level that's available in the snap map
doom level editor section yes but it is
not part of the regular single-player
campaign at all sleep for hell oh you
could sleep for health to it yeah yeah
so now I'm just back to Harvest Moon
so this is beyond weird rich okay get
more summer crops yeah you can you've
119 spring I don't think that man oh
wait no something I have to send summer
crash yeah it's uh bird traps which is
fine that makes sense that makes sense
what do you need two for fall my guess
is I have to do the same thing where I
did with spring here I forgot what was
it all I did was fill up this nine nine
area oh they just opened open out of
time yeah
can you still buy more spring just to
have like a ton oh good question
no no the the console one away oh good -
question though rich yeah yeah I'm
thinking like a Harvest Moon because
this this console was over here knowing
away thinking like a Harvest Moon play
roll
Phoenix right doom would be amazing
objection
let's say just take a shotgun to your
head that's objective yeah objection I
get another health upgrade
I wonder aloud chances romance demons
DLC now oh my god
use the snapchat snap map to make like a
dating sim ended up like this with like
a picky demon with some dialogue options
oh my god look by the way do you think
my eyes are pretty no I kind of want
that somebody somebody get get on that
that dooms snap map dating sim I have
enough help now where I can go give it
another go no it's not a health there we
go all right summers done
you gonna start on falling out huh yeah
that's finance hopeful but first do all
these guys respond is the question
I'm gonna guess know who's six hundred
health yeah wow I really upgraded my
health they do not a little very
interesting there are more things in the
left hand corner I'm assuming in the
main area but I've been wrong before
what about ammo hey mo I get a lot of
ammo I don't know if it responds or if
I'm just lucky with drops like ammo so
far has not been a problem that should
have been part of their economy there
there were several maps called harvest
doom fixed or Harvest Moon certain
things fixed I'd you know I wonder oh no
we all have grenades you yeah here I get
between him and the IMP and let the
impotent with fire I think it just
refill minutes own what unless you ran
into something I'll she like backed up
into ammo right yeah I think it's pretty
good I'm not worried you get mo from the
melee killed well normally but it looks
like nothing popped out of him it looks
like they yeah they've adjusted that for
this map like you could also get health
that way too
but we're not getting health that way
yeah no but I think we can get ammo I
think that's how I'm getting at all is
what he's saying you got you I saw it
refill when you were just backing up
away from that one dude yeah I didn't
pick I'm not seeing I'm not saying
anything fly out of them I'm not saying
ammo or health fly out of the demons
I know in the main game yeah every kill
you get a little bit of a mo but this
not convinced that's what's happening
tell Accord back to farm
teleport back to farm all right
anonymous says yo free my man helmet on
then
sorry chances hi rich don't want to
sound mean but the Shen in my name is
actually pronounced with a CH like
Jackie Chan not Shen I'm saying it wrong
earlier I apologize it sounds almost
French every time you mentioned my name
haha
darn Asians why does it feel so bad now
racist don't like them Asian what's
going on that's all one oh no I'm sorry
I'm just trying to figure it out just
trying to figure it out no
chin no I will Jim I will I will do my
best to remember that what am i buying
here by five so it comes oh I get it I
get it
so told Jack to farm demons by man cubis
okay the leads of power of two men here
is to defeat the minds oh okay
this this is certainly different Oh feed
man keep it Oh No
they're my livestock I don't have any
fall crops to feed the bank you've got
ten no fall crops Oh yo I do have ten
already oh great
hope you don't die after a while I can
feed him are you happy now man cubasis
well set in the middle with the bow
that's the teleport Oh would you find a
mine teleport thing yeah that'll take me
back to the means
chat believes the plural is make you buy
I like it when you call a flock of
Mickey by the head of a name a girdle a
dowry of Bank you buy something a flop
sweat a roll a roo a roll that's what it
is
a roll of Maggie babe that's a flock of
Maggie by yep
shouldn't they be a hurt I guess cuz I
don't fine
yeah can things that don't fly
we had a flock yeah flutter sheep right
yeah black sheep so what what what
determines whether or not something is a
flock or whether or not some things are
heard are they complete synonyms I
honestly just have no idea
kilmister and the chat says a murderer
of man Cuba but then again it is dual
and everything would have to be like
it's a murder of imps it's a murder of
l9 hey hey eat your food hungry oh wait
I picked up a green Power Core today was
that his fault I don't know yeah that's
his poop rich I just picked up his poop
I'm strangely just intrigued I believe I
just picked up his poop which gave me a
green power core which I think I need to
get through the mines get them to mate
Oh God I'll see we'll see what happens
there's a scheme of imps that's good I
like a scheme alright so I'm good with a
murder of mank you buy a scheme of imps
a horror of Hell Knights keep going you
got this
oh there we go ball crops now we're
rolling in it now we got nothing but
money yeah yeah I got another one I
can't pick that one up though a horror
of helmets are a bludgeoned a bludgeon a
bludgeoned a bludgeoned of uh no blood
didn't should go to something else
yep I like forging though I think
30 summer okay and jump for oil maker
I got an oil maker come I don't know
what that means
now I'm taking an internet forums word
on this which is probably a bad idea but
I have read that John Carmack
was not thanked in the credits of this
game and I did not go through the
credits of this game to double-check
that uh-huh how does the chat feel about
that should he have been thanked and if
he was aren't you obligated to think you
know Romero and Adrian and everyone else
who was involved in the early days of it
I yeah I think I
I hope there's at least some sort of
blanket like to the original team thank
you would think
I don't know if that's to be
specifically carmack but john carmack
said games don't need stories to fuck
him he was right they don't need stories
and some it's a perk
unless you're neglecting the game played
it doesn't hurt so basically unless
you're not a dog xing just kind of
fucker yeah i think i think i'm
overpowered yeah that's uh okay I am now
full health
wonder what oil maker does I was up
maybe you did something with the green
things with the oil maker of 30 fall
crops I'm maxed out on health Oh jump
I got an oil maker oh no I got a oh oh
okay look at now I got the bet I got a
great gun oh and I can switch weapons
now oh very exciting
very exciting I'm just gonna kind of max
out everything before I go back in so oh
I think I a maxed out okay well let's do
this all right
are you going all the way doors need a
manky was power oh good thing I got that
Power Core that's beautiful that's
beautiful
where'd you get the weapons upgraded my
Amy in the shop with the spring is nice
come on I'm close enough to hit him with
the melee I'm close enough to fucking
there we go yeah now we're ready
now we're ready for some shit you sound
ready
got 800 health rich
right in the face
eat it dick can't get them all okay I
shut up with the grenade I'm used to
like I have all the souped-up grenades
though so I like you know they have good
splash damage and all that fun shit
pardon me
ah you got 700 health no I know but it's
like that was a dumb mistake I got too
close I knew he's gonna blow up shit
okay
yeah oh these guys just drop em all I
don't I don't think it's necessary
stop shoot a couple times all right
no I like faith okay it's just not
glowing
yeah they that I think everybody drops
ammo okay okay good to check though
listen we're doing that's our dude that
was you know that was due diligence
I hate those shield fuckers agreed they
might be my least favorite enemy in the
game
every one of the chats well but of
flocks pinkies oh hello there I'll count
up a name some of them are good like a
court of hell Knights isn't bad a court
a court Oh
something has to be a bludgeon maybe
just the Barons of Hell a bludgeon a
bludgeon Barons yeah Oh first of all of
course a bulletin of Barons
I didn't we had a little iterations
where he was - silly - silly a bludgeon
of barons I think sillies okay okay when
we're talking about doom well worth it
when we're talking about naming flocks
of groups three monsters I think it's
okay to be a lead a bit silly gonna go
out on a limb there rich anonymous says
hi rich don't take this the wrong way
when I showed my mom an episode of best
of the worst your voice made her think
you're a woman actual quote are you sure
she doesn't just look like that now I
can't use the bathroom in North Carolina
topical that's been a problem all my
damn life what do you want me to do oh
here we go turn man Cuba's gear into oil
now I think you need to
I'm like oh this is this is I'm so into
this game I don't want to know that
hey can a parade anymore shit or am I
fully upgraded nope nope nope okay I'm
fully upgraded don't get my GU sir you
have my GU where's my GU what GU Oh Oh
take it no wait wait wait
what do you need a mang Kubis thing I
need a red container see you turn man
keepers GU into oil
I believe that's what I need
feed your rank abide and see maybe you
need to put two in there oh sure sure
yeah I'm with ya oh yeah I got crops
love the beefcake says I thought Jack
would have been bored by now the the
mixture of the shooting shit in the face
has revitalized what's on the back no ha
oh there's a croquette okay great now I
got the red car and all right let's go
so now the red core goes in here great
oh wait I forgot to sleep yeah it's
always important to sleep bridge okay
now this is so weird
this is incredibly and entirely weird
wide right up in there thank you
liberal user since this game has bad
monster design and an annoying stunned
glory kill clay glory kill gameplay loop
I still like it though I guess you're
too busy shooting things what they don't
like the glory kills I don't like the
stung and they're not like the monster
designs I think I think like the
humanoid soldiers I just kind of
horrible design you look weird and
blobby it'll look like the soldier guys
there's look a little bit like soldier
guys right is that wrong well they're
there they're a little bit soldier guys
and yeah I agree
early game they they can get a little uh
a little the battles get a little say me
early game I I don't know the glory
kills work for me the glory kills really
work for me it's right usually things
are dead before I can get a glory killed
on yes and you can turn the glow off
actually in the menu and never do it
that's enough yeah
or just see them staggered I mean you
know if they're stagger they're usually
a shot away from dying anyway it's a
challenge not to kill them really right
kill him kill him I did
fuck you baron
Marren rekt I'm rich is the wise man
playing the fool not as often as I'd
like but sometimes yes sometimes I'm
genuinely dumb
chief Barron's now I like a bludgeoned I
like a bludgeoned of Barron's Hey look
at this was sick I farmed hard enough to
survive oh that was excellent fun with a
little with a little bit of imagination
you can turn doom into a completely
different game and so here's a lot about
the snap map that says a lot about the
snare back so now how how do we
incorporate shooting people in the face
into our dating sim okay okay okay so
rivals that's exactly what I was
thinking you the whole point of our
dating sim is to woo a man you bus well
you have to pick one there's this number
of different ones you can pick from oh
really
yeah oh yeah okay menu bus a pinkie yeah
and and maybe each of them has like a
hallway behind them and those are the
other suitors and you need to be more
desirable than the other suitors and
that's where like there's some stuff you
have to do it like farming I'm Kenny
Powers says kfp here I was wondering
back in the day there'd be any way to
prevent the black edges when compositing
special effects for example the end or
speeder chase or the ghostbusters dog
demon transparency was the way they
usually did it yeah and they what the
reason there's that black edge is
because they literally filmed it against
a black background that's before they
had green screen and then instead of
using greens
technology they would they would use
luma technology so anything super dark
would be keyed out like there are like
in in the Empire Strikes Back like to
get rid of the black line they they made
like the cockpit of the speeder like a
little bit transparent and you know you
can like see like the little Walker or
like through like the cockpit in places
just a little bit
yep yeah yeah that's all I did it to the
best of my knowledge back in the day I
know there are better ways I'm sure
digitally now oh yeah no no not all of
it is well yeah this was this was all
before we had green screen technology
when we were using luma mattes and C T
and G after dark says thanks flying my
level hope you enjoyed it the chairs
will forever remain a mystery you son of
a bitch I can come back I can come back
to it oh that was that was interesting I
am so fascinated by by harvest doom
thank you chat by the way thank you for
showing that to us I was worth it
that was really worth it boom beefcake
your watches working great
Krieger 7 8 3 2014 sin a row
gruff mick military emery 801 18 months
in a row el out of Jannetty no Marin rec
time magnus pu 16 months in a row
top ramens 15 months in a row toe
decimals toe decimals I like a madman
close t CLP 999 Oh twenty fucking months
in a row I am
good god I am God
I'd say God geo TT but TT like God is
tier G of T we said it both ways so they
have to be happy
subscribes to had frauds
yes jyggalag 35 public masticator
ashamed ashamed with with all the with
all the movement and the salaah casual
horse casual horse no fear no envy 15
months in a row
nitro inferno you don't like the Jason I
was thinking more like like that was an
announcer at a at a monster truck rally
or Mars road ok yeah ok for Bill Holt
Wilkins the clown 16 months in a row mud
run comically small skeleton and sorry
chin thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
it's true we we really do someone
stumbled across our Batman vs Superman
discussion on YouTube ok really really
like the discussion didn't quite
understand the part where you just
started naming people at the end oh yeah
what's up with that it is what it is I
like the idea of someone coming at this
moment we should we should probably like
stop more in between games do like 5 and
time 10 at a time whatever
