Episode 579
Brutality (Episode 2)
July 19, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jnwA_THZOC0
___________________________________________

tortured biscuit says what are you
talking about grandpa talking about
fucking share we're talking about its
what the it's like a really long demo as
what the questions were third of the
game was a demo just to make sure that
you would think it was cool enough to
buy demos no we need some more demos I
like playable demos
I'm gonna get a sense for this game
before you spend money on it why we're
so confident we'll give you a little bit
of it for free we're so we're so
confident that you're gonna love this
game
I remember putting a paperweight on the
enter key so AOL wouldn't disconnect
while I downloaded demos I don't even
know that's about I think with
disconnect you if you're idle for so
long so this nice like you could pause
downloads oh I know playable demo still
exists but they don't they don't exist
to the ubiquity as I would like them to
yes I guess what I'm saying
I like that idea for just any game let
me play a little bit of it
let me neat obviously there's other
things there's so there's so much
information out there you know watching
YouTube video budget about a game watch
a live stream watch someone play it live
and chat with him about the game live
there's just plenty of stuff like strafe
uh-huh like strafe like ooh strafe play
with the devs oh well he only came in
because I was doing so bad and I didn't
understand how the door oh god I have to
save this if you remember yeah he
doesn't know what a doomed order you
know I don't know what if Doom doors I
thought everybody adores you know what I
did I taught him something not everybody
knows what a doom door is damn it I
gotta get in there that's great he did
an adequate job of saving this product
he did yeah absolutely I wish them the
best of luck
how old is rich and Jack yes some of us
are middle-aged I don't know what middle
ages I thought I was that middle age was
like in your forties I'm not yes the
middle ages your 40s I'm close enough
yeah we're in a 30 the only way to not
be middle-aged yeah is to die young yes
so I'll take middle-age sure oh sure
where can i download this demo I need to
shove : to my 56k modem ah why not do
bump I'm sure there's somewhere where
you could download the free the
shareware version of doom online
oh I'm sure no I'm sure this probably
says no I I'm agreeing with you and I'm
also sure the first chapter of doing I'm
sure they've this somewhere for free I'm
also pretty sure they made a free
version that runs with the doom source
ports I think I believe there's a thing
called free doom
not yep dick neutral is also is echoing
freedom freedom strafe gave me a free
strafe keyboard that's cool so that's
the strafe keyboard okay straight key
what's the straight 50 boys just say
strafe on it or just do something
fabulous I'm sure it like looks like an
old-school keyboard but it's USB and
it's a strength on it and Slayer it's
his Slayer on it cuz everyone carved
Slayer into everything back in the day
every once in a while I mean yeah cuz
Slayer rocks every once in a while I
forget about straight and then I
remember and I'm happy I'm happy that
that's going to exist
I hope they'd finish it soon
you know as I'd like to plan as I would
like to play it ever gets old
murdering demons hey look at all these
cardboard boxes is Robert zidar gonna
show up any minute
Singh why don't we get the cowboy box
back three there it was wait why are you
in Hell now I'm kind of there's the two
bases yeah it's the focal space in the
dual space okay start off on the full
space yeah then you get teleported over
to the demo space okay but the whole
demos base has been teleporter to hell
so I'm in both right now so you're in a
base then in a space base that happens
to be in hell okay great I was just
throwing the big twist though because
that's the twist the base is in hell so
it's all ruined now spoilers it already
said one year old game it already said
you were going to hell that's that was
the start of this episode was you're
going to hell the shores of hell they
don't explicitly say you're in hell the
shores of Hell is clearly hell cool I
pick that up I don't know nothing I'm
John Romero and Adrian Carmack are
working on a new old-school shooter
called FPS called black room I've heard
that and I bet they're upset that the
new doom was old-school that kind of
shit I'm sure that shit Oliver their
plans to revive the old school shooters
gotta be quick
got to be quick actually they should
probably be happy because doom new doom
did well and it revived the old-school
shooter ease so then now that nothing
should be like did you like that new
doom that old school shooters well these
fuckers made doom fuck yeah black room
Kizer panda says Dhoom 4 is an
old-school you goober why is it not
old-school I know it's not like doom I
know you know there's actual up and down
but it's a lot like quake hmm it's a lot
like quake I think it has a lot of
features that were heavily a part of
old-school games that are not a part of
modern generation games compared to like
battlefield and Call of Duty it's in any
third-person shooter oh god
Dhoom 4 is very much in the spirit of an
old-school game yes well technically
those in order in order to be considered
old school is that has to only work
whether it be the keyboard
wow I'm Savin the frame ratio these
relax to 27.3 as that was the bottom
refresh for brain of both monitors at
the time so this angle single fangled
doom 4 is modern but with old-school
sensibilities Thank You dick neutral
that's a very good way of putting
old-school sensibilities so I think rich
is still accurate in calling it an
old-school shooter
that is my actual voice this is the how
I talk every day and when it's time to
stream then I put on my broadcasting
voice I know I know it's very weird
hearing you talk like you're doing the
streams yeah very weird I know but you
get used to it after a while but no but
every once in a while I slip back - I
could is the my normal speaking voice
it's like a gong uh hell night 86 says I
apologize for the bow I didn't I'm so
sorry it was badass
I was reading a tip I did a badass hell
might made a bad cold joke and wanted to
the apologize for him do you have to buy
brutal doom I didn't get brutal them you
download it you don't have to buy it no
no it's a free Bob well you have to buy
doom then I think it works at freedom oh
really
yeah oh well they go well there you go
not only free new him but I believe the
guy who made the brutal doom mod made a
whole bunch of his own levels oh cool
this secret is revealed rich is a doomed
ninja you're right also
then what's the courage they'd be
careless
I mean hey it's happened to all of us
rich just add that bloodlust all you can
hear is it has the sound of drums
alright alright who's that a health pack
in there that's the key
no but I think there's a health pack in
there I'm more than full I'm actually
beyond full oh my help is add two
hundred and thirty nine percent oh and I
thought it was the white bar I thought
oh oh there's multiple you see the
reason it's white is because I'm over
200 oh there's a like a green that's
full of blue that gets full oh okay I'm
with you I'm with you
oh god I'm sure you're right I'm sure
it's time to stand I have not been
paying attention so let's just call it
time to stand everybody why don't we
take a stand-up time stand up time to
stand up stand up on your own damn time
I will keep shooting demons Jack just
picked up a floating flaming skull and I
threw it jack about there lying about
all the cool shit using some other
brutal doom edition
I'm sorry the real McCoy the real McCoy
says I have like five 30 inch monitors
here why am i watching and typing on my
iPhone crocodile brain yeah yeah I get
it together brain is definitely correct
Gregg get it together UNCHR occure brain
on crack your brain man
I'm gonna set my timer again I'm gonna
reason I'm gonna actually set my
stand-up timer all the whole hold all
your standup horses but an official
stand-up timer no I just said it or you
just said it I'm okay I set a timer for
an hour which is probably why I often
forget I have it I talk about this all
the time I have an actual application on
my home computer that just automatically
dings every hour I set it for every half
hour just because you know like if I
mean if I'm in an editing flow or if I'm
working or if I'm playing video games
you know like I'll often lose track of
time and so I need something to remind
me to stand out
I could use something like very funny
he looks so worried he should be eyes
are going back and forth don't throw me
steam you fight
I have many obsessive compulsive habits
you see I'm eating the other demon oh
that's great that is another rule don't
you don't get the eating animation sure
we didn't talk about that in our and I
dream of you but I like that now in the
new doom they the demons can fight each
other yeah
oh thank you Titan poo Titan poo has uh
has given a link to everything you need
to play a brutal - oh thank you good
good good good
I'd be doing four I assume brights be do
for do for yeah yeah
I'm now I'm now lending it to a friend
of mine who does not have Dhoom 4 and so
this whole story of their attitude well
it's a so someone I know was was was not
looking forward to do and and and also
was kind of like was playing quantum
break and enjoying quantum break they're
very different gamer than I am and
that's okay you can all be different
gamers and so I am a copy of doom and I
just said you need to put this on top of
your this as I said in the interview and
as I continue to say doom new doom is
required playing you need to know how
good a first-person shooter can be in
this person that plays played Call of
Duty and is is that kind of gamer and
they have not gotten around to doom yet
God still haven't touched to them I
still haven't touched it their button
but they need to have it in their
possession and and hopefully they will
find time to play doom if you people
like it people like to find them bring
they they like oh no you know what I
like going and taking a little break
from fighting and watching a story it's
like really
that's silly it's silly to me
and in any case we're very different
games and I felt I felt it necessary to
make sure that he has a copy of doom for
when he's ready to experience a fucking
awesome game so but once I get it back I
will be playing on the harder modes
because you kind of got to have you been
playing on the harder times at all after
I finished normal I kind of went to
brutal doom actually first I want to do
do you know if that liked him for
minimum or doom I'm gonna revisit the
doom games uh-huh so I went to three and
it was amazing how how just garbage doom
3 is a comparison yeah this is someone
who like doom 3 originally it does not
hold up compared to the other doing
games at all so then I found let's play
brutal doom then I've been doing this
for us you know few days sure sure
most of this week whatever then I was
gonna play through the originals then go
back to do 4 and maybe tackle a higher
difficulty yeah
yeah that's my as soon as I can
fun but really like you know I have over
watched and I've been I've been very
much enjoying over watch but I will get
back to doom for to new doom whatever
the proper way to say it numah numah
numah numah numah numah numah numah but
really most of my time will be dedicated
to overwatch as I enjoy class-based
online-only multiplayer shooters and
overwatch just you know and that's fine
even though I don't like them right I
don't care that you do what anyone else
does I know that I know
I like how slow doing three is slow
games let you think I'm like some games
I won't mention they that's kind of a
glory of doom though it's not thinking
it's instinct you shoot you seeing you
shoot what what don't three does that I
do like I like the horror aspect because
doom I swear to God doom does have a
great premise I honestly believe that
fighting all the demons at how merger of
science fiction and the occult is
something weird and and and unique okay
I'm with you I don't know if it's been
done since because of doom but certainly
when doom came out that was very very
fucking novel okay and you know I think
doom three delves deeper into that kind
of lore behind that you know you don't
frequently see space stuff and Satanism
you are correct and pagan rituals and
bodies ritualistically mutilated in
space in space it's very rare that you
see those together I agree
I thought the new Wolverine was x-23 or
is it a new new Wolverine I don't care
the talking comic books do people ever
talk about anything else
people like comic books rich I'm talking
about comic books are you on fire I'm
laughing about it
he went boom you know what we think we
like that a little bit of dead space
that we played is a dead space does that
do yeah dead space though isn't actually
paranormal it's just some kind of killer
alien virus thing right huh I don't know
we should play more dead space I agree
that space doesn't have classically goat
leg to horn demons of a variety that
doom has right I did not see the newest
x-men film and I really don't plan to
rich did you see the newest x-men film
no I have no plans to see it I just
never cared about the x-men and I do
care about the x-men which is why I
don't watch their movies because I care
about the excellent eye I disliked a lot
of the x-men movies and I do not plan on
staying
I don't care about no x-men news I don't
care about no x-men movie sad x2 is kind
of Vicki Walker at all death hose yes
the death oh we're all very excited
about the death hose movie it's always
been too much about Jennifer Lawrence I
don't I don't understand what people
like Jennifer Lawrence I just don't get
it that's you know that's fine it's all
Jennifer Lawrence this might be a very
rich Evans thing to say yeah exactly who
was Jennifer Lawrence again she's the
you you probably know her did you see
any of the Hunger Games Movies no or did
you see any of their advertisements no
in the x-men movies she's mystique and
then you know the new x-men we haven't
seen any of the new x-men movies joy did
you see joys no did you see did you see
American hustle no did you see silver
linings playbook no have you been on the
internet recently
yes people like to talk about her on the
internet and post pictures of her
she is a modern movie star and a lot of
people really like her and I don't
necessarily get it was she not in silver
linings playbook I I don't know what
other movie has she been in she's in
Winter's Bone oh yes a while back her
nude photos were released on the
internet it's much kerfuffle someone
stole a bunch of her photos and the
posted them online okay that was a big
thing so you might recognize her from
those she is America's new sweetheart
for some reason and I get it like I see
we like people you know she's an actress
whenever she does interviews she always
talks like she's very aloof and and she
seems like a very nice person like she
seems like a nice and agreeable person I
just don't think she's a good actress so
I think I get it why people like her but
I don't understand why people like her
in movies no I'm saying no I'm Sam
shotgun shotgun specialist extra dudes
you're dying I'm running around now
awesome that's awesome
yeah it takes away from the mystique of
the lone Space Marine you know yeah I
think that's fair rich that's absolutely
fair am i missing a movie that the rich
would know Jennifer Lawrence from I've
seen a little bit of game of the new
Game of Thrones season and I thought it
was bullshit and I'm done watching Game
of Thrones I don't want to hear about
many things I've barely cared to begin
with and now I really don't care my wife
is still watching it and she seems to be
enjoying it so she read the books so
maybe you need to read the books to
really get the full experience I don't
know I don't know you pretty much listed
her entire filmography okay great you
need a simple recipe for one breakfast
lunch dinner what did what did what do
you need this simple a simple recipe for
I've never like I was never super on
board with Game of Thrones and then a
bunch of spoilery stuff that I guess I
won't get into and and now I'm not into
Game of Thrones if Game of Thrones was
8-bit pixel graphics Jack would love it
you guys can't just not be assholes hey
that's you know that's what we invited
oh my god sorry I've missed so many tips
anonymous says did you hear about the
poor gorilla that was killed at the zoo
because some kid fell in the exhibit
nope it's tragedy great hey rich hey
Jack I know the details I just heard
about it oh did you yeah no that's crazy
thinking I shoot the gorillas they can't
let him all the kid yeah Tim Sam and
says hey rich hey Jack has anybody at
rlm seems a nice guys yet it's not today
and it's one of my favorite movies of
the year
please movie studios let chain black
right and I can't lose I'm very excited
to see it but I have not seen it yet
rich have you seen the nice guys yet I
like that Shane black so I am excited to
see I've not though yet I don't I cannot
say for J mic cuz I don't know latched
in and says rich what did you like about
quake for what don't you like about it
just a sure it's not groundbreaking
Lenny I think they just want you to talk
about quick for you you have neat
weapons you can have more than two of
them and you shoot it fun monsters these
these
easy peasy and the hens keep in mind
keep in mind I'm just gonna go back
before we go too far
quick for I don't I don't know maybe
there are multiplayer issues quake for
people don't like I don't know in
general do people not like it that's the
impression I've gotten from the chat
okay here's one here nurse okay I don't
give a shit about multiplayer so if the
problem with a game is the multiplayer
sucks I don't care no there you go
there was very little x-men talk rich
doesn't like x-men in general and I
don't like the x-men movies I've yeah
absolutely nothing to say but a
franchise I honestly don't give a shit
about right they sure are goofy I think
maybe one and a half of the movies is
good I don't like the movie series so I
don't care about this new one which in
general has been getting bad reviews so
I'm definitely not gonna sit they sure
have problems I can't relate to I sure
am the bad guy in their universe
let me them x-men they're not that bad
guy all of you in the movie the
oppressive nothing everyone but ah let's
see here hands a frosh says would you
kindly tell us about your history with
other classic shooters like Duke Nukem
3d Shadow Warrior
oh yeah yeah yeah I was not I was never
a Shadow Warrior
apparently there's a Shadow Warrior
remake that was supposed to close I did
you play that one what'd you get afford
I played a little bit okay I was
enjoying it but for the first time and I
don't remember when I got motion sick
really yes the first-person shooter
yeah interesting I'll try again yeah I
hit what I played was fun a lot of
people were asking if we play that after
the doom er I did play it after the doom
for him because the doom 4 was good yeah
yeah yeah and you got motion sick I
guess she got a little bit motion sick
interesting very interesting okay yeah
we'll give it another try I'll try it
again I don't know
just yeah one of those weird difference
a different day maybe it won't be a
problem
sure yeah or maybe was just like the
transition from doom it was like
different movement maybe yeah maybe
that's crazy I I don't have a long
history with first-person shooters
because I was a console game I may be
sworn to home consoles for a very long
time I played the living fuck out of
doom
I played a lot of dark forces which is
the kind of the Star Wars doing they're
gonna had mission objectives which was
neat at the time uh-huh and you have to
keep in mind
young Rich's computer was a piece of
shit young young rich so as much as I
would have loved to have played quake
one when it came out my computer was not
going to run I was I was kind of out of
the FPS game for a few years Gunners I
got a new computer around the Sun quake
2 came out so I love I love the fuck out
of quake 2 I'm sure the other punch or
other shit that came out around there
like beef and whatnot sure yeah and I
didn't really start falling in love with
first person shooters until I got the
orange box and was able to play
half-life 2 and portal and Team Fortress
2 and that's what convinced me to to
start gaming on my PC because those are
some fine games
I didn't play blood because I didn't
have blood blood no like sounds vaguely
familiar the one marathon which I just
didn't have these games have marathon
and you have his rise to triad I didn't
have the original Shadow Warrior
listen like the days before I actually
had an income I was a kid so you get one
game that's how it worked Eames work
yeah every now and then here's your
sometimes treat like two games a year
here's your new game you get to play
this for six months
you better fucking like it cuz this is
the only game you got oh god I got so
many dudes following me around now
that's insane I know look at all these
dudes surrounded by dude yeah I just got
people's dudes off and stick up its
gotta beat him maybe sometimes you don't
even use the stick
in the comics and why would people hate
mutants the Fantastic Four Spider Man
and Captain America are all mutants
except for none of them are mutants do
you think the general public wouldn't
make any distinction do you I'm just
first of all I'm just saying let's nerd
it up here none of those listed are
mutants Fantastic Four Captain America
and spider-man did not derive their
powers from the mutant gene the public
wouldn't see it that way just I know the
public doesn't know how they got their
powers of course Pope doesn't know yeah
they would assume they're mutants in
fact in the it'll be fair the public
does hate spider-man yeah but like you
know your captain actually Fantastic
Four it wasn't for that was a highly
publicized how they got their power I'm
not sure how publicized that was the
space mission that one alright I think
there's a big deal in the comics the
general publish would just see people
with amazing powers doing wonderful and
horrible things
yeah but the Fantastic Four like they
have a building there they're a very
public you know yeah well well this
right if you have a building the public
automatically just has to like you I
forgot that that's why everyone loves
Trump because he has so many buildings
that's exactly the reference I was gonna
make fun what I'm saying is like they're
not like shrout you know like spider-man
tries to like keep his identity secret
whereas the Fantastic Four does not yeah
you know they're they are a public
entity radioactive radioactive spider
does not necessary mutant it means his
genes were altered which technically his
genes are altered but mutant mutant says
we are describing mutants are people who
have the mutant gene in their system at
birth there is it has to be at birth
there is there is is that there's a big
difference if we're going to talk about
mutants so if it like some kind of gene
treatment gives you the exact same kind
of gene that gives mutants their powers
they're not a mutant right it has to it
has to be latent from birth
and then you are a mutant in Canada's
Apple so the and the x-gene dick neutral
this is why odd
this is why I think the mutants are just
weird and the whole concept never really
never really did it for me it's all
about feeling weird and different and
your powers sprung out at about puberty
time and so like a teenager's you know I
feel weird and different it's perfect
you got your powers up up acuity time
like like like spider-man yeah yeah just
just like spider-man right
what who's asking about tips yeah Tim I
read your tip we have not seen the nice
guys sorry if you walk away for a second
we have not seen it I really want to see
it I like Shane black I'm glad you
enjoyed it
I'm really looking forward to it
unfortunately it probably won't be
something I get to see until it comes on
demands because it's tough to get out of
hang tough to get out of the house
sometimes that's possibilities you know
my nerd voice is well I think forever
forever and ever amen my nerve voice
will always be Professor Frank you know
that's just that's the class if any
credit to Jerry Lewis professor Frank is
blatantly blatantly ripping off but no
no credit to the guy whose voice that
actually is that's not the voice I'm
doing though I'm not doing the Nutty
Professor I'm doing Professor Frink
president Frank is doing the Nutty
Professor it does you're doing the Nutty
Professor no I'm doing
Frank's take on the Nutty Professor oh
that's my computer my computer because
you're being obnoxious my computer knew
I was being obnoxious I probably should
have been monitoring the battery
Nathan right now
to clarify to clarify if I ever threw a
nice lady in there hi a nice lady then
I'm doing nutty then I'm doing Jerry
Lewis but if I'm just doing the general
nerd talk it's prank you can wake up do
you just shut off
just shut up there we go it's back now
everything's back now also Conan
O'Brien's nerd voice which is both Frank
and Jerry Lewis which would make sense
because Conan was a writer on The
Simpsons other than Jerry Lewis I don't
I don't know if any specific writer is
credited with creating a Frank you know
one did oh sure sure of course it's all
it's all Hank Azaria he's the only there
like like Hank we need a nerd voice I
don't Jerry Lewis yeah fine that's fine
Hank go gotta get this episode up that's
a fair point someone sign Conan created
the sea captain
that's great
no rich rich has not died yet no death
run is intact to be fair right now I'm
only playing gonna hurt me plenty
because I don't want to die okay that's
fine I still that's fine
Jack rich who would you cast as the guy
I don't think I don't think it matters
in in the doom movie I think we talked
about this the other day I feel like it
would be very similar to the Dredd movie
in which you just need an imposing
figure not to talk very yes
I wouldn't even even have you see his
whole face ever you just see like kind
of the eyes through the shaded visor
yep yeah so you just you just need
someone with a with a good build
something who can maybe physically act
yeah someone who can move you make a
hell of a doing prequel
a doomed prequel well how the base gets
set up in the experiments with hell
because otherwise a proper doom movie
would just be running around shooting
things right and while that might be
awesome for a little bit yeah we get old
you can't you know what you cast Andy
Serkis
right he just didn't okay well though I
just haven't bulk up a little bit Oh cuz
you know he knows he knows how to movies
just haven't bought him he looks pretty
bulky in age of Ultron he looked like he
had some some beef on him
so Andy Serkis would do it because he
would get the body movement down just
right and he'd be great unless maybe you
did like a series of flashbacks to how
things went bad wondering how you would
actually do a proper term movie and I'm
not sure cuz I mean obviously it needs
to be a ridiculous amount of action yes
it needs to be very it needs to be cool
all of the action takes place
well after anything that's exposition
hmm absolutely a lot of set up
ridiculous payoff you need so so what
you need is is like the fur the first 10
minutes
is all is all of the scientists setting
up the world and setting up everything
right well you also do getting like
demoted and sent to this shitty base
because you know the actuals there's
actual an actual story I actually read
the manual before when you were eating
salad oh okay and you punched your
superior officer in the face because he
ordered his troops to shoot down
civilians oh okay and you put them in a
body cast and you you you got busted
down and sent to this shitty Mars base
oh well there you go
yeah boom so so the first twenty minutes
then is inter cut between them setting
up like working on stuff on the Mars
base some hell and then you a doom guy
doing his doom guy the teleportation
stuff isn't working quite right right
this wrench we sent through it came
through we have some really hot we need
we need this hell energy to the power
earth and you know all that all that's
done right and then doom guy doing basic
training doing some badass shit and then
that happens
yeah this is easy writes itself the only
problem is how do you keep narrative
going in such an action heavy game you
know do you dude reddit where you give
them a sidekick no no no there's no part
of the appeal part of the thing that
makes it such a good concept is the the
isolation sure last person left alive
but last person left alive like on the
fucking planet surrounded by demons but
you need something to keep the narrative
life so flashbacks I don't know or do
you give them like a do you give them
like a an AI something that guides no
you know what's something that it's not
for him to talk to you I don't think
ripping off halo is the solution well
like a Jarvis you know just like someone
someone for him someone to talk at him
while he shoots is what I'm saying no
doom guy does not get a love interest in
the movie no no
he kills and he's really good at killing
but we need something someone to keep
the narrative cohesive all right all
right that's one yep or do you give him
like a demonic voice in his head that
tells him to kill kill kill no and then
that demonic voice turns out to you know
to be Satan or whoever the the head boss
is and and he was trying to control you
but really just wanted to kill the whole
time anyway
I would have to give it some thought
when my brain isn't preoccupied
murdering everything the answer is I'm
not 100% sure what all those dudes go
they'll just abandon me he enslaves a
weak lame demon to guide him to hell
maybe I mean possibly the easy answer is
all the demons have to talk or all the
elbe demons can talk don't have to you
have to set up everything well enough
that you don't need to talk and the last
half of the movie to know what your what
this guy is trying to do what he's doing
and why he's doing it yeah but you need
breaks you need breaks in the action
it's not necessarily a good movie it's a
great premise the do movie isn't it's
not necessarily set up to be a fantastic
film okay yeah you're right no you're
right
he gets a pet rabbit Daisy and it's a
CGI animal but maybe it's actually a
reference to something is it well I
don't know what that means
maybe we'll sit maybe we'll see it Oh
pick up more than halfway there okay you
know I I saw I have seen the dimmer and
no I don't remember the DNA
speaking of I know some guys saying doom
guy X doom guy meets space cop the
crossover we deserve last night while
flipping through the channels I came
across the Fifth Element
so I started watching that with my wife
and we see the did you ever see police
fulfillment the the police officer parts
in it did you remember the outfits that
the police officers wearing it like the
big bulky dumb police costume with the
giant light and probably I'd probably
know it if I saw the top my head I can't
remember how they looked
we were watching in the police come on
and like they have these big dumb clunky
outfits and Lisa starts cracking up and
going there was it those this face cop
back face just like you have these giant
helmets that obstruct everything and she
just loved this she was like that
they're basically space cops and I was
like yeah I know and like all of the
cops were just lazy and want to shoot
everything okay I just remember the
remember the dong is the what dog dog
aliens bulldogs you kind of look to them
how they might I we just watched a
little bit of it and we ran into the
space cops and I thought that was
amusing I think your face is amusing do
you really I work on it I make funny
faces
thank you for
the Fifth Element was part of the
spacecraft universe all along I think so
I think so I spent you don't see it
often I think one of those guys did a
dodge roll
oh yeah that's another brutal doom big
noise yeah full auto full fuckin auto
way it's done jack it wasn't it's not
Chris Rock in the fifth element it's
Chris Tucker and I think he is
adequately annoying as that is his
character I have a soft spot for v
development I really liked about Chris
Rock has too much self-esteem yes that
is probably true
I love shooting place fucking love this
this space cop Cinematic Universe right
yeah here hold on for
yeah the space cops the space cops Thank
You Colonel Richmond must Colonel rich
Mustard Colonel must Richard musty
Richard
I really like I think a little bit
cheesy but I like the tone the fifth
element really makes me want to see the
Lucy which I hear is like a terrible
schlocky movie that's the one with yeah
with Scarlett Johansson which she gets
extra brain powers for some reason
doesn't have epilepsy it's just one of
those things where it's like I like I
like him as a filmmaker and I think he
makes I think he makes me wonder fish
along Lucy's just I I know people say
that but people also say that about the
fifth element and I love the film and I
have a very big soft spot for the family
are you fuckers did you die no no no
like I mauled a bit okay I tried to get
you Luke best song yes Luke best song is
the filmmaker flashlights luc besson
makes space schlock
he also made like an RT Joan of Arc
movie during his Angelina Jolie not
Angelina Jolie Milla Jovovich phase
Emilia agility before she exclusively
did Resident Evil movies jackass rich
about Romero's new games act like where
are you talking about
boom yes I okay we were talking about
the fulfillment yes he also made the
professional aka Leon which is a great
movie everything about that vessel
great man I think I realized it was
Splash Damage fine
it's a flashlight and yeah flashlight
look I be safe gotta be safe it's open
to shoot wear those goggles bright
without it they make everything look
bright but also ugly oh so so you did
not pick them unless I need them again
I'm not gonna use them okay
luc besson is currently making valerian
and the city of a thousand planets who
should have a lot of the same appeal as
the family pool that's all and he
produced district b13 which is a goddamn
action flex which is a damn good I don't
know what Oh partly that's probably
supposed to be district 13 not district
b13 all right what what's district b13
I'm thinking of district 9 see well it's
possible
we lost someone
I heard them scream oh should I pick up
the goggles no see
ugly everything yeah but you can see
really good in the dark okay because the
enemies are very highlighted oh there
you go
district b13 is a French parkour movie
oh okay why is that door not open Oh
what door
that's are open that's open now
can you kill your wings because you're
throwing up oh this friendly - chant
want me to shoot my Marines oh no I just
want it you know cuz like you know it
looked like you're ready to shoot an
enemy but one of your Marines got in
front of your gun was like hey I killed
one with a grenade I don't know that
I've ever managed to do it with the
gunfire okay hey rich
what what's your favorite weapon in new
doom I said you can judge your shooter
by the quality of the shotgun mm-hmm
the starting shot down the combat
shotgun very disappointing actually
there's a little bit uneasy when I first
started because in that shotguns I know
this is really weak oh I don't feel
powerful using this gun then you get the
double barrel mm-hmm
which fully upgraded is a fuck that is
that is everything the double barrel
upgraded everything that's good about
shotguns in games yeah I just missed the
chick-chick-chick
is far more satisfying than plunk shook
yes but it's pretty fast once it's
upgraded reload speed yeah on the
double-barreled so it's got the the
impact and the pacing I look for in
shotgun so that's a good shotgun okay
the new plasma rifle kind of sucks I
really did not like them applies it
stuns good I use it for the stun all the
time yeah but they just the or
buh-buh-buh-buh-buh yeah I don't like
that they don't call it a railgun with
the rel gun it's fun
oh the heavy assault rifle that was my
favorite with the micro missiles I got
the Zoomer is damn fine
but that that machine gun was so damn
satisfying yeah every time you pull the
trigger oh I just I loved using the
machine just the standard machine gun
felt fucking fantastic I I personally
liked the regular shotgun only because I
got the grenade upgrade for it and I
love love lobbing grenades
said enemies yeah that's just a punk
that's very satisfying to me I tend to
not favor things with Splash Damage yeah
yeah okay I don't know weapons killing
me it's very one of the very first suit
upgrades I got was like the no splash
damage suit upgrades but like just that
assault rifle the every shot felt like a
shotgun shot you know like every shot on
that assault rifle was
fan-fucking-tastic filled with monsters
nice
what else I'm trying to think of just
the other like I never used my minigun I
always forgot about my minigun until I
was out of life it's not a super good
minigun it takes way too long to get
started yeah and when it gets started
it's not great it doesn't do it for you
the turret mod oh isn't bad now it's
effective it doesn't for some reason
doesn't feel right though agreed
I can't put my finger on why I couldn't
give you a detailed breakdown I I really
like the rocket launcher I mean it's
it's a rocket launcher I'm like what
it's you pointed at something and it
blows up it's like it's super simple but
I I really like that so like most of my
time was spent between the machine gun
and the rocket launcher occasionally
moving to the shotgun so I coulda made
people exactly Lynch Lynch and rocket
launcher was it was a rocket launcher
that's pretty much yeah yeah they're not
especially special some people love them
I don't find them anywhere near as
satisfying is either a chain gun with a
rapper that's fun fun more fun than a
Jew I just loved you know I did the the
zoom in with my assault rifle and
headshot extra damage and I just love
just you know like flick off a demon's
head just like boom headshot boom
headshot boom headshot loved it
z-bone slaughtering everything I have to
do anything I want to see you guys
playing the classic quake one of these
days doing some quake multiplayer be
terrible never ever played multiplayer
so I don't have and I'm sure I don't
have the multiplayer skills I do know
that Spielberg is doing a movie called
The BFG I believe it stands for the Big
Friendly Giant yeah
but yes it is funny for anyone who knows
doom it is very funny that he is making
a movie called The BFG jacket rich what
other classic games would you like to
see get revived like new doom speaking
up we're gonna get back to that in a
second someone informed me recently that
the first two Earthworm Jim games are on
GOG we were talking about earth worm jim
the other day right and I think it might
be important that we play our friend Jim
okay down with that great great just
making that public that I want to I want
to replay earthworm jim to see if it's
still awesome okay so what old game
would we like to see get the doom
treatment which is basically what is the
doom treatment let's get specific here
what do we mean my my specifics my
definition would be using the old-school
mechanics with a new polish right
old-school sensibilities with a new
polish
another dude I hope you guys all die
before I get to the cyberdemon you guys
mucking up that fight right I'm trying
what I'm trying to think of now is a
game that I really enjoyed back in the
day that like cuz like Doom is also very
special because it has had modern
sequels that kind of mucked up the
formula so that's the extra tough part
why is that door closed I don't all
right
oh because movie says no matter the gun
remember what the wise man once said
that's why shoot him in the fucking face
thanks for the welcome and thank you
because me yes that's right
fucking face beam it up Chad is saying
Jedi Knight and Rogue Squadron maybe
it's tough I like you know I just wanna
see Jedi Knight with outcasts gameplay
Jedi Knight without Jedi Outcast
gameplay look rich he was running away
he was trying to get home to his ladies
I gotta shoot him in the back before he
gets away he was trying to leave
he says I'm out of here this is no I'm
no longer gonna be a bad guy I'm gonna
change my pop it's just some sick dodges
what's going on now oh I like your sick
dodges I'm down with these six guys this
is what I'm saying
nothing beats that fucking midair kick I
I'm waiting to relive the midair kick
and imp jumped at me Mike kicked him
away while he was in midair they're
saying x-wing they need to remake x-wing
yeah with with the old-school
sensibilities yes cuz they remade it and
they did it like rebel assault
wherever's just dumbed down it would be
awful but yes that'd be a great one the
next we're here at TIE fighter remade
with old-school sensibilities with
modern graphics alright get on it Disney
why are these hack frauds don't playing
why are these hack frauds don't playing
overwatch also known as the best shooter
of the year 26
suck my dick which does not like
multiplayer oh man I just don't care
about the games if there's nothing there
for me I don't I don't multi-play I have
played overwatch I enjoy overwatch
they'll probably scream it at some point
just not tonight because I hogged last
room and I felt bad about that I know
you were enjoying her so I was actually
happy for you okay well you know I'd
like to Jack seems so happy
I've really enjoyed eskers a lot I can
tell I I think about it like I think
about dusters when I'm not playing
I've optimized my command codes now I
know exactly you know you don't have to
type all I gather you can tell all you
need to type is GA space GA space AOL it
wasn't a sweeter kick since he didn't
die from the kick yeah oh you prick you
fucking prick
your guys messed up your glory kill I
weakened him in everything you son of a
bitch you're getting demoted they should
remake Friday the 13th frame yes I like
that game had a lot of interesting ideas
Friday the 13th
swapping characters and hiding from
yeah I do in glory kill interest is
interesting that was not a sick dodge
that was I got shot in the face too much
nuki I think you're right overwatch
community has already gotten obnoxious
with its pornography and fanfiction
that's all I know about the game it has
a very beat because the open beta lasted
for so damn long it already has a
ravenous community I'm already annoyed
by it yeah it's a very good game like
the gameplay is really solid and for
everyone who was waiting for like the
next class mazes multiplayer online only
shooter this is it it's great looks
great plays great a lot of good
characters but you know the community
makes that the community burns in what
is happening to the screen now oh I am
in a dark room well I also have
yeah it's kind of a visibility nightmare
unfortunately that's all that's all
right I'll I am really enjoying
overwatch so if I'm not to like get far
into it like I don't I have maybe like
six seven hours five hours I somewhere
in there but I'm really enjoying it so
far I like all the different classes I
like the teamwork Wayne Jarvis Winkley I
like that they incentivize they do a
really good job of rewarding people for
teamwork and there's a lot of like like
in raqqa truth there's a ton of unspoken
teamwork you can kind of just see what
your teammate is doing and be there to
help which is great David they've really
met they've really made a fantastic King
in that overwatch I think I got the
secret but it's kind of waste I don't
think I'm gonna need this well yes
teamwork in your team shooter I know
it's a crazy thought and you can tell
exactly like who's coming from like a
Call of Duty you can when you play
online you can absolutely tell who's
coming from a game like that oh that's
interesting
but it's great it's breaking fucking
irony you don't need a switch it's a
soul cube in there already I'm already
at the more than the max health a soul
cube can give me so okay
it feels like force teamwork and a lot
of games just automates the way people
play seem like without actually working
together you know it it's it's tough
because you need to you need to make
teamwork accessible but also necessary
and that's why it's you know the
rock-paper-scissors classes so you need
a wide variety of classes to counter
their wide variety of classes you also
need to make it chat less because not
everyone is going to chat and so you
need to make it visual
cyber jihad look at him he looks great
Oh keep together rich
this is insane oh well great I shot him
with eight guys the art style is kind of
cutie yeah but I really like that I like
that there it's not a realistic dark
shooter that it's bright colors and
interesting characters and cartoony
style everybody know it's a fine game
can you explain why you don't like
multiplayer aspects in games because I
might want to play a game years after
the fact long after the multiplayer is
dead
multiplayer is a temporary thing mm-hmm
doom I can play 21 years later and I
have to worry about finding those four
people who are still playing multiplayer
online doom again I gotta go to this
message board and give Peter Ron and I
play the game I turn Mario on ya and I
play Super Mario Brothers right you
don't need to wait for the server to
boot I have been kicked off of the
battlenet servers several times yeah
sometimes because my internet went down
sometimes just bad and that decided to
poof sometimes mid game and that is that
is very frustrating you've done it no
sorry
the hideous cyberdemon Lord that ruled
the lost demos moonbase has been slain
and you are triumphant but oh where are
you you clamour to the edge of the moon
and look down to see the awful truth
demos floats above Hell itself you've
never heard of anyone escape it from
Hell but you'll make the bastard sorry
they ever heard of you quickly you
rappel down to the surface of hell now
it's under the final chapter of doom
Inferno there you go I'm gonna get a
drink and then we'll play through
fucking inferno and hopefully I won't
die and I could say I had a doomed Oh
death room that'd be great yeah that'll
be great okay go get a drink I'm gonna
read some tips
jean-georges my mouse you should
probably charge your mouse you you don't
want your mouse to Diamond mid doom gee
bud dude it Jack do you ever watch beer
board games they've played a lot of
games you've mentioned on stream I have
not I have not same beard beer and board
games I know there's a couple like board
game like shows where people play a full
board game I don't I don't know if I
would necessarily like like watching a
full game I want someone to tell me
about a board game you know are you
gonna be back ribs are gonna be back
baby gonna be back my June guy voice
sounds a lot like space cop
that's my doom guy voice doom guy fuck
yeah doom guy yeah will Wheaton has his
tabletop game yeah yeah and table flip I
don't know anything too much about these
board and beer games have mister bucket
88 says did either of you play the
legacy of kain game Soul Reaver was a
favorite of mine as a kid not sure if it
holds up today that sounds really and
that jack me I do need a haircut my hair
has gotten a little too long I don't you
can see the stubble I need to shave I
need to shave no time no time legacy if
Kane sounds really familiar
legacy Kane soul oh yeah I played this
game I don't remember a damn thing about
it
I remember this cover and I remember
playing it and I don't remember a damn
thing about it what the heck happens in
this game legacy of Kane's soul reaver
this is a game that I had definitely
played but I can't tell you think about
it mr. bucket I'm very sorry very very
sorry
shave and a haircut two bits no what are
some of my favorite characters to play
an overwatch I will tell you after I
stand up see you rich stood up I should
stand up stand up yep done doing some
squats you can't see cuz I'm off camera
I'm doing squat squat squat squat get my
legs okay a little bit before I like
Roadhog as my heavy I also like the
dwarf who builds sentries I think he has
some neat weapons
I like the sniper lady she's fun I
really like her grappling hook I think
that's really neat reefer I think his
name is the guy the the the Reavers
really like they're all they all have
interesting aspects and once you can
figure out like their purpose on the
team each individual character can be
really fun to play which which is why I
like the game like you know there's the
the big guy with the shield and the
hammer and you think to yourself this is
a shooter this is a game where people
can hit you at a distance there's no way
I'm a guy with a hammer with a melee
only weapon is going to be useful at all
and then you find that right team where
you know you use your shield to block
your teammates and they shoot anyone
gets close he hit him with your hammer
it's great it's great great fun lot that
just each individual character is very
unique the lady with the ice who can
like slow people down and freeze people
I started playing as her and I hated it
I didn't understand it but then you know
you find the right team mixture where
you can slow people down and then Reaver
comes in with a couple quick shotgun
shots
if I were physically in overwatch I
would probably be the the person in the
mech suit because I can't I'm not very
fast or strong so that would be my class
but but I like she the the lady in the
mech suit has some really interesting
strategies where she only has one weapon
geology has a machine gun but if you get
into a pinch you can always you know her
superpower is setting her mech to
self-destruct and she can jump out and
do some major damage I have the most fun
playing as Roadhog I really like his gun
I like his scorpion grappling hook I did
spider-man so I have the most fun
playing as him but
I'm talking over watch while you were
taking a break okay but in any get the
point is each individual class after I
learned how to play as them has been a
unique experience and then you're
talking about playing the game how many
different characters are there 15
different ways and that's exciting that
is very exciting
can someone draw Jack and a skin-tight
outfit like diva
