Episode 580
Brutality (Episode 3)
July 19, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5729c2oSbVI
___________________________________________

can someone draw Jack in a skin-tight
outfit like DV now because because I
that's who I would be the the small
Korean girl in a mech suit yep yep yep
you you can't tell me names I don't know
all of their names so Zarya I don't know
who that is I have not liked playing as
tracer the the but gate lady the lady
whose butt broke the Internet she's got
but she's got it she's she's every woman
has a butt how dare she I don't like
playing as her mostly by just cuz i
don't get it i haven't played as her a
lot
she does these like warping powers where
she can like kind of teleport small
short distances so she's like fast and i
don't quite get it but but so far I've
I've really enjoyed a lot of Oliver
watch and I look forward to playing it
more rich woody why you looking at that
vagina
yes house full of vagina smells full of
a Jana's which one is made you can't
tell me names I don't know any of their
names yet sorry is the giant Russian
lady she's interesting I haven't tried
been trying to play as her more lately
just because her weapon set is very
interesting yes
man sweat no God what hate your hands
away yeah now you're looking at hell dry
my hands well enough that's my fault
and that's and that's my fault yeah I
have not played Bama battleborn though
you guys told me battleborn was a mobile
and I don't want to play no mobile Mei
Mei is the ice cream oh yeah I she has
some very interesting strategies I like
it like she can she has a power to build
an ice wall which doesn't hurt anybody
you know can't do any damage but it
could act as a shield or it can act as a
method to block your enemy's progression
so you can kind of force you know force
them into a tighter area so then someone
with like a grenade launcher like the
guy with the grenade launcher can easily
lob grenades into the tight area like
their strategy it's great it's great
did you lose it no did you lose it rich
get it back never should have never
should have went to the bathroom
never nope no hold it in it just makes
you twitch here young young bubbies you
don't need to fit into the community you
just need to enjoy the game don't worry
about fitting into the community why do
you need to fit into a community oh they
were joking Oh young Bobby says I want
to fit in with all this overwatch
community chat have you guys seen the
sweet hardcore rimjob hench I of tracer
there's apparently a lot of pornography
out there they just come out yeah not
important for nah graffiti hello yes
this is brutal doom Ivan Lee are you
running any specific model advisor other
than that it's just brutal to brutal
doom with the ultimate doom visor yeah
that gives me the heads up display I've
got that fancy fancy well I'm looking at
my visor and you can kind of see that
your face reflected yes green is dark
enough you can see you like your eyes
yeah the beta the end end it was an open
beta like not only has it been in beta
for a while it was an open beta which
means you know everyone has been playing
it maybe in hell you see things word to
your mother I can I don't think Blizzard
actually tried to crack down on the porn
I think they told people they were gonna
crack on an inch and then did nothing
because it's good it's good for their
bottom line to keep their families happy
so they probably like made a statement
like hey everybody cool it down with all
this porn based off of our characters
completely unrelated here's an easy way
to make custom character models do
whatever you want with them but hey lay
off those those adult images so how huge
right orange stray cat like here are
links to the porn that we don't want you
to watch here are the links right here
you watch that but already don't you
click on them I'm sure that's what's
happening
that's it just two - cackles I'll take
that we have not discussed hail Hydra
yet
I can't rich doesn't care which hasn't
been in the family book store in 20
years I did hear about it though so I'll
talk about it we can talk about I'm I
just don't care it's gonna be another
one of those it's gonna be so undone
just gonna rather than later yep yep
it's going to be incredibly undone I
just let's assassinate Captain America
scat different publicity yep no he was a
triple agent this whole songs bit the
face of everyone who liked this
character for some cheap easy money
nice I don't for those who don't know
you know you know in a reboot of Captain
America comics
it turned out that he has been an agent
of Hydra this whole time they actually
have murdered somebody on panel possibly
I don't care I'm not reading it I don't
care
nobody cares I'm sure captain Merrick
fans dude they probably care a great
deal
Jack spider-man is in Civil War because
his powers are particularly useful for
capturing people who need to be arrested
and without harm sure I I understand why
he's in the movie it's not a hundred
percent necessary that he's in the movie
and it doesn't take away from the fact
that it's it's a bloated movie with
that's two movies in a movie if that
happened in Avengers Civil War I think
it would have made a lot more sense
instead it happened in Captain America
Civil War as I discussed last time we
talked about Civil War there needed to
be two movies here Captain America the
Winter Soldier part two and Avengers
Civil War they could have fleshed out a
lot more ideas
there's the doom face now you can really
see his eyes we're good we're good good
one man in this trusty shotgun this
games about my guys doing this spoilers
discussion proper tonight yeah we had
our Civil War discussion I just don't
have much to say about I didn't even
remember most of the film at this point
thing where it's like it's fine it has
some flaws there's not there's not as
much to unpack as there one was and say
a Batman vs Superman she's she's H
Christ rich still dumb Jack long I'm
sure I'm wrong about a lot of things you
guys tell me so all the time I've got
those four as you guys know I'm a
horrible Marvel fanboy I so I think it's
alright I think it has a little war has
a lot of flaws
mostly it's two disparate storylines
that had no right being in the same
movie
let's all be honest here we are all much
more excited for the half in the bag
episode for a comic movie than the comic
movie itself you know sometimes
sometimes sometimes you just see a movie
so you can talk to your friends about it
and you know that's fine that's fine
you guys completely sick of pickle dick
Bandersnatch yet or will Doctor Strange
be another jolt of fun like ant-man or
guardians of the galaxy I worry that it
will be more ant-man than guardians if
that means anything it could be a fun
movie magic though is a strange realm
where it could be very boring I like I
like him as an actor cucumber Cabbage
Patch benedict cumberbatch they lady
boner
sandy pants but I've never cared about
dr. strange like you know I feel very
similar to dr. strange as I felt about
ant-man where I'd never cared about him
as a character before so I don't know if
I will care about him now you know right
so if it's a good movie that's great if
it's not it's no skin off my nuts jack
says hands afresh does the look or
setting of a game have a defining impact
on how you like it yes or a shirred
gameplay of paramount importance I find
myself rarely uninterested in anything
too flashy I you over watch the example
I've used before music you take Ninja
Gaiden yeah and all the ninjas and
monsters you fight and replace them all
with teddy bears and instead of sword
slashes it's it's you're blowing kisses
it's the same same kind of timings on
the attacks and everything you jump at
the same height you - at the same speed
but you're sending hugs and kisses
around instead of swords and blood it
could be kind of fun who did a different
way but it would it be the same game I'm
and you know my my direct comparison is
blood-borne versus Dark Souls 3
very similar gameplay obviously made by
the same company and I could not get
into Dark Souls 3 and I think a lot of
that had to do with the world and the
setting and I really enjoy horror movies
and so I loved the horror setting of
blood-borne and that got me over a lot
of humps whereas Dark Souls 3 didn't
have that for me it didn't have the the
blood it didn't have the hem you know it
didn't have what blood-borne had and so
I'm fired so so ya know it's I think
it's I I think it's partially important
if the gameplay is so amazing I don't
think it matters like to God himself
fucking shooting you all with my shotgun
Jack were there better motivations for
Captain America and Iron Man or were the
motivations for Captain America and Iron
Man better in the film than they were in
the Civil War comic no no the comic
raised the stakes a lot more you did it
you did it the comic book for anyone who
doesn't know the whole reason the
superhero Registration Act was enacted
was because a group of d-list heroes
accidentally killed like what a school
full of children kindergarten I think
yeah yeah they accidentally sent a villa
that they were going after a villain who
exploded himself in a kindergarten and
killed a bunch of children because the
villain who explodes himself exploding
exploded shockingly enough that was that
was the start of the Civil War comic
which I thought was wonderful it killed
all the heroes as well and and a bunch
of children and so then it was like
alright let's let's get it together but
the in the movie it was because they
exploded like a room of a hotel and like
12 people who were all delegates of
Wakanda and died
obviously they were they're bigger
bigger things that were happening
speedball survived oh it's been a while
since I've read the comics but in any
case I thought that that was much more
impactful and in the comic books and
that actually raised a question of like
what are these people doing probably if
you can't still kill the pinkies no I
can't but I love that you tried which I
love that you tried
I really like the Civil War comic it
I've control quickly yep I think I think
it did not end well the Civil War comic
but I really like the premise I like the
first trade the first trade is pretty
good
the nice that's so nice I lost a fuck
ton of help also like in the movie
something we've talked about before is
you know like each of them has one line
of dialogue to kind of make their
argument and that's basically it whereas
in the comic books there was a little
more back and forth
all right the books always better
let me read this hold on anonymous let
me read this story for so long trapped
if I go down here I don't know what to
do
armored all right still lost to the
health but I made a lot of it back rich
would you like to take a break and do a
dramatic reading of what this would you
be at all interested in doing a dramatic
reading what is this conference doom
repercussions of evil
John Stella Verne waited the lights
above him blinked and sparked out of the
air there were demons in the base he
didn't see them but it just but hadn't
expected them for years his warnings to
Colonel Johnson
what his warnings to Colonel Joseph were
not listened to and now it was too late
far too late for now anyway John was a
Space Marine for 14 years when he was
young he watched the space ship so he
said to dad I want to be on the ship
steady dad said no you'll be killed by
demons there was a time when he believed
him then as he got older he stopped but
now in the space station base of the UAC
he knew there were demons
this is Johson the radio cracker damn
you must fight the demons so John got it
his plasma rifle and blew up the wall
he's going to kill us said the demons I
will shoot him said the cyberdemon and
he fired the rocket missiles John plaz
made at him and tried to blew him up but
then the sea a sight ceiling fell and
they were trapped and not able to kill
no I must kill the demons he shouted the
radio said no John you are the demons
and then John was a zombie
okay too many flops I have no idea what
that was anonymous it's a reference to
some kind of really bad half-life fan
fiction I know that much is that what it
is anonymous wanted rich to read that
anonymous don't worry you don't need to
worry about any future any further
tipping you said it would tip more if
you read it but your initial tip was
good enough to read it
Thank You anonymous but I thought that
was a fine read English you can edit you
can edit that together I'm sure you are
the demon and then he was a zombie
it's a fine ending fine ending up fine
fine in them this new subscriber says
thank you for dancing monkeys so we're
here for that's what we're here for
you killed demons and dance I do not
know why don't you know because I I it's
I have not played this game very often
and I certainly when I played it did not
get all the way to help that that's for
sure what is this
Oh probably
I think obviously I'm the least familiar
with this particular episode of doom
well it's the last one you know like
absolute one I know like the back of my
fucking hand absolutely it is cuz I felt
I was a bad boy
oh yeah no point well I think that
wasn't but where's the jaw and then he
was and then you are the team no you are
the demon hey rich do this someone's
asking if you've ever read any to do
books yes the terrible first book is
really is really just like a level by
level description of the first game like
for some reason they took a game that
has no story and they decided to be
extremely faithful to it it's really
bizarre reading sounds like it you know
what it sounds like it
what is today today the 29th oh I don't
even know that was here
oh this randomly found another secret
all right
except I've expanded my doom knowledge
well congratulations on your doom
knowledge expansion Dora teleport door
door door was the right choice let's see
here
also I didn't thank Camille jaxa for
your tip thanks Camille
still find it still finding your to
continue doing that's what you're doing
very fortunate to have found so much
shotgun ammo hell rich do you have any
plans or want to see the Warcraft movie
no and I noticed I know so little about
the world of warcraft and then warcraft
is the thing yes that's better seem to
like thing that is literally the extent
of my knowledge Warcraft is a thing
the characters don't have big floppy
mouths immersion ruined
I have a very good friend who still to
this day I think it's like a character
animation thing I have a very good
friend who still plays World of Warcraft
to this day with like the same guild
he's been playing with for the past like
10 years yeah and I I'm very interested
in what someone like him thinks of the
movie someone who's like a huge Warcraft
person because let's see that's the only
people that move at this movies made for
right possibly you're gonna get some
like Lord of the Rings crossover because
it looks like a fantasy epic but can't
imagine there's gonna be that much new
blood coming into the Warcraft movie
have a plasma gun yet that's interesting
you don't have a plasma gun yet probably
I'm just sure there was one somewhere
and I missed it probably how that went
down
ready oh cool Ultima I I'm playing
overwatch and I'm liking it
never gets old what what I know someone
whose foot I know a girl who's played
Wow for 13 years and she thinks the
movie looks like that shit that possibly
fly Tina like it'd be interesting you
know like someone who someone who's a
huge Warcraft person and someone who's
just a movie person from the maker of
wait moon the guy who directed moon made
the Warcraft movie that's fucked up
that's quite a change of pace
mad SEC 5 this looks exactly like Jim I
don't know what you're talking about
this looks exactly like oh nice room
damn problem
you know what probably yes
and playing doom on why are you playing
doom on potato quality yep this is
exactly what happens when you turn the
the settings and doom down potato
quality I think it's just a joke because
you know the new doom I think was a high
res texture texture pack but I think it
looks like crap oh I don't want my doom
to look at fancy you I don't look like
doom no I think it was a joke right like
it like we were playing new doom you
think do you know I'm not and 90% I'm
not interested in think 90% rich can you
take the shot at 90% nope
okay what what's happening
thanks for being shot Hamza frosh it
says a F aik in today's games I don't
know what AFA are as far as I know in
today's games you can rarely get stuck
in a situation that renders it on
Windham winnable which iirc so many
acronyms society which iirc was quite
different in the past what do you think
about the absence of this mechanic
nowadays the question I posed to you
hens of Rush is was that a mechanic or
was that a limitation of programming and
lack of forethought
blade also not in vanilla do so what do
you think about getting stuck in an
unwinnable situation give me an example
that's very vaguely well you know find
like a like like in a Sierra text
adventure game you know if you didn't do
point A in the second step you can't do
point B in the fourth step I yeah I
don't think she'd be locked off like
that hmm
did you ever get to a point where you
can't win and just be and you should
know yeah yeah I can't think of any
games that's happened in other than old
adventure games well yeah that's that's
what came to my mind fall off a ledge
into a pit that you can't get out of I'd
unless that's a glitch I don't know when
that's happened I guess it's possible
but yeah I think it's we should be able
to load up one of your loot saves people
me well I think it's just bad game
design in general I don't think it has
anything to do with like an old way of
doing things right if you die you die
there's no exit you're not dying in the
pit that's bad design yeah the only
winning move is not to play oh they're
saying apparently doom had levels like
that really in the original doom where
if you can you could get stuck somewhere
never happened to me doom is an old game
again well here here's my question in
the game proper or in fan levels and how
would this happen I got no pants yeah
yeah well and really like it like I said
I don't think that was a mechanic I can
think of some pitch you can fall in mmm
well you couldn't get out but there was
some kind of like
coccyx waste at the bottom of the pit
you would eventually die they could have
made it quicker sure but it was
essentially just like falling into a pit
of lava oh you're dead right and then
you just had to be like oh I guess I
gotta wait here for a minute you have to
die sure okay I'm with you no I don't
want the drama classroom
close close quarters rocket launcher
Kendall not gonna happen a fistful of
metal since the original Halo had a
system of autosave that could lead to
being stuck where you would autosave on
a high up legend I can't get and you
can't get down that's that's auto-saves
problem yeah I'm a motive manual save
both both are fine manual and checkpoint
like autosave yeah but there's no reason
you shouldn't be able to manage your own
damn saves well and really it's not a
mechanic it was it was just a way that
they poorly designed games before they
knew better and hopefully we know better
now
back there actually back there right
let's go left that brings me back here
Oh guess they all do alright so what am
I supposed to do the go ahead on the
wall I don't I don't know got me rich
something supposed to open up they did
not jet saying anything about this but
oh sorry I stopped paying attention for
a minute I kind of fell off into a into
a zone of something else
ah let's see here cuz if you guys jinx
me by talking about getting soft locked
uh-huh then in here it happened a little
very upset now they still talking about
Warcraft movie
all right and I stepped on just the
right one hey guys
not mad six of five says hey guys I'm
studying hypnosis anyone hear a girl
is there any game coming out in the near
future that you are particularly looking
forward to that's come and gone so I
know you were really looking forward to
doom you know I had no expectations of
doom cuz I was not I was never a doom
guy yeah I was really looking forward to
overwatch and I'm pleasantly surprised
so as far as what's coming out next that
I'm really looking forward to no I have
nothing nothing next to you that I'm
looking forward to I know they said a no
man's sky got to lay it a little bit
which you know big game it's fine shit
happens
alright so no I have nothing nothing
upcoming that I I can remember off of
the top of my head I'm right now I just
want to play more overwatch like this
one more time in my day to play
overwatch let's see here traitor to zinc
to traitor
topped zinc says to answer your question
jack as someone who has played every
warcraft game since 1994 when I was 5 I
thought the movie was a service of
little bit a serviceable serviceable bit
of fantasy spectacle it's just ok ok so
that's a hardcore fan and they have not
impressed him ok
I like overwatch I think it's fun I
think it's good it's engaging it's
teamwork I like I like teamwork in my
team shooters so I gotta get the things
- traitor - to snitch snitch
thanks traitor - fin each niche niche
right there - Stan each of thud thud -
visas over watches the paul rudd of
video games so average yet
has a peel something something more than
average you know guts you've got that
spark overwatch it's got that spark just
like Paul Rudd it's pronounced Z okay
okay
Zink Zink apparently is one of the four
chaos gods and Warhammer well thank you
van dink chaos God in the warhead
where's that marina he needs to die so I
can grab his plasma rifle
uh-oh you know what yeah new pokemons
coming out I guess you're right so maybe
a little excited for that haven't
haven't really thought about it since
then I know I am rich on the other hand
is very excited about the new Pokemon
release familiar Maps
I'm assuming it's gonna lead to the
secret level normal I'm probably just
gonna take it Jesus boom-booms gonna
demon yep they certainly did and camille
JAXA thank you for your to get you rich
you need your murder hose where's your
murder Rose I was using it that was in
there just a fucking Power Cell and
demons and demons to shoot that's fine
don't forget about the demons
I just want demons Jack I want victory
No yeah kill 78 oh yeah I miss it so
much
it's fine it's fine we're almost there
the tip Boehner for some reason is not
showing up I don't know why sorry can't
tell you it's it's on it might just need
a a no BS restart which obviously we
can't do midstream so fucking deal with
him so but I'm seeing your tips and I'm
reading your tips I got it up here so
I'm sorry that it's not popping up and
saying oh my god might as well as doing
cat a crowd no I have not finished Dark
Souls 3 because I was not terribly into
it I got pretty far I'm gonna say I at
least got like oh nice
like 1215 hours maybe more 12 somewhere
at 12 to 15 hours is what I got Oh what
all right anonymous says are you guys
fans of the Resident Evil games and
hoping for an announcement for seven in
this year's e3 No Resident Evil 4 I
really liked and then you know that's
about it why do people keep thinking I
don't hate survival horror why is it not
something any dispelled by this planning
a new and they don't know baby I tell
you I was never a fan of like the
original Resident Evil's I hated the
whole fixed camera thing but I liked I
think Resident Evil 4 was fine
which aids right which aids oh yeah
there is there's a light fire crackling
knives in this level so I'm saying it's
moving on stage you're just pay
attention pay attention to the shotgun
that hole fixed camera it was I just
didn't I didn't care for it I know the
intention of the stationary camera in
Resident Evil was so you know add
suspends to make controlling a little
more difficult it's just not something I
cared for I get it
didn't care for it whoa where did you
come from
death hose landmasses gone so that llama
doesn't hurt me too much I wasn't gonna
jump but I didn't you didn't jump done
yeah yeah you're there and fucking dead
now you prick I like residue before I
though it was nice and fucking nice and
schlocky
very little very little out of oh oh oh
that's right the other side
yes a secret is revealed some of the
episode I finally fucking found a plasma
gun
well with my name
floaties
my rich is the floaty hence you know
them they got floaties in the heads
yeah we both enjoyed dead space
it's you know it was fun while we were
playing it it was it seemed like a good
game just not forever on the list you
know it wasn't my favorite thing ever
but yeah it was some brain injury was
enjoyable no just forever on the list of
things to play Reggie regimen rig neck
rig ik ringing ik says if there were a
space cop game what kind of game would
you want it to do besides of course I do
in comm snoop cone is what makes the
most sense to man for me it would be a
doom clone with only the BFG Hansa brush
in other news CNN reports that
scientists have discovered the largest
known sea sponge off the coast of Hawaii
no now isn't that something
that is something you guys like sponges
I do they're soft and funny-looking
thanks I'm fried it's weird but sure
that's great a large sea sponge
thanks for sharing what you need is a
doom clone with only the BFG and but
there's a there's a one-liner
score multiplier so you get a score for
as many guys as you kill right and if
you can choose the proper one-liner to
say after you defeat guys then you get
bonus points that's the space cop game
right there and kill the victor nice
work
latch latch Danone you guys great rich
as as a fan of thief
yeah what did you think of Dishonored
I need to play it okay I'm gonna go over
this for the 19th time I I started
playing it uh-huh back before I had my
new computer so it ran like crap ran
like what crap I was getting like 20
like realizes it was gonna make 20
frames a second uh-huh
so I just put it away and I might well
get to it some other day sometime in the
future and I gotta Braddock Peter I got
a cup no I just haven't gotten around to
yet we have to we have to play a lot of
games and that's not something that rich
wants to start on stream because it's a
game he thinks he might enjoy so he
wants to actually take some time and
learn it on his own before he has the
pressure of doing it live yeah and the
distractions you know what distraction
of talking to people well they even take
it in it's tough to play a game when
you're trying to have a conversation
when you're listening to other people
it's distracting look sorry I'm fucking
somewhere better find it before this
ability runs off or I'm fucked
there we go easy easy nice rich no death
run confirmed torah sages and i've been
doing
nice so far so far everyone
this isn't this has been a no death run
so far
the ball here
trolley rich hop on it kilmister says
spoiler alert dishonored is awesome oh
wow that's oh oh my god it's not over
fucking die
does this Sarah Chen says does this mean
Phoenix right most likely gonna be
played alone no we don't know do you
want to finish that at least that case I
want to finish it and I I'm definitely
more willing to try a new game on stream
than rich but no we want it right we
kind of know what this and now we know
yeah and we do need to finish that soon
don't need to be intimately familiar
just and then return to have bad streams
with games we're playing them just
completely blind I'm just trying to
figure out the controls yeah Rockman
yeah yeah yeah
booo-ya is so skinny eBay
looks like someone ate a shotgun shell
I'm just so close I know there's a lot
of people who were just great at this
game it's really a pathetic achievement
but it's still an achievement rich right
exactly chat like Dark Souls we remember
when we first tried to play Dark Souls
on screen and by the way and how helpful
you were now but you know that's that's
a game we probably may have enjoyed more
outside and obviously now we were more
into the whole Souls Bourne series what
do you do hit the switch something
happens I don't know what happens but
it's a wiggle what's called a harvest
cold I wasn't even swear to do Oh a
secret or if it was reveal rich yeah
we'll keep that nice Armour intact
before we fight the manor well sure
right at the end of this I'll do some
min maxing oh nice I don't think that's
technically maxing though I think I used
the term wrong but I don't care I'll do
what I want yeah sometimes the games
that I want to play our little boring I
know you guys did not like that drone
game maybe not the right game that would
that be a perfect game for a J stream
where I'll just I'll just play madrone
game I'll play Jessica and rich in jail
talk about shit there are certain games
that are really meant for a J stream
hey keep running somewhere obviously
right not possibly loan or art John says
if Jack played X come with an assault
character named rich Evans would Jack
finish the game with no deaths yes I
know I loved I loved the drone game you
know the only problem with the drone
game is I was too focused on it and so
then rich heads and do the majority of
the talking and that just puts a lot of
burden average which was why if we had
another talker in here it'd be perfect
just in the background very minimal
noise would be perfect for a for a
drowning out should be trying to talk to
me that's a good of obscure Swedish
horror genre no no but the chat would
love it
oh I've seen that obscure Swedish horror
drama
did you see the the sequel it was in
Finnish right now I'm doing demon things
nope I'm gonna wait till all the fucking
deer season before I go back to ex
country oh that's fair I'll wait it are
done and then I'll pick it up can't
forget to pick those up before I end
this level oh that's right J was in the
chat for the for Ford esker's yes the
dusters does look boring and you just
have to trust me when I say it's super
exciting and it's it's super exciting
for me
you guys might not find it as exciting
as I find it and I accept that because
people are different
oh did my mic turn off turn it back on
turn it back on everything's okay now
thank you
dusters look like geometry homework it's
so it's it's really hard for me to
articulate why it's so engaging but
every ship is filled with this
unspeakable unseeable horror and not
being able to see the enemy and not
being able to like react quickly maybe
that's what it really is is is the
inability to to dodge roll you know you
have to like type in a command code and
it's very clunky the clunky way in which
you have to react to danger is what
makes it so exciting to me photo VIII I
believe our plan this year is to
completely and utterly ignore III is
that our plan for this year sounds fine
to me great we're gonna have to watch
the conference we're gonna I think we
can if you want we can address news that
comes out sure if it's interesting news
sure did
rich has played a little bit of darkest
dungeon on stream yes and felt okay I
did I forget how you feel about darkest
dungeon to be honest I know I wasn't
super into the specific turn-based
combat they had
need a hazmat suit you know where to get
one
you know where to get one
oh no I don't it's cut off oh wait no
nope I can get these stairs I like those
student anyone says I like it when you
shit out of you three is it but by now
like we would just do another show where
we say yep wait till the game comes out
gameplay footage doesn't mean anything
anymore
it means chills well do you know we'll
do a stream about it we'll grab we'll
grab a fistful of paper with with the
news printed out on it and we won't have
to deal with the salesmanship Scarlet
Spider it was announced to Michael
Keaton was playing in the new spider-man
movie did you see it you hear that
Michael Keaton is in the new spider-man
Michael Keaton has been cast in the new
spider-man movie would you like to know
who he's playing Jay jonah Jameson he's
not playing gauge on with Jansen Doctor
Octopus nobody Fleming does he is
playing a villain I will give it no give
you that okay so now you have to guess
the villain that Michael Keaton would
play
keep villain he would play as I need to
concentrate on this game because I'm
kind of constantly on a timer right now
because I've got to wear the hazmat suit
sorry no no it's fine he's fine he's
playing the vulture yeah oh yeah I
forget he's old now no I swear to God I
forgot that I forgot that the man is old
ha ha yeah my team's up there today he's
playing the vulture so it's already been
announced and I mean Michael Keaton's
great actor so great it's great that
he's cast in the movie that I want to do
well oh yeah you did good zip all I know
is Marissa Tomei is that may than Joe
Pesci should be Uncle Ben as the girl
that's horrible Gloria is a fine joke
for Aunt May which to me is fine nice
words he works Peter Parker's only in
his teens and wouldn't be that old right
Aunt May does not need to be a frail old
lady I prefer it when Aunt May is not a
frail old lady
just trying to save bullets yeah nice
nice
I was the other person that made was
Peters great-aunt or something no just
his Aunt May oh that was really easy
yep just Aunt May that's it and she
doesn't need to be an old lady do know
death does it is it congratulations
rich Evans doom no death run brutal doom
not so brutal after not as brutal as
rich Evans the loathsome spider demon
that masterminded the invasion of the
moon basis and caused so much death has
had its ass kicked for all time a hidden
doorway opens and you enter you've
proven too tough for Hell to contain and
now he'll at last plays fair for you to
eat that for you emerge from the door to
see the green fields of Earth home at
last you wonder what's been happening on
earth while you were battling evil
unleashed it's good that no hell spawn
could have come through that door with
you and there's the pet rabbit
oh no actually that's the pet rabbit
that's great
so he's doomed to like here yes oh
that's great that's funny
thankfully there's there's another it
was added on after the fact there's a
fourth episode to do one but I'm not
gonna play that sure that's great you
did it you did it that I did that I mean
that's horrifying
the the bloody bunny head right there
it's so appropriate though for do in
this whole incredibly yes yes incredibly
incredibly appropriate and it's it
worked out perfect my stand-up timer
just went off okay so we we should
probably thank everybody and call it a
call anyway oh that sounds fun
that's fine that sounds fine that sounds
like fine and fun if you have clever
names it's always fun though it's funny
I save that it's fine fun uh let's keep
it on the bunny okay then we're gonna
have the bunny in the back look at that
bunny what about this the music jasmine
as we thank it well once you click over
won't the music turn off oh that's true
yeah alright
safe drove 20 fucking months in a row
and just to spare the confusion because
we've we've had this issue with the
YouTube yeah yep they don't know why the
fuck we started screaming people's names
at the end of the stream which doing a
little bit of me likes a little bit of
me like that we are we are begging
people who have subscribed while we've
been playing the game tonight yes like
much like Sagan 1 2 2 0 for 16 months in
a row has subscribed to us mud run stew
91 13 months in a row Biffen bridge 9
frosty snooze 22 fucking months in a row
and rail means rail 15 months in a row
oh the real Quaid 19 months in a row
also we we only get these notifications
if you subscribe or Reese absque ribe
during the stream if you started
subscribing to us off stream or like on
a Friday line yeah then we put you know
these are these only our subscribers
during the stream so heads up so
otherwise we don't know the real Quaid
lack Danone hens afresh it's fish bus 17
months in a row mr. bucket 88 tera both
eyes out ex Mensa 23 fucking months in a
row so did you like hit in the head and
become dumber and sometimes I had to
kick you out how do you become expensive
yeah yeah you started you start getting
senile you were you were Mensa member
and then all of a sudden you're like you
know what guys I kind of like the Big
Bang Theory
get out right now
yeah get out right now hair Tetsu
sixteen months in a row lendo was taken
20 fucking months in a row
Walt Heisenberg 20 fucking wants in a
row low sorry
I started looking at something else they
are
Caesarion farts 13 months in a row
ragged scribe i bone badger 22 fucking
months in a row paper space 21 fucking
months in a row
the Irish nerd on twitch fleshy patch 20
fucking months in a row fruit pie the
magician Master Kenobi double-oh-seven
twenty four fucking months in a row
fisted by dope smoke 18 months in a row
skeletonbill can our cannon work can an
orc
Huggies snuggle
sausage toes 17 months in a row Jay kid
oh wait
space Jack 2084 thank you all for
subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we really do it's really true
all right yeah I don't think we have
anything clever to do so all right good
night
