Episode 585
Mirror's Mirror on the Edge (Jack Solo)(Part 1)
July 25, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Mzmq0qBe_A
___________________________________________

hello hello hello it's quite possible
that I'm streaming we will see in a
moment if it's true I started down I
won't believe I am screaming that's
great
I started to play you know just turn on
Mirror's Edge and the cutscenes started
already so I figured I'd let you guys
see the cutscene - hi everybody I dig
neutral hi beefcake hello Xena pedal
hello hello everybody hello everybody it
is a Jack solo stream tonight as rich is
on vacation all week so you get me and
we are going to play some mirrors edge
we started I was in I was in prison
that's what you missed so far as I was
in prison and I'm about to be released
that's so I can only assume that the the
game is about to start I don't I don't
know anything about it someone was
asking earlier if I played any of the
for the first Mirror's Edge and I played
a little bit of it I think everyone
played like the first level was I think
the demo was very popular but I don't
think anyone actually bought the game so
are we skipping cutscenes yeah you know
we'll see we'll see what it has to offer
yeah rich is always searching for that
juicy Shack meet the toii is on aye aye
that's actually what took me so long
tonight is I had to download beefcake
your newest 2.0 Twatter and as you know
that requires like you know getting the
the chat token and all that fun stuff so
I had to set that up with it is setup it
is working tonight I see the viewers
going already
I see the chat lottery is activated we
are good to go I will skip these
cutscenes but I'm I'm here okay Oh a
minute already seeing that now like I
need to go into these options because
like I invert I always invert I'm
playing this on the xbox one I like my
controller to be a little more sensitive
then I guess we'll see hold on
speakers have music great gameplay
options subtitles great yeah everything
looks great
so here we are okay inverted when I was
i I always invert inverting makes a lot
of sense to me
Oh oh crap okay okay don't don't run
into that guy is there no oh oh oh I'm
not out of prison yet that's what's
going on that's what's going on do not
try to antagonize the guards oh here we
go I'm almost out of over the food dome
was who said that someone is calling to
me
hi everybody hi I can I didn't like what
I like I
I like inverted it works for me
inverted works for me where am I
supposed to oh okay this guy looks like
a douchebag
look for the color red right
whoa whoa Baba Yaga laga says The
Witcher 3 blood and wine is out there is
there a chance you'll be checking it out
not what the heck is this what could I
turn that hood off or is that just like
oh yeah you want a wide you want a wide
field-of-view a widest okay hold on hold
on
I think this is a joke this has got to
be a joke can I take these off this is
horrible
oh I'm gonna I'm gonna cut scene now
this the exactly this is that was a
space cop joke that was an exact joke
okay here we go
let's button oh okay first person
parkour left button is jump that is very
weird
what oh did I do it did it
sometimes it's hollow red sometimes it's
definitely hard for me too Oh X is light
attack okay
I go through the done' oh okay ex again
great did you do
follow the runner echo what
whoa
what that was weird
okay okay I'm understanding what's
happening now so bumpers jump trigger is
slide bumpers jump and hold to crawl and
triggers slide hold and you do like a
woo jump alright I'm getting it and
bumper to jump and you just
automatically grab onto the red stuff I
think that's like the hardest part in
games like this is you're not you're
never quite sure what the game does
automatically and want the what you
should be pressing
what
Oh Oh whoopsie like Oh left left trigger
oopsy
there we go
I'm understanding I'm slow I'm just slow
I know what now a Yeti is gonna eat
jackets possible my beat my the game
does everything automatically just hold
forward I don't think that's true you're
beat display has finished camper name
press down on right
oh no no by the way you definitely have
to press a button cuz I just died so
we've solved that problem
yeah Bona number I am checking in on the
stream every once in a while I just
trying to learn the game you're trying
to learn the game too I think once I get
a little more comfortable with the game
I will I will be able to check in with
the oh okay what was I supposed to do
there I'll be able to check in a little
bit more and yeah this is the tutorial
I'm supposed to this is where I'm
supposed to learn and fail right means
jump
you have to purchase quick turn
tips Oh trigger right tips might be
functioning might not be functioning
they
I just don't know I just don't know hold
on everybody hold on everybody I will be
back momentarily I have to pause for a
moment
you
you
you
Hey I was I went on vacation for a
little bit sorry about that there was a
big insect in our house and I was tasked
with killing it and very very sorry
about that let's go back to the game
let's get back to it
exactly I was downloading DC Universe
Online now where where was I yes
I'm in the oh no we're even I have to
remember oh okay I'm gonna
left bumper left bumper what
I was fixing the tips am I missing tips
I have I have the the stream tip alert
her right here in front of me oh and it
is just not updating okay hold on I'm
sorry let's let me get to some tips here
at EGM 407 says I was unemployed and
depressed and you guys helped me through
it I am working and doing well
knock on wood there we go thank you good
on yet you fucks ricey cake says hey
Jack - for a longtime listener
first-time caller did you like the
division I actually did not play the
division so I'm sorry
and then TNG after dark says hey Jack
thank you for the stream I have two
finals tomorrow and I'm slacking
horribly by watching this I hope I don't
fail because of this TNG after dark you
stop watching this right now you stop
watching this right now and study for
your finals there are some things oh
there we go okay like off the wall there
are some things what weapon did I choose
to kill it I chose a tissue oh yeah I
chose a tissue and I smooshed it I
smooshed it and it made a horrifying
cracking noise it was like a beetle of
some kind
and it made a horrifying crunching noise
stealing okay and left button hold and
trigger demand softly great okay nice
you know what rich would have let it
live and I don't care I am NOT rich and
I kill bugs I kill bugs
I am I am an insect killer
I am an insect killer and I'm okay with
that
did you kill with the shotgun no you
can't shoot at insects you're gonna miss
you know the first one had a very simple
art style and you know I have not played
enough of it to talk about the art style
of this one at all
rich does rich if rich can if rich can
help it rich does not kill bugs
what
Oh oopsie
teaching me how to play the game
teaching me how to play the game that is
the name of the game here just this guy
you know says I'm out of town for work
perfect opportunity to stay up late and
watch me play games can I get it
can I get a in this time I'll do it up
data doppler when you see your gross bub
got a dad it up need to change a light
bulb dad it up who's gonna mow the lawn
dad it up dad it up Dada Dada Dada Dada
it up Oh
I've slid into something and and I
failed
combat nope nope not that way
Delon using lots of pawns dad it up
Papa Jack does not like to dally what
you want to continue or retry visitorial
let's continue let's continue this game
I you know this is the whole shtick of
this game is that there is no third
person perspective that is just the
entire stick so no I don't believe it
needs a third person perspective Oh
whoopsie what did I do
I missed something
okay
who's a fool he was here with me who's
both of me
Oh
peace out suck a duck just one oh okay
just one kick that time okay not nailing
the combat I'll be honest with you not I
don't feel like I'm doing great but
that's okay that's okay I'll learn nope
nope nope nope oh no no God did I play
Mass Effect or Mirror's Edge one I
played a little bit of mirrors mirrors
edge wand I can always turn off the
paths
if yeah I kind of agree that I also
don't know you know what that's exactly
what I did last time is that exact move
that got me killed
I'm not playing this on pc i am playing
this the Xbox one so I don't know what
settings your fuck fuck fuck fuck
ha Bona number one did
did I ever play startropics for for the
nes super dodgeball did you get the
small I I haven't been in the whole
add-on this week because rich yeah
because I've been streaming from home so
I haven't been in at all so I did not
see that you know what I want to I want
another channel
I want to let these guys beat me because
I want another chance to take them out I
don't like that
by changing the highlight setting to
classic I will look into that although
I'm gonna I'm gonna mess with the
settings here because hold on let's
let's mess with the settings a little
bit runners vision oh I could just turn
my runners vision off that could be nice
let's see if that does anything
character let's see what happens if I
just turn the runner vision off let's
see how let's see how I fare with no
runners video
now you know I feel I feel like I
handled that better but not perfect you
know okay let's see if we can do this
this time yeah I did it
Oh at least I did it that sounds like a
tip that was written with line breaks
but gotten lost yes oh oh shit
Oh what happened what happened what
happened so I've never know I never
played super tropics for the NES I did
hear that have recently came out on the
they just recently released that for the
for the digital console
okay so now that my runners view is off
I do feel like I'm a little like I'm a
little more in control of which
direction nope I think it deleted my
punctuation sorry Bona number this this
thing is weird
the the stream tip alert or sometimes is
weird I know there's a character limit
and sometimes it's weird this is the way
my last time maybe I just missed
something hold on this way now we're
here
okay back at it I actually do feel a lot
better
without the without the red line telling
me what to do
now it feels like I'm actually doing
something in the game the audio is a
little ahead for some reason oh I must
have messed up my my mic I will try not
to talk about anything that happens in
the game too much in order in order to
reset that I'd have to stop and start
the stream which I don't wait
Brenden ran ran ran there's audio
I am shockingly not getting motion sick
I don't know if you guys mine out it was
2 to 3 seconds ahead of the game on I'm
sorry
and the game audio is a bit long I can
turn that up at least I can turn that up
for you I can't even hear though the
game audio well we can we can definitely
do something bout the game audio I do
have a very noisy controller and the way
my microphone is here my controller is
literally right underneath it
so a focus shield what
fill my focus shield how does one
fill my focus shields
I'm attempting to fill my focus shield
oh come on
we're gonna we're gonna have to start
messing with these controls a little bit
oh hey I do it did I do it steam
controller is cheaper than X bone
control and that's a good control oh no
no that there's and and now that I have
the the frankly ridiculously
ridiculously expensive
Xbox one pro controller this pro
controller is one of the greatest
controllers I've ever I've ever held
this over dude I just running oh oh hey
whoopsie guys I I glitched the game I am
stuck I'm stuck right now I am can you
kick me out of here
he he he stuck me in the game is it
tender juicy Shaq me I don't know I
don't know if if it's worth it I mean to
me it is of course for me it's like a
business expense and I play games all
the time I think it is one of the most
perfect controllers I've ever held in my
hands and I'm stuck I'm stuck in the
game I I mean I need to I I need to Wow
Wow so yeah I guess we're gonna play
uncharted for now I guess they were
thinking like who's gonna who's gonna
try to wall run when someone is is
already running up a wall but you know
like it looked like my friends were
trying to have run up the wall so I
wanted to run up the wall to actually
really oh maybe they can fight my way
out now how do you use your force shield
does anyone know how to do that well I'm
gonna send a little message over to EA
there let's reload that checkpoint that
is what you call a bug absolutely
whoops the dupes yes I really want to
reload from the last checkpoint add us
kurz can be ready to play later
overwatch is on this Xbox one we can we
might be able to play that one later
Xbox one pro controller is fifty percent
more expensive than the 2d s system with
two games I believe it but I am not
exaggerating what I'm telling you that
this this is the the most comfortable
controller I've ever put in my hands the
adjustable height for the sticks the
added flappers the everything about this
controller is beautiful I don't know if
it's worth it though like I said if I'm
skewed because one I play games
constantly and for me it's a business
expense
should we try it again so we try to do
it again see how to get stuck again
there we go
we're not gonna we're not gonna fight
around that too much
we're not gonna fart around with that
too much I do want to see if I can slide
through this fan because that would be
awesome
whoopsie okay well my supposed to go now
this way
whoopsie dupes Oh what happened is I got
chewed up by the fan the Xbox one pro
controller it does come with a actually
a very nice sturdy USB cable so it can
be a wired controller yeah so you don't
need to run about batteries but every
controller comes with a USB port so it
can be a wired controller can't really
can't kick the mannequin you know I like
messing around with stuff here and there
not letting me
they're just not letting me you know
know yeah a lot of games that I a lot of
games I'm choosing to play an Xbox one
just because of the controller I love
that I've always loved the Xbox
controller Xbox 360 was my controller
button but now I got this pro and it is
beautiful
okay Robert Z
Robert Z dar Wars Robert zidar wars says
mostly just want to hear Jack say my
twitch name for a giggle thank you
robert zidar wars I appreciate that
always good for a giggle no I did not
get the wireless PC adapter the wireless
PC the after for the pro controller is
another 30 bucks and my my computer is 2
feet is like a foot and a half away from
me at all times so so yeah cutscene do
we care about the cutscene do we care I
mean obviously not this game is very
European
don't consent Mia greeting okay I'm yeah
I'm skipping I'm sorry there is that
package waiting for me yeah yeah let's
catch up later
shit excuse me
we're back at you little package
what this
that affects my Neelie Kroes shock for
controller well I can purchase new
upgrades okay okay points
okay yeah upgrade combat points I can
increase damage oh I have to purchase
something right now I have to purchase
the beat map what if I didn't want to
purchase the beat map why is every
environment the inside of a modern art
museum young boobies that is a fair fair
question
go talk to Birdman okay that is where
we're gonna go we I gotta go over here
and talk to Birdman I do kind of love
this city though that looks gorgeous
that looks great
alright Kinetico that just looks
gorgeous
I've been xate zero-zero says here's a
tip for dealing with Mirror's Edge
catalyst so I don't have to you know
it's one of those things it's the
popular game I I know the the the first
Mirror's Edge kind of received a oh wait
how do I you know received a bit of a
cult status skill role well that's an
old live trigger close to the point of
impact right trigger during a slide to
roll out of it quickly that could be
useful purchase the quick turn very
useful what are these costs
I mean just think you know he wants its
increased damage oh sorry I'm just
reading stun advantage great okay no
that's fine
all right let's let's uh let's get
moving let's get this show um I gotta
figure I know how to get out of here now
how do I leave the building how do I
leave the building this way
it's probably this way I get over here
again okay I'm gonna figure it
oh wait I have a stairs that is how I
leave the building we're gonna do it are
we gonna do it I really thought I was
gonna make it that time really really
thought I was gonna make it very sorry
if you're just figuring out how to land
the role you did not know I did not play
I I feel like with Mirror's Edge one
there is uh but also the the land role I
don't have yet I have not up upgrade
whoa oh my god that is disorientating as
hell you can do circles you can do
circles try it again I'm not going to
try the fan again all right let's go oh
who you who you cut talk to you okay
you give me someone on the roof who I
can't kick in the face I think that's a
little upsetting I'll be honest with you
henchwoman henchwoman this game makes me
want to shop at H&M; and you know it's a
little modern that's fine okay we're
gonna we're gonna run around a city this
is kind of awesome new objective that's
me
that's Birdman I should meet up with
Nomad don't you think that's me I mean
he's my old friend I should probably go
meet up with him where is he he's over
this way let's go do that
we hey man his face looks messed up ya
solo stream tonight rich is on vacation
rich is on vacation this week it's very
it's very it's very off-putting I'm used
to it you know I see rich all all the
time and it's been it's been a while
since I've seen him oh I mean I guess
it's been a week it's been a week since
I've seen him open world equals
immersion right
I was not paying attention I was
watching the chat but we got boxes now
or something all right
yeah we'll go check collector chip all
right let's go collect a chip see what
that's all about
oh I thought I rolled should have rolled
shit a rolls where were you guys on that
one
fish islands yeah I find it a little
easier I like though with the wider
field of view I feel like it's a little
bit easier to see what's happening
alright let's start a mission by
collecting control trips ok great
no rich actually went went down to see
Karen Murray so riches is actually on
vacation I'm on the roof don't worry I'm
all about being on the roof
boom steel control - great I don't know
what I did will fuck hunker down on all
the roofs
what wait why didn't you fail
why did mission fail left right
first of all I was so on top of that
I feel what what why you have to jump
off the roof I think I think you killed
the guy I don't think I'm killing anyone
stumble oh I'm supposed to stumble the
protector into the protector
there we go
see I had to I just had to do that one
specific move that's what they wanted me
to do they wanted me to do the one
specific move Hey all right come here
now they want me down there your attack
interwoven they want me to specifically
backwards dodge the game wants me to do
what it wants me to do I know
the comment is tough and like I get it
they want me to learn the combat I wish
I wish it was a little more natural but
that's fine
there
oh it doesn't
wow that's fun he actually blocks my
light attacks okay
kick me in the balls yeah all right now
found it oh there's a pipe okay I can
get up there I can get over there this
is totally my fight totally my fight if
I can figure out how to get down there
nope nope too far down too far down
whoopsie whoopsie
oops
most games should teach the combat the
way blood-borne did yeah you know
obviously that works for blood-borne but
okay here we go
the tough part about this is you know
they're trying to do multiple things in
the game movement in combat all in the
first person which is combat in the
first person is a tough ask anyway melee
combat
oh I keep forgetting what button fight
is now I gotta go talk to Birdman now
i'll go for it i'll look for relays
later I want to go talk to Birdman okay
I do need to get good also that is very
true Jackie I should have done that soft
landing let's see here Alfonzo Sparkle
that says hey Jax
since you like They Might Be Giants have
you ever tried any John Flensburg and
John line now solo work unsupervised is
fun it's fun to steal and state songs or
albums worth checking out I have heard
state songs and it's very it's very John
line now I guess I can you know what I
have the control chips I should deliver
them I should it's fine you know
it's no I like the team I like the team
I've actually never heard any of
Landsberg solo stuff only line Elle's
state songs I heard back in the day and
fell in love with I don't think I
haven't heard in a while but you know
back in the day I was just I just wanted
more how do you do the role again I
talked to have to hold down both to roll
don't understand ooh what's that yeah
steel control chip
more control trips
nope
they roll how do you roll you need to
deliver the control chip said oh I just
want to deliver these things
is X
whose x4 traversal
Oh
oh that's neat hey I thought it turned
you off hey runner I definitely turned
you off
okay
that's not what a runner vision is
what's runner vision
okay that's steal control chip yeah I'm
Kona Birdman it's not playing I don't
care about that
and I feel like this is not the way I'm
supposed to go nope nope nope nope
oopsy doopsy whoopsy dupes runner vision
is the red thing that runs I don't know
that's what I would assume runner vision
is I think runner vision is the thing
that highlights the things you can
interact with and I turn to that off but
I guess I assumed that included the
thing that runs in blue not okay so not
that way
oh here
Oh what wait okay gosh but somebody fun
flub oh I see okay I see I see it's
going on here I get it
I'm done with the sickness you got to
get up to get down with the sickness yes
Richard and I should probably stand up
and go by oh my god is it time to stand
up it's it's probably time to stand up
thank you everyone for reminding me to
stand up I'm gonna do that right this
moment I'm currently standing up
stretching my legs
quick squat you can't see because I
don't have a camera quick squat
also they that ice you hear clanking is
just iced carbonated water I have I
don't have a tasty adult beverage with
me tonight
oh I thought
Wow get down with the sickness come on
get down with the sickness hey they're
garbage
oh I think I will pick up the thing
this is kind of great I mean it's kind
of beautiful I do just kind of want to
run around for a little bit I think I
can do that who's sorry to muck up your
solar panel
okay it's oh it is Steagall season I
know it's steagle season and I'm
stocking up on gin okay we're skipping
that cutscene goodbye get to and
complete
yeah my voice is a little ahead of the
game footage I I miscalculated I could
because I'm running the game on my xbox
one I have to send it through an al gato
capture card and that has a delay to it
and so then I need to purposefully delay
my voice and apparently I if my voice is
ahead of the game then I did not delay
my voice enough so next time I need to
delay my voice more oh I totally
remember I totally realized what I did
well you know what it's been long enough
now actually it's been an hour
here's what I'm gonna do I'm gonna I'm
gonna stop the stream and start it again
to mate to stop that from happening so
while I wait for this - I will be right
back I know what I did I set my voice to
fourteen hundred milliseconds ahead when
I should have sent it to fourteen
hundred milliseconds negative but it's
it's negative fourteen hundred
milliseconds right not just fourteen
hundred delay that's that's my doctor
doctor chug but much what do I have to
say it for negative 1,400 I think all
right so I used to Train Makoto
hold on doctor doctor chug but mod we're
gonna need some more gigawatts up in
here
I know classic Jack wanna listen I want
to see okay I'll be back
