Episode 588
Steamworld Heist(XCOM but for Jack)(Part 2)
July 28, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BlTglisQCjg
___________________________________________

there's some plot now you gotta get it
getting rid of that plot
all right it's close enough to stand up
time I also need to use the bathroom so
I'm going I'm about to use the bathroom
I will be back momentarily I suppose I
did I don't need to pause the game
not-not-not baiting you rich but did you
consider the reaper plot and mass effect
a cliffhanger at the end of one there
are different levels of cliffhanger that
was that was more like like a 1950's
movie where at the end they said the end
question mark it wasn't a very it wasn't
a very strong cliffhanger pretty much
all of the plot points they raised
during the game were resolved and they
just got a say at the end
well maybe the Reapers are still on the
way and we're going to be on the lookout
for them so it wasn't it wasn't really
leaving you hanging
you know what I sock bun I I can't
imagine Jack with hair either and I've
seen Jack with hair before it's been so
long that I can't I can't picture it in
my head
chicks chicks quest legit doom clone LOL
I don't know that sex quest was a doom
clone I think that was a flat-out doom
reskin where it's the same monsters and
level design just with different
pictures and sounds but I could be wrong
yes yes the Star Wars Episode one review
does feature Jack with hair so you can
check that out
watch the mister plugin episode for one
review not one does he Jake with air
sex quest had different levels okay I
didn't know that
I thought they basically just took doom
episode 1 and reskin the whole fun thing
but I'm wrong and I like what is my
favorite M night Shyamalan film Chanel
William Shyamalan film the success like
it's the only answer you can give to
that question I have the new Wolfenstein
games if not kind of rounded and I have
been busy I have been busy unbreakable
unbreakable is no 6 cents look if I if I
want unbreakable I'm gonna watch the
unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt
the question is how does the sixth sense
of work if if the sixth sense were a
later M night movie when he already knew
that he was the twist ending guy how
would the sixth sense hold up Jack Jack
this is important all right but after
long I have to hold on I have to hold on
Jack Jack Jack all right would with the
Sixth Sense have been a good movie if it
were one of the later M night movies the
exact same film it just came out after
like all of his other ones no it
wouldn't
Jack thinks that's a good question in
the meantime I'm going to read Lord Baal
months
it's if your Lord balances they really
ruined half-life 2 with those episodes
one I don't like episodic games two is
left at a cliffhanger the ending of
half-life 2 would have been fine with
the with Freeman put back in stasis by
the g-man there you go
cliffhangers still do them cuz then they
don't get resolved and then fuck you
everything okay
so six cents is some fine filmmaking yes
it's a fine fine movie it's really it's
it's in fact a really good movie yes yes
the problem is like so it's it's it's
good filmmaking and then it has this
spark that makes it that elevates it
right which is the twist ending and you
know it has a twist ending and I hope
I'm not spoiling it for anyone and so
here's the problem if it would have been
a later Shyamalan movies later Shyamalan
movie everyone still would have known
that he's the guy with the twist ending
and so instead of paying attention to
the good filmmaking they would just be
trying to figure out what the twist is
instead of just enjoying the movie which
is what his problem is in general here's
the question how predictably is that
twist if you're looking for it where
does the likelihood of you actually find
it know there's gonna be a twist you
don't know exactly what it is do you
discover it was that's a good question
I didn't figure it out did you figure I
wasn't looking for twist right hmm if
you're not looking for it but but or if
you are looking for a twist I don't know
okay I guess I guess it it would
probably still be a good movie it just
wouldn't be like The Sixth Sense it
wouldn't be the movie were there any
real hints he was dead yes
yeah ton at the time I saw it for the
first time I thought it was really odd
that the mother never acknowledged I
thought that was odd of course and the
wife ignored him like he has this
distance from every wife I got that
there was a distance thing going on that
might not have that might not have
clicked right but I am when I watched
the first time and he's just sitting
there awkwardly in the room with the
mother this is really weird yeah so
there was a hint you know what but it's
good it's still good filming you found a
way to weave the twists into them into
the fabric of the movie and I need to
rewash them what are the mother fighter
psychiatrist can she afford him in home
psycho yeah I thought was really that's
great that's great I wonder I wonder if
there's anyone who hasn't seen this
exercise that's beyond is beyond spoiler
warning territory but like I I wonder if
we can if we if if you could find
someone justice guy you know says yeah
unbreakable they live damn it it's a
miracle
unbreakable then females are strong as
hell fuck yeah unbreakable kimmy schmitt
fucking amazing show hyleri it's the
show that found a way to take a snobby
socialite bitch
and make her an interesting likeable
character which is an accomplishment
that uh what's-her-name Kirkman whatever
whoever that actress is I enjoy her
she's great in that role but I mean
everyone everyone in unbreakable Kimmy
Schmidt is great what a great show
Netflix killing it all over the place
just killing it oh oh this has 3d yeah
yeah of course I'll 3ds games have 3d
but like the 3d in this is really weird
yeah it's a bit I just keep the 3d off
Jane Krakowski Jane Krakowski thank you
thank you dick neutral and probably
possibly other people above that that's
what I said she's great
it's messed up
I'm sure it's always messed up no it's
Fighting's fine it's a little choppy we
we've we've moved to using the Le you
guys can't see it but over here there's
an LED light so we've gone to using the
LED light and a regular lamp in here so
we don't have to use the fluorescent
bulbs cuz it's a really horrible
experience yeah right awful fluorescents
but what it also means is there's less
light in here and so it makes green
screening a little harder but worth it
for our eyes plus we had some issues
with my blue shirt which is apparently
close enough to the green right oh the
Royalists are here the Royalists they're
the Empire oh my god those guys they're
not gonna be happy about my pirate ways
oh I can only assume that people have to
fight next goofy hat because I'm the
captain it's a goofy hat well yeah you
can you can get if you're you're a
pirate captain yeah oh you even wear
different answers you can wear a
different hat thank I in the game oh
thank god you can wear different hats
and and you can choose if you if they're
if an enemy has a hat that you like
instead of shooting them you can aim for
their hat and knock it off there hug and
it doesn't do any damage to them but you
get the head and as far as I can tell
having different hats does nothing to
your stats it's just one of those things
where if you want that hat that's kind
of cool that's kind of fun that's fun
yes yes it is a fun touch either of you
or any pets nope that's the question you
know the answer to they know you have a
pet I know that's what they might be
knew I rich does not own any pets as he
is allergic to everything that moves
including me in fact the reason that I
shaved my head is B is to so I can spend
more time
rich because he's allergic to all all
hair even human hair so our minds
falling out I have a cat I have a giant
I have a giant cat named biscuit it is a
giant long-haired
Siberian cat and his name is biscuit and
any time we don't dream I post a picture
of biscuit too you know because then
they get some bad news we're not
streaming but he's some good news here's
a picture of my cute cat I just know I
need to see you still hat okay sure sure
sure here can't formally notice dr.
faces dr. prang I want I wanted I wanted
to we wanted to call him
princess meatball before we knew we were
getting a boy cat we wanted to come
princess meatball my kids thought that
meatball wasn't a cute enough name which
is just a damn lie because it was your
kids idea to name you knows my idea so
your kids had the more sensible name
suggests ha ha ha ha ha no I want to say
week at least and I really liked
meatball I mean if my cat is fucking
giant it's nothing like a meatball it's
a fairly graceful fluffy cat meatballs a
cute name you can't act like something
clumsy and large you get it like a brown
so they settled on biscuit he has a full
name as he was a former show cat his
full name was
I can remember this this his full name
was sir Gabriel wind drifter of Heaven
Sent let's have written know this is a
real thing this is it's no wonder cats
hate us
sir Gabriel wind drifter of heaven sin
because because we got him from a
breeder specifically because he's
hypoallergenic and this breeder does
like cat shows and so like you have to
like improve the lineage of your cats
and cat shows he won a silver medal and
acacho biscuit and he's a reformed stud
so he's sir wind drifter or sir Gabriel
wind drifter of Heaven Sent
or as we call him a biscuit dogs
couldn't get like yo there's the
traditional like spot and Rover yeah
pretty simple basic yeah but dogs
frequently at real names and Karen's
mother's dogs Bentley that's Queen
sparkles fart bag that's a cat named so
Gabriel fart bag grumpy puss Mick muffle
feet that's a great one ruffle feet yeah
listen we didn't name him that after we
got him he is now biscuit
right
now we got scrappers to deal with or
Royalists I don't know what to do with
that information
now that royalist say guys I have not
been paying attention because we started
talking about other shit getting back on
dickheads in a mission so hold this
biscuit biscuit is a former show cat and
a former stud biscuit is five biscuit is
five years old now and was that what he
was he was the study was the breeder
that's too old to be a stud he yeah he
and we know we got him a couple years
ago there's the sperm age he just he
stopped he stops putting out you know
after a while like it just doesn't take
anymore and yeah they just huh-huh it
just doesn't work and so you know he we
were we we we've found this breeder you
know because we we found this specific
type of cats hypoallergenic because not
only you but several of my relatives are
really allergic to cats and the boys
really wanted a cat so we were looking
to hypoallergenic cats and we were on
the list to get a kitten and like the
list was like a year waitlist to get a
kitten because this was you know highly
reputable breeder and all of a sudden
she started calling people and saying
one of my one of my studs I need to get
rid of him you know the free free oh
fuck yeah free cat great and so we got
this kid he retired to our house where
he now gets to play with children before
he was in a cage all the time his little
cat
cat breeds as bad as like like dog
breeds I know like thoroughbred dogs
said you have some horrible things going
on weird things that have happened to
the inbreeding sure sure I'm sure I'm
sure there are horror stories in the cat
world as well but but if you don't know
about this by a mutt ha ha ha
by my yeah sure sure dogs can have all
kinds of weird medical problems lines
are twisting weird ways yes one bring
it's fairly common to have the brain
outgrow the skull oh my god that's
horrifying
lady here's their life are just being
basically spastic because they're the
brain right right oh that's horrible
I'm sure the same stuff happens with cat
breeds but and you know like we've this
is our first like purebred cat you know
I've had cats before and they've always
exactly exactly but but uh that's
horrible I know there were someone our
old neighbor got a German Shepherd that
was a pure breed German Shepherd and she
only found out like after she got him
that it had like two extra toes like
coming out of its wrists or say it was
like it was like really fucked up and
like then there's like you know she like
took it to the vet and the vet like oh
there was some major inbreeding
happening somewhere in this lineage yeah
oh sure sure cuz I figure you know it's
either see they're a dog or children
that's it you can pick one right I mean
you have to
tiny dogs are great I just think they're
just significant they're just pet
supplies puppies puppies or hey let's
get a puppy right in your hand or is
that puppy cute in that puppy cute we
won't have time for a kid you know with
all the puppies seven puppies however
many puppies of fucking tags all the
puppies all the puppies I'm gonna skip
the cutscene they're disposable there
goes half the audience have to be
audience rich fucking hell Karen Karen's
mother has a dog he sees Friendly's
sweetest sweetest most friendly wants to
be everybody's friend and I've never
seen him growl oh love is the fuck out
of me no I had red eyes always
okay
puppies are when dogs are least tedious
puppies the dogs have an adolescence
they get out girl with it you have a
puppies I'm super easy to handle just
cause you know they can't do anything no
because like when you know I've had and
I've had dogs I like growing up by other
dogs puppies puppies are great and
they're cute and adorable but you have
to consistently train them and you know
like you you as the puppy owner have to
be so on top of your puppy or else
you're gonna have a shit dog the rest of
your life yeah you know would you get
like a water two year old dog that's
like their adolescent phase right there
yeah they're getting older they're full
of energy they're looking to test their
boundaries dogs slowly cool like fine
blah blah mellow
oh absolutely the dog I was just talking
about Karen's mother's dog yeah oh god
he was so friendly put obnoxious when he
was like oh haha house pause and knows
my face slobber you couldn't you
couldn't stop him barking I you know and
I want to play this time he's a little
bit older now he's like you know he's
excited to see me but he wasn't
obnoxious about it hmm
he wasn't knocking me over he calm down
that's good that's good
two years is passed over all it is
puppies are fine young dogs are a pain
in the ass then but older dogs fuss seem
to be okay yeah I maybe that's the maybe
that's the the moral of your story which
is you need to look into like rescue
dogs yeah how how would you prune our
greyhounds I've heard great things about
you know you can get like retired
Greyhound downing dogs that just you
know that are incredibly well trained
and just love not running like just
they're just so happy to be in a home
and they go for walks and they're super
happy just to not have to work I think
house are supposed to be decent yeah
ground
that's true you get you could get
Santa's Little Helper almost never see
it forgotten dog yeah you could get
Santa's Little Helper rich ooh I could
get a top hat an armored top hat I'm
gonna wear that
when did they quit making bad video game
knock-offs of good movies probably when
people stopped buying them yeah probably
I'm gonna presume I'm gonna make some
presumptions oh no that Mike your 90s
era or maybe early 2000s when these
things from the prominence a lot of
gamers were younger cuz gaming still
fairly new medium yeah and parents would
just buy the thing they know he likes he
likes to do Batman movie and they're
buying the Batman game ya know I think
there are more older gamers we're too
smart to buy the movie game time and and
there and it's it's access to
information is something even modern
parents understand and so they're like
oh you know I know my boy loves this
movie let me let me check out the Amazon
reviews of this get oh it gets shit
review well yeah and like it's just so
much easier to make an informed decision
but that's that's just my pure
speculation I'm what's going on I like
it and I agree with it yeah hey Mad Max
was good
then it wouldn't be a shitty movie
tie-in game what it was
the real van says let's do our own
review show right now what's an old
movie that you have some affection for
ask for me just saw North by Northwest
and was surprised at how much fun it was
hmm don't find North West's you know I
think like every person who's into
movies I saw that at one point and can
now not remember a single thing about it
or you know like sorry let me break up
that as people who like movies I saw
that at one point period personally now
I can not remember a thing about it
totally bullet says right now that was
till the boys God stop scrolling I can't
see the things you can't see the dings l
Menten what a6 said excuse you rich
spider-man 2 is a perfect game if ever
there was one
tell me one thing in spider-man - that
was fun other than the web-swinging
fucking thing the website was pretty
great one fuckin thing
well they had the web-swinging right you
got that they have the rushman
web swing the web swinging web swinging
web swinging web swinging a really neat
idea
spike doesn't that thing on what you
like you got that game and the only
thing you ever did was use web swung
around cuz it was the only fun thing to
do in the fucking game uh-huh
I love saving people in spider-men -
yeah all three of the saving events that
would happen repeatedly ad nauseam how
many fucking balloons did you return to
that goddamn kid wasn't much variety
you fucking hold on to this balloon now
I'm not getting it again a friendly
neighborhood spider-man my ass rich
hates at them oh it's great web-swinging
didn't didn't they like designer of the
web-swinging try to mate like he tried
to kick-start his own game that was like
just web slinging but you know like you
know like it was the guide like had like
electric gloves or something yeah I
wouldn't doubt it someone look look that
up really well no I'll look it up later
now I'm curious if the game ever came
out and if it was good because I
remember like that was his big pitch was
everyone loved the web swinging from
spider-man - I'm the guy that designed
that here's a game that's nothing but
bad zooks one of the spider-man games
ever had yeah well in the boss fights
were never that good like we needed we
need a hero game we need a spider-man
game where random shit just does happen
around the city the random events need
to be the super villain that's wandering
around that you spot or just the mugger
yeah yeah well no they had just the
muggers know you need to see like the
Rhino running down the street that would
be something well we we need a mix is
what you know they have never gotten the
mix right it's always like one one or
two decent villains and then some some
c-listers no electro and Mysterio and
ringer and boomerang those new villains
for this game well we could have fought
one of the richest rogues gallery in all
the comics
you guys aren't interested in III why
should it be huh huh tell me what new
games are coming out why do you treat
this like it's a fucking holiday give me
a fucking press release yep after e3 is
done I will go to one of 100 different
gaming websites that will have it in
clear easy-to-read bullet points this is
all the information you need to know and
you know what
that list is gonna have hyperlinks to
all of the trailer videos that are
already up on YouTube it's going to have
links to discussions about the thing and
so then I get to choose if I want more
information I get to choose and you know
what I can do that while sitting on the
toilet but you watch it great you can
watch it for our conference yeah not
really see anything you're too
interested in and you could have wasted
your evening yep would you rather do
that no no I would not but thank you I
mean thank you for asking I appreciate
you taking the time to ask
yeah
and III we leaked everything you're
gonna hear about already yep
fucking hip
I can get it I can get it I'm on the
trolley I'm on the trolley
yeah there's no real surprises anymore
it's it's gonna be fine stunts you know
sometimes like you know what I'll
probably do microp Microsoft is tomorrow
I want to say Micron's the you know the
the big three yeah you might just have
to get your Sony made intended Microsoft
is on tomorrow I think it's on around
lunchtime so it's probably gonna happen
is I'll either be editing or doing
something and I'll put it on in the
background yeah and I might listen to it
if I don't feel like it I won't it's
just an incredible waste of time
remember in the first spider-man movie
game where when after you beat it you
got to play through the whole game as
the Green Goblin I love that and it was
it was somewhat broken and it was not
challenging at all and I thought it was
some of the most fun ever what what
would make for the best spider in there
what would what would you need so you
need good web for you you need good web
service you need you need the open world
yeah but but you need you need a you
need an active world so you know like
you were mentioning in spider-man 2 you
kind of got the same little veins you
got the mugger you at the blend right so
we need so many more events we also need
events that happened that we don't
notice and that go away forever you know
like it needs because like spider-man's
the whole thing is he patrols right like
he's just out web-swinging and he sees
someone and stops it and that's the game
and then we need along with that then
you need the bigger picture so you know
like in a spider-man comic he's just
swinging around if he stops a mugger
right but then you have your big villain
do you need a big villain or for just
just a bunch of random little stories
with a large number of
once I I well I think you need you need
you need something to hook I'm thinking
store at less of a spider-man story and
more of a spider-man
simulator you would need to have good
boss fights yeah and and a huge roster
you need like Hobgoblin bring Goblin
Rhino Doctor Octopus electro Oh stereo
vulture scorpion vulture fine all of
those great villains venom and you throw
them all in one game they're not to be
part of you don't have to find a way to
integrate them into one story just
around I'm going off and you swing over
there oh it's dr. X was robbing the bank
you swing around and all the sudden you
see black smoke in the distance yeah oh
oh the Rhino goes on a rampage and
here's the great thing you could choose
whether or not you went to that black
hawk that would be the greatest thing
yeah or it's like oh well this mugger
right here but there's black smoke over
whatever can I do both and you know what
if you get to the black smoke and the
Rhino is already like three blocks away
and that makes it fight a little bit
harder costumes that you don't have to
pay for and you know what not not just
the red and blue costume hmm but like
you need the different styles that's
been driving you need like the Steve
Ditko looking version they they had that
in the movie games in spider-man movie
games they did I remember the the ramita
senior looking spider-man costume the
Todd McFarlane mm-hmm
the the the Mark Bagley all the famous
artists who've done spider-man you need
to have like their version of his
costume yeah in addition to like the
black suit of the weird costumes he's
worn over the years and then and then
here here's the dlc yeah here's how we
pitch this to the studios right okay the
dlc the downloadable content is the same
city because like that's the hard part
the PERT the hard programming part is
the city the same cities the dlc is the
heroes that you can also play in that
city as okay the other Marvel heroes
what if you want to place their Devil an
expanding Marvel game and expanding well
because all like there's a big chunk of
Marvel heroes in New York City right
what if what if you know tie it in with
the shows what if you want to play as
Luke Cage and you just and you can't
swing you can't do any of that stuff
you're just a big guy who hit stuff he
has to he'll cab ha ha yes I love it I
fucking love it and it's a whole new
gaming experience that but you know you
pay a little extra for it so the lego
marvel game Lego Marvel gave me great I
don't think they had roaming super
villains oh sure I don't know once you
could find you would do that fight it
would be gone forever I hate the Lego
games I think they're the worst one it's
good cute no no they're all cute but
they're the worst games I hate them all
it's fun to fly around in New York and I
haven't I have not played the Marvel one
yeah
Lego Batman and suck my balls
plus I wouldn't say the the Legos
spider-man web swing was as good as the
spider-man 2 web swing oh well there you
go
here two here first
but I want to fight lots of different
fucking supervillains yeah I could see
there ain't nothing wrong with wanting
to fight a lot of different
supervillains
no but Lego Spidey and that game had to
be played by little baby children yeah I
know I'm not not saying that was
terrible just well that yeah that's why
I don't like the game who's this cuz
they have to be played by children their
children's games I'm just saying in my
ideal spider-man game the the
web-swinging would be probably a little
bit more like it was in spider-man 2 the
movie game sure
what if supervillains start teaming up
as the game progresses yeah oh now
you're on it sinister six now your that
could be the through thread that could
be the threat see because I think you do
I think you need a big hug okay
and so you know your hook you could
ignore like a grand theft our game sure
it's still one super villains that
aren't part of the story yeah you fight
them once they're gone
no I don't want that right okay but so
that's the big hook is you can you you
have to defeat them all individual you
know then they do random stuff they'll
rob banks yeah and then they I'll plot
together woo now we're talking now we're
talking about a great spider-man
they're not here Rich's mumbling sorry
could you recreate my mumbling in text
so I can identify what it was I was
actually saying oh fuck I get it now I
get it now
a good combat system is needed obviously
yes they need to to integrate the spider
sense but in a spidey game dodging needs
to be a better mechanic other than just
dumping Oh jumping away oh yeah yeah
yeah I mean so do we do we go Batman
combat or do you go bullet time Batman
in combat doesn't work as good on like
one versus one it's great against groups
right a Spider Man needs to have good
1v1 combat how do you go bold time
possibly maybe maybe maybe some sort of
something like like the fallout system
where you can slow down like choose lock
on targets and then let it go you know
like some sort of like you know like
pause time to evaluate what's happening
and then do some sort of cool action
thing that's how you mule eight
spider-sense
I also do not know I'm grabbing all the
loot because I need all the bad guys
grab a novel loot cuz I kick their ass
destroy another generator this is how
you play a steam world hi scoop duty
that's pretty easy fight I'm
concentrating now in leveling up some of
my unless ur bots you know the answer to
that are we here to play games are you
messing with us
you having fun messing with us
30 games you know are absolute garbage
that you enjoy anyway that you know our
absolute garbage
that's interesting
so that's me absolute garbage or maybe
just me yogurt
I don't know there's anything I'd like
that I would describe as being absolute
garbage like III think I can admit that
life and combat which I love No More
Heroes a fairly mediocre brawler it's
elevated by the the atmosphere the the
storytelling elements the characters
it's elevated but it's still and it's
still all as simplistic as it is still
enjoyable gameplay it's enjoyable but it
is not a revolution right it's not a
revolution it's a revolution
wait
he thinks No More Heroes is elevated by
the gameplay but not Uncharted well well
one one of these games has gameplay but
not out there one of these also has
interesting storytelling elements sick
burn
you know if uncharted world movie it
would be a made for TBS you think TV is
starring like like Robert in T it'd be
like what's the knockoff History Channel
maybe TBS totally TBS it'd be unlike the
Smithsonian Channel yeah absolutely
abso-fucking-lutely who did star it
would star what's that what's a
washed-up TV actor
but Noah Wyle from er wasn't it already
yeah that's why I'm Billy wasn't it he
was in something else similar yeah he
was in the library that's why I'm
thinking of him oh sure and yeah I was I
was thinking like like someone from
friends like what's Joey from friends
doing man nothing John Stamos that
serves me baby starring John Stamos out
in between yogurt commercials he's doing
this T vs uncharted for movie
they wouldn't have the budget saw the
effects be that shitty CGI shitty TV CGI
no the bottom of the barrel not even the
good TV CGI terrible terrible shots damn
Lucy no more heroes like stories quirky
and fun sure uncharted is a cheap
Indiana Jones knockoff yep yep
and I think unapologetically a cheap
Indiana Jones knockoff pardon
are going
centuries
what isn't it more like a Tomb Raider
knockoff
it's reader isn't Indiana Jones knockoff
you can are you guys not paying
attention to what's happening in your
world can't even knock off the knockoff
you of course you can then you get
uncharted and Indiana Jones was just a
knockoff of the old cereal so you got a
knock off of a knockoff of a knockoff I
need a Jones more of a reinvention of
the that was that you know what that was
a little bit of a joke but sure yeah
you're right you're right Indiana Jones
was his own foot but well but you know
not really it was just it was just it
was old schlock with a big budget yeah
which that's you know Lucas his whole
thing is old schlock with a big budget
Dark Matter says like an eighth
generation VHS copy yes um
who
else is new
you know what else is do what else is
new I mean I can get my list out I
haven't open the list in a while I know
I know we can we can bitch about what
that's right notebooks a smart thing but
you know I have not written anything new
in in a while mostly because I had those
Solo streams and so that was just you
know just a lot of me but here's the
thing here's something I wanted to bring
up because you know you know you go on
Steam and every once in a while it will
randomly give you a hardware survey
have you ever filled those out okay I do
just cuz you know why not remember if
I've ever gotten a random hardware
survey really yeah I'm not sure I have
they do random hardware surveys where
they were like or maybe you just take
the thing to make it say do it
automatically but so it was um it's it's
one of those things where it just looks
at your computer to get all your specs
to compile like what the average user
uses so complaining what the game
singing oh oh is the game singing let me
get back on my ship then I'm so sorry
the game is singing then I'm sure you
know what I'm sure oh yeah you know
what's you know it's really fucking
weird about this game is the soundtrack
every once in a while like the
soundtrack will have actual lyrics yeah
and like that is unacceptable maybe she
was well I went into a bar yeah
and so maybe they okay music but so now
this singing should be over many
apologies
so esteem will gather information on
your system so can compile what the
average user has I'm sure to better
that's smart tell game makers what's the
minimum system that's ours are smart but
now they've started to take a look at V
on
would you like to take a guess at the
percentage of Steam users less than one
how much less than one question is how
many zeros one or two point zero five oh
so close
yes so the vibe which is the one
officially supported by steam point zero
nine percent and the rift the big one
the Occulus point zero three percent
it's less than a hundredth of a percent
technology yeah that people think we
want that nobody wants that nobody want
nobody wants right never happened and
and this is the thing and you know when
people people ask us they like about us
getting a VR and whatnot it's the wave
of the future fuck you it's the way of
the future
combined you don't have one percent of
the market the only question I have is
what it makes for entertaining enough
stream to be right and it could be for
like for entertainment person's purposes
for us it could be because we have the
camera you know we'd be looking on goofy
with shit on our face people get a good
giggle out of it yeah but for the
average gamer numbers don't fucking lie
yeah so I am not surprised at all so
once again steam does random hardware
surveys yeah for its users I'm surprised
you've never gotten one maybe because
you're an offline mode a lot but maybe
yes probably actually that it probably
is it yeah yeah but uh point zero nine
percent of Steam users have a vibe the
the one that steam is back in the VR
headset and point zero three percent of
users have an oculus rift and that's and
that's a beautiful eye I saw I saw that
stat on somewhere and I was like I need
to write that down because I think
that's beautiful
they're selling a weird and expensive
new product yeah that looks
uncomfortable to use and there is no
killer app yep there is no reason to buy
one there there's no selling point
there's no there's no elevator pitch for
VR besides its VR even one of essence
lawnmower man right everybody remembers
lawnmower man remember he was kind of an
idiot and then they got really smug cuz
use VI
know you know you know remember this so
yeah it was yeah you know again for us
for a bit for for entertainment purposes
yeah of course
ya know I like I'm looking into prices
and I'm looking into hard yeah I I saw
highlights from a stream where a large
group of people were playing like a
whole bunch of five games yeah no one
looked like they were having too much
fun it was awkward things were being
tripped over and space because it's yeah
so it could be funny yeah that's that's
exactly the reason I would consider it
but for for actual gamers they don't
they don't have it yet okay sory chances
sorry chances i I'm just buzzed and
weirdly excited at this point bear with
me
here's a new promo pic I thought was
pretty and summers old oh yeah it's nice
can you detect boobs Oh three if we
solved this mystery yet
I'm here's what I'm guessing yeah here's
what I'm assuming is it'll be swappable
that'd be fine gotta be a nice solution
wind that'd be nice yeah that's just
that would just be nice it was a
promotional image I know that's a
Nintendo's big thing as they said that
that this e3 is all Zelda focused I get
what I'm saying is it tough being so
right over there is that like is that a
burden for you is that a tough burden
today we're doing the best of the worst
last night and there was a couple calls
that rich made in movies but he forgot I
forgot to vote verbalise he forgot to
call them out and he said well I didn't
want to be wrong and it's like rich we
can always edit out the wrong stuff just
call out everything yeah but he was
right so many times oh I bet this is
gonna happen okay Gracie cake says Jack
I'm Jack can you explain to me how the
world will likely end using the voice of
papyrus how the world will likely end
well you could not think of a likely end
and
you got a loophole all I'm saying
you got a loophole the problem is I'm
trying to remember the papyrus boys you
know
Gogi well let me tell you something I
picture the world ended when the giant
tortoise comes back to roost know what
I'm saying
he's gonna take a look at this big green
planet and say oh I'm thirsty drink
about at waters then what are we gonna
drink we won't have no waters to drink
lordy we gonna be dry as fuck you know
the you nailed it great I'm happy go to
our houses but Jack oh yeah imagine
Firewatch in VR oh you could look around
at all the pretty trees but you could
already look around at all the pretty
trees just by moving a little controller
well seems like a big drawback to VR no
tactile sensation until you can actually
hook into a human nervous system Oh God
and that's gonna I'm sure take off like
hotcakes
that's that's what it would take to get
this to work to feel the things that are
there maybe novices vivan drift is not
active but Samsung gear is alive and
thriving the phone is the future of V
are not the PC I and I have seen that
you know you can put your phone in a
thing and your phone acts as the the
headset I've been looking into this
stuff like that and you know it's it's a
lot it's a lot cheaper because most
people already have that yeah like you
know you don't need to worry about the
hardware portion of it
or like a Google cardboard have you seen
that where literally they mail you a
cardboard box with folding instructions
and you fold it and you can put your
phone in there and it acts it you know
cuz that's all it is is a thing to hold
it on your face and sounds like they
have gimmicky stuff like that that could
that could in theory make it work I have
no fucking idea okay I just I just don't
know why not
I'll buy a new guy I like guys but he
does have some faith in John Carmack's
development of Technology what's his
kick
what he likes doing now he's gonna keep
doing it until me alienates everybody he
knows just like last time it's just you
need you need something to convince
people to convince average Joe everybody
saw the Wii and saw we bowling right
yeah I know how to bowl I can bowl with
my friends now this fan family time
moving moving with a video game it was
great - sold everybody on it it sold
your grandma on it my way - uh yeah I
started listening to an audio book okay
masters of doom
masters of doom oh we just talked about
masters of doom what is that guy like
behind the scenes of the birth of in
software
Oh neat okay yeah I'm only on like
chapter three in the book but right now
at their former company that's actually
at this the company they are currently
at at that time in the book but they're
hired there to make games and what
they're doing is at night they're
stealing computers from work so they
could make their own games on the
company computers that they could sell
for themselves take my dick move yeah
not interesting is it a good listen so
far so far yeah that's good that's all
that really matters
see him buddhu
baby boo doom there's no gay yeah
Carmack an interesting bit I'd never
heard about before until reading the
chapter about his youth mm-hmm was when
he was younger he learned how to make
thermite and he used the thermite to go
to a school and he put thermite around
the window so he could burn a hole in
the window so he could steal some Apple
2 computers but his friend who he
brought with him was too fat to fit in
the hole they burned in the window so
the friend reached in and opened the
window manually which set off the alarm
and they got caught but that's a that's
that's like a that's like a criminal
nerd thing to do right to use thermite
to steal Apple 2 computers from the
school yes no isn't that a story about
Bill Gates when he was young is it
though Bill Gates was you know a young
genius yeah and at his school they put
him in charge of setting up like a
rudimentary computer system for the
school while he was doing so hacked into
all the class schedules to rearrange
classes so he his classes would be
filled with women it's like an hourly
Bill Gates to her she's all the pretty
ladies would be in his body
what are these stories from the stories
I told are from the book masters of doom
which is about the birth and rise and
fall of it software not really the fall
but at least the falling out sure
between Carmack and Romero sure yeah
yeah I know and I just that's just a
story that goes around about Bill Gates
I cannot confirm the truthfulness of
that but I mean it's Bill Gates so we
can assume right yeah
Michael Cody CIA says hey Jack and rich
Knight thanks for the endless hours of
entertainment are you too excited for
the quake3 remake that was announced
it's great to see some diversity in the
shooters
um I'm not personally excited for it
because I'm not a multiplayer-only guy
mm-hmm and if it's a straight remake of
quake 3 that was basically multiplayer
only there might have been some BOTS but
not not quite the same thing as he
excuse me
single-player campaign but I'm glad
they're making it sure plenty people who
will like it seems weird because I know
they recently did quake live which I
thought was a quake 3 kind of basically
remade just a free version of quake it's
a little bit weird not against it
quake live I think it's already come and
gone
oh yeah free version of quake you could
play quake it was version of quake 3
specifically no okay yeah
advertisements supposed to pay for it no
novices if you and jacket traveled back
in time at any point Earth's history 48
hours but you had to agree on the time
and place what would you guys choose any
place in any time the Earth's history
the week before
the week before
you know I'm right well wait we get 48
hours yeah in the past we buy the ticket
yeah put the ticket safety deposit box
it's still good that was less than a
year ago you have a year to claim I
think so it's usually a year we'd have
to double-check the rules of course
that's a double check the rules yes and
if the rules are passed what we do is go
back in time to when was it early 2000s
and pool all of our collective money and
buy as much Apple stock as we can yes
before they announce an iPod I have
thought of that so many times so many
times by all the Apple stock we can
write before they announced the iPod and
then it's smooth but yeah now I like I
like the lottery okay now let's assume
yep that we cannot we have to go back in
time and we can't change anything or
can't personally profit from it
something I think because I'm pretty
sure that then I don't give a fuck kid
that's before I could work during that
48 hours you know I gotta stay at home
like dome oh why don't I need to go back
in time to play Doom Rick yep what do
you want you any place to go back in
time any place just to see you know what
just to see something right because
that's what I think that's what the
question is maybe you just go back and
this is the boring way
for only 48 hours though that's not a
ton of time and is it any place in time
like I'm good any time you have to agree
on the time and place okay good wouldn't
you want to see something like
anthropological like go back and go back
and like peek in on our Neanderthal
ancestors just like see what they're
doing do they use a pillow is it a rock
pillow they're filthy apes yeah but like
the the period you know like the period
where they're starting to walk upright
when you want to see that wouldn't you
want to see that just so we can come
back and be like with fucking saw this
what is the name what's the name of that
very very mysterious deaths
we could solve the mystery by seeing
what ammo I like it if your safety is
guaranteed go back go back go back in
time and solve any famous mystery then
you come you come back I would also like
to know here you rich evidence how can I
drop it through time that's your book
rich I'll go see something glorious
experience the history of manhood how
can I make money off of this that's what
rich Evans that's what rich Evans is all
about no we're like yeah we're like I
look at if our safety is guaranteed yeah
like is there like a notorious like
serial killer that is still on the loose
diet diet laughs pass Dyatlov pass I
don't know that I know what that is I've
never heard of this thing experienced
hikers and they found like some of them
like
far away from their camp like like they
stripped half their clothes off as some
really weird things happen and nobody
knows exactly what it was yeah all right
that's weird
Diane laughs Paz is so fucking creepy
yes it is just Mississauga what cared
about it she was a she care had recently
heard I'd known about it before but mmm
when we were working on my packing up
someone we're stuck we're like listening
to like an audiobook about it about you
know me and my fiance listening to an
audiobook about these creepy dead
Russian hikers yep you guys are weird
I mean what do you do on your weekends
yeah what are you doing your vacations
Roswell New Mexico is a weather balloon
I'm not gonna waste my my tripping time
to see a fucking crashed weather balloon
and the fucking right like come on come
on
can't with the fucking program forest in
Japan where the people commit suicide is
fucking creepy
yeah that's not you need time travel to
see yeah I can't go to that forest like
now yep
if you don't know it's basically a
forest in Japan where it's really trendy
to kill yourself trendy it is it's
actually trendy yet okay
chika boom boom chika muumuu hey guys
I've read wool on the recommendation of
Jack first of all congratulations has he
read the sequel's
shift or dust yes okay oh oh oh is that
it it's recess and here each of us know
if you read the suit yes so it's it's a
trilogy it's the silo trilogy
it's what wool for anyone who doesn't
know it actually started off as a
hobbyist writer he was not a
professional writer and what he would do
is upload a chapter to his blog for free
well every once in a while it's like oh
I've wrote a new chapter in this wool
book and he just had a blog for a while
I mean he would upload a chapter and
anyone could read it for free and it
started to gain an incredible amount of
traction and eventually by the time wool
was completed he was able to sell ebooks
and eventually get it published by a
real publisher and the film rights were
bought and it was just this incredible
like success story for an independent
book publishing okay wool is a fantastic
read if you are into post-apocalyptic
sci-fi shit strong female lead mystery
intrigue technology Oh like old
technology but also in the future oh
it's wool is one of the fucking greatest
breeds I can remember in a long time and
now new people discover whoa talking
about it again so great read it read it
before it's a moot read it before it's a
movie and probably gonna mess it up when
it's moving but after wool he wrote two
more books in the
same universe they just dust and Shh
shift shift yeah shift and dust and it
kind of completes the whole wool saga
I didn't think those were as good but
wool was so good and the universe he
created in wool Hugh Howey I want to say
it was what his name is the universe he
created in wool was so good it carried
me through the not as good second and
third book okay I still read them and
enjoy them and you can get them for dirt
cheap as ebooks and so I recommend all
free but like the second two and not as
good but wool is so fucking good that
momentum carries through the other books
if that makes any sense okay well it was
a vine I'm you know I might just reread
wool great well at this point there are
people Chad have no idea what the fuck
is going on in this case oh yeah I don't
think we've talked about the game once a
little bit a little bit early on we it's
been a few hours okay so here's the
thing so this is X come as a 2d
side-scroller so I have my three
characters I got this guy right here see
brass I got Valentine and I got Beatrix
I'm gonna open this door as see brass
and it's it's turn-based it's a
turn-based tactical strategy game so
let's open the door and see what's
inside and then I'll kind of walk you
through my movements yes okay so now
let's take a look around the room who's
in the room you know just one guy this
is gonna be totally weak because I'm
gonna basically cap them in the back of
the head
but so now there's blue lines under me I
can move I can shoot the interesting
thing about this game is if you notice
here for my shoot turn I actually have
to aim my gun so I could miss there is a
ricochet mechanic in this game where if
I don't have a direct line of sight to
the bad guy I can bounce the bullets off
of walls but you know this gun doesn't
have a laser sight or anything so I
could totally fucking miss and actually
this gun doesn't have four shapes but
gangster-style
cap them in the fucking back of the head
and so now like these characters now I
just have to move in it's very XCOM me
you have a certain number of movement
points and if you use your movement
points then you can't use your weapon
points you know it's it's XCOM on a 2d
plane but it's very light and it's very
simple okay and it's cute he plays these
like steam-powered robots and so that's
why I'm into it is mostly because mostly
because it's really cute I know there
are turrets popping up oh yeah they're
they see these red after this timer
counts down I'm gonna get turrets so I
have to deal with those but I think all
my characters are in here so I should be
able to deal with those so I'm not too
worried about these explosive barrels
next to me great guard guard
yep here come the dirts that's alright
so pop out on turn one and don't fire
until turn two okay so now I got time to
deal with the top turrets which I'm
going to this guy has a laser scope so
you can actually see like the
ricocheting path which is needs but like
I'm not moving his gun right now there
is like sway in his gun so you take a
little bit to actually aim and it takes
a little patience and you can miss if
you if you have a clean shot at someone
and fire he might sway so you're not
you're not touching that right now
yes it's going back and forth on its own
on its own yep there's a sway to it
you know what I want to really make oh
no I have another guy here this guy did
that hurt me shit I was too close to the
blast and the world I shouldn't have
done it I had I had an older guy and I
should have should have been smart I was
not smart they're rich Laura Arkin said
rich tell your younger self not to buy
and play the mass effect series you know
what it's it's valuable lessons about
trust not having it thinking thing about
this time traveling anymore I thought
about a little bit okay so as we talked
about it last sorry now this is a little
bit problematic since I wouldn't know
exactly where to go because partially it
would be in midair but if I could just
know something that happened in the past
I would love to know what happened to
dig deeper I would so love to know what
happened well I don't whose DB cooper
you never heard of DB cooper not I mean
not know DB cooper I believe is the
world's first airplane hijacking what
yes a 1950s mini early 60s guy wearing a
nice suit and tie and sunglasses mm-hmm
he gets on a plane and I was on the
plane for a little bit there and bitter
he hands the stewardess a note saying I
have a bomb and he has a list of
instructions and basically he wants the
the airline to give you $200,000 which
is a lot of money in like nineteen
fifties dollars okay so they they land
the plane uh-huh and he less like the
passengers go but not the the flight
attendants or the pilots and they bring
the money onto the plane does I think
you know they gotta take him seriously
you might have bombed yeah
not only does he ask for money he asked
for like five parachutes
so after they gave him the money and the
Paris parachutes him him and the
stewardess and the pilots he has them go
back up in the air
they fly somewhere I forget where they
were heading
but and the reason he asked for five
parachutes so they couldn't give a dummy
parachute because they thought he might
be jumping with them the flight crew
right said he couldn't give a false
parachute so at some point I'm away to
wherever he takes the money puts on the
parachute jumps out of the plane is
never heard from again and they don't
know if he died in the fall or what like
it wasn't like it was bad I know it was
bad weather to do a jump in yeah but
it's it nobody really knows what
happened to him why hasn't this been
made into a movie this sounds like a
great premise for a movie I think they
did it at some point like 70s okay this
sounds this sounds like a great story
yes so it's a your place in time in
history in midair to find out what
happened to DB cooper right you know
well if you're in the plane you're not
gonna find out what happens you can't be
on the ground you're not sure when he's
where he's gonna land exactly you're
where well then what you would want to
know is I would just want to know what
happened to him I guess ultimately if I
could if I don't have to be specific
yeah where he lands okay so you know
even if that's gently on the ground or
if it's just like a corpse she's gonna
plump cuz the berries you've never
opened I would want to know sure sir
there was no DB cooper the name in the
case he gave was Dan Cooper I know but
it was it ended up reporters DB cooper
for some reason why he's been referred
to as DB cooper and whatever the case it
wasn't as real goddamn name
I think they did find out like washed up
on a shore like somewhere not too far
from or a jump I think they found some
of the glaze they gave it could be that
like you lost some of the bills in the
jump yeah didn't necessarily die they
never found a body they did somewhere in
the same area they found the bills they
found a skull but it end up being like a
woman's skull and they don't know who
the fuck skull it was but it was this
sounds just fascinating which goes back
in time and becomes DB Cooper oh happy
ending I'm done with it see so you know
what so here's what you do if you can be
done specifically you go to the place in
which DB cooper lands if you land safely
then you know oh you made it in yen you
were a master criminal you lived life
and then you steal the money
and if he crash-lands then you know if
then you know he died in the landing
kind of a win-win situation when you say
that is a great story I'm shocked I have
not heard of this story before anonymous
says hey guys hi yesterday I ordered
pizza and ate the whole thing and have
felt sick and god-awful all day might I
believe that I've pooped about ten
pounds I don't believe that have you
ever eaten way too much and then
regretted it whenever somebody orders
pizza all the time oh all the time
part of a part of my diet is you know
incredibly healthy six days out of the
week and then one day I go to myself
that's my treat
that's my cheat day that's that's
actually part of my diet that's how I
lost so much weight
is a super healthy six days of the week
and then Saturday for me is my cheat day
and I'd stuff my face with all sorts of
garbage I get the worst food hangover
Sunday morning my body feels awful just
because I spent all Saturday shoving
garbage in my face I love it you know
what even even if you do something
simple like um like like a Weight
Watchers which is you know basically
just a way to calorie count yeah they
take that into effect so you can like
bank calories and like have like a cheat
day every week okay I know that's I I
know someone who who used who still uses
Weight Watchers has lost and kept off a
ton of weight there's there's very easy
ways to do it I'm dirty says I'm tardy
hey Jack
I long bag rich hey any of you guys seen
a shock ellipse yet it has some
hilarious action movie cliches I haven't
seen in a blockbuster in decades I have
not I haven't even heard of this a shock
ellipse Ashlock ellipse Ashlock
elongating schlock Ashlock ellipse
that's a good name
Shalaka letters I read that wrong at
first I thought it was there was a shock
a little Bozell oh I like the name I
don't know much about it
um novices hello jack and rich whoa I
just wanted to let you guys know how
much of an inspiration you are for me
I'm an aspiring crater and you guys
provide me with necessary spiritual
refueling thank you find your
inspirations all seriousness I'm glad to
be of service
dream dream never give up
have you seen the micro games he's got
series of videos on YouTube where he
tells people to give up on movies
because most people go broke and don't
the dreams don't come true and his
advice is find something practical the
new trades a little find something
practical you know that's not the worst
certainly not the worst advice I've ever
heard fisted bite dope smoke says DB
cooper was Tommy Wiseau
now Tommy Wiseau is an idiot Cooper is a
master criminal sorry Jen says what are
all the games you've got downloaded
they're under 3d yes downloaded actually
not too much so I downloaded steam world
heist yeah we downloaded the Phoenix
Wright trilogy mostly because I want to
say stare each and donated for that and
I downloaded pokemon yellow and oh there
was like a free pick cross which is you
know just a
casual game that actually I think that's
all that's all the games I have
downloaded and then I do have a couple
you know like I have a Zelda the new
Zelda you know this one you know this
one no I did the the link between world
linguist in the world I in my head I was
I was pantomiming putting in the
cartridge this one this Elden and I gots
I wanna say I got free when I got
something else or for really cheap like
an adventure time game that I have not
played yet which i think is supposed to
be like a ripoff of a Link to the Past
but with Adventure Time characters and
so but I never got around to playing it
that's fine if you're a huge adventure
time eggs yeah that's what I figured
I want you to blog and I get you to blow
up
you does one good heist make you a
master criminal find out the summer when
Rob Schneider reads heat under it you
know yes I did if one good heist if it's
a good house that's all you need but yes
you're only having multiple bad ice if
you are a bad criminal yes agreed agreed
yes all you need is one good heist and
then you are a master criminal if I make
a hundred million dollars in a heist I'm
not risking my freedom by doing that
shit over and over again
fucking retired right
fuck fuck fuck
fuck fuck fuck rich
things I'm not looking great virtue you
don't do it for the money you do it for
the challenge
nobody does that criminals are innocent
but your there's a it's a Hollywood myth
I'm gonna say I'm gonna go ahead and
agree with you I'm gonna go right ahead
and agree with your ribs plan enacted
I'm doing it I'm doing my plan and it
might be working
working ish working ich komm tardy says
I was asking about x-men apocalypse I
honestly thought I had gotten a schlock
ellipse from you guys Mike and Jay might
have said that I wasn't right I never
went with them and I wasn't on that half
of the black ellipse oh I get it I get
it
we haven't seen I haven't seen it I'm
not an x-men fan so I do plan on seeing
it soon and I haven't seen the best or
the best of the worst I haven't seen the
half in the bag because I haven't seen
the movie okay so I'm sorry that I
didn't get the reference
I usually if I watch a half in the bag
up on the movie I always wait until
after I see the movie I thought it was
just something I had never heard of
right it's a fun name we had we had
named them sure
I've got my screen zoomed in so the
stream just looks like a low-res talk
show oh you're just on us if you like
the worst talk show ever
just one guy one guy kept playing video
games during the talk this is a product
this is a great talk show well it's a
great talk show because we also over
here we also have you know the visuals
in the game happening until you know if
there's ever a law people can be like
what's happening in the game and then
immediately they look back to us this is
weird we look weird I don't know if I
like this but I kind of like this I'll
be honest with you I like I like that
the fact that the game is completely
unobstructed I do keep thinking about
making us a little a little template I
know people don't want it but like a
little templates are our tips and our
faces and our subscribers side yeah who
wants it nobody wants it yeah okay I was
gonna say no oh no or anyone none of our
viewers want that I want that so that
none of the game is obstructed ever yeah
just as a as someone who makes videos I
hated that we are over the game
well sometimes last time I asked the
channel over well overwhelmingly nobody
wants I know and I hear you that nobody
wants it I'm saying I want it that's
what I'm saying I hear you
so just get rid of the green screen what
would be behind us no we keep the green
screen we could put whatever we want
behind I mean well or we could get rid
of the green screen and that actually
would solve a lot of headaches the
shirts the wrong shade of blue exactly
we would never have to worry about
wearing anything green we could you know
put shit behind us or posters or
whatever want behind us right and then
more importantly you know like a lot of
times in games like oh you can't really
see behind us in the HUD yeah it's yeah
the health bar oh wait can we move us to
the other side of the screen now because
the highway I get it
it would make safe it's never a major
problem we just from the camel we're not
the Kay of the camp I think I like the
camera though as we discussed if I'm
watching a stream I'm more yep I am more
apt to continue watching a stream if
there are face cams
yeah I found the same to be true when I
started watching history yeah yeah
I'll shoot you in the robot deck is the
robot he doesn't have any use for a dick
this guy got a super awesome rocket
launching upgrade I'm very excited about
and I just murdered that other robot
with I enjoy it I'm enjoying this game
and enjoying the why do red letter media
never really review animated films well
we don't know nothing about no animation
yeah I mean that's that's a bad thing
that's part of it I know more about
making you know live-action stuff than
we do live action buy more I mean we
know nothing about making an animated
thing are there many that because funny
because they're bad animated films oh no
I also think also and they're talking
about like half in the bag yeah yeah
some people just don't like anime
why is been so Tom which I thought
you're going to do a quick cuts unfrozen
way back I forgot what I was gonna say
Tao I was gonna she's gonna bitch about
it like kids Marie I don't great
probably would have lungs in by the time
I thought of it already been in my out
for a while yeah
okay back on track
got all the swag we almost didn't food
fight a couple times then we still might
some eventually oh yeah it's not a shelf
it's definitely on our shelf along with
a lot of other things that's the problem
yep that is the exact problem a lot of
shit
my shit in these shelves you know
okay so now yeah in the game yeah so I
got my three guys here got you know this
guy over here this guy up here and I've
cleared the area and I've completed the
objective which is to gather all the
loot on the ship and I got this guy over
here my health is not looking too great
right now and I need to get all these
guys all the way over here over here to
the exit pod but there's two guys in my
lamp and these they these guys have
introduced a shielded gun which means
they have a they have cover everywhere
they go a little bit above or a little
bit below or you know ricochet yeah so I
am I'm planning so my Grenadier guy I
can get him here and that's cover and I
might be able to grenade them to death
but if not he has very low health and he
might die but I'd risk worth taking
maybe or I can wait for them to come up
the ladder but then they can take
potshots at my other guy I'm and then
the timer counts down more which means
more enemies come yeah I know and I know
they don't care I think I'm going to I
think I'm gonna hold back and wait for
them to come to me so chair what what
can you tell me about this honour -
apparently this opportunity I know you
still got to play the first one
I know because to me the main characters
gonna have the same voice as the guy did
the voice for these games know kind of
very interesting that hmm because cuz
dishonored is basically a thief game oh
there you go come up to me I might get
my spiritual sequel more guys more guys
fuck fuck I knew I should I should have
gone shit oh god made the wrong call Ron
call Ron call Ron call Miguel that's
what they call me
it's Stephen Russell doing the voice
like Garrett is what I want to know is
he doing the same fucking voice cuz I
know he's got some range Stephen Russell
what is he doing the voice like Garrett
it's all I want to know
sounds not gonna make it rich
someone is not gonna make it
was it gonna be who's not gonna make it
Louis help
ah one guy down I obviously I know the
voice actor I just want to know if he's
doing look you can like I could do
different language I'm right I'm doing
this wife now I want to know if Stephen
Russell is doing the voice he uses for
Garrett in his role in Dishonored
Jim I know the man's name and I know he
was the guy from thief I just wanna know
if he's doing Jared's voice as the
protagonist cuz then is that her too
because then in your head cuz then in my
head I'm playing real lengthy for I
could be wrong I've heard that Sivir
else is doing the voice from designer
too that could be wrong Tencent voice I
just got a shotgun this is my first
shotgun
and
I'm very excited about decided to and
the most tired sounding voice ever
oh we've completely lost them you know
what at least we apparently still have
their views ha ha ha ha that's all that
really matters
thank thank God for multiple tabs I'm
very name I'm sorry that we don't care
about this this whole III you know it's
not that we don't care about it we know
it's stuff will be revealed
well the things you don't know we're
going to be revealed
you can't be excited about all right and
it's you know we might announce
something amazing I don't know if they
will or they won't say wait who's who's
who's doing it right now is it Bethesda
is that why designer 2 is being talked
about is Bethesda dude
sure cuz that's who's the first one oh
okay oh okay so yeah it's the both of
the Bethesda livestream now all right
the riddle of Steel says decided is like
thief
except it's about merging peeps instead
of stealing ships I know I played a
little bit in the summer one I talked
about my fake framerate the old PC
dishonored one didn't have voice
protagonists so we don't know what the
voice will be yet where's so here's the
thing which is there's some background
there might be missing for people sure I
have heard and through the rumor mill
that Stephen Russell the guy who did the
voice for the main character Garrett
thief was voicing the protagonist in
deciding to make he was gonna get a
voice this time and it was going to be
him is what I heard which could have
been complete BS yeah but as a thief fan
and a sequel to a game that is very much
like I got very very excited about the
notion yeah yeah absolutely
Mahna Mahna do-do-do-do-do potatoes that
video food Mahna Mahna
stop getting excited you're supposed to
hate things well see the progress I hate
the wrong things and love the wrong
thing this is that's really true I've
been meaning to talk to you about what I
really talked you about that I think a
game that hates gameplay is boring shit
and that's wrong that is morally wrong
they do they hate uncharted 4 hates get
its gameplay
you know hates gameplay get out of the
way get it out of the way if only there
was a way to make the player see exactly
my vision for the movie they wouldn't
let me make because it was a derivative
Indiana Jones clone it's like I need a
boat to crash into them at this specific
point but if the player can actually
like drive the boat they might not crash
into that boat when I want them to and
that was my impression of the director
of Uncharted wait again oh my god I'm
done we didn't like uncharted 4 and I
apologize to anyone who I've insulted
yes not BS my main man Garrett is Corvo
ed Corvo attano
and the news says it's the same voice
I'm very late
they've also got Sam Rockwell Oh Vincent
de front I did it a few know Leonardo me
- oh and rosario Dawson nothing for no I
can't read things we know Vincent
D'Onofrio the kingpin I can't read
things the kingpins gonna be in it
I'm self-taught and I'm a self-taught
video Edgar ranked or he could be
playing Edgar or he could be playing for
as he played in adventures in
babysitting someone was wondering I
can't read that name Stu is wondering if
I'm a self-taught video editor or did I
go to college for anything no I did not
I did not I lasted one semester in
college all self-taught all self-taught
online tutorials are great and then you
just keep making shit until it starts
looking good but online tutorials help a
lot with the basics Oh could you because
my opinions are great at the time but
you reading might stop having wrong we
need to stop having the wrong things
yeah I I wasn't when I was in high
school going back to video editing I was
part of the a/v Club and we had some we
did we had some I think it was final cut
three at that time you know some early
early early final cuts that were janky
as all hell so I did learn a little bit
of video editing in high school but that
was taught to me by other high school
students like there wasn't an official
class on it we would just all get
together in the computer areas and teach
ourselves and now there's even more
resources there's a ton of free video
editing software out there to learn why
are you always saying that those games
are failed movie when those triple-a
titles ain't exactly cheap to make
because they're trying to be movies and
not games because right now the gaming
industry is making more money than the
movie industry the more people are
buying games than they are going to the
theaters to watch movies buying movies
at home and they're paying a lot more
for it what happens when you buy a movie
ticket rich you give $10 and
now in studio get a cup but so does the
theater exactly exactly
how much you pay for a movie game I'm
sorry how much you pay for a video game
after deals no like just the same
60 fucking dollars but but you gotta get
the season pass also the season pass and
you know what that's not and really if
you want like the customizable skins
it's like another 10 15 you know you
know what also I really want to get the
the special soundtrack Edition because
that comes with custom avatars for your
ps4 figure why don't why don't they make
all this money making games well well
this is this is the to answer your
question so these are people who could
not get their films green light because
the movie industry is is not taking less
chances on filmmakers they're they're
sticking to the big titles and so they
take their movie ideas and they go over
to the games industry because the games
industry is in an incredible boom right
now and they are throwing money again at
games makers okay so though yeah I'm a
story games maker I'm a games maker
gaming studio gaming studio so then and
so all of that's why people say failed
filmmakers is because the games industry
is in boom while the movie industry is
in decline especially for original IPs
what would it bother us less yes yes
this Kiwi is better than me if
developers started throwing interactive
story labels on these things
maybe maybe I've thought about that a
lot because I you know I've been looking
at the they just released some art for
the Batman telltale game cuz tell tell
tales just can't you can't stop tell
sale regular bat run or Lego Batman
regular bat regular Batman game telltale
game after the Arkham game so it's gonna
be much less fun but it's a telltale
again probably honestly much worse story
to well it's a telltale Games's gonna be
all story it's not a game it's an
interactive novel maybe maybe if they
pitch kit as that
what have they stopped even trying with
like the shooting and the platforming
that's a telltale yeah yeah whatever it
is they have like flat-out maybe maybe
you know what I have not I still
wouldn't enjoy them and I still think
it's fair to compute them it is not
being in you know fun experiences right
right well and it's like then like what
do you call them do you call them
interactive stories or do you just call
it a choose-your-own-adventure that's
all it is is it choose your own
adventure book it's it's I know I don't
want to be a cranky old man here
I really don't and you know you want to
encourage new ideas but the whole thing
about games is that it is an interactive
medium we we are not using a character
on screen and projecting ourselves on
that we are the character in the game
we are involved in the story and people
keep trying to take us out of that
involvement and that's what makes a game
different than a movie so you know but
I'm also a cranky old man it's a waste
go to Netflix pitch your movie to
Netflix they're buying anything right
now that meant they'll put they'll give
you a good producer and everything a big
gangbusters people watch on binge watch
your whole season just find out Netflix
has a new Voltron I don't have much
Voltron nostalgia but I might does the
idea of a Netflix exclusive Voltron
revival is so weird I might check it out
one our our consoles Jack and Rich yep
yep yep is there a possibility that you
would release the full first four hours
of some of your games personally I would
like to see the four hours of Dark Souls
3 and uncharted 4
I don't know maybe we don't film those
with the intention of releasing the
whole thing so we started like Target
about like things are going on and
people win those lives right you'd have
to cut crap like that out right that'd
be the only problem um maybe with you
Sarah's got the butt cancer oh it's bad
we were looking at prosthetic cheeks and
you know what also like there's just
long stretches pure silence I was laying
down during those cut sets where and you
know if it's a game with the cutscene we
stop and listen to the cutscene where
it's I and you'd have to deal with that
too so I don't know if that would be a
good idea but anything's possible
mister but don't smoke says Jack you're
the subject of you being awesome at
making videos yeah
totally awesome at what I watched your
Russian football kicker video recently
you can only describe it as brilliant
you too man
lol fuck my cock that's one of the
dumbest videos ever I love that but I
mean I think it's funny but it's wrong I
need to read it lol lol fuck my car fuck
my car
a little thank you thank you I excel at
montages yeah that was just a dumb video
you know I make videos with my brother
and he came up with this this idea about
kicking and it wasn't very like I was
like I didn't I didn't quite get it I
was like we need something else and so
then he was like no it'll be funny and
you can say like I'll kick for you and
we'll just make up all these jokes about
like the teams and I was like this is so
dumb
but I I enjoyed it I enjoyed it we tried
to make another one that I was
incredibly not in tune
a golfing one and it's if just the video
was terrible nothing about golf was
interesting well and you know I was
trying to do like trick golf shots
because with the kicker video I'm
actually making like the kicks and you
know we he we have a like we made a
little PVC goalpost
yeah like I'm making kicks they're not
great kicks but I'm doing something
there you know like I'm making the goals
and so I tried to do actual trick shots
with golf even though they were very
short trick shots and it failed and that
the the the Gulf video is good but
you're saying what you're saying is you
suck at golf yeah yeah I suck at golf
and also I think it was snowing like I
think we were trying to do golf in the
snow and then like we you couldn't see
the ball on it was an idea I was not
into in the first place then we started
filming it was terrible do they stop
making orange golf balls as practical as
they are or they just seemed deemed too
ugly that's a good that's a good
question I do not know
we'll have the gentleman's revolver
yeah yeah do I have anything else fancy
for you oh my hat wasn't rich my hat was
knocked off what you can look you can
lose your own hat
apparently I have to find a new hat oh
no you can't just pick it up that sucks
oh here we go I got it that's of rare
hats now I have that's just ass your
head is my hat it's my hat can't take my
hat jerk that's right now I am prepared
for this mission yes here we go now
we're ready now we're ready this is
probably gonna be the last mission cause
we're we're good yeah later we started
we did we did start early what boys yeah
that's our age 30 right roughly oh shit
yeah you're right great that's great did
that pizza was a mistake I need some
tums
tums her home all right ho you got a got
to get your your uh your tums stockpile
backup over here yeah yeah
okay okay wait kick down the door boom
it's apparently the only thing that
happened at the Bethesda III yeah what's
Dishonored - yeah well they go oh so
sorry we missed that whole live
conference oh gosh darn it it's my wait
what I mean what uh what did they fill
the rest of the hour with like what else
fluff did they talk about quick live
reboot the quake 3 obviously Dishonored
2 Elder Scrolls card game and afraid a
prty Elder Scrolls card game yes well
there you go people this is what you
wanted right
we miss all of their corporate talk oh
yeah
what am I gonna do without their
corporate talk did they announce that
they were fools not that I'm a fan of
DLC but if they announced that they were
fools for only planning multiplayer doom
DLC absolute fools
absolute fools it's madness I tell you
madness I mean everyone hates the MP
it's not gonna sell which I haven't even
touched by the way we did a review of
the game I haven't even I haven't even
turned on the do multiplayer because you
don't need to know you don't need to I
played it a little bit yeah and you know
what we also messed around with the with
the snap map this is the map maker a
little bit that maps has the weapon feel
which is good Oh
if you don't have anything to present
that's too interesting why book the
conference I spend the money all part of
the marketing flank flank motherfucker
it's you know it's part of the thing and
I'm sure like you couldn't go to the
conference and get a little bobble when
you talk to the people you know like
people love that shit people love that
shit rich diehards they got it they got
to talk to the diehard fan base get it
connected the young market you can't let
the brand fall out of the industries
they have enough IPS I think they'll be
okay they take it take an e3 off the
next time they announced a sequel to do
more fallout people will be shitting
their pants
well Busan will subside others roles and
this goes wolf ashamed Elder Scroll in
Stine
a crossover didn't crossover with
intellectual property like that you are
you're one press conference away from
instant hype yep yep yep yep III
one point does the crossover tune that'd
be great
right when they're close to running out
of money the you know the dragon
accidentally knocks open a portal to
Hell
I mean is it bad that I kind of want to
see this now like this sounds great
this sounds great the doom guy teams up
with some kind of barbarian or something
they fight dragons and demons and yeah I
mean yeah I check this out I want to
look
yep that was Elder Scrolls for rich no I
don't know nothing about no oldest opus
go back cover cover rich
dumi night takes an arrow to the knee
yeah but yeah but then he rips it out
and he shows it in the Cacodemons I
yeah that sounds great let's do it let's
do that what you just will just play
your thing that's well that's just
that's a 100% my planning no I've never
been to a Rob's on the concert Rob
Zombie's fine but I've never been to a
Rob Zombie concert burn to the bitches
and where do there is why do and in mind
dragon love I presume it would be two
out dragula Rob Zombie impression
it would you see would just be so down
around
here's the deal about decimals
I know where Django
which would you consider revisiting the
original quake now that you've had your
doom fix Ferb I'm sci-fi guy so I could
have prefered quick to to quake one no
either's fine quick to has the struck
just a dog
they're basically the heavy metal Borg
okay
this drag totally the heavy metal board
that sounds awesome
it sounds great I'm sory chances yep
Irish sorry to annoy but just wondering
when you'll be up for a Phoenix right
again asking cuz the improv is so good
and I don't want you for getting stuff
to avoid frustration later in the game
oh yeah that's true we would on the
calendar that will be coming it'll be
coming we're gonna we're gonna at least
finish the case I'll say that I don't
know how much into the you know the game
we're gonna get but now we should at
least finish the case mm-hmm I think
that would be nice
come on I just want to shoot the guys
listen don't even listen to this shit
English yes
but
sweet loot
sweet Luke Anton Chernobyl kinsmen 14
months in a row what I'm getting caught
up why not I got nothing to saying
you're just doing things I'm Cyrus
Boston technicolor 23 fucking months in
a row my turds are green and you're just
doing 18 months in a row
Abdo j23
fucking months in a row I asked rich if
he wanted to plain he's like yeah just
rather chat that means you get that
means you gotta come up with shit to
talk about thank you oh my god that guy
has a pony I see this is what I was
talking about look at this I'm leaving
off a dr. J what's going on what's going
on look at this oh whoa whoa okay one of
the bad guys just showed up with a
fucking unicorn hat look at you actually
want to wear the unicorn hat what I'm
saying is that is a crazy hat and we
were talking about hats earlier in the
game we're gonna shoot this hat off
we're gonna try to shoot this hat off
and not kill the guy because you have to
get the hat off first this that seems to
be pretty exciting this guy looks like
he has some sort of Rambo hair I wonder
if I could also get that hat you know
that Rambo hair is that your captain who
lost the captain happen no that's oh
yeah yeah you're right
that is not okay okay okay okay
what are we gonna do see look this guy
he's got like a gangster hat on we don't
care about that that's done he's got an
army head on this dump
who I did knock off a different hat okay
so wait this guy right you are my
sister's neighbor you know my sniper
yeah yeah got it
I got the head up great work jack
great work so I knocked the head off
boom now I got hats but he's also still
alive which does not do me much good oh
there are many more enemies yes oh well
there's well there's this guy who's
alive there's this guy who's alive and
there's this guy who's the big bad he's
alive plus there's a whole like section
of unexplored area but this is the
objective over here I believe
chatez read some thanks yet it's amazing
you've won them over okay I know what I
can do you've won them over because the
Bethesda conference is over I'll take it
you know what I'll take it how about
that
I here's what I can do this guy has a
running gun which means I can sprint and
then shoot but it's nothing like ex-con
it's called it exactly like like XM
several times
oh so that just saved my grenadiers so
this is a post-apocalyptic haberdashery
simulator yes it is exactly that
uh okay what do we do here whatever they
bring granny granny grenade grenade guy
over oh okay
shoot decade but over the barrel no fuck
fuck came back came back damn it damn it
damn it damn it damn it
grenades bones two grenades bones you
took damage I took yes I took some
damage
shit fuck cuz you know why cuz I was I
was calculating based off of also
wanting to pick up loot and that was
dumb I was done with me because I can
always pick up the loot after I killed
the guys okay he's not fucked yet but he
is close to fucked is there is reloading
a thing no no I do not have to worry
about reloading her nasally oh I can
definitely hit
well Stover Beefcake says if you can't
get on a roof it's not Mexico I have yet
we're in spaceships I have yet to be on
the roof well of the spaceship you are
also a robot yes so you could get on the
roof of a spaceship Oh rich you're so
right I could theoretically get on the
roof of the spaceship I have yet to
I can take care of one guy someone might
die it's quite possible that's some or
not rich oh oh
but the bounce shot this game but that
that looked fucking on me that was an
amazing shot that I just did that was a
I mean that was slop that was a lucky
shot
boom boom don't admit to that well no no
I was trying like I I thought like oh
I'll just shoot it here and maybe it'll
bounce how many fucking ricochets was
that - three three ricochets a three
ricochet shot for the kill oh that had
me at least four right because you
didn't throw too little and the thing
then I went behind him and then it hit
him I think maybe I don't know I don't
have to have an instant replay those are
it that's great it's - replayed now we
came through that live we can't do that
live into the live oh shit fuck that was
great that was great
I like this game I can see why people
like that XCOM so much you feel you feel
shmatte okay except for except for when
you're very dumb and I was very dumb
many times so we got we got main guy we
got this guy we got this guy I got my
sniper I got a shotgun
I got a sniper here shotgun specialist
guy with a regular gun and my grenadiers
oh here we go you have extra action as
you do fuck yeah fuck yeah okay
you'll kill him
shotgun specialist
save you for the last
shotgun specialist
he's did they
well okay one guy right now
grenadiers listen to me very carefully
do not bounce that grenade back to you
I just I need you just to hit the guy
and not bounce the grenade back to you
oh oh oh that I need slop I'll take it
slop it's what you do you say bingo got
it go Norwich you gotta call it you
gotta call it or it's slop bingo
I'll take it listen I'll take it
Oh interesting so now so here in this
room here if you look at the bottom
screen yeah this is our exit we're right
at the exit plenty of loot our fancy
hats right yeah and there is now a
countdown if you look at the top screen
every time the countdown reaches zero
the threat level rises which means is
more difficult okay
there's automated turrets more guys are
gonna show up but there is all this
black part of the ship down here on the
bottom screen that is unexplored could
have some more loot what do you think
right is it a lot of loot we don't know
we don't know what's over it but I mean
what you do have I've gotten a good
amount of loot in you know get you know
like how much is that one guy dying how
much is that gonna suck you back
can you just exit one guy no no you have
to exit everyone okay you have to exit
everyone and really if I if if a guy
gets killed the only loss I take if only
one guy gets killed is that one guy
doesn't love a lot okay that's it is
that bad is that how bad is that right
now on your situation
it wouldn't be terrible but it just
makes you less powerful for the next
mission of course if you keep going how
likely is it that people will die very
it is very very likely well you have to
weigh the pros and cons yeah some people
say go for the easy win but the Zippo
stream ends Jack
oh it's dress yeah go for it go for it
alright you know what how about this
I'll peek my head in okay
I'll peek my head in and just see can
you save No
well what I'm gonna do here I'm just
gonna poke my headed and if there's like
a ton of guys and a ton of turrets and
it looks like I'm gonna be super fucked
then I'll just run away how about that
okay
the doors right there on turrets
oh yeah that's good we can take care of
that one
no wrist over work you have to face dr.
Kuchar hunter hanker their anger creamer
TK says oh no rights
right doctor dreamer TK Rosco P Soul
Train says let me guess that guy died
and the other lady was naked no idea
they said that what what I don't know
what the fuck are you guys saying I need
you to think about that I think those
games so much they're watching Game of
Thrones yeah I guess I believe that well
you know what because that kind of
sounds like something that would happen
in green you can't get thrill everyone
you know what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna
run away too many guys in turrets and
possibly someone's gonna die right now
get I'm running one I'm running away
because I want all my guys to live run
away running away will there be more 3d
streams
yeah we have a 3ds with streaming
capabilities we do where is it it's in
my hands oh no you're doing a Phoenix
right
soonish yeah that well I mean we're
gonna finish up that Phoenix Wright case
I hate I got this
I had to wait six fucking months for
them to mod my 3ds so it could have this
video out we will definitely be doing
more 3d streams I bought me one the
original plan got a kiboshed we're gonna
do talking about something
oh yeah no we got to we have to yeah
well you know so we could do it you know
we have to so we can do it for a regular
show yep or over for multiplayer stream
where they are whether good two-player
3ds games see oh look at that 63% of
swag vodka
you said there were a lot of Jews there
was a lot of dudes and I probably would
have died so okay and I got that cool
hat so I think I mean I made the
practical call is basically it oh I got
a rare item a freeze bomb
cool look at that hat look at that hats
I wouldn't be caught dead in that it's a
rare hat rich it's a unicorn mask head
hat that you can lose which is horrible
oh and I got an uncommon have to that
you know what that was a good hat run I
was an excellent hat run wouldn't you
say
yellow wouldn't you say that was an
excellent hat run rich that was great
that was great happy that's a great hat
run so many hats like all the hats you
know it's a cosmetic thing I can get
behind
I can get behind that get behind the
heads yeah okay you know well you got to
shoot them off it seems like actually
does seem like a fun thing to it it's
it's just fun like it doesn't do
anything I approve but you hate
blurp
and that Peola piercing shot fire shot
that pieces to a character that's a nice
gold level up the J ever get a response
from Jeffrey Combs did we ever hear
about this that's a good question
that's a good question no no just stop
this right now and I'm gonna check
Twitter right now to see if J got a
response from famous actor Jeffrey Combs
JJ did tweet it at Jeffrey Combs he had
a question he had a very important
question last night he he wanted to know
what the wattage was on the lasers
mounted onto the super bike in the movie
my phone quite literally as I was
looking this up just ran out of
batteries I don't know the Twitter you
do this I don't know the Twitter my
phone just ran out of batteries rich
right as I was looking it up J wanted to
know some very important information
about lasers he needed to know what the
wattage was the lasers on the super
motorcycle in the movie cyclone right
that Jeffrey Combs was in cuz he built
the bike
so last night he tweeted he said hey
Jeffrey Combs how powerful was the
wattage of the lasers on the cyclone
helmet please respond
hashtag cyclone and see here he is not
officially at least he has not received
a response from jeopardize forgotten
he's forgotten yeah so he has to go back
through his paperwork I know I know I
have the original schematic somewhere
here says Jeffrey Combs JJ never tweeted
at martin landau today unfortunate that
such a shape was alcohol involved with
to eat listen it when vessel worse when
best of the worst is happening assume
alcohol is involved somewhere somewhere
alright well that was steamed world
heist a game that i've been enjoying you
know you know what the other thing I
really like about steamer heist but as a
mobile game every ship is like 5-10
minutes and it saves after every ship
and so it's just like you can just do
one mission and wrap it up it's it's a
very nice handheld game very nice mobile
game did you know your head back
no a different character lost Oh another
guy had a captain yet yeah okay okay
that's the captain captain hat I stole
someone else's captain hat scrapper
captain hat okay that's my captain
captain can he lose his hat I assume so
I assume anyone that and it's a her and
oh and didn't know the gender on that
robot it's a robot can it lose its hat
yes I assume anyone can lose their hand
okay all right I left off at octo
you left off at octo J so how about
frauded and our Miller Telecom 22
fucking months in a row once again we're
taking screws atwater that collects all
the people who subscribed we love it and
we use it every time we stream and riot
crew collects all the information of the
party for fucking months in a row all
the people that subscribe to so it
doesn't break the flow of our
conversation ah
befo pot of us 23 fucking months in a
row I been xizt double zero
Jean Petco and Mathon 106 crunky dream
same space Comeau 21 fucking months in a
row not any scheme what before
hmm I'm sorry about that outburst jeez
dick to striker 1 1 21 13 months in a
row because movie machine gun fuck
collecting data 15 months in a row chaos
14:28 j kid oh wait
my name is tape 12 months in a row
happy anniversary
oh right sorry webs I for a moment there
I just got so caught up in like happy
University I was like what are we
talking about I forgot that we were
thinking subscribers for a moment sorry
about that
webs the web oh oh no God that left a
bad taste in my mouth
Jason K Cora a horrible glory eighteen
months in a row I've never done this
before
apparently I forget that rich also reads
the months and people your brain fried
for some oh and my brain is completely
fried
oz Mike seventeen months in a row thank
you so much for subscribing we really do
appreciate it it's true we really do so
Jack what about that III let's have a
bit
