Episode 589
Shooting Demons in (Wasted) Space
July 29, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VoOqFs6eAGU
___________________________________________

hello hi welcome hello and look at all
this wasted space it's it's doing
absolutely nothing
rich is unhappy with my classy ass
backdrop but I think it's great I think
it's great so much waste so much waste
you know what you know what I like it if
we do one thing okay if we put a whole
bunch of fake information there like a
bunch of things are like best time and I
just got random times and with a timer
that's just running sure the whole
stream but it doesn't correlate with how
much anything it's just a random timer
then it's a waste of joke you know maybe
maybe we can do that
we can do a lot we can do a lot now we
have a lot of options in front of us
we're gonna punch things like yellow
chip as fake donations oh yeah we but
you know because of this setup now we
have we have room to do all sorts of
stuff I will not go home
yeah I'm not super done I think this
looks classy as shit okay right that
money right back
no green-screen well that's one of the
that's one of the positive that's one of
the positives of this setup is because
we have our own little camera area we
don't necessarily need a green screen
which means we can have the lighting a
little darker in here which is better
for us for looking at the TV always the
twat you're running you're right that's
a good question hold on I will I will
check I will check and well once rich
gets back rich will check and make sure
but that is a good question
if the twat sure is running
I think 90% sure spared a fair amount of
sure but know there are there are
benefits it is running okay it is it is
on and it is running the here here are
the benefits as I see it to this setup
wasted space it's not wasted space 30%
smaller screamed so both rich and I
obviously are now out of the out of the
games way the subscriber and tipler's
are now out of the games way and so
nothing no text no picture is
obstructing the game and I think that's
important and I think it looks a little
cleaner a little nicer which is harsher
think back to connect
no rich and Jack face no rich and Jack
this
I don't know that means
you should still see our face
Oh rich what difficulty everybody I just
sort of have the normal but this is not
playing beer chat oh okay yeah well I
don't feel any need to go hard old hard
brittle core they wanted to know
no gobbledygook s-- says I just wanted
to see what the tip looks like with the
new background Happy Father's Day on
your way home Jack don't forget that DC
Universe is ps4 PC Xbox one and it's
free you fucks so you just have the tip
notifications and you'll see the
subscriber notification and nice clean
bars above us not obstructing the game
at all looks very professional
don't you think instead of the instead
of a slap together little thing here
little thing here that we had it before
mr. silly when you Bri I I wouldn't want
you to lie to me you know before we had
the and you know I made the graphic so I
can call it a cheap looking graphic we
had the cheap looking graphic of what
our faces with the oh that's what he was
talking with in our faces
it was like our faces in the little text
bubbles and then you know for the tip
alert we had a whole separate graphic it
was it was on it was onion off' eyed he
was onion off' eyed as what it was
and now everything is in its nice little
area it has our logo up there in the
corner which is I mean a fine angle
perfect this looks way more professional
than the old way we have it I think
while it is true that I made all of this
wild drinking I think it looks pretty
dermnet
Jeff explains much Jack has bad ideas
Rick no comment I am getting some people
in the chat saying that it does look
very professional one person I'm gonna
say at least one person I saw
which is right I hate this
strop hold someone do a straw poll jack
i watch streams 24/7 this looks like
flash I think I think normally the
people will have this kind of setup
usually have valuable information
they're preying on the speedrunners and
they have their times on there or they
have a chat running I'm sure this is the
way on the side uh-huh well and I think
that's too cluttered and I've seen other
people who have life oh you know like me
on Facebook like me on Twitter and you
know here's my URL for my youtube and I
was like I think that's too cluttered I
want to I want to look clean
you you guys just take a take like five
minutes and get used to it
inch is not always good change is not
always good but sometimes sometimes it's
good
I like it I'm gonna I'm gonna strop all
that I like oh hey go so you know more
hates and like what's the bottom one
let's divorce it worst thing since eggs
wow that's pretty strong condemnation
but by the way so it's like one like
hate don't care worse than sin say let's
do a fair stronghold yes a torn it just
a yeah your name
no don't bullshit and let's actually
give it like 20 minutes oh oh wait
well wait 20 minutes 20 minutes let it
sink in let let that the visuals stew in
your brain juices for a minute okay
my word is I will like it if we put like
like some things to say best Hines and a
whole bunch of nonsense information that
is not at all relevant to what we do or
what we are doing or what is happening
because that at least it's in show I'm
okay with jokes sure sure you know the
the one thing that I'm not happy with is
we took down the green screen and and I
think like now we're like overblown I
think the camera has like like
automatically adjusted the exposure so I
think the camera settings good use
but
include a stock streamer for the
Japanese stock market right oh yeah you
know what that sounds really fun
that'd be great let's see I'm like I
know everyone's saying like it does make
the game screen it makes the game screen
it's smaller but we are saving we are
saving space by not having our heads and
bodies and alerts in front of them the
question is which works which is which
right we're gonna treat listen this is
how it's gonna look for this stream the
partnership is that one tries even
better try it
we're gonna try it out and then we're
gonna see how many people hate it by the
end of the stream everyone's gonna hate
it now does everybody hates everything
everything this is worse well you know I
can get it yeah this is what rich is
invited and that's fine
everything ever you know what
everything's fine I don't care about
anything I want to puke aeneas is calm
but I'm gonna do it on purpose
well of course there's a tribe shirt
otherwise says hey you heck frauds here
is the retail price for green room the
best movie of 2016 you should watch it
just for Anton Yelchin what a terrible
way to go be well be happy yes
Anton Yelchin be probably best known for
his role in the new Star Trek movies yep
passed away Hoff check off in the new
Star Trek movies passed away today in an
automobile accident tragic I'm very very
very I've heard nothing but good things
about green room and now I will get to
see it thank you sir otherwise here's
the it's sad but here's the question
the first thing that came to my mind
yeah what are they gonna do another
movie just no check off do you replace
check off you have no check off or will
they'll just be no other Star Trek
movies anyway at least with this truth
right it was probably on a decline
anyway
it's not like three's been getting a lot
of great buzz to kind of kill them into
darkness can just kill the whole thing
into darkness
buh-buh-buh-buh
and to hear traitor to sneak my
sensitivity it fills me your anything
possible
says this is more clutter
go ahead and disagree everything is
uniform a uniform
shut up and let Jack sell it because
that's fair yeah well no no you've
already you've already mucked it up for
it
you said you literally started the
stream by saying that you hate it and it
invited and invited people to tell you
so tell me how much they hate without
giving them the chance to be objective
you started the stream in a negative and
that's fine my only selling point is I
think it looks cleaner I think it looks
more professional and I think the having
the game unobstructed is an important
thing also we no longer have to muck
around with the green-screen setting so
we can have this nice lighting
let's see here's the thing Tiberius Kirk
so there are enough three things down
stantly vying for attention there were
there's all we always have three things
vying for attention we have the game we
had our faces and we had the
notifications but the notifications came
in different places they look like weird
things now everything has its own
special space so if you want to pay
attention to the game you can just pay
attention to the game you want to look
at us you can just look at us you know
where the notifications are gonna be
nothing's obstructed it's the same
amount of things vying for attention but
now everything has its own special space
as a layout design it's terrible I would
not call this clean it is clean it's
clean queen
just replace the red color with porn and
everybody wins the thing I don't line by
and I don't think we can do that legally
the thing I don't like about it is just
that there's all that that those bars
with like nothing going on that's
relevant well all the all the stuff
above us has stuff that will happen and
then so basically just the space above
the game because the bars above us every
time there's a there's an alert stuff
will happen there right yeah but just
one quick flash I don't think it's
necessary for that my name is Tate makes
it a decent point which is it's not like
I'll stop watching it either way that's
the same point
so speaker to fake twitch donations yeah
you're the story of the patrol that
tried to do fake donations up to as over
sixty thousand dollars there's like
three different streamers one of them
like donated $50,000 no I haven't heard
and then he tried to have it taken away
from PayPal which is the day later like
haha no they wouldn't
PayPal said he had to pay yep there's a
kid and I'm sure he's using his dad's
credit yeah I was gonna be some
pissed-off parents right yeah yeah that
was a dumb mistake how badly do you
disown that child I mean more so as a
parent how much have you fucked up
already like you you have not done a
good job of teaching your child how to
handle money or the importance of of
money or just the importance of not
being a total dickhead already you know
you failed
put them up for adoption it's the only
way right right oh and speaking of happy
Father's Day everyone
speaking of no mass kids happy Father's
Day
Oh Oh my dad's back yeah he he doesn't
he doesn't live too near so I didn't
really go out to see him uh-huh
I just talked to him he's out watering
you like it's Father's Day why are you
doing work at all why why isn't somebody
doing that lately you know later day I'm
gonna throw some sausages why isn't
somebody grilling some sauce look I
gotta go out and get the sausage like
wait why is it why is it your damn
daughter getting them on her way home
from work
oh man for man's Father's Day yeah but
you didn't go see I just saw him was
like couple weeks ago no you know I had
a friend's dad very much like that no
all he wanted for Father's Day was to
mow the lawn and have a day
uninterrupted he's like I'm gonna mow
the lawn I'm gonna take care of things
how I want to take care of things I just
want the a day where you guys don't
bother so everyone wants someone to mow
the lawn for me sure but we're all you
know what is different just stay where
nobody bothers I don't want ammo no damn
one some people like more hey I don't
understand I hate more what I have along
the size of like this coffee table in
front of us and I hate mowing down
what does that mean chat is in Anarchy
mode what's happening why is chat an
anti chemo we were talking about long's
what
I don't know what presents did I get I
got some I got some nice camping my boys
are finally old enough to take them
camping something I'm very excited about
and so my wife got me a new tent because
the tent I have is like it was a tent
that like my mama had as a child and
it's a pain in the ass to put up and so
she got a nice new tent you know where
it's like easy to put up and out all
that garbage right and and a new
sleeping bag so I can take my boys
camping cuz I enjoy camping
I enjoy the wilderness so I'm really
excited about that it's probably it's
you know and
and my boys handmade me some cards and
we went out to a nice lunch and I was
day drinking and you know my wife said
that she was gonna be around and take
care of the boys all day so I could
danger which is always fun I mean fun
for me and so and then she drove me here
so rich could drive me home and I could
you see the river that's apparently my
Father's Day gift to you and that's
richer Father's Day I love camping
camping is great just going outside oh
oh so sorry some text here
let's see here November tango 19 says
it's okay Jack I still love you all so
I'm not sure what lol fuck my cock means
but my grandmother is becoming concerned
with the emails you've been sending her
about it also hi rich telecon says since
the newest review is about independence
eh
is there a new review oh I did about now
or not but I don't mean recently did
something oh well if if you guys know I
don't you guys know things before I do
twits
did you Oh apparently yeah apparently
the new review is up that's great um I
was wondering what you think the dumbest
moment in the film is mine was when Will
Smith's kid in the film says mommy what
happened with no emotion I've only seen
it once yeah yeah I saw I don't even
remember anything that happened in the
film no I don't remember hating it I
remember thinking it was a fun schlock
post so I don't know where I know it
does get some like some hate independent
stuff I'm sure Mike and J hate it but I
always remember enjoying it was a dumb
it was a dumb fun movie some fun
emphasis on the dump
but it knew it was like I felt it knew
it was dumb
you know let's see here anonymous is
hatred tragic hello happy five day would
you rather do cocaine or heroin neither
let's say you're forced to do one I
neither great perfect I'm gonna go with
rich and say neither unit 603 idiot says
the problem is there is too much fun
there's too much unused space just
elongate the face cam put on the bottom
and Kip next to us and Bob Hope's well
you can't just it elongated then we
would look all and make it smaller make
it much thinner make what the whole bar
hope everything make everything much
thinner but then our face cam would get
smaller yes it would
yeah and you're okay with that which is
worse well I don't know well I thought
the way I had it now is a decent
proportionate of games with the buffet
scanning
let's see here in the bed then Tia says
how are we supposed to be immersed in
the game when you aren't in the game but
outside it in a shitty read change it
back you hack frauds rich for president
this is this is Rich's presidential
promise to get rid of to get rid of the
overlay the wall
we'll see you know what I'll look at it
tomorrow when I'm sober and we'll see
how I feel about it then how about that
be over there you know that's pretty
good one about him anonymous says hey
guys I was going to tip five dollars but
I subtracted 30% for all the wasted
space on this terrible layout stop here
is three dollars and fifty seven totally
worth it that's totally worth it that's
very funny thank you
oh thank you tired inside for sharing
him turn otherwise says dig the new look
it's clean and everything is displayed
quite well you may want to consider
changing the colors of previously
recorded or the red border
I know shit about aesthetics so haven't
but he turtle the wise likes one that's
one out of a hundred but uh I did make
the red border slightly darker than the
logo do it but they're in the same shade
family let's see here
turtle waz also says here is the retail
price for freddy pharkas frontier
pharmacists enjoy some ridiculousness
that only Sierra can provide what's
happening I'm oh you forgot a doom thing
yeah ok you have yeah they won't let
your rebind tab so I have to go through
some crazy autohotkey nonsense use my
tab keys your house sure sir
after Euro we can do Freddy parkas front
to your pharmacist after we finish the
lawyer game players down Terry B well
thank you turn otherwise also mister
Berger 69 says how much money we'll take
for rich to refer to Jack as daddy for
the rest of the stream $5000 thank you
that that's a fair price Sean says have
you considered leaving the notifications
up until they get rolled under the logo
it would make the space less empty
notifications up until they get sewn so
subscribed it wouldn't fade away it
would stay up there until oh sure I
don't know how to do that but I'm sure
there's a way to do that okay I will I
will look into that that is a fine idea
I still like the idea of having like
fake speed Tiberius Kirk says that that
they do like be the tip to end subs
placement the nice clean bar Oh what did
you do fuck that jump
where was that where was that oh there
are a baby yoga Ella says dear prereq
did you get to check out the gameplay of
for honor combat system looks anytime I
don't believe I didn't see I don't know
why the heck fraud switch seats in
review I didn't even know there was
another was assigned city seating no
parent apparently because they did two
episodes and broke formal rules of
seating that's terrible you broke the
rules that you did not establish I don't
know I don't know I'm sorry let's see
here traitor to Susie she says Jack how
about black instead of red for the
display the red is too distracting also
what about having the horizontal bar at
the bottom what what horizontal bar
now you're just talking crazy instead of
at the top where it's all red and
there's nothing you have it at the
bottom I think that's what they want
oh yeah we could do that too that's why
that's fun let's see here the real net
boy says really like the overlay
consider using a gradient of colors than
a pure client that's not a bad idea with
the gradient lips and Meisner wants his
hi Jackie hi rich I believe everyone
who's a regular to prereq comes to see
you to being you too and the game is a
secondary concern any visitor who
stumbles in usually stays because of the
antics love you I think that was
basically this them saying yeah
basically saying it doesn't matter make
new stuff don't make new stuff which is
kind of
we can put the stand up timer on screen
absolutely absolutely there's a lot we
can do there's a lot we can do Kilroy
and Mick Trump says love the new video
layout keep the border and make it
stronger also of my mom's into health
food I got liver and spinach on broccoli
bread what should I do about that
too bad liver can be good liver wait
wait liver and spinach on broccoli bread
every bit of the liver and your we're
cooking no liver could be good depending
on how it's cook but I mean there's you
know you got food man
that's great I don't know what makes it
stronger news I think that I think that
might have been
make the border stronger for that Vance
I'm never going to be good
I'm not blatantly cherry-picking the
TIFF messages I read every tip message
I am blatantly picking out the chat
message to tell the people who agree
with me so there you go
you jerk run for me you fucker you
running from me I love that they run for
me that's one of my favorite things they
know their fuck so they just run away
hey I think that's hilarious
pick the border more red absolutely read
my letter would like to know more about
this broccoli bread killer in the Trump
I don't think broccoli bread is a real
thing but you know who knows it could be
I love I mean spinach I love I love
spinach and I love broccoli I just like
regular old cook fry
leftover beefcake says happy Father's
Day
Jack hopefully your kids bought eggs for
you and laughed at all of your dad jokes
I hope this is enough for a six-pack of
craft beer because it is leftover good
day thank you thank you my wife went on
bought in the egg is good I mean they
were the wrong time the wrong kind of
eggs they were though I dying she
brought me eggs and I am very
appreciative that she went out and got
me eggs I do prefer cage-free eggs it
tastes different I think they're better
for you I don't know I eat so many eggs
you think no I it's a presumption based
on what it's a preference based on phone
just so you like the fact of a tree that
chickens better and I'm fine saying
saying that you think that the eggs are
inherently better I believe I'm gonna
call bullshit I believe the nutrition
consumed by the chickens in a cage free
environment is better therefore the eggs
would be better nutritionally okay
I have no science to back this up
so she got me eggs they weren't a pretty
but I'd let you she got this I also do
like that the the chickens are not in
that's that's fine
that's not yeah I'm okay with
the off switch says the problem is too
much read the title is read the game is
read the border is read my t-shirt is
read maybe taking off my shirt will fix
it that is against twitch rules what
have you change everything is blue and
then we just have to be playing a game
someday that's very blue right we can't
choose our game if damned if you doing
you damn to skip Delvian I chose red
because that's the local six years of
games that I find to John kilo who says
well after six years of constantly being
sick I was finally cured today but then
this layout got me sick again - hey John
fuck off how about that how about there
oh you fuckin fuckin imp brace 110 I
don't know what the story is behind the
light at the stores it's not up
obviously I think I just saw a tweet
when I check to see if the renew review
is up it said it was going to be up
later but I know as much as you guys
which is nothing
so I'm sorry I cannot elaborate mine oh
wait hold on kill roar emic frump says
broccoli bread is homemade bread in this
case with shredded broccoli mixed into
the dough like banana bread but worse
yeah I can see that being bad although I
do like zucchini bread have you ever had
you teeny good
okay zucchini bread is a lot like banana
bread but with zucchini in it and I like
that I just like broccoli just you know
put some spices some salt and pepper
I'm frightened some olive oil just like
you just like June
ran off floating platform let's see here
my name is Tate says it'll be great if
you put a bunch of random useless
information up there week to week also
how much are you charging for
advertising space on this lab see that
now that's a five minute make a charge
people have your time Dick's Sporting
Goods put a little logo up there to be
great
mister shy smile I don't worry mister
shy smile says he has a headache because
he's looking at this layout no I think I
think that's an exaggeration I'm gonna
you know I'm gonna look at this I'm
gonna turn off the sound on their phone
I'm gonna take a look at the school and
I'm a cellular device
and off the sound I think that looks
great
yes I think you guys are crazy this
looks great
that last ship will come to us because
they want classy
I'm watching her right now
looks great so I'm watching the stream
while taking part in the stream now I'm
gonna show you guys the stream as you're
watching the stream so there's a view of
the stream in the stream that you're
watching we're going super meta we're
going super met on this and then keep
this up for when the next subscribe it's
the red border that's giving you
problems I'm not lying the colors the
problem man
I am the dreamer TK I am the little
immigrant not not like fully fully
button we went out to lunch for Father's
Day and I had several Bloody Marys and
after my second wedding Mary and here in
Wisconsin Bloody Mary's come with a free
complimentary little beer chaser which
is great boom out so after those the
waitress informed me that because I was
a father on Father's Day I got a free
beer they were giving fathers a preview
so you know what am I gonna do turn down
free no I'm not gonna turn down food we
just got a tip I'm gonna see how see how
that tip looks here
curious to see how the tip one
oh that looks great oh it's great that's
a fantastic show
appropriate
would you would you care to join us in
our shenanigans I think that's a
beverage grab a cold beverage and I will
make some space for you why are you down
there could you grab me a cold beverage
- any cold beverage will do did you see
the progress I made on the things yes we
had an appropriate height yet or still
more I think so we're good cuz I can buy
more I can buy more new key tapes we've
I they have not been sending enough in
so I I can just go out all the thrift
stores to find all the new key tapes I
can yeah true I love that you're
drinking that
yeah
it's just funny seeing you drinking okay
I'm gonna I'm gonna just some things
guitar I've gotta have a chain gun I
forgot about my chain gun oh no I got
cocky I got cocky I just was just
shooting them in the face even though I
was spitting fire at me and I almost
died
well I survived
perhaps a fire weapons are so much more
fun than rocket launchers just
inherently by their very nature
do you do you write you
check-check testing the mic
testing testing we won't agree one two
three oh yeah you need to notice because
I'm a super awesome overlay so now we're
not I don't know those are the super
awesome is or how I would describe it
it's kind of ugly it's just mr. ed re
are you on the same page rich is that
why you're alive does that matter I mean
I I think it's great that you don't have
to deal with the green screen where we
had configure video the green screen we
can have the nice soft lighting in here
it's so much but and doesn't it just
look so it looks so pretty and I know it
looks pretty it looks like a big block
of run it looks pretty is what you need
to say you're welcome
everything's gonna be fine Jay have you
seen the red chip I have seen the witch
it's a fucking masterpiece it is flat
out a masterpiece I'm sure I'll have
more to say about it you know some sort
of video form but it's it's it's amazing
complain by first-time filmmaker it's
one of those movies where you see it and
you're like this is made by someone who
knows what the fuck they're doing that's
his first feature wow that's very
impressive oh yeah
layout is okay back then how is what
it's the more oh maybe maybe if it had
like instead of just solid red if
there's some texture or something they
suggested a great yeah some sort of yeah
something oh well you know what I did
make it today while they do so it says a
lot okay right I'm a little behind on
the test what does that have to do with
the game you guys let's see here mister
a sister Fister says please give a
genuine answer do you stand up or remain
seated when you wipe the answer says a
lot about a person
Lloyd beets says I like the new look the
only problem is with everything thanks
Lloyd feeds I am James it says I think
it's very inspired to change the layout
of a stream to mimic playing on a
virtual boy
Benji's laughing it is that virtual boy
yeah I may have to steal the look for
the little Bumbo also any interest into
streaming the original ex-cons not
demons vs onions fighting the hell I
like it when you punch him in the
fucking face that's my favorite part the
blue blaze says I like the idea of the
new border but I have two gripes first I
think you should swap the logo and the
webcam so both videos are on the same
side
oh so both videos aren't on the same
bottom side second the border is
brighter than the game mr. anonymous
says Jack used the currently wasted
space for rich to stream a more fun game
when the main stream is a jack rich went
on vacation yes and I got a solo stream
that played some things that I just
wanted the plate yeah nobody
well you know you bothers they'd be nice
to the man do you do you Jack the one
day it's your stream you play whatever
games you want
I had a great it gets probably say it
his birthday that's it
those are the only days that you have to
be nice to me every surface every other
day can just be no business as usual
is there any way to get the colors of
the border to sync up with the mood of
rock Evans I don't know who watch Evans
in this one probably nothing and I lower
down one I already have say yes I've
seen the witch it's a masterpiece
so now I have a new default answer
instead if I haven't seen it looks right
up my alley I have seen it it's a
masterpiece I've never seen them do it
oh yeah I've never seen them naturally
hit each other and start fighting
with his fucking face up someone did I
asked me what my favourite movie of the
year so far has been and my answer is
the way oh is that right which I
assuming that came out this year I think
it did I think it was early this year
what else is on the list
close enough what's on what's like the
top five um oh boy this year so far it's
only summer yeah I know I haven't seen a
lot of great stuff the green room is up
there I've heard r.i.p Anton Yelchin I
mean you heard about that oh yeah
someone tipped us the exact amount for
both Rick and I have to buy a copy of
that movie was just so we could watch it
yeah because I've been meaning to see it
it's great that's what I hear
okay so we got the world over the bitch
yes and it's a green room right whatever
good movies this year um I'd have to
look at my list of movies oh I'm Judy
saying which came out last year it did
come out last year that's a well but we
need to get a wide release it might have
played festivals and stuff last year
sure I always think of a I always kind
of wide release if I'm wrong and there
was a wide release last year then it's
still the best movie I've seen this year
I'm trying to think I don't think I've
seen a lot of great stuff this year yet
yep
fertilise the word we're discussing that
now by decent flex day has recently I
did just watch the documentary about the
I'm assuming you've heard about the kids
that did shot-for-shot remake of Raiders
of the Lost Ark yeah there's a
documentary now about that oh cool
that's yeah it's on VOD it's really good
it's really charming what I didn't know
is that they did the whole movie except
for one scene they never shot which is
the when the planes in the background
and Andy's fighting the big shirtless
football dude oh that's like one of the
big right and they never did that
obviously because they couldn't get a
plane I'm assuming and all sorts of
problems
so now as adults they did it and so
that's sort of the the frame that's sort
of the framing piece of the whole
documentary it keeps cutting back to
them in process of shooting that scene
it's really yeah it's really well done
it's really charming it's got good music
it has this weird editing style though
of their you know they're interviewing
the well now they're adults but we're
the kids and they'll be explaining
something and they'll be talking about
it and then they just start like like
fading out their audio in the middle of
a sentence and then fading up someone
else's interview audio it's really
bizarre it's a bizarre editing choice so
that's the only downside of it like
they're in the middle of explaining
something and I mean I guess you get
enough of what they say to know what the
point is but just having it like slowly
fade out while they're still talking it
does it a lot it's really weird is it I
mean are they saying boring things are
they fading out because as an editor
they're bored
thank you that's been turning away it's
kind of the equivalent of that yeah of
someone talking to you and you just like
it turning away yeah
oh yeah that was really good okay oh
let's see here just this guy you know
says happy Father's Day
Jack and if we're voting I prefer green
screen over the game but if you like
this
maybe that's a little also is jake going
to see clown oh yeah I already rented it
I haven't watched it yet though have you
heard of this clown is this the full
length that was based off of the hey
stuff like a trailer yeah but it's like
machete it's like it yeah and it's like
a body horror thing we're guys slowly
turning into some sort of evil clown I
know I've never seen the trailer I don't
know much about it but I was like I'll
give it a shot so no I just came out so
I rented it on VOD but I have not
watched it but like the parody trailers
old a few years I don't know when it was
originally made I know Eli Roth has some
involvement with it which means it'll
probably stock but Susan's period says
sorry I'm late
anonymous and I have a father I should
get it anonymous is Jack I'll say I love
the new look if you turn down the game
audio which is - I would say turn it
down on the TV right there picking it up
from the TV probably - right no I think
it's kind of loud that doesn't mean
anything maybe no you pushed it away Jay
I'm not ready to deal with your
shenanigans everyone the check can
confirm that I didn't go anywhere near
your phone oh my microphone and now he's
trying to cover his ass and that's fine
one Carnot diamond says Jack I just
wanted to say that I love you even if no
one else does thank you happy Founders
Day and I think your layout is great
even if it does look like Elmo threw up
on my screen
that wasn't heartfelt but the great look
MC Lucas hey guys I see the intention of
the border
a lot of people here's something getting
a lot of a for effort
I guess the type cummins here's
something that you need to understand is
when we started the stream I was going
through this whole border thing with
rich beforehand he didn't like it he did
not like but I was like oh I think this
is working these are my reasons he
wasn't so strongly against it that we
didn't use it and so I said let's give
it a stream let's see how it works out
yeah
immediately rich starts the stream and
talks about how he hates the way I'm so
what do you think the chance can do in
that situation
oh they're gonna gang up on you they're
gonna gang up on me because rich started
on there you in their defense though the
border is kind of ugly it's a red board
so just a plain red border but I like it
and so whatever but so that's why we're
getting so much talk about the border
again just like this is a controversial
thing I suggest dishing the border okay
fine the border is okay yes thanks and
I'm great Lord Belmont
Jay I bought the blu-ray of starry eyes
a while ago yeah finally saw it last
night it was awesome yeah oh yeah I love
that movie I think I probably talked
about it in heaven the budding star guys
sorry guys it's uh it's a horror film
about this young what's going on
you tried to steal my mic and today is
this oh we can't do it now but you gotta
tighten it here I think is the problem
you got it you gotta keep spinning it
around to tighten that sure okay yeah
but this year basically this young
actress in Hollywood that kind of sells
her soul to the devil to be famous
basically but it's very
moody and the lead actresses performance
is like one of the best performances
I've seen in a horror movie and really
or any movie in a really long time she's
really like fearless and and intense
starry eyes starry eyes
highly recommended it's great also got
Mulholland Drive and blue velvet yeah
blue velvet is weird well water is what
David looks Ruby is weird
that's not well I guess that's not your
Elephant Man isn't weird that's his most
like kind of humane movie that's the
exception that makes the rule though
yeah the only one he's one of his movies
I've never watched all the way through
his doom did you ever see dune I tried
just because I am a David Lynch fan and
I'm just like a child to be fair yeah I
was bored but I was also a child who
loves science fiction sure so I don't
know yeah dude no doing is weird even
for sci-fi nerds I know some people who
are super into the dune universe well
there's a bunch of books yeah yeah and I
hate the movie with like well the movie
got butchered too so I was thinking
about this the other day though I don't
even member how it came up but I was
thinking about like if that movie had
been a huge success if that had been
like a Star Wars like how if David
Lynch's career would have gone in a
completely different and less
interesting direction no I can't imagine
he would have cared
probably not he probably would have gone
around got around to making something
like blue velvet anyway he just would
have had a bigger budget for the next
weird project that's true yeah the
hitmaker David Lynch me makes that's
what I imagine an alternate reality
where his movies are huge blockbusters
and and stuff like the Avengers are the
fringe yeah that plays in the Indian er
yeah that is a world I can get behind
one small ball says doom doom I really
enjoy shooting the mini missiles they
remind me of the auto tracking bullets
from the Fifth Element yeah
there you go also uh agent 76 from
overwatch as has that super perk auto
tracking bullets really really great
perk if you're an overwatch player
that's all I can add to that I'm sorry
Luke 72w says Jack did you make that
god-awful fucking overlay to rake it in
on tips telling you that you should
change it first no but now I will every
week it's gonna get worse and worse week
I'm gonna make a new one and you guys
can tell me how much you hate it in tip
forms I will only accept criticism
through tips no I'm not that cunning I'm
not that cunning to try to steal money
from you in that way yeah Tiberius Kirk
says can you believe rich hasn't seen
Top Gun oh really
yeah I hadn't seen it until five six
years ago really I mean I knew the whole
movie just because you know through pop
culture osmosis but I never actually
watched the whole thing really yeah
that's such a that's such a mainstay it
wasn't it wasn't something as a kid I
was terribly interested in as far as the
subject matter goes sure I saw hot shots
before I saw Top Gun like it was like
fighter pilots and awesome as a child I
was not a fan of men's shirtless
volleyball know Tom Cruise being a
douche bag was the vibe I got from it
even as a child oh yeah that's just Tom
Cruise though in general he's unlikable
in that movie even though he's supposed
to be our hero why do we root for him in
Top Gun I don't know cuz cuz he's the
main character and you're supposed to
because he plays the best shirt because
his friend dies Oh or whatever that's
true goose goose
TVs Edward Norton Edward no what's his
name
something Anthony Anthony Edwards from
bench of the Nerds
eeeh from ER oh and Revenge of the Nerds
and Revenge of the Nerds of course you
thought it was Jon Cryer yeah and a Half
Men no second yeah no Jon Cryer was in
Hot Shots oh you scared yeah he had the
he had the giant glasses I think that's
why I never cared to see tough guns I
saw hot shots and it's like well this is
better than top guns gonna be why would
i watch Top Gun this one's funny guys
gotta see it
Hot Shots part dude was better though
than Hot Shots part one that's that's a
controversial stay I haven't seen either
of them since I was a kid but I remember
really liking the second one hot charts
part deux is that the one with the the
bloodsport RIF dipping your hands and
yeah they need tips hidden like hot
fudge and then gummy bears they pass
each other I loved you in Wall Street
damn now I want to rewatch the hot shot
movies that's fair I'll add him to the
list I wonder if those hold up like for
a younger audience if they would get
anything out of out of that I wonder I
mean it was so tied to that that kind of
like mid late 80s action movie yeah and
I mean those movies are still popular
that they're parroting and you don't
have to have seen the movies that
they're parroting for it to be funny
that's interesting that in like those
like spoof movies like date movie and
all
yeah those like if you haven't seen what
their paradeen you won't even get what
the joke is supposed to be right
but nobody's seen what they're parroting
well that's yeah they hadn't seen him if
you watch some of those I ain't heard
like they would watch the trailers for
these movies and then put jokes and
their movies based on things they saw
from the trailers so it's not even like
as it doesn't nothing to do with
anything
that would make sense because more
people probably saw the trailer than
something yeah exactly
we can only make jokes based off of
things that appeared in the trailer yeah
that's like I've never seen those
Airport movies but airplane is hilarious
that's true you know that's that's
that's what I mean like those they made
movies that were parodies but they're
also funny even if you hadn't seen what
they were parroting absolutely sure
shoot first of all you guys should
second of all
Jon Voight pencil says Jame have you
seen the border the border the more no I
don't know what that is great anonymous
says did any of you see well did any of
you see Ninja Turtles out of the shadow
no no why would we that seems like a
dumb idea like Jay watches movie for a
living watch his movies for a living and
he hasn't even seen even though yeah we
took a couple weeks off from half on the
bag because there's like Ninja Turtles
and Warcraft they're like let's focus
our attention on other other projects
for a little while I am excited to see
I mean I'll probably see it eventually
just because the arrow is in it as Casey
Jones
I heard he sucks in it too sucks in the
arrow so I can't really but I just want
to see him as a different character hmm
I just want to see that actor fail at
something else failed so much as the
arrow yeah I was like is he just a bad
actor why do people hire him he's got a
rockin bod that's it that's all he's got
that's it
don't recall where to go okay let's see
here what the real van says don't worry
rich the Eclair the you Clare municipal
band is a wind ensemble ensemble Blair
oh my god I know and our weekly
Wednesday concerts are not rock concerts
so you don't need to worry about it
being too loud plus it's free you fucks
oh I think they were sneaking in a
advertisement for the you Claire
municipal band wind concerts the sneaky
advertisement that's fine tender juicy
shack meat says J are you a fan of Clive
Barker's films Hellraiser and Nightbreed
uh yeah I don't mind Clive Barker he
only directed three movies which I
always think of him as doing more just
cuz he's so prolific with books I guess
okay think of his name but he only
directed three features um I don't think
he's a terribly great director I think
he's a great idea man I like those
movies I like Hellraiser a lot and night
breeds good but as far as like visually
is movies are kind of drab and boring
looking well they benefit from a more
visual filmmaker but yeah I love
Hellraiser and Hellraiser - how or
easier - as a scene that scared the nut
scared just grossed me out as a kid
where there's like a crazy person have
you ever seen any of those movies I saw
Hellraiser one ages and ages ago and
then they're they're in like a mental
institution there's this crazy guy that
thinks that's always thinks there's like
bugs under his skin I'm just like always
doing this and they give him a razor
blade and so he starts like hacking away
at his skin it's really grotesque yeah
it's great Lord of illusions with Scott
Bakula although I haven't seen that
movie I know I think I saw that movie
once like when it first came on cable
that's the only time I've ever seen it
I should rewatch it okay that's great
poke Alex in the eye says just wanted to
say thanks Jay rich Jack and Mike who's
not here for all the great entertainment
over the years keep up the good work and
happy Father's Day thank you poke Alex
in the eye thank you mama says hello
fellows have any of you guys seen the
show black mirror oh yeah we've talked
about black in here Emily yeah
Blackbeard was fantastic bleak somewhat
depressing sci-fi stories that imagine
you three would enjoy except for rich
because he hates everything
PS border rules apparently border rules
I will look into this I don't know what
this is yeah black mirror was great
oh yeah I was a little hesitant after
that first step of the pig fucking
episode that's there coming out of the
gate swing and you know because you guys
pitched it to me as like a sci-fi
anthology like oh yeah all the stuff has
something sci-fi on them to it and I
watch this first episode it's just about
a guy fucking a pig sci-fi here yeah
well they all have like a technological
aspect like something and that one kind
of does probably the least of all of
them right that is a harsh episode to
start it is it is the I think the next
one about digitizing memories is that
the next one is the the like gameshow
one oh yes and the people on the bike
yeah yeah that's a good one
the the one that really nailed it for me
was the restoring visual memory you
record everything and yeah that that's I
think my favorite episode you would have
full episode beautiful I heard they were
turning one of those episodes into a
movie oh really which I mean the show is
already was it like 45 minutes or
something like that seems unnecessary
but really easy I guess I don't know if
it's that episode or a different one I
just remember hearing about that the
only episode I haven't seen is that
there was apparently a Christmas episode
with like Jon Hamm in it but it's not
available on demand I think it's not
Netflix now oh is it but I haven't
watched it I remember when we were
watching it it wasn't and find that yeah
it wasn't there yeah yeah oh yeah great
job black mirrors is excellent yeah
great show they're doing an American
version and I'm hoping they're not just
remaking the episodes I'm hoping it's
new stories I think the the like
creative people involved with the
original series are on board okay I
think I don't know a whole lot about it
so if they are then that's fine
that's just gonna be the same show with
an American cast basically yeah that'd
be great
that'd be great jon Hamm's episode is
the best they're saying in jet yeah I
know it's christmas-themed great but I
have not watched it great
where guys hey Jay Jack rich
you guys are awesome what is your
favorite movie set in Seattle what I
have no idea
great I'm sure I've seen movies that I
like that a sudden Seattle that I can't
think of but up top of my yes Sleepless
in that's of course the first thing
everyone goes to my favorite movies are
set in Seattle that's a weird question
the what about the record store one is
that in Seattle record store one
high-fidelity hi Chicago no the one with
the with the musician coming to a record
stores Oh Empire accurate record that
movie sucks
I have no idea where that movie stood I
don't think it's Seattle named a movie
set in Seattle that isn't Sleepless in
Seattle free Fraser is not a movie set
in Seattle Chad reality would window
bytes
I hate reality bites singles
I hate all your naming all movies that I
hate seven I made fun of all those
movies on our meet him/her episode cuz
that's what that movie's fine the type
of movies that movie is trying to be and
I hate all of the Fifty Shades of Grey
okay we're done talking about movies
sentencing nothing good has ever come
out of Seattle that's the answer
nothing good ever I was making a joke
Collier de liquor says Jack you've been
using exception that makes the rule
wrong for years a sign saying paid
parking from 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. the
exception of the other times implies the
rule for the parking is free at all what
he's trying to give you a brain teaser
well so when you say the expression is a
exception to the rule the exception that
makes the rule so like the so meaning
the one thing that stands out apart from
everything else okay well that's the
same thing as saying exception to the
rule yes that's what I've always that's
how I've always said it and I've always
heard it the exception that makes the
rule so it's like you can you can like
the like for example the Elephant Man is
the one normal movie in David Lynch's
weird movie career yeah normal mug
calling the Elephant Man a normal movie
also is very strange but you can say
like yes because that is the exception
and it makes a rule because it is so
normal compared to how weird his
baseline is the exception that makes the
rule David Lynch is a weird filmmaker
hmm and he's so weird when he made a
normal movie that's his normal movie the
exception that makes the rule I believe
that sounds weird I'm gonna stick with
exception to the rule because it's more
streamlined it's go right and correct
great great the proof is in the pudding
you're right actor Jay what I've never
understood that one the proof is in the
pudding yeah I'm sure ties to some old
timey thing but I mean obviously pudding
but I don't understand what it means
I've never looked at a stupid thing
people say that does happen like fleek
what's the thing it is actually
pronounced fleek well if you're a weak
but I prefer to pronounce it Fleck
because that sounds better to me blare
down fleet come from and what does it
mean that's something that the hip young
kids say and it means like if
something's on point
if something's like correct right I'll
sure I get that but where did the word
like why fleek where did this come from
kids can say I'm 90% sure Jack's making
that one up
no fleek is a real thing me calling it
Fleck is wrong but no yeah I've heard it
before so fleek is a real thing as some
kids say cuz kids are dumb you know you
know what drives me nuts what I couldn't
care less
yeah that drives me nuts first thing
I've gotten corrected when I said I
couldn't care less
yeah that drove me doubly nuts and it's
so obvious it's so obviously incorrect
yep it doesn't make any sons
right left overview cake wants to know
if we will eventually play Hideo
Kojima's death
stranding I'll avoid it when it stars
Norman Reedus
how can we know your Norman Reedus
holding a tiny fetus it's a poem
Norman fetus Norman feet is holding the
gooey penis fetus little Norman fetus
holding Arita starring Reba McEntire
it's a trailer for a new game with
Norman Reedus yeah
mote motion capture and he's holding a
baby in his arms and then he looks down
we presume it's a game and it's black
goo in his arms and it's all artis fun
ok there's dead fish around him he's on
a beach or something I don't know no
there people fly it's crazy art its art
its art and it stars Norman Reedus yeah
yeah we'll probably ignore it for as
long as we can and then do a thing on it
and then everyone will yell at us
because we'll hate it probably what type
of game wasn't even supposed to be no
one knows Hideo Kojima has said that
such a worthless trailer Hideo Kojima
has said that he thinks that genres are
too constricting and he doesn't want to
be withholding to calling his game any
particular should this is something he's
really said he does want to be a bit
beholden to calling his game any
specific genre because it's more fluid
now and then everyone told him to go
fuck himself no everyone probably sucked
his cock boldly they wrote hey guys hope
you're all doing well I was wondering if
rich has seen the icon of sin Easter Egg
in the Necropolis level I've seen it at
Pearl I've seen like a video I didn't do
it myself it's a thing don't worry about
a great thing great anonymous wants to
know if this terrible overlay is
replacing best of the words yep just
gonna be a still image of this for every
best of the worst episode from now on
now we're long and fuck you
an hour long still image yeah I guess
you could look at it for an hour it's
just an image but it has to be an hour
some people see the running time they
think it's a regular episode and then
they click on it it's just an hour of
that oh okay great uh ray ckick says hey
Jay a first-time caller longtime
listener what's your favorite foreign
movie he only wants his American movie
um oh boy what a movie made by four men
like where do you drive a lot yeah well
that would be the room that movies not
just foreign that movies alien right
Robocop
Robocop is made by a foreigner um boy no
I really like city of lost children a
lot I like Run Lola Run it's fine for me
yeah um oh I really really like
Chungking Express oh that's a great one
that might be my favorite I haven't seen
in a very long time but I used to watch
it a lot the demons are talking to rich
lord Belma wants to know if Pumpkinhead
is any good pumpkin it's great I saw for
the first time maybe two years ago I've
never seen it
pumpkinette it's directed by Stan
Winston the effects guy I did like the
Terminator and aliens and stuff motion
no nut stop-motion he did creatures
effects Oh who's this time motion guy I
think in a Ray Harryhausen was that's
really much older generation I was not
the right yeah no Pumpkinhead is like
this modern like folktale it's Lance
Henriksen is in it okay and his son dies
and he goes to see this which like sort
of revives his son is this Pumpkinhead
creature it's really like the the
creature looks great as this real cool
like gothic look and feel to it the tone
of it Winston like made the life-sized
Terminator endoskeleton yeah terminator
oh yeah
he died maybe ten years ago now for some
reason I had stop-motion in my head
no yeah pumpkin head pumpkin head is
awesome did he do the stop-motion for
terminator no he just made the puppet
yeah he just did practical stuff okay
great worked on Jurassic Park I think
but it's the only movie there no he
directed another movie he only directed
two movies he had Pumpkinhead uh-huh I
did a movie called a gnome named norm
starring Anthony Michael Hall which it's
German title is something something
space cop really space cop is in the
title we have a copy of it over there
that's awesome oh rich remember earlier
when someone said that the game audio
was way too loud now they're saying they
can't even hear him but apparently that
was an hour ago and I'm only seeing this
now mmm so if you wouldn't mind just
turning it up a little bit well what a
great overlay look at it we get to see
it now it's so beautiful it's so clean
don't you think it's like oh god it's
like it's like it hurts my eyes to look
at oh my god it's like just like looking
into the Sun no one wants to do that you
should get a headache you should just
staring out of tips and the subscribers
come in they come into little bars above
us and it's all very professional
embrace oh do they actually do that yeah
it's like what are your kids tried to
make Modern Art
that's know they're way better carny
diamond oh fuck yeah black mirror
episode three is one about storing
younglings and it's by far the best yeah
it's incredibly difficult following your
screen as I don't speak day drinking
this is what you get today I'm sorry
yep that's a great episode I mean I
guess I was so put off by the pig
fucking upset because I had thought you
guys tricked me like oh wow
to show of all pig fuckin oh it's like
this is just a weird every episode is
gonna be somewhat a new person having to
fuck a pig it well our just thought it
was like a weirdo show yeah I know
that's that's the most extreme episode
so eventually I convinced Lisa she's
like no it's just maybe the second
episode is not about faith fucking but
it took us a couple weeks to get to the
second episode yeah it is it's a great
premise but it is a little extreme
Oh is your ending hindsight if that
would have been like the third or fourth
episode yeah we would have been all in
sure but we just went down with the
overall premise yet because of the
parking I understand but you know the
second episode bought the you know like
underground city or wherever and
everyone's riding the bicycle need a
break the wrong one you and you're
forced to watch advertising support
neither of us are greatest
then we were in then
this time it's lupus says hey guys just
wanted to thank you for everything
you've done I was in a dark place for a
while and best of the worst and half in
the bag to help keep me sane also space
cop is great any chance we can get a
sequel beats equal to space cop right
here right here right here
news on sequel to space cop there is no
news on a sequel to space gun that's it
that's our exclusive just this guy you
know says as long as J's here I'm really
liking a review oh cool there are so
many fun possibilities also maybe I
missed it didn't we ask about what
happened to best the worst or oh yeah
for another time
it well I mean yeah it's nothing wrong
with the episode there's no technical
issues or audio problems or anything
like that it's YouTube crap no no we're
trying to get sorted out and that's it
it'll be yeah yeah it'll be up later
this week definitely oh you're going
down I thought you fell into a fire pit
I didn't see the stairs that's a very
good episode by the way yeah yes I'm
very happy with how it turned out I'm
excited I saw your picture oh the the
whiteboard yeah
and I'm excited about what you're gonna
do with that picture so later this week
yeah great great good show shoutouts to
rich providing the gameplay so you can
talk about movies you guys are great
greetings
Thank You scoot crew she's just happy to
be playing dude this is such a great
game such a great game I lent my copy of
dune to a friend of mine who needs to
play doom because I think everybody
needs to play Doom because it's a great
game about punching demons but now my
five-year-old is upset because he can't
watch me play Doom and he loves watching
me play Doom because he loves demons and
blood and gore no that's great I love
him for that I've been playing overwatch
a lot lately and there's no blood
even's and overwatch he goes oh you're
playing this again you should just let
him watch Hellraiser just put that movie
on there's demons and blood in that I'm
sure he was a lover let him on tell
razor it's like I'm upset I can't play
doom either
hey hey Jack
rich and Susan are there any parodies of
movies or TV shows in the last decade
that you like Black Dynamite Oh Black
Dynamite is wonderful there's a ton of
shitty ones
I mean Hot Fuzz that last ten years or
is that too old now that's in the last
ten years how fo sho another day
yeah I know well I don't consider
especially not Shana the dad I wouldn't
consider a parody oh no its new its new
parody I don't think that's a thing it's
a totally a thing there was this was not
a parody of a specific movie its parody
of a genre it's not really a parody
though because it treats the genre
elements completely seriously it's just
a comedy set in a I don't new parody is
yeah is what new parodies like I I would
consider that more situational comedy
I'm on topic go on go on I apologize oh
it's great Jack you're saying the the
jokes about how slow the zombies move
yeah you can consider a parody Jose I
don't I wouldn't like I wouldn't say
someone's completely wrong for calling
it a parody I just think of it more as a
zombie comedy well it's it's a it's a
movie in which both parodies the tropes
of a genre while also staying true to
the tropes of the genre yeah I mean it
turns into a flat-out drama towards the
end sure when he's yelling the zombies
to get away from his mom and that's what
I love about that movie is that it's
really funny but it treats the the
horror elements completely seriously the
material with respect yeah yeah whereas
I think all the parodies did not do that
no
and you with a new moi no I don't know
if I like that I can't get by and
literally I'm making this up I remember
the more traditional idea of parody I
would say Black Dynamite Black Dynamite
is I actually haven't watched it in a
long time I need to revisit that one cuz
it's so arias so low 56 7 since hi J
Congrats on review love the new show and
can't wait to watch more PS did Jeffrey
Combs ever respond to your tweet he did
not that jerk we had a very serious
question
and now we'll never know we'll never
know the answer
it'll haunt me till the day I die
anonymous says if this overlay is
replacing best of the worst the new
overlay should be destroyed because it's
the worst yeah I would care more if I
wasn't drinking this might be like a
dumb non-video game person thing to say
but with the graphics in this game I
really like the detail in the
reflections of things I noticed it
earlier with all the blood on the ground
and I'm noticing on the gun yeah like
the level of detail in their reflections
is really nice by the way because that's
part of like a graphical settings where
if we had if you didn't have a mess of a
computer
oh yeah rich happens that very nice yeah
yeah no it looks great visually J how
does the console vision alright
get yours does nice notice those
reflections doom is a weird game where
it's so fast-paced I'm actually
surprised that J did notice stuff like
that I didn't necessarily pay attention
while I was playing it because it's such
a fast-paced game these are the things I
noticed cuz I don't care about the
gameplay right I'm just looking at the
images maybe you're just too good and
you just kill them all too fast
that was a good noise that also uh
whoever that was anonymous who asked
that question let's see here question
for J heard assault on precinct 13
mentioned in the recent review episode
if I recall you guys were not keen on it
could you elaborate on why I am I like
that movie oh yeah there well there was
that and there was a remake of it right
I haven't seen the remake that's with
like Ethan Hawke Brian Lawrence Misha
you're talking about the original yeah I
like the original okay I don't know why
Mike doesn't like it I've never really
talked to him about it there you go
speaking of console versus PC in
software's Tim Willits announced quake
champions will be a PC exclusive to
support fast food fight that would make
sense
my what does Jay think of the Franco
brothers remaking old bad news I don't
know what that means what happened I
don't know what that is I don't know
what that means I know James Franco is
doing a movie version of the disaster
artists which is of course the making of
the room I don't know if that's what
you're talking about I don't if that's
not what you're talking about then I
have no idea what you mean
right oh I didn't see that but I heard
great things about mother may I sleep
with danger mother may sleep in danger
have you heard of this no I don't think
it's a James Franco produced movie and
it's supposed to be like like one of
those like mother may I don't know
anything about this I've heard great
things the onion AV Club has a great as
a glowing recommendation of it okay and
it's a little hard to hear me because my
microphone keeps slow Varia taking that
shit you know it just very slowly Falls
from my place use your muscles
who are the Wanda Bulova Franco brothers
well there are chairs James Franco and
his brother dave franco are those so if
that's what you're talking about because
they are yeah then they're both in the
disaster artist movie okay um James
Franco's playing Tommy was so sure and
dave Franco is playing Greg Sestero oh
but they're not remaking a bad movie
they're making a movie about the making
of a bad movie what so I don't know what
I'm not too terribly onboard with James
Franco playing Tommy was so I think they
should have had Tommy was so play Tommy
was so because he'll be bad even as that
that's fine
that's the only way you could make that
movie at least you'll get something
interesting I'm not interested in seeing
James Franco do it tommy was so
impression the movie might be fine I
mean the books good
kill him faster neighbours tea was crap
well there's a shocker I know it did
well neighbors did one neighbors
neighbors too did not do well oh it did
not no no ohh
because nobody cares calm comedy sequels
in general usually do poorly that other
Zac Efron movie the bad grandpa yes that
also did great
yeah well no he's got to help juice now
rich no yeah you got a handle the hell
juice
are you literally in hell in this game
yeah parts of it okay
you start on a base space base on Mars
and they are studying the effects of
using hell energy to power humanity okay
and they discover unfortunately that you
know you can't really harness how energy
because in beam engine shit oh sure
so you play as doom Slayer you are
literally your only purpose is in case
shit goes south to kill all the demons
all right shit once out so you were
comedy sequels need more people trapped
in mechanical Rhino asses absolute where
where were those days I didn't like that
movie when it came out I was a huge fan
of the first ace ventura because I was
when everybody's been when that came out
the appropriate age to find that movie
funny Joe and then yeah the sequel came
out it was lame except for that Rhino
scene that is pretty great just because
it's so bizarre mmm-hmm but the whole
thing I can't watch either of those
movies now
I even this isn't I even watched and
liked a lot of the thumb movies okay
that no god it's got a funny face and
it's a parody it's fine but then you see
a Spencer and you go oh yeah yeah 22
Jump Street is the only good comedy
sequel in recent years that's that Lord
and Miller yeah they know yeah those
guys are good they know what's up they
take lame Hollywood ideas and somehow
turn them into interesting movies did
you see that 22 Jump Street I haven't
seen any of them okay I mean the first
one is a fine enough it's okay as far as
a comedy goes the second one goes full
gremlins to where it's like completely
making fun of the original movie and the
idea of making a sequel to the original
movie it's pretty it's pretty good is it
rumored or is it true that for 23 Jump
Street it's them joining men in black I
think that's true that's awesome which
is well if Lord and Miller involved it
could potentially be great I don't know
if they are I don't know anything about
it but yeah if they're not then who
knows sure
yeah I will I mentioned I mentioned
seeing green room and yeah he was the
lead actor in that yeah there's so many
like bland boring young actors and he
was actually kind of interesting yet he
had potential he's really good in green
room hey better go see green room
and he's really great really green he's
really he's really good in a terrible
movie Joe Dante Dre
the only reason I saw it is cuz Joe
Dante directed it called burying the X
okay and he's the lead guy in that and
he's way too good for the movie cuz the
movies shit but he said before he was
anything or was that um this was like
last year oh really
yeah so he was sort of I mean he had
done Star Trek already maybe he was only
in it because of Joe that that's the
only reason I watched it sure there's
some fun Joe Dante old-school b-movie
references
Dick Miller shows up for a cameo looking
like death which is sad but it's not a
good movie he was Kyle Reese oh that's
right he was in Terminator Salvation I
forgot about that
oh but everyone forgot about the
Terminator Salvation I didn't hate it as
much as everybody else if you look at it
just as like a separate from the
Terminator franchise and just as like a
Mad Max movie like a Mad Max world with
giant robots parts of it are okay yeah
yeah it falls apart towards the end when
it actually tries to be a terminator
movie good I thought it was at least
more interesting than Terminator 3 which
was just a remake of Terminator 2 well
kind of it adds some new elements at
least and climatically it expands on it
yeah yeah Richard sorry it's fun that's
never happier than when he's
decapitating demons ah carne de Men says
I haven't watched your III discussion
yet but what do you guys think of the
new god of war I assume rich is pretty
excited about it because it's a
story-driven third-person shooter do
people ask questions like that at this
point just to try and just bug you the
poke yeah poke the bear did you guys
watch the the Friday the 13th footage
yeah yeah I enjoyed it I think I might
fall apart as a game really yeah hmm I
was just looking at it as some sweet
Jason kills is that gonna get old if
there's not enough variety in the kills
how do you know there won't be enough
variety we don't there's a lot we do
there's a lot there's a lot of questions
yeah a lot of questions you know like
the question of like balancing player
movement versus Jason's like omnipresent
vision like no sure the game element
there's a lot in here
yeah visually it looks right though yeah
yeah
there's more to a game than that though
that's that that's all I care about
because I'm never gonna play it why do
you go play Uncharted have you guys ever
I'm assuming you haven't played it but
if people recommended do you play a game
called until dawn yes does anyone know
yet Steve that's the visual novel that's
the one made but I want to know I'm
gonna get this wrong of course I think
that's the same guy that's doing Detroit
okay
it must be somewhat popular right cuz I
had heard of it yeah but I just found
out the other day that it's written by a
guy named Larry Fessenden whose is a
like a indie horror filmmaker NEX and
stopped to he's been at a ton of stuff
and I was like oh he wrote that that
actually makes me curious about it now
because he's an interesting interesting
guy it's an interactive until dawn is an
interactive drama survival horror
adventure video game yeah
interactive drama survival horror
adventure video game developed by
supermassive games and published by Sony
originally scheduled uh who cares it is
written by Larry Fessenden though right
making sure I'm thinking to the right
game yes by a guy resident and Graham
Resnick designed by Nick Bowen directed
by will miles none of those names mean
anything to me I thought it was interred
because the he does like Larry Fessenden
like he's written in directed movies he
acts in a ton of stuff a lot of tons of
like indie horror things he kind of does
a little bit of everything sounds like
Annie brought a fucking video game like
Jesus he does it all he does it all
until dawn is designed to be played
multiple times as players cannot see all
content with a single playthrough each
playthrough lasts about nine hours in
length and the game mechanics utilize an
in-game system called the butterfly
effect in which any choice of action by
the player may cause unforeseen
consequences later
that sounds like a lot of the add miss
agree there's nothing you would have any
interest in but my interest was piqued
when I found out it was written by a guy
who has done good work sure sure it's
it's what it's that I think that's a
tough thing with the game where it's
like it might be a neat story yeah but
then like can that story last nine hours
right
