Episode 592
DOOMButt()()
August 2, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aQXS5HNiJAs
___________________________________________

my god are we streaming we should Evans
are we streaming yes yes that answer is
yes can everybody hear us in theory in
theory they can if we can there's a
delay to the other people in the room
right now there's a delay on the chat
yeah if people say this problem will be
a whole flood of comments Carrie yeah
you know what that's fine oh okay so
they can hear who else is here
who I am rich I'm Jay I'm calling
Colin's mic is far away from his mouth
you got to put it right up by your mouth
like right here there you go yeah I
don't know we have a very messy setup
here with all these mics everywhere it
is what it is it is what it is Jack may
or may not be here later having some
kind of home thing probably had to watch
the kids something with his wife I don't
know I think somebody blew up is the
problem somebody there was some sort of
spontaneous combustion did one of those
kids just catch on fire spontaneous
combustion is like my worst nightmare
the idea that you could just suddenly
just explode out of nowhere poochy had
to go back to his home planet yeah but
he sends his love
maybe he didn't specifically say that
but we'll just assume so Colin here to
play doom for the first time there's no
camera tonight it's just audio what pick
a difficulty man oh man okay so what
there's only three there's there's also
nightmare an ultra nightmare there in
red okay if you're a crazy man you can
go do a plank thank you yeah alright
that's fine that's fine
I haven't played and I know I got it
like a funky ass set up oh yeah we'll go
through what key does what yeah
Oh speak up Colin and turn on your mic
okay also there is no better there's no
video apparently well there's no camera
but are you seeing the game there's no
cam but can you see the game alright
there really should be
why isn't there
well we're just gonna have to entertain
through audio I guess it wouldn't be the
first time a VR for the blind thank you
am i so why is there not showing up am i
still very quiet
I see it's probably like
oh I hate my life wait now there's a
picture over there are they seeing
something now for no good reason - did
you start working I just looked in our
back fridge I was gonna grab a beer and
I was shocked at how little beer is left
[Laughter]
[Music]
basically what this means to the chat
and this also starts the level so you go
to resume you'll come to that that'll
that'll be in game I don't know what I
just I didn't I didn't realize the color
but no idea what he's like this is the
first time very first time okay zoom No
we're working on it we're working on
columns like check check check you're
getting you're getting mauled by demons
by the way
[Music]
siblings yes talking talking hi
check check check check testing yes
jiggle-jiggle the cord on the back we've
had issues with us here okay check check
check one two three check check check it
was working before we started we we did
this Rich's loud and clear rich is
always loud and clear
what is rich net loud rich is real loud
I'm with mine a little far from face all
right
maybe maybe this will suffice what we
just did and maybe a woman oh no this is
a disaster nightmarish I'm reading how
do you do this every week you normally
have it set up but every single time we
set up anything the next time we do it
the exact same way and nothing works
every single time yeah where's the very
sorry very sorry we're just worried how
how is is college now Chad J audio nice
you got that right you get better this
is poolside okay Collin is loud that's
almost loud what is he too loud no
better now fine okay whatever is it
acceptable because that's that's our
requirement is it tolerable then it's
good enough for us we're going says
we're good so we're good it's Canadian
Jessie okay we're good mmm-hmm it says
levels a friend all right cool then we
will make do you know what the hell okay
I'm gonna die that one side button kind
of underneath where your thumb is that's
just from here this one that is boner
that is both the jump and spacebar ones
flashing that thing okay God Almighty
okay
sorry shit okay so that's right so we
got to walk over to the door okay so let
me just get yeah yeah get your bearings
so this is jump shoot right the right
mouse button you don't have weapon mods
yet that doesn't weapon mind this is
like oh it is okay it does something
later or just do anything now okay so
let's jump this is me lay yep this is
shoot pretty simple just strafing jump
melee shoot and then this button here
yeah but opens the door when you get to
a door and also good I double the top
what is escape that's like a menu okay
is this a part of the game this is the
controls okay so this one this one is
open this is no one the middle one is
opened door okay all right I mean this
is crouched what you're almost never
gonna use anyway they want to know the
secret to your eternal youth no kidding
no Colin is 65 oh yeah like last week
right 65 yeah happy birthday thank you
nobody told me thank you very much
yeah okay so here yeah you go to that
thing next to the door oh I see okay
sorry guys this is very different for me
oh my god it's a holographic David Bowie
oh this is like Prometheus it is yeah
that's like yeah again the Prometheus
vibe will become as convoluted and
confusing on sensical
interesting you enjoying your trip yeah
it's been amazing amazing so far the
weather is great the beer I can't
believe the beer selection in Milwaukee
it's like insane it's staggering
it was it like even if the it's like a
winged place today and it was like yeah
we've got like like 30 beers on tap it
was like what was like no bar in Toronto
has 30 beers on tap okay so whenever and
is like yeah enter
guess I'm putting on the outfit this is
so cool
when the first one came out it was like
I was going to Sheridan in Ontario and
then we'd always like go back to my
friend's house and he always had like
the hottest PC at the time he's like you
gotta check out this demo like doom and
it was just like couldn't believe how
amazing it was did you play like the
Wolfenstein and all that sort of stuff
my for my birthday like I didn't even
know it existed my dad just gave me a
fish tank routine that was child
really how old were you oh dear I think
I played Wolfenstein like once how old
was I in was an IDE and e1 came out or
92 you were 47 I was like 12 or 13 I'll
are they like Nazi werewolves or
something is there weird animals in that
game luggage dogs you can shoot but
they're just like German Shepherds okay
which is like guard dogs is there some
game with evil werewolf people that's
just like that where you run around and
shoot them am I am I thinking of a game
that actually exists there's a number of
games from my era people from that era
that looks just like that we just go
around the rooms and shoot people okay
Laurie kills so when they're going like
red weather weather blue yo or orange
we're after them and do the bailing fuck
the mail
yeah yeah that take some take some come
get some like that oh so I can do Cory
cases yeah people are asking who who is
in the room right now it's Jay rich
calling in April and I'm a friend from
Canada Jack's actually here but he's
just sort of sleeping behind the couch
we did what we didn't want to wake him
he looks so peaceful passed out he's
been day drinking a drink too much
cooler of all he found that new XO
cooler at the store and he just bought
well I call Carlos Carlos full of it but
and he's just been doing nothing but
drinking at you cooler for like last
hour have really really it's pretty
tasty I don't have like a nostalgia for
it like I know I drank it when I was
younger but I don't have like us some
people are freaking out about the ecto
cooler really yeah people are going nuts
for it
there's a green syrup it's it's it's
like it looks like engine coolant okay
so this is the how do I switch weapon oh
it's the up and down in the wheel also
you're gonna hold that wheel the middle
button down and that you can like it's
more useful when you have more than two
weapons I'm just gonna cool yeah yeah
Suzie oh sorry sorry sorry sorry
I'm just wondering it Oh God how do you
get what how do you extend your hand in
friendship
I just want to talk to them talk to them
and got to know him you could work your
differences out you shake hands instead
of the glory Kelly you hug them and I
don't know don't know Colin is a
professional a special effects person it
will help that was base god mm-hmm
you've seen him on best of the worst
quote-unquote you you've worked on the
movies I have yeah some very very
terrible movies I was like space cop no
space cop was my favorite movie to work
on I was really impressed with that that
one shot in Robocop what the Oh was the
guitar yeah yeah no that was yeah that
was good
I never eventually saw the movie it was
really boring did you say was that shot
in Canada yeah sure oh no and it was
very funny because like the very first
show my first job in the visual effects
industry was working on the Robocop TV
series oh that's right that was a
Canadian production yeah it was like 94
and you could really tell it was a
Canadian crook I've only seen a really
bad and that was shot in Toronto and
then like very last job in visual
effects before I went into commercials
was working on the Robocop movie the
reboot it all came to a shot in Toronto
head reusing the same shot the same
stores yeah yeah you can only like they
filmed the whole movie in like a
one-block radius oh my god and that was
one of my favorite i think it's that
means you've worked on multiple Robocop
yeah none of the good ones
no no walk to the dock where the arrows
on the edges of the screen or pointing
to let's see thank you
oh this thing okay yeah I used to like a
little yeah
first uh yeah take that
yeah and it was kind of sad cuz Robocop
was one of my favorite movies like a
vault I'm like that's my top ten so I
was working on this horrible TV show oh
my god and it was like the TV show is so
kid-friendly it was just now wasn't
there there was a TV show and wasn't
there also some sort of miniseries yeah
there was a three or four TV movies yeah
I heard those are actually okay yeah
I've never seen any member they were
much later I think they were in the I
heard they're closer in tone so like
Robocop 1 & 2 I think so yeah I never
saw them but yeah but it was very funny
I don't know who they got some Canadian
actor to be Robocop in that miniseries
and it was kind of comical I think he
was in a movie or a TV show called the
hitchhiker or something like that
mmm and he's so short like this like I
swear to god he's barely over 5 feet
like he's 5 feet too and it's so fucking
funny watching him in this suit and I
don't think they could build him a
custom suit know this thing so he's kind
of like clunky stuff oh my god it is
hilarious
so he's a Robocop mini always but he's
so tiny and it's just yeah and he's like
every single person in the show is like
about a foot taller than him you can
look up
I think clips on YouTube and stuff like
that it's really really funny yeah I
always kind of intended to watch it I
think it was on Netflix for a while yeah
and I never I never saw any of it
I want to say like late 90s something
like that I can't remember I never saw
it but I saw it clips online and it was
just the actor was just comically small
it's very very funny okay so we do that
glory kill thing that drops em oh oh
okay I see me yeah does it give you help
this is a pro gaming channel walking
around that's for sure shit is there any
way to reload or there's no there's you
just never yep
is there anyone rich that doesn't like
this game is there been any negative
news you can find box out there there's
someone you could find a complaint about
anything that's very much it usually
it's me I hate that thing that was
popular is doomed the one thing but and
can break through that's in your heart
rich yes do melted my heart warms the
cockles of your heart hey I mean
literally that demon melted my heart all
right
they jump at it
all right you can jump that huh you can
climb things really yeah what jump
jumping forward what yeah it's it's
doing parkour well this is cool oh
there's like armored shards yeah yeah so
what what makes this game challenging
because it seems like you're kind of a
badass that can do anything well that's
part of a charm
sure but what what makes the game a
challenge more and more demons
okay like this is the first stage J sure
no I'm just asking in general well I'm
curious about it seems kind of just oh
there's there's there's definitely
tougher monsters in the game is that
you're facing in the first I'm just
gonna have a sip of beer horn I remember
playing doom 3 and I really hated that
game that did not feel like a doom game
at all
I don't know here's the weird thing I
liked it at the time yeah but I've tried
playing it after playing this in
countries just like garbage it just
doesn't feel so dull
it was almost like they're trying to do
like a half-life famous yeah introduce
the story from below half-life is one of
my favorite games of all time
but that did not feel like dude Jim was
more kind of like energetic and running
gun
blowing up flotsam oh hell yeah the
credits haven't even started that's
pretty cool I like it
drew threes just it's different it's
it's dull in hindsight yeah it's pretty
boring well I found it very scripted
because you'd always be walking down
these hallways it felt like they were
kind of manipulating you into like areas
and then something would jump out yeah
it's a spelt very scripted and not I
don't know didn't feel like dude there
are all those audio logs which yeah kind
of me but I mean they definitely slowed
the game down yeah I nobody cares about
that
stephannie demon game oh here's the
thing doom actually has a really neat
more I mean it's nothing I think so it's
this merger of science fiction yeah and
and like satanic demons is this hell you
go to hell in this game right now this
is Mars oh you're on Mars yeah you got
your ass tomorrow yes Tomas
did you ever see the new movie Jane so I
saw in the theater really I think we
went to see something else and it was
sold out so we had so we were there and
it was like around Halloween time so
like we shall have something more ish
I'm hitting the wrong button
yeah sorry that's what I'm learning it's
always end
and well it is because I don't have to
keep work I don't know all right that's
like using the medicines controls I can
do you want me to uh not at school when
I get set it up the normal way I've got
you got right now these are my fucking
keep on denying my views to reaching me
quickly honor
yeah the do movie oh my god it's
terrible that one else's
I assume this is the less rich I assume
this is the last stream before you all
flee to Canada to escape Trump's rap oh
no I don't makes you think we're not in
Canada right now we could be streaming
from anywhere yeah we actually fled
Canada because of the whole brexit thing
there's nowhere to go there's nowhere to
go we're insane yeah we're just gonna
flee
we're would doom no matter who wins this
election hey what just happened somebody
shot you from the site don't you all do
Dan Ronan a whole yeah I don't remember
much about the dune movie doom movie
except there was that one part when it
was looked like the video game where it
was like oh yeah the only good wasn't
demons it was like mutation some sort of
virus is something like that so stupid
and it was like wait it felt like it was
way too late it was very like - yeah it
was Karl Urban than that yeah it's rock
I barely remember it we just saw because
we were at the theater and what we
wanted to see was sold out I think the
rock was like he was he was the bad guy
in the end I don't so he liked jump you
just fall oh that's wicked
I like everything is just so simplified
the only thing I've seen from the new
movie was the first version sequels yeah
yeah it's probably things of the Modine
then that's it yeah it's it's really
terrible
because like it I can tell this is
surprising because video game movies
have such a good track record yeah this
free stream that was yeah like a rare
you know misfire as anybody have you
seen Warcraft and you know no no I
didn't care that trailer looks we're
like we could do it for having the bag
or we could focus our attention on
videos that we want to make yeah what
can you say about the only the only
thing that piqued my interest a tiny bit
is just that I like that director yeah
we stir if ik Duncan Jones Anka Jones
David Bowie's son that was a torch did
moon that was like Moon is great I
remember Jim and I went to see that
weird it didn't have a very wide release
or honor oh shit you know that done took
greater color okay damn it you're not
doing so great get better big in China
apparently the Warcraft yeah it's huge
it made like 300 million or something in
China that's a huge Warcraft following
but the thing is in North America 10th
oh yeah
tanked so I don't know this is like a
kind of new era and newbies for you know
foreign foreign gross can kind of like
dictate whether it's gonna get like a
sequel or not has that been happening
with the new Independence Day I know
that hasn't done very well at the u.s.
box office yeah yeah I don't think so
it's probably not gonna do obviously as
well as so Mike actually likes an
independent state yeah and it's taking
at the box office
yeah that's my everybody sends me an
email after I've watched Jurassic world
for the first time I couldn't get
through an hour of it was terrible and I
emailed him like What did he say
somebody else who was it what they gave
me shit about liking it yeah everybody
everyone yeah I never heard back from
him you hurt his feelings
take some
yeah I got dinner
what's the story with Jurassic world -
is there like a director attached or
[Music]
billions yeah like Jurassic - it was a
lot it was one of the biggest movies oh
I know I'm not doubting I have no idea
remember what it was yeah there I've
already heard like the actress talking
about it
bring back Jeff Goldblum oh he's clearly
willing to he's yeah yeah he
single-handedly makes Independence Day -
a lot more entertaining to watch he'll
come back but only under any
circumstances I thought it was great
seeing him in a big movie even though I
didn't like independent states you all
that much just see that it was like
because he hasn't done a big thing like
that in a while let's be like very
likeable I tell you when I probably say
no he's got to be in his 50s yeah late
fifties I think probably her he's very
cool dude I saw him in Vancouver I went
to checked into a hotel in Vancouver and
then I went to the elevator and he held
the elevator for me oh and Jeff oh yes
he's very very tall he's like oh yeah
six foot six or six foot five and he was
wearing a big long
red leather trench coat mmm they just
look like this Rockstar oh my god Jeff
go boom and then is this the two of us
and then more people kept getting in the
elevator and I guess he was like he kept
going no more people yeah no no no and
then he could that's why most Jeff
Goldblum me I think I could never have a
MIDI walked out of the elevator he left
like nervous cuz of all the people all
the people are kept kept coming in he's
like no no no too many people in there
eight and then he left the elevator and
then the elevator door closed and we
were going up and then some lady turned
to her husband and said was that the fly
and I went to my hotel room and then
turn on the TV and he was in like am a
commercial hi I'm Jeff Goldblum I
forgetting okay blue axis only I need a
card yep because it's doomed through
doom Nene cards it's it's really cool
unfortunately this card is really easy
to find Oh unfortunately or fortunately
fortunately
it's adorable but someone in the middle
one on that top of the mouse he's using
my goofy ass control yeah it's pretty
sweet I've got a mouse with eight
buttons and I got most things map to
that yeah
and I'm using like a little tiny and
number pad tiny number pad keyboard
they're asking us about some Canadian
show called Letterkenny letter do you
know this letter Kenny I've never heard
of it
I don't know does it have maybe Kenny
Kenny Kenny and Spenny
are they Canadian yeah yeah I don't
think I've ever watched that show very
it's very funny and oh yeah it's not
great it's supposed to be a reality show
but swear you can tell it's very like
scripted people just showing up this is
Colin from Canada uh J is here and April
also from Canada hello I am rich if
you're very very new he stumbled in here
by accident no is that a grenade I got
yes under the button you punch people
with is the grenade okay and they're
infinite that just take time to recharge
no the one you punch people this yep
you're standing right next to it shit
it's okay okay so what these are
actually two buttons so the two buttons
oh so the top one is melee yeah and this
one is grenade yes I'm getting it now
I'm on the trolley
Lord Belmont says has anyone seen the
little girl who lives down the lane
1976 when Jodie Foster and Martin Sheen
no I know just got released on blu-ray
but I haven't seen it
everything heard of it hey it might have
been a made-for-tv movie possibly but
yeah I was curious about it especially
now that it has a blu-ray release but I
haven't seen it
they also say also J I might be seeing I
might be seeing me I'm demon tonight oh
what a movie it's probably my most
anticipated movie of the year and I even
had time to see it it's the guy who did
Drive nice women often drive but as same
as saying before is that it feels like a
movie that was specifically tailor made
for me
yeah it looks so synth music soundtrack
is good you said yeah the soundtracks
great Mel Fanny whose I think I've only
ever seen her in super 8 oh and then
which is really good I think she didn't
speak in it
and Christina Hendricks is it her madmen
the red tape yeah he was also enjoying
it yes
yes boilers for drive but yeah neon
demon just visually
oh man that trailer like so sexy crazy
garish Dario Argento colors and synth
music and creepy perverted stuff it's a
movie made for me and I can't wait to
see it I just have a ten-time looks
amazing pretty much I think I've only
seen Drive ya know he's got like
Bronson's really great and that's pretty
different and the prisoner what people
think of him now I haven't seen the
pusher movies I've heard those are good
they're great that was when I think was
Mads Mikkelsen his first movies yeah
they're terrific they used to be on
Netflix but not anymore
yeah I need to see those I was trying to
think of good like first Star Trek
episodes for you to watch it I kept try
to think of episodes that had like
creepy weird a bodyboard but there's
lots of creepy weird ones there's a
there's a next gen episode where Jordan
slowly turning into like a yeah yeah
sold this is the one they had those like
slugs in their mouths and it was like
the most violent thing I've ever seen on
TV and then the guy exploded Ryker and
never shot a that was like that was Gene
Roddenberry's like way of saying fuck
you the studio's there's one episode of
the first season of Star Trek there's
just like a completely unnecessarily
gory scene yeah oh my god yeah we're an
alien like explodes that's gone right
Picard shoot it and then it's like
dissolves and explodes and then it's
like you see the guy's ribcage and this
like alien comes up is like fuck you I
think it was done as a fuck you to the
studio by Gene Roddenberry oh yeah
that's great
I couldn't believe that made it to the
air who's that that's funny shit
damn stinking up the joint in this game
don't worry about it they just want to
hear you talk about like exploding alien
chests first time yeah it's my first day
so we're not judging you except the ones
were judging us there they're in the
minority who's this combat support drone
there's an early next-gen episode with
non-consensual cloning yeah that's a
really viable clothing is sort of a
scary idea though they still people's
DNA that's creepy well the weapon Iman
and they're secretly making clones of
huh that was season one it might have
been taken if it had the other doctor it
was definitely not Beverly Crusher Yeah
right then ask me see glass yeah I think
so Pulaski right but what does this do
what oh this is your first weapon mod do
you want exploding bullets under
structure or do you want the charged
burst exploding then click on that so I
just click on it
Sen Tian oh wait hit like I did get rid
of the tutorial message yeah look now
hold down the right mouse button now
when you shoot that'll explode oh sweet
it has to recharge they're gonna get
like one shot oh cool takes in 2030
seconds to recharge Hey
test this out on someone
a friend so the new movie was still
disappointing that the rock actually
apologized for the wedding do fans yeah
oh really
also hi everyone apparently this is what
they're saying we can't wait in the
future for him I have to apologize for
letting Big Trouble in Little China
thing I don't know I've heard he was
like getting ahead of that apologies
like we're gonna get John Carpenter
involved yeah oh yeah but there's like I
don't care yeah yeah I wanted yeah
excited LT he has more involvement with
the Halloween movies coming out because
I'm dating him they're like oh didn't
touch to use like I don't know I haven't
heard from anybody yet yeah it's just
it's just yeah I'm just serious
here's the question because it was kind
of a box-office flop yeah but I love it
so is Big Trouble in Little China is
that in the realm of movies that should
never be you know I think I think so I
think it's still regardless of
box-office it's still a good movie
really movies that aren't good yeah or
that have potential would help ya know
about it that would be like wanting to
see oh yeah it's like over the years
it's like it's a kind of beloved hit you
know II know it is the same with I mean
yeah every John Carpenter would say but
the thing that was a flop when it came
out now everyone thinks it's one of the
best horror films ever made because it
is John Carpenter does he have the
record now for most movies remade by his
single filmmaker and they had done over
half of his movies pretty much it's like
sitting pretty he just gets like what
are they guys we got Halloween assault
on precinct 13 now they're doing big
trouble little China
the thing surprise they're not doing
pencil dry mean the thing wasn't they'll
get it was pretty much a remake but they
see Prince of Darkness that's a movie I
like that movie a lot but you could
probably remake that and do a bigger
kind of more makes a bigger better
version of it as much as I like that
movie yeah we make something like that
remake a lesser John Carpenter or just
don't remake anything knows that there's
a John Carpenter movie that I think
should be remade they live that could
stand a remote well I love that movie
but I know it's not perfect maybe they
could update it you could you could yeah
maybe expand on some of the themes of it
I do love that movie as it is what my
opinion my personal opinion is that
movie is largely one great scene and a
lot of mediocrity yeah it's gonna be
slow to ever yeah it's a great premise
that that kind of Falls a little bit
short on expanding on that whole world
but the scene where he discovers what's
going on and I might be talking out of
my ass but I think I heard something
about them they they I'm sure they're
talking about it it was kind of like
recently like they live oh okay so I
would not be surprised I think when are
they gonna remake ghosts of Mars Jesus
Christ that's when they could remake
excellent even know if he can make that
premise work everybody yeah sucks I just
watch that recently news which so bad
Joseph Mars yeah that was his last like
major theatrical release and that's what
he's like I'm doing that was so bad and
like ten years later he made a little
movie called the ward okay ish but
ghosts of Mars was like didn't have like
flashbacks within flashbacks oh yeah
that so many dissolves and that moves so
bad so bad it sucks too cuz it's got a
great cast like like Pam Grier is in
that movie yeah it's such a weird
eclectic casts like Jason stages and
Statham
Pam Grier should have played the natasha
Henstridge role that would
better yeah was the fog that gern carpet
dorothy was that based on that Stephen
King yeah oh yeah they remade the fog
rich do you want to play for movie sound
many movies it's like he gets paid yeah
X he said you know he gets a million
dollar check yeah for doing nothing
let me get rich showing how this game
should be played no I'm not very good
they want you to talk about the fun
thing I'm gonna I'm gonna bite the fun
thing right when I get home for the ps4
sadly I don't have a PC for gaming so
I've got an iMac that's about it would
you ever think about getting or building
a PC for gaming
no I don't want to have to deal with
windows and I'm not like I don't play
enough games that weren't a PC purchase
understandable I think if you do the
math with how cheap Steam games are yeah
eventually you come out ahead but yeah
buying a gaming PC which I can see that
with us much as I have on here first
games go yeah I don't really use my iMac
very much I mean like I was using it for
space cop and stuff sometimes but I
don't know I don't like going downstairs
in the right computer room my key down
there or there ghosts are you scared of
ghosts nuts yeah it's not haunted that
you know of yeah well what if it is the
fact that you don't know is what makes
it scary
oh it just always feels like I'm kind of
I don't know going into the man cave
I like being where it's like sunlight I
kind of just over stairs where you know
you're saying I'm going downstairs and
it's like I'm committing to like yeah
this is it I'm going to play games and
coming out by the way I don't know I'm
going back if you haven't seen Big
Trouble in Little China watch it it's
great right now right now stop watching
this yeah we had a group screening of it
the other night and it is played like
gangbusters I had forgotten how like I
mean I do love that movie but it's like
I remember showing it to a friend of
mine her boyfriend he was Sarah and her
boyfriend came over and they'd never
seen it and we played it and it just did
not play to the at all like it was just
that's amazing yeah it receives regular
people that get it like it's it's one of
the funniest movies yeah and it was just
like one of those things there's nothing
that's worse than watching like a movie
that you love bombing oh man silence
just silence the entire yeah I you start
second-guessing like yeah I think I
realize yeah there's there's I think
there's two kinds of people about watch
Big Trouble a long time yeah there's
people that watch it and go Kurt
Russell's people watch it go
Kurt Russell's such a fucking idiot man
movie it's great I think my favorite
thing in that whole movie is when they
they go into what's the beggars a mom
okay him when they go to his place at
the beginning pretending to be like
phone repairman oh yeah just holding a
phone don't even stop just keep walking
just the idea that that's his idea like
blab early getting into the building
carry a phone essays the phone repair
[Laughter]
so it was good yeah I think that was the
last time I saw it before a few days ago
yeah Rick my friends know it's like I
hope it's funny yeah yeah it was just
didn't go hilarious I love it yeah
they're gonna remake his hip from New
York get one for me they've been talking
about that for like yeah here's it keeps
falling apart thankfully yeah they
already did remake it was called lockout
Oh garbage Nariman one that's right
oh really yeah he sued him for copyright
infringement and he won was good nice
the exact same story that was a terribly
only difference it's not New York it's
like a like a prison planet or some it
was like it was like a space station or
something something like that yeah but
it was the idea to go in to get the
president's daughter guys you hear that
same thing then again John Carpenter
himself remade Escape from New York as
well so yep Emily
[Laughter]
rich d- like we need tips or anything I
got a couple of my gods I don't know how
to do this no the surfing scene from the
highway it's the one from LA first me
too I'm hearing the oh my gosh but it
looks like they're not appearing in my
what are you saying there's a technical
problem with this dreams never happen
never happen doesn't sound right here's
what it looks like I just missed this is
anonymous Oh Oh Anna mr. prime Richie
looking for under the doom are going to
sign your poster I'll let you have the
it'll it'll let you have the gun model
centered like in the originals okay okay
I hope we don't forget they should be
showing up in here but even though you
heard the oh my god I already read that
last one like a while ago see if there
it's not showing up or maybe it was done
maybe I did they show up at the top yeah
and with stuff happening on this laptop
I don't know that's fine don't worry
about it don't worry about the Jim had
to fly back to Toronto yesterday he's
got to get back to work so otherwise he
would be here we had some fun it was
great
some magic happen we shot some things
yeah that's great plan I mean with guns
we went out we actually told Johnson
barman so log into the stream so we'll
see if he shows up at some point you
said you would have you seen a movie
called take shelters no with a Michael
Michael Santa no I haven't seen it if
it's good yeah it's actually very good
they shot a remake of things you can't
remake things I mean I think that's
that's that's literally impossible what
do you do how do you do that again you
try and make it a better movie or do you
try to make something equally
incompetent because you can't
intentionally make something terrible
like that you fail here's the thing
order to making a better movie you have
to be able to make sense of it yeah yeah
can you make sense of things I think I
mean the basic idea it's two guys in a
cabin and then there's little ant
monsters like if you take that premise I
mean you can make something work well
when April 9 go back to Toronto and she
starts tomorrow there's a it's called
what the festival is they're screening
thing and they're screening things and a
bunch of other horrible horrible
Canadian movies so this is gonna be my
first time I've never seen that before
it's actually a pay to get out festival
so you get in for free and if you want
to leave you have to pay to leave that's
so that's so amazing things is like I
think me last oh you've never seen it
right no no I haven't seen it yeah I
think if you last the whole night you
get out free but should be fun
you you won't be able to last him yes
you will it's amazing well the good
thing is it's it's in a bar so there's
other things to do I it's already good
tireder you know whatever alcohol will
need to be concerned there's no way you
can watch it otherwise I mean you have
to watch it from the same mindset that
they filmed the movie in there clearly
drunk most of the movie has he ever done
anything that very gilles ridiculous
here's a beautiful that he made them you
know well he made an amazing music video
called road to sadness
oh god but if you haven't I've seen that
yeah I was worrying like kiss makeup
yeah and hired some like bikini model
it's just most embarrassing thing and
the song is terrible terrible he must
run the their second Facebook thing
stand group or something like that
yeah he must run it because it's like
he's always posting positive reviews of
things they don't happen very I think he
do us about our half of the bag episode
on I want to say he commented on that
somewhere okay someone mentioned that
he's just like oh cool it's some cash
I'm sure more people buy that movie or
any movie that you guys kind of review
you know yeah I don't know how many I
bought a lot of movies that I've seen on
the show that you can't find on YouTube
usually I was telling Jay that you can
just find all these movies on YouTube
I bought yeah but future course and then
we bought your war she's rewards sorry
yeah Robert siddhart get your bus is
something different man future war and
then we bought Terran Beverly Hills
brand-new on Amazon for one penny oh
sure and it was a double American was it
worth every penny it had two movies on
it yeah okay with it was a double
feature packet what was the other movie
I was like some Steve McQueen bank heist
movie Oh God and then tear in Beverly
Hills I wish there was a better version
of terror in Beverly Hills available in
the audio - hair alone with terrible
audio
I wonder if there's a VHS copy that has
cleaner sound there might actually be I
should look into this I just remember
the score is very jarring yeah it's very
percussive I keep being told we need to
watch wall force yes we have we have
like three blu-ray copies over all fours
so eventually we'll have to do it isn't
that Cameron Mitchell's in it oh sweet
so does a good Cameron Mitchell yeah
they're recommending it it's probably
good well I don't know about his
performance but I know a lot of people
think it's a pretty great bad movie Oh
Megaforce is great Megaforce is under
tain that's fantastic
just let's see if the Andrea is flying
away it is flying motorbike get in sick
the worse the whole movie feels like a
build-up to that like the perfect setup
to a joke you get to that point and it's
just pure madness what's his name again
who's the actor Barry Barry Bostwick
yeah yeah Bosworth the Bryan Bryan
buzzer he's like a c-level action star
from stone cool always I see we're being
very generous with them well the MBA
level you have your Stallone's and
people like that right miss Wright was a
Dolph Lundgren and maybe Christopher
Lambert would fit in there and then you
have your c-level guys
I'm Bosworth was a football player yeah
and that was one of the trivia questions
we went to lunch today
oh really yeah like stone-cold stars in
this movie question yeah that's a random
movie I don't think it was like a big
hit yep
I never came out the same I think it was
the same summer as Terminator 2 and the
trailer had the same oh yeah I gotta say
yeah I think I had the same stunt it was
like he rides his motorbike out a window
into a helicopter mmm
what who's ripping off who did you read
that it was like an interview with James
Cameron I think it was like yesterday
and he was like throwing some shade a
force awakens oh it's like a video
interview yeah it's he says the most
innocent thing and people are saying
like James Cameron slams force awakens
they always say that what did he say all
he said was that in the original movies
they feel like like someone's vision
their George Lucas's vision and the new
one feels sort of derivative yeah that's
all he said that's which is very
accurate yeah it was very cleverly
worded yeah you said like oh I'm like
great friends with George Lucas and we
were talking about the movie the other
no sorry and sneak in like George Lucas
is making fun of the movie and then he
said because the prequels were visually
had more interesting things going on so
it's like it sounds like he's
complimenting the prequels but only the
visual apartment and then he did say
he's like I can't wait to see what they
do next
yeah with Star Wars which is very
mentions like it's a setup - yeah for
sure
so he said it's the most innocent little
comma and everyone is like swimming the
force awakens yeah he kind of started
out saying like I don't want to say too
much because I have a lot of respect for
JJ Abrams yeah oh sweet oh that's so
cool
yeah it's like the same level of
original how much do they do is it like
a whole level uh this is a separate
thing this whole level is available
Oh a little part of the little mother in
the main game and they're gonna wants
the whole thing in the menu let's keep
it like pixelated textures and
everything - yeah oh that's so great
have you played much of the the
multiplayer eye game the same way I
masturbate away in groups of 20
[Laughter]
blindfolded in public places yeah being
laughed at by 12
[Laughter]
[Applause]
oh hey it works
oh that's where it is working does he a
thing that's very common
it was like pork answers yeah all right
Eugene Pope town I don't I don't want
the answer to this quick question for
you all what in the world was the this
is my Milwaukee with Terry Nanny video
from 2008 about I have no idea what that
is
yeah we're from Canada so we really
don't so there you go let's know what
you're talking about this is something
they think we work on I don't know I
have no idea what this is
doesn't sound like Jack work on hmm got
me so satisfying sorry we couldn't
answer your question Eugene pota we
tried we well not really I guess we
could have looked it up on our phones
and we couldn't you want to waste the
data
yeah I gotta say I've been played like
very many games on my ps4 uh so but
allows the console generation it's kind
of weird it's like a lot of there's been
a lot of nothing what a remakes like
remastering Zenor I think that's the new
thing it's just going yeah DuckTales put
all the shitty cutscenes in it yeah they
remastered like Last of Us I know you
didn't like that the guy did the voice
screw the duck and there's also a mr.
head oh yeah that's the way yeah about
Alan Ladd jr. ran 20th Century Fox when
start well Ellen young maybe Ellen young
I think that's his name you know I feel
bad no fucking the stable but you know
rich Evans fucks things up including
demons that's right
that's pretty bad safe
I remember all the stream was trying to
get you and Jack to play last of us for
the longest time I told you last time we
were here I'm like don't play it that's
exactly I love it yeah that's exactly
what I thought it was gonna I said it's
exactly what you think it's gonna be
it's like yeah it's exactly what you
think yeah it's a game for people who
don't like games yeah you like to come I
loved it why it was you know what I like
the the characters in the story sure
we're great and the characters
especially at that so I found it very
kind of I kind of bonded with them you
know I knew you wouldn't like it though
[Laughter]
yo Lisa says please play more Phoenix
right I don't know what that is well we
have we're in this strange thing going
on today we'll get there we'll get to it
but you're not doing it right now so
that must mean that you're never gonna
do whatever again right no it's been a
while it's been a little while we do
plan to finish up at least one case
Phoenix right it's a game where you're a
lawyer who solves crimes really yeah is
it a text adventure it's no not really a
text adventure but there's a lot of
menus and finding contradictions and
witness statements oh really yeah like
if you weren't there how did you know
what that clock looked like like you
know like kind of oh I see okay did you
ever play la noir for the heard about I
never actually played us the ps3 it was
kind of like an interesting it was like
a kind of 1950 that's that game that
takes place in the uncanny valley right
yeah but actually the the facial capture
whatever they did was fucking amazing
like it looked so real but nothing else
does is the problem
yeah was kinda like this 1950s grand
theft auto but the whole gist of the
game is you're like a cop and it was
like a lot of passive madmen yeah and
you like interrogate people and you have
to like read they're like yeah there are
facial expressions which are very real
and you have to sort of tell if they're
lying or not but the thing was it's like
you know the facial expressions were
amazingly done but if the person was a
bad actor if the person that we hired
was a bad actors it was you that could
always do a really phony facial
expression so it's like tell they're
lying yeah they'd always like well
you're like okay I don't know if was
that really controlled difficulty was it
like you know so it was like okay is the
actor a bad actor or is the character
Minds me right now like because they're
you know they're looking up in the air
so it was just it never worked in my
friend was just like yeah fifty-fifty
just guess and you have just as good a
chance of like you know beating this
game then if you actually try to read
their expressions and it was just
interesting an interesting experiment
and it was just it was very bad it just
didn't work
Lord Belmont says are you interested in
the shallows Jay how do you feel about
movies about horror movies made to fit
pg-13 I I barely knew what the shallows
it was until Colin explained it to me
the other day it sounds interesting the
way he explained it it looks good if
it's like this minimalist
you know movie about a woman trying to
stay away from the shark like Blake
Lively she's never been like amazing
well I mean she doesn't really have to
interact with anybody so yes but she has
to look convincingly scared yeah I think
she's like yeah but I'm fine with pg-13
as long as it's the movies you know made
that way when they take an hour rated
movie and try and chop it down to a
pg-13 and it's awkward and weird it
sucks yeah it's always when you can tell
it but I mean I like the conjuring I
still haven't seen conjuring 2 but the
movies made with the intention to be in
pg-13 was that pg-13 the country am I
wrong I think so what was the wicked
yeah the witches are hard Oh God very
very hard within like the first 10
minutes
I love maybe mild spoilers here
concerning the witch but I love that
right off the bat they take off the
table the idea that maybe there isn't
really witch there's like no there's
there's a witch yeah yeah and it happens
right away it happens right away and it
does the most heinous thing possible
right at the be and it's such it sets
everything up perfectly the witch is a
masterpiece that's amazing yeah I
remember April I saw it
we got like an advanced screening ticket
that I want in some contest Oh
the crowd was the perfect crowd to see
it was great yeah it was all quiet
audience and well the movie theater was
so cold
yeah and it's freezing inside and we
were so hungry became ready for work and
had dinner and it's like Lucas movie
everybody was like hungry in the movie
it's like starving and my stomach is
growling
oh that's great oh yeah yeah you're
looking at this house and like they
don't have windows this is freezing cold
yeah yeah and we went swimming right to
a restaurant like we have to eat food
and we just sat over the heating vents
oh my god was leaked thing I've ever
seen mr. butch
hi everybody just wondering if you
received McBain and blood freak and if
you've had a chance to watch either
blood freak in particular is right up
there were things
yes we've received them but we haven't
watched them we have a lot of movies to
get there who was the one J that you
posted about on I think was on your
Twitter feed and we watched it it was on
YouTube for a little bit but it was like
that one about the twins and then one
came home and kills people just like
this yeah I forget the name and Ted
Raimi was in it briefly yeah but I don't
remember his calls
I know anyways I love blood bah blah
blah
let's blood something he just shows up
in one scene I think it's a good drug
dealer in like a like about two twins
and one of them gets sent to jail
because he was covering for the other
one because oh um one rage one rage
blood rage yeah fucking amazing yeah you
set it on here isn't really funny
it's so you're necessarily like funny
bad it was kind of good it's a great
awkward funny in parts she's like guy is
just so like the guys performance is
over yeah yeah no blood rage is kind of
incredible he's getting yeah yeah yeah
I'm on YouTube and watched it and then
it was no longer on YouTube yeah we just
sort of caught it like we always sort of
luck out with finding these movies and
mutated straight
not that i telegin J do you think the
new Ghostbusters has even a chance of
being good since it's from the director
of bridesmaids and Spike it has the
chance to a lot of the people involved
are talented people that have done funny
stuff in the past but the marketing the
movie so far has been atrocious it has a
chance to me but basically based on the
property they chose to remake yeah they
they chose hard mode yes yes what's
what's the worst possible movie we'd
want to be compared to some of the best
comedy of all time yeah I have a bad
feeling that like best-case scenario is
that it comes out and the trailers have
different shitty trailers and the movie
itself is completely okay gonna be
amazing
yeah it might be okay and that's the
worst thing it can be because then it'll
be forgotten about actually it might not
be forgotten about with all the yelling
and screaming and controversy but the
movie itself people will be talking
about the controversy and not the movie
because it'll be like another Total
Recall a Robocop remake that's that's my
concern of what it will be all right now
obviously this would affect the
box-office take negatively but
critically what if they just called it
those skitters or something what if they
made their own IP and it just influenced
by Ghostbusters inspired by you then it
would probably be more it would probably
be better I think I don't know it would
still be compared to Ghostbusters if it
was that cool yeah then again like
they're just ripping off they're just
ripping off Ghostbusters which maybes
worse she's like when I first heard
about it I was like I love all that like
I love the cast it's like
I love bridesmaids likes why it was
really funny yeah you know the directors
obviously good but when I I think we'll
know until I saw the trailers I was kind
of on board I'm like dad I don't care
and then as soon as I saw the trailer I
was never fully onboard just because
it's ghostbusters but I really care but
that trailer just my mom it's like it
opened up with the like oh this is like
the library season Herman the first yeah
well that's that's what really killed it
is even more so yeah even more so than
the the actual jokes the bad jokes in
the trailer it was more that it was so
clear they were just remaking
ghostbusters
yes making a new movie about those
buggers yes like here they are getting
the car I don't remember backs like
you're here that's a trailer is nothing
but and now we have the new Ghostbusters
theme song by follow that seems like a
joke how much of the hate for that song
is the hate that's just there for the
trailer no no no it's a terrible just
playing devil's advocate sure now ya
know it's cuz I have no I mean there are
people that are just like passionately
wanting this movie to be the worst thing
ever
no it's an eighteen on it I'm not like
that like I don't think it looks very
good but yeah that song is just awful I
don't understand why people would want
like a movie to be bad like because
people are assholes I just don't get it
the Friday the Friday is fun I know I
have no I have no hate for they V they
wanted to be bad so they can say I told
you so
yeah but I want it to be good are they
still going ahead with the other
Ghostbusters remake oh there were days
they were trying to do a cinematic
universe I think that's on hold just
like they were going to go ahead with
the spider-man submit also by Sony so
he's really good at fucking up these
properties so I don't know I don't
actively want the new one to suck but
based on the evidence we've been given
so far yeah it hasn't been promising the
only promising thing I saw was like a
behind the scene
was this like a I don't know if it was
like a press thing or whatever it was
all about Chris Hemsworth character yeah
and that was hilarious I am really
really really funny because it's just
like this dumb sort of the Australian
that they hire to be the receptionist
and that was amazing and they haven't
shown any that new trailer looking
something's little snippets and that
actually made me laugh out loud it was
reality like are they just doing a
really bad marketing job I think just I
don't know I only my only concrete
prediction is that the movie will be 20
minutes too long because it's Paul fig
and everything you'd have is 20 but it's
too long almost exactly 20 minutes too
long this is like every movie it's it's
the modern comedy yeah lots of improv
and they don't want to cut it out cuz
it's funny
so everything's watery comedy should not
be two hours long no Judd Apatow
syndrome yes
yeah comedy should be sure
the ice monkey supreme says just wanted
to say huge fan huge our alum and fan
for years even Gamestation 2.0 love you
guys I have up the great work rich Evans
for presidents oh that's so sad Natalie
become an American citizen we're gonna
build the Canadian wall I'm gonna make
you pay for it
we'd pay for it and they'll apologize
sorry sorry sorry Chen says hi Jane I
seen you on here again I know you don't
really play games but did you have a
favorite dish game or two as a kid Super
Mario 3 Mario Brothers 3 that's probably
the game had played the most of any game
ever did you ever beat it
yeah I found it too hard to eat I got to
like the last world
tell me Mario a game I played was on my
gameboy actually had a gameboy I never
had anything really yeah I was afikoman
in television yeah that was my I did
love cuz I had a Nintendo when I was
very very little and I did love pitfall
even though it's the same thing over and
over
it falls great but I enjoyed it as a kid
pitfalls depressing there was a football
for a Super Nintendo that I remember was
pretty good too yep super pitfall super
pitfall yeah and there was like a secret
doorway you could go through and you
play the original yeah yeah yeah I
remember liking that game but I don't
remember much about it so door you go
through when you play the original do
was just ripping off super pitfall yeah
so upset right now
it was like a game within the game yeah
well remember maniac mansion did that or
was a day the tentacle it was a Lucas
hearts like I - and I haven't played day
of the tentacle day the tentacle was the
sequel it was a Tim Schafer did broken
the age yeah Grim Fandango legend yep
religions and Psychonauts and big day
the tentacle was the sequel to maniac
mansion and then within that game you
can find a computer and play the entire
game with maniac mansion huh if you want
so that was gonna cool did not know that
you learned some new every day yo Tim
Schafer I love that game
no one else does nope where my friend
worked for him Grim Fandango oh really
yeah and it was kind of like the last
yeah last away our game before he formed
his own company Double Fine but his
buddy razz razz make art directors I
think it's Double Fine and then they
used his name for the protagonist I was
gonna say I cannot write the name of the
ha yeah huh you should have a game show
qualified than I am
connections never do I used to when I
was a kid I think I do when people hate
me know the wrong games that's not true
you're you're an American icon
do you think this was like kind of
course correction on an IDs for its part
oh yeah big time let's go you know what
must come back to what we used to do
good yeah people lady that rage I wonder
if it was just like Carmack leaving like
I don't know if Carmack gave a shit what
game they were making I think he just
wanted to work on the technology and
that's all he cared about
that's all he cared about I think and it
was just sort of like I remember even
playing doom 3 and thinking maybe it
really is kind of just a tech demo cuz
it wasn't really much of a game it was
great lighting yeah yeah but very
annoying that you couldn't even
have the flashlight on the gun you'd
have to have one or the other remember
yeah I'm so anyway it was annoying but
it was a horror game yeah BuChE BuChE
yeah but it's like we have lights on
guns now why would they have but that's
not half life half life in half-life 2
that's some scary scary moments what the
monster pops out of a wall behind you
yeah I know what that happened to me and
you're being led into this aura door and
then the nine more times and it's not
scary anymore the lights went out what's
gonna happen next the disco king says
how do I send you jackasses games if you
haven't played cortex Command I need to
send it is that a physical game or
there'll be something you just said it's
a red-letter contact what what does the
actual I never go we have a well we have
a if it's a physical game we have a P o
box you can find it at the bottom of the
way oh yeah the PIA what's what's your
steam information just previously
recorded we have a weber steam thing
right so there you go remember I won a
game in your game giveaway oh it was the
Miami connection that was great that was
really good I gotta do really and the
worst thing was I won Fallout New Vegas
I picked it uh-huh it wasn't available
for Maggie oh I like selected it nice to
cashed in whatever Jack sent me yeah and
I'm sorry I'm sorry so annoying because
I had installed it or sorry
like cashed in the whatever yeah you
can't give it back like I couldn't give
it back to Jack and get a new game so I
just got this like
damnit
much of you guys ever played hotline
Miami on stream hey check this that's
that 8-bit we had this game yeah like
that it was there for that well there's
a lot of 8-bit 80s games yeah but it's
no it's meant to look like the 80s and I
think yeah be positive and it has like
the DHS like oh yeah I think I remember
you guys playing yeah it looks pretty
cool
[Applause]
yeah perta new vegas is amazing I really
liked fallout 3
I don't it's so dense you can't increase
the field of view actually but it's got
a fish eye effect to it but I didn't
personally know Mike yeah a lot of
people love it
yeah fault before I think I might pick
it up at some point I always sort of
tend to remember in any rush to buy
getting these as soon as they come out
so I kind of just wait
eventually they kind of just go down in
price yeah and like Black Friday
especially or like Cyber Monday
you'll get games for like half price so
I usually just buy them
[Music]
and then just stockpile them so I've got
a big pile of games in him that I
haven't really got to yet actually love
the Mad Max game oh wow I don't know max
you're fine I was trying to think of the
subtitle and I couldn't think of what
subtitle was oh yeah ah he's got the
music mm-hmm that's great
a Farren's asks what's the most
disappointing sequel you've ever seen
that's tough
movie or Phantom Menace well it's a
prequel do we count that yeah okay well
without that then yes the Phantom Menace
let's let's take prequels off the table
though okay like a direct continuation
of a story or just a traditional sequel
[Music]
there's so many bad sequels Lucian's oh
yeah well I would say reloaded by timing
conditions which one is which reloaded
is the second one okay
by the time we got to the third one
revelations it didn't matter anymore
yeah the second one was such a sharp
draw definitely yeah that's that's at
the top to me well two and three are
just part of the same piece of shit oh
yeah together yeah Crystal Skull is that
disappointing or yeah there's more
affecting it by that point and there was
actually stuff early in that movie that
wasn't that bad it had it had a couple
moments early on or like it wasn't like
yeah that we were that was really
terrible
it was just almost completely worthless
Crockett about nd to completely ruin the
integrity chuckle Dundee where does that
come out like 20 years after know that
oh sorry yeah the third one came out in
I want to say the early 2000 yeah it was
recently Crocodile Dundee inhaling that
recently that's like 15 years ago now I
know if it was that early but yeah I
remember it's only 2000 2001 but he goes
to LA yeah and it was kind of like what
yeah it just came for this yeah it
would've been funny it could've been
funny if they kind of acknowledged like
how unknown he was at that point or you
know what I mean it's sort of
acknowledge that but they just played it
up as a straight sequel yeah sister to
left over beefcake mentions a good one
mm crazy fat Ethel T's oh my god John
Belushi was dead yeah that's the thing
is like usually these sequels made 20
years later yeah you don't have very
high expectations for them whatever yeah
the most disappointing sequels are the
ones where it's like they're still
height from the original and the
original is great and then the sequel
comes out it just fails made matrix is
definitely over there oh man yeah Blues
Brothers 2000 is awful grown-ups too I
never saw that that was shot in Toronto
it was because you know Chicago was such
an integral part of the first movie yeah
you know the sequel shit in Toronto
get-get like one
a second unit shot of Chicago haha and
then the rest of it can just play take
place in Traverse it's so bad and it
looks so cheap like it looks like it's
like a TV show looks like it was shot in
Toronto were they even shot the movie
Chicago in Toronto no relation fucking
movie was called Chicago just funny cuz
they used to film everything in Chicago
cop 3 yeah always do that yeah it's a
lot of people didn't like Robocop too so
I think expectations are lower I'm
talking about that even though I like
Robocop 2 3 wasn't a letdown because the
minute you hear it's not Peter Welling
you know something yeah I'm it's pg-13
pg-13 yeah hours and he's got a kid
sidekick computer hacker den Bob says
hey mister Brahmin have you seen the
latest Nicolas Winding rough and flop
it's so artsy and pretentious you might
like it it's probably a flop but Andy
was getting a wide release it's got a
decent release I want to see it I
haven't seen it yet it's the new the
witch where it's right it looks right at
my alley but I haven't seen it yet and
people love to overuse the word
pretentious I haven't seen it so I can't
say for sure but no because that's so
nuts they're his movies yeah
it's we're just like pusher the pusher
trilogy didn't have that kind of visual
style yet but well he's done something
and not all his movies have the same
visual style but you know he's
interesting he tries new things that's
good nobody hear what you're saying cuz
you're a mile away from the mic he's
still talking even as he's whoom he
doesn't understand how a microphone well
he works in visual effects not on a
doesn't know how to do the audio loner
loner art con says hey guys what big
studio movies had the worst tech
technical aspects such as lighting
camera movement special effects the spy
movie I Frankenstein I still haven't
seen that yeah yeah I would say the
spawn movie as incomplete effects in it
they're not done the DNA just released
it anyway just released it anyway the
devil's mouth doesn't move when it's
talking it's pretty terrible but most
wide-release movies I mean lighting is
something usually fine it's hard to see
a big movie that has a shitty lighting
it's usually just flat oh really it's
too dark I have a hard time believing
that because it's Michael Mann yeah
Oh x-men origins Wolverine most a lot of
people are saying that yep usually if
it's bad it's visual effects is it my
good fortune that I'm not an x-men fan I
don't count them as part of it yeah
x-men three you've got the Wolverine
movie I actually like x-men for you but
it has a lot of problem I don't hate it
as much as a lot of other people do no I
mean either but I think that's because
I'm not an expert
sure I think it's a movie that barely
holds it together it has some some
decent things in it yeah our x-men fan
ik you'd probably be pretty pissed when
they kill Charles Xavier off and
everyone else off it isn't Wolverine
yeah Cyclops you go a little crazy with
how many people they kill that one they
just brought him back and that yeah it
doesn't matter just bring him back at
the end the cure it doesn't even work
anymore they didn't do everything they
did in that movie or if you don't like
what you set up then you just ignore it
in the next installment which they did
with x-men apocalypse pretend like
nothing happened and they have making
direct reference to it but wasn't there
a whole time-travel thing though with
Days of Future past and they wipe out
all of the previous XTS but there's also
something that was established in Days
of Future past that is completely
ignored in the new one should I ask what
it's it's Wolverine related okay they do
this thing at the end of Days of Future
past where it's like what's this a
Stryker has Wolverine but then it turns
out it's not really Stryker it's
actually mystique in disguise but then
in the next movie
Stryker just has anyway oh you just
ended up there anyway I guess
it's seems like it kind of start from
scratch like anytime they do another
x-men movie yeah cares but when it's a
direct follow-up and it's the same guy
you think you would remember what
happened in the last movie I think he
just doesn't care yeah it's kind of like
a running joke yeah it's just like the
x-men timelines are so screwed up yeah
yeah let's keep going that's why they
made a joke about it in den poel
so maybe see that point I feel bad I
thought I would hate it and I actually
kind of like I like the spirit of it
yeah actually you know what yeah that
the humor wasn't what I was into but
like hit miss yeah it's Ryan Reynolds
I'm not a big fan of Ryan Reynolds he's
perfect as Deadpool though should we add
one play and it's like not all the jokes
said it's like but yeah I was kind of
shocked too actually I actually liked it
quite a bit and I had a very like it was
almost cute yeah well it was so playful
and just like the way yeah you know
making fun of it I wasn't like
mean-spirited and yeah for as violent as
it has rich seemed read yet yeah you
right
yeah I see these things forbidden is
written op space cop yep although it
came out way before space cop because
space cops had such a long history yeah
but I saw something I remember seeing it
right and being like oh fuck no he said
think we're doing a parody if you saw
the original trailer oh sure
I believe I read an interview with a
Murray reference that he saw up space
guys like whichever I really my
inspiration
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Laughter]
have to change that laughs though space
cop doesn't have a laugh though Dredd
doesn't he didn't even taking off his
helmet it's great yeah that was great
it's refreshing when on superhero film
the hero does not have to take off their
helmet or mask yeah it just shows that
like a lack of vanity yeah yeah like
that me really I was the big Stallone
thing he couldn't do that I remember in
the thing you were seeing the original
Judge Dredd and people booed when they
took his helmet off I didn't know was a
big deal at the time cos like have you
never seen that one it's pretty bad oh
yeah oh so Rob Schneider's in it well
that's the weird thing is like after
demolition man somebody somewhere
decided let's make Rob Schneider and
Sloane a thing oh yeah he was in
demolition man 2 that's right fuck the
militia man it's great though yeah I
went down was pretty funny death kill I
don't think the director of Judge Dredd
has ever directed anything again oh
really
and I remember him saying like he was a
British guy he was he was Danny cannon
how do you know anything previous he did
a movie called the
young Americans or I can't remember but
but he had some experience that was his
dream he was like doing a judge dredd me
oh no and I think he experienced with
Stallone just
like pork in America again Orson I can't
I don't know if he's ever done anything
but huh it was a very promising director
it'd be kinda heartbreaking which looks
like you know your dream problem project
is a complete shit sorry I was poaching
demons yeah just like you know you'd
obviously grown up with the comic I
guess it was like what was the 2000 ad
you actually watch that midnight
screenings alone 15 minutes before the
end of the movie Judge Dredd has to go
to the old bean
[Laughter]
I love them
this never gets old it never gets old
that's pretty cool I love how they still
have it pixelated the textures so this
has the environment to the original game
but the knobs are updating these are
like secrets hidden but they don't have
the the old pixelated monsters no no
they don't
that's weird okay someone's saying you
should do a summer stream fun summer
stream probably everyone is saying so no
how about that why should I
it's summer it's nice outside I want to
go out all day
streaming shit just like press a button
for beer no you got a monitor those
streams if you don't you don't end up
with something like the half hour of the
ishtar trailer played at different
speeds that was further Bo I was so I
was so upset I stayed through that whole
thing somebody in the street and they're
like oh he's gonna just weeding people
out he's gonna play something cool after
this night sat through that entire
goddamn thing little did you know that
over and over was the cool thing I told
him the next day he had to kind of like
take off from the stream early I said oh
my god I do what I can
damn it
these men are pawns people have asked us
to do
yeah it's true people desmos like to do
Ishtar for like best of the worst or
something but it's supposed to be an
okay movie it is well it's a famous flop
as far as financially go you know it's
not supposed to be like a terrible movie
yeah I think I just thought as a kid I
remember my parents renting it yeah yeah
it's a movie really really really famous
flops yeah that doesn't mean it's an
awful movie it was also the point I
remember when Waterworld was coming out
and that was like you know all the
trouble behind the scenes yeah when that
came out all the critics called it fish
tartar yeah that's how like and that's
another movie that has its defendant
except we'll be movie it's not just they
spent 200 million dollars right so it
made it the critics were just sort of
waiting for it to come out and like all
right it's better than the postman yeah
that was that was terrible the most
man's terrible yeah I was watching bits
but how did he end up making the postman
for the Waterworld fiasco I don't know
anyone right after his next move he
directed it too yeah yeah those two back
to back the money for that though right
no Kevin Reynolds who did Robin Hood
Princess Di's
okay but I think they had a falling out
during water world and I think Kevin
Costner kind of took over the movie
and I don't think they ever worked again
whoa what uh-oh oh we crashed oh no
something ever was it unhandled
exception oh yeah open range I never saw
that that was uh that Western and Kevin
Costner did with Robert Duvall okay well
supposed to be amazing never saw it
reboot
oh yeah dances the wolves who did we
just crashed came dead I don't know Tim
can we still streaming I'm trying to
find that out no they see the comments
coming up still take that PC master-race
nope
to be fair OBS is probably the problem
I've never had issues with Tim running
outside of streaming which I came in on
tab that's bad
okay we are still streaming yeah but
nobody's saying anything sure yeah
senior black screen like I can't even
get to a spot where I can turn this off
oh my god mm-hmm someone said that's
what happens when you speak ill of Kevin
Costner he's monitoring the street I
might have to she's okay we shut down
motherfucker
all right we're gonna take a break
technical difficulty you know we come
back and we're gonna play something else
FTL what you have to do unplug every I
just it's completely crashed I think I
just have to reset the
