Episode 596
Phoenix Wright... am I right!?!(Part 2)
August 6, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MHems-oLfOY
___________________________________________

I'm some man someone I can't believe
it's only been a day since the first
trial and my trial begins tomorrow
White's going to set a trap for me and
the prosecution will be in on it
of course Edgeworth included an attorney
was assigned to me by the state he
yesterday I refused I had an idea right
mr. right oh great they let you out of
detention just now yes it's all thanks
to you you're taking the rap for me wow
you're so confident as a lawyer that's
probably the only way you could have got
me off you're a great cop I never would
have thought to do it because you know
it's so stupid excuse me you saw heavy
god that's dumb you're the best fall man
and lady could ask for ah now I'm afraid
we've switched places what do you mean
you well that's what I just said see I
already knows this moment shock now I
don't know what explained what happened
to my own cat caught her up on the game
I don't believe it
how many people does that man need to
destroy before he's satisfied my mother
my sister and now you this is going too
far
mr. bait please tell me is there
anything I can do well yeah
well you could cheer for me in court
cheer for you you mean like a
cheerleader I have an outfit I got all
these pom-poms all over my shirt I've
been saving it for someone just for you
um yeah like that oh wait wait to me I
better go get a uniform in some pom-poms
shit girl we gonna get crazy
well wait wait what wait wait what wait
what I'm kidding it was a joke
no way you mean you don't want me did
you feel that's what's gonna mean really
I thought we were friends
shut up no Julie review Jail it's fine
cheerleader outfit you didn't let me
finish I want you to cheerleader outfit
me put no wait
I wear my slices I need you to run to
the costume store I and I want you to oh
god damn it but I just can't sit here
and do nothing
I've got to give that man a piece of my
mind just a piece a many ok then come to
the trial tomorrow ok Oh be there I'll
show them a bigger toe damn girl
times may change yet with crime it's the
same old story
in fact it's gotten worse but it's
that's not the same old story Phoenix
lengthy court proceedings are no longer
realistic they're very realistic
beginning a few years ago a limit of
three days was put on initial court
trial what what the world of Phoenix
Wright is a weird place rich almost all
finish in a day
most with a guilty verdict that sounds
that sounds insane did you not know that
Phoenix Wright is a dystopian future
right
Dead or Alive you're coming with me you
get arrested by ed-209
I never thought I would end up in the
defendants chair myself for this case
with the true culprit appearing as the
star witness this is it tomorrow
it's me or him this is a satire on the
Japanese court system too we continued
yes save it save it save it September
9th 9 o'clock in 52 minutes district
court defendant lobby number 1 you bet
it baby well I guess this is it so angry
all the time now I don't know why yeah
oh just makes me so angry yeah one way
or another this case gets decided today
ah the Phoenix look zoinks I disappeared
I ain't read into this dude oh my god
what a horrible horrible twist oh my god
ghosts are real
I wasn't full of bullshit and then
possessed by the ghost of Amadeus Mozart
prosecutor Edgeworth I received a coffee
first cures office yesterday
as told that whenever mr. white says
they will be the absolute truth matter
how you try to attack his testimony if I
if I raise an objection I have it on
good faith
the judge will listen to me what does
white have the judge in his pocketbook
to Phoenix
we literally like everyone has told us
including white that he owns everybody
god you're thick so you're saying I'm
going to be guilty end of story
I do anything to get my verdict mr.
right anything wait I know my god this
list was so scary
and what happened how can you torment an
innocent person like this cuz that's an
advice go slaughter innocent okay how
can we know that like the guilty will
always lie to avoid being found out like
and stuff there's no way to tell who was
guilty and who was innocent so we just
flip the coin um all I can hope to do is
get every defendant declared guilty
because this is the so peein future we
live in apparently so I make that my
policy that's worth you've you've
changed yeah I know it used to be that
mayor girl it's really weird
it just happens sometimes I don't know
why I've seen a doctor about it next
week keep transforming into a little
angry girl cuz I've got the million flu
nice hmmm pheonix you know him
don't expect any special treatment
Phoenix right
Phoenix well Court will be starting soon
where's your cheerleader outfit I need a
pick-me-up you have whatever no I wanted
you to wear the cheerleader cut my boss
shirt again yeah I don't like it I've
been riding this for a week I've noticed
that
do you have several of them or is this
the same one I can only afford so many
balls not putting myself out in the
street like a common whore just to get
more balls horn I make a good living
maybe you could pay your legal fees your
defense attorney isn't even here yet
they're not I'll be defending myself you
fuck me about what you're in jail that's
how awful you are okay let's do this
thanks for the thanks for the pep talk
man god damn it September 9th hi defense
lawyer ends up in jail for his client's
crime I'm really bad at this you should
know that oh no any corner right Sean
Connery yes Court is now in session for
the trial of mr. right mr. Phoenix
Friday yes yes told Bain
so I'm coloring Moni poni yes well the
prosecution is ready your honor the
defense is ready your honor
first all right are you sure although
you have to do this you know you're a
bad lawyer yes your honor I will be
defending myself oh okay mr. Edgeworth
your opening statement please
there's the details of the event are
already quite clear to the court today
we hear the testimony of a witness to
the defendants crime ah a prosecution
male all the things that it wanted to do
that went far too smoothly
what did actually seems really normal
there's I'd like to call a witness okay
oh that's too easy it just kind of seems
what happens in court Phoenix they
didn't do Rock Paper Scissors already
cried oh why didn't the judges Ed's
worth why his witness didn't testify
missed the judge I listened to the shit
man hmm
if anyone's going to raise an objection
about this I suppose it's me
I mean my not sure mr. Edgeworth you owe
an explanation to the court why didn't
this witness testify in the trial
against miss Mia Fay humph
I'm ever so sorry mr. white is busy man
and besides at the time I thought that
this man his opinion was all that would
be needed again my sincerest apologies
to the court
excellent mr. Edgeworth is yes yes I
appreciate your to me damn you you're a
handsome man also right he gets this
show up and I get in nowhere I would
like to call mr. red white to the stand
yep please state your full name notional
title of my person oh look at all my
bling from billion buys a lot your name
yes huh yes that song what I said I'm
getting these voices are oh dear to my
locations confuse name at least you are
great together
my name is run white but my friends call
me
Blanco Nino don't know why the human
Mexican prostitutes you tired I am the
CEO oh god they're gonna merge they're
too much I'm seeing you or to use a more
common term the president of
Corp uh you know the victim is me if a
and that would be a negatory no I didn't
know you were at the gate water will
tell the night of the murder
correct and you witnessed the murder
from the arrow um um
that's why would I tell you what you
already know very well mr. white you may
begin your testimony if I can't rip this
guy's testimony apart I'm done for
why do I always feel like it's the end
of the world and I'm the last man
standing
oh ho ho this is the thing I'm saying
it's my new thing trying to bring it
trying to bring it make it a thing I
hope you've made your peace with God mr.
lawyer
yeah oh whoa let him have it
Phoenix was she okay
mom monsoon was about nine o'clock I
believe I was quietly pursue fiying
there that's reading to you you newbies
you know bees you nor me nor meas some
some papers by the window then I heard a
bedlam coming from outside its prized I
turned to look at the building across
the way it was then I saw him thank you
he's spiking her man attacking a woman
with long hair needless to say that man
was none other than you mr. lawyer
I called Miss May over a month she too
was flabbergasted of course the victim
she she run away but you gave chase
finally there was a terrible infection
and then it was all over things occurred
as you testify then I'm afraid that the
run is guilty all done I mean if I'm a
corrupt judge right and bracelet all the
way fuck red let's get this body mr.
White's bring in the pitches very well
defendant I mean mr. right
no cross-examination yes your honor
okay let's see here
it was about nine we go into our
inventory at any time yeah well we can
do we have an account died from a blow
by a blunt object may have been living a
few minutes after being hint say the
time of death I was a cell phone
conversation
I mean we're probably not gonna find
anything but now 9:27 a.m. Mia what's up
you haven't called in a while well
actually there's something I want you to
hold on to me we could object to that we
have the time at 9:27 that's after 9:00
it's technical its a.m. o a.m. remember
this is the culchie made earlier this is
like the call it started all right all
right it's made to look like a statue to
think grant tells you the time to rotate
the clock is not talking right now and
take the clock we're out sorry I put
some papers inside and said papers yeah
no that doesn't help us
glass shards the thinker the wiretap the
receipts a department store receipt with
letters written in blood on the back may
is testimony the victim dodged an attack
then ran to the right but she was caught
and struck floorplans the murderer okay
that's it
it's all we got all right press what
press shit I've hit the wrong button can
you go back
nope Oh yep it's about nine o'clock I
believe if you want me to press him on
that yeah they said pressing we do it
anytime hold it
how do you know what time it was
oh because I was always absolutely
perfect you know know what you dickhead
no you're not getting away with that
you're so good you're so mistrusting mr.
lawyer so what was the proper term for
secretary again anyway this may ordered
room service for nine it happens soon
enough for the room service arrived
mm-hmm that's what miss May said to
press further I mean that seems to it
yeah yeah okay okay all back
what no press further what why not I
there's nothing to gain from attacking
him I didn't see anything to gain from
what why go back and try and press
further hold on okay okay well no what
were you doing at the time
quietly quietly all right yeah I saw
we'll find a afraid about I was quietly
pursuing her that's reading to you some
papers by the window press ok hold it by
window you mean the one directly across
from Fay and Cole offices correct what
is the only window missing and there you
were reading papers correct the gate
water is a business man's hotel and I am
a busy man who had business to do
then I heard bedlam coming from outside
oh that's a bedlam it must have been
when you were attacked I assume we see
continued surprised I turned to look at
the building across the way so you were
reading your papers until you heard that
sound but of course I am no snow peeping
out of windows at night
no snow beer right you've made a career
out of wiretap wiretap we have the
evidence of the wiretapping he was in
the room I'm no snoop what about the
wiretap there was no there is no like
there's no there's no option to object
no I mean I can press I can present I
can why do you go back and present the
wiretap when he says that about those
eyes you look at the building across the
way okay then you press and then nothing
oh there's no option then so you're
reading your papers until you heard the
sound but of course I have no snoop Wade
let's see if I can kind of go to the
core upper - yeah I can't present this
right now okay okay
so like anything he says I can present
something to him you know here wait if
you present incorrect evidence you can
lose health don't present any evidence
to you after you've pressed every
statement okay okay
it was then I saw him spike he hurt man
attacking a woman long hair this is
spiky haired man say that man was none
other than you
mr. lawyer what Hugh just said directly
conflicts with Miss May's testimony miss
make clearly stated stated that the
assailant looked like a girl I've always
been proud of my eyesight mr. lawyer
just what is your eyesight bling
counting both eyes forty-four forty
don't add them together you
I think the witness is trying to say is
I say it is good yes uh-huh
can I leave now I'm a crooked judge this
is a kangaroo court did it let let me
leave my Hugh sign is this judge huh you
know whose side the judges on Phoenix um
what do you do then my called miss me
over once she to for surprise approach
what was Miss maid doing at the time
she'd just finished watching a soap
opera on the TV and was weeping openly
what did you know she had been tapping
the phase office phone whoa
yo oven and there's nothing to do with
the case in hand tapping the phone of
the woman who was murdered has nothing
to do with the gaze of the what hats
you're not my I answer the learners bold
inquiry mr. main was acting alone when
she tapped the phone this Fey woman
you'd make a good politician mr. white
oh ho ho I know after all I am Oh
Presidente
please continue well the victim she ran
away but you gave chase can you be a
little more detailed about that I think
it's worth knowing exactly what happened
well of course comprehend a I understand
the victim was attacked by you and we
ran to the left
you gave Jason struck her down
are you sure you know I'm always am so
pause elute ly perfect perhaps you could
just use it that's why I keep changing
the Star Wars trilogy because I wasn't
perfect enough the first time I am more
perfect every day yeah perhaps you could
change your testimony to reflect this
new detail what I've worked on Brenda
left and you may have changed well
there's not much room to the left is
there yeah yeah go back up go go let's
read things like like if we go to the
schematic that is correct
Ram she well yeah that's where she
knocks shit over to the left
back
are you sure about that ran to the left
and I gave chase how many times must I
say I am
I'm so positively perfect end of story
how many times I had Phoenix Phoenix are
you attempting to whisper as much as I
can
you ready court not on the other side of
the room I have to whisper loud enough
for you to hear which is pretty loud
something really whispering this is
something about that strike you as a
little odd no go on
what's Jam say well go back and checked
well let's press them on that's a lot
finally there was a terrible impaction
then it was all over impaction don't you
mean just impact
ridiculous ridiculous 'ti well I think
you need to brush up on your language
skills on second thought perhaps I'd
better leave the whole language dead
Edgeworth prep this guy - I wonder
anyways
I better find a weakness in there she
said like something seemed odd about it
you know we can go back and come I'm
elected to do anything cuz I read
something in chant which look sounds
like it was a spoiler and what to do so
I think I'm gonna have to leave this all
to you yeah so I get why are you chat
why you gotta do what you do why you
spoil why you spoil reading some papers
by the window wrong detective which is
fun
I like figuring this shit out turn to
look at the building across the wave it
was then that I saw a spike here man
attack the one with long hair do you
listen say that man was neither than you
mr. lawyer called miss Mae over at once
she too was surprised of course flames
mostly on me for reading though people
might be figuring out themselves
that doesn't necessarily a spoiler I'm a
jerk but I feel I feel tainted and I
feel that it is wrong for me to assist
now the victim ran to the left and and
you gave chase well that's that's what
maiya spoke up on right yeah
so we have that we have the glass shards
which we have yet to use yeah
we have the floor plans so if they saw
it in the window she ran left and you
gave chase that would make sense right
that's why all that stuff is knocked
over over there yeah I don't want
anybody to be banned for giving
suggestions because they might just be
flying along with it's my fault to read
it it's all I'm baby yeah well I'm not
have been reading the chat while we were
trying to figure out the case rich fuck
and now you've left me to figure this
out by myself and you know how dumb I am
finally there was a terrible impaction
and then it was all over mother fuck I
believe it was quite some papers by the
window then I heard a bedlam coming from
outside turn to look at the building
across the way
called miss me over at once she too was
surprised of course Rin alright I'm
gonna present I either need to present
the office schematics or the glass here
right you can't help you can't help
Mia's autopsy report died from a blow by
a blunt object may have lived for a few
minutes after being hit the conversation
between the chief from yeah yeah we know
that one the broken remains of a glass
light stand broken beyond all
recognition you figure that helped butts
you ever see blood zach is wack says
jack I notice you acted in a similar way
when both talking to your kids and when
teaching Jay the binding of issac what
other dad skills do you use when dealing
with the rest of the rlm crew what I
wondered about your mad dad skills Oh
patience I've learned nothing but
patience for my children and and when
when I'm here that's what I have to rely
on is my utter utter patience also my
high tolerance for alcohol consumption
that I use here
okay no dry neutral piece of advice - no
well here's here's the thing
yeah here's what I just find in Mays
testimony which is Miss April May miss
April May says the victim dodged an
attack then ran to the right but she was
caught and struck and if you remember
when we were grilling May we tried to
present the the office schematic but it
didn't work so it's quite possible that
I should present May's testimony as he
says the victim ran to the left and you
gave chase that's what I'm assuming what
you're going to do that is what I'm
going to do that's what I read oh well
there you go so I'm back in at the widow
baby objection wait right there
mr. white you've dug your own grave
wanna since you said the victim ran to
the left but that directly contradicts
miss Mays testimony she clearly stated
that the victim ran right what look
we'll just fix it in post it's that
simple you you've misheard her I'll
change the dialogue it'll be fine
we'll we'll see Gianna made her lips you
want her to blink we can make her blink
I'm pretty good at blinking pretty good
it I think nuts look at the floor plans
the killer was here and the victim here
the victim ran to the left as you
claimed she did she would have been
running directly away from the door
she would have been running into a dead
end
don't you find that odd oh my god
it's wrong voice entirely it's very
strange magic watched on dvd/blu-ray
I did see her run to the left I did
Phoenix look at his face I don't think
he's lying about this one
true maybe he really did see the victim
run left so he did witness the killing
wait a second from his point of view
yeah then he definitely was yeah it's
all right yes your honor
fish May says right mr. white says left
that's all fine
you're obviously guilty can you explain
this contradiction to the court both our
rights yeah yep she saw she saw her ring
the left because from her point of view
from the window she went her left but
from his point of view or right yep the
other way around both witnesses are
telling the truth for once huh a doe
didn't hear rather it does not clear up
the contradiction there is one scenario
that would explain their conflicting
accounts what there are far too many
people like really confused
obviously the witness was not viewing
the crime from the hotel
oh I'm from fresh all right what do you
mean yes what do you mean he's not
viewing the crime from the hotel it was
not in the hotel or could've been oh
wait
in the law office a fan cow of course
horse in hindsight that makes perfect
way to feel kind of dumb now didn't I
have any magic objection two hours where
I could have put a stop to this like a
long time ago
Oh more specifically he was standing
here he was standing here put it on the
killer if the K of course take that this
is where he was look look when the
victim ran for the door
he was watching from this point to him
it would appear that she ran to the left
please this is no time for jokes and ill
taste that is where the killer was
standing oh wait not really bad at this
do I still get paid all right I have a
horn you're gonna take me so long to
figure out really glad I had him helping
me blackmail people I am dumb anyone
disturbing the order of this courtroom
maybe I don't connect none of this
matters law being blackmailed we're just
gonna find you guilty Phoenix a right
race now right what are you suggesting
rapscallion voices emerging postulations
of the defense our distortion of the
truth your honor
indeed they do seem a bit far-fetched
yeah you know what there's no real
evidence there there's not really
anything to go on that's solid ohoho you
provide us with so much entertainment
mr. mr. lawyer no he's he's laughing the
hilarity of the moment we'll know the
hilarity of the moment made me remember
something ooh
it appears I have been unclear from this
leg I apologize
he would go time to nail his balls to
the wall mister your honor my god why do
those voices want to mix because it's
current the other voice is like a it's
like a dust Kermit because my I guess
yeah my George Lucas is just kind of
like a lower keyed Kermit yep and then
your yeah your other guys just like a
like a southern dumb Kermit I'm not I'm
not going for Kermit with the other
lawyer I'm going for Ray Romano ha ha ha
hailing so spectacularly it sounds like
Kermit sure yeah that's good
a bad impression is a good unique
character there you go
very well let's share your revised
testimony because apparently that's okay
in court
good luck see can't fix broken testimony
buddy
she ran to the left she she ran to the
left
when Miss made his testimony was correct
that was mine when you assaulted the
girl she first ran to the left and then
you hit her savagely that is what I saw
next what the last of her strength she
ran to the right you chased her and
delivered the final blow
knows what miss Mason you see you hear
twice
don't you remember mr. lawyer
all right here twice yeah autopsy ah yep
makes perfect sense golf time time she
ran to the left
okay this may his testimony was correct
as was mine yeah we cuz we can we can
press yeah what do you mean by that to
explain you Americans just like me I
suppose always so impatient does not
become you hey buddy you're American hey
dickhead
that means you are American when you
assaulted the girl she first ran to the
left
what do you mean first what's the point
of presaged that is what comes buzz what
happens no they did a Madison what comes
before what happens next you do speak
English wine please sit back relax and I
will try to use simple words for your
benefit listen to my toots that's sweet
dude first she ran to the left and then
she ran to the right and then she did
the hokey-pokey and she turned herself
around and then you crack her skull open
with a clock that's what it's all about
I didn't hit anyone
no no mr. right there is no point hiding
things from this Court
yeah I'm not adding anything objection
oh well the prosecution requests that
the defense refrain from interrupting
the testimony nice alright you have been
warned
mmm next with the last were strength she
ran to the right you chased her in
delivered the final blow
that is what miss Mae saw you seen you
hit her twice that's impressed and did
he not see that what what what's the
bottom well we're not supposed to
because they warned us about pressing I
think what's without objecting that
pressing died from a blow by a blunt
object may have lived for a few minutes
after being hit a blow a blow single
blow I'm assuming that's what that is
what it says a blow that blows but you
know because of that oh yeah you see you
hear twice all right objective and
present the report all right well what
else we got Oh in here yeah got her
phone we have the glass shards
we have may's testimony the victim ran
civilian was caught in a struck and the
map
I think you look over the autopsy well I
think we present the autopsy report no
objection mr. white the victim died from
a single blow guilty oh boy boy what do
you have to say to that
um yeah so well well now's my chance and
where it counts mr. white wasn't you who
told this court he were apps opaza
lutely perfect that's hitting and
warehouse yes it is what if it is that
totally is well refrain from using this
phrase from now on Your Honor if you
could ask the witness for a new
testimony witness is obviously confused
your honor which I guess that should
make this testimony highly suspect in
the first place but I would like to
request 10-minute break so we can get
our stories your story straight as um as
generally someone who's being bribed all
the time if you could make my job easier
yes that would be great
there's absolutely no way you can win
this case you're going to jail mr. right
the witness is confused because he's
lying I emphatically requests that there
be no break your honor yes
what if somebody gets difference.we
we're just here for the murder this is
the sublease ID anyone who's convicted
gets shot on the spot we want blood it's
the only joy we're alone oh yeah sure
why not
if the witness would care to revise his
Chester made him the grounds on my side
no slipping out of this now white master
white okay well you see we looked at the
other window when I heard that thing
full boom boom
got him already I looked at the other
window when I heard that thing fall well
in the next moment I saw missed me a run
to the left the killer you attacked her
but she dodged um and then um turned and
ran for the door then you did her in
with a single blow flap all right he
says there was a crash and then she went
left yeah but the crash was to the left
okay floor plan that's the floor plan Oh
flap yep definitely guilty flap means
guilty I know the code I know the sick
code that all the kids are into
oh oh yeah begin your cross-examination
or whatever Oh mr. Your Honor
well my stomach you see it's hurting um
you know
deal with it bitch
this is almost over um okay well Moy see
I looked at the other window when I
heard that thing fall
let's press him on it you heard that
thing fall
what exactly was that thing whoa oh that
dumb the last light stand
all right the one that had fallen over
at the scene Phoenix doesn't something
about that strike you as odd yeah why am
i doing your job because you're a shitty
lawyer never mind mr. white what you're
saying you saw the glass light stand oh
yes yes then change your testimony to
reflect that so sorry my my bad my
justice apparently the way I work as a
judge is he just says the thing until I
like the thing he says cuz that's my job
as a judge from keep saying the thing
different until I like it
it got damn asshole okay of course
wait Stan was lying on the floor when I
looked on Dom do I go an hour do I go
through the whole thing or three just
say fuck it we know we know it's not
that well go the whole thing the next
one I saw miss me I run to the lift and
you can press on everything just keep
pressing
yeah mr. white
did you know the victim personally no no
no triple no um uh how would i how could
I
I see nothing all right about the
witness knowing the name of the victim
yeah that's actually that's fair that's
fair that's right mr. Wright I will not
have you harrying the witness he has
enough hair hurrying I didn't Harry
no it's Harry just don't do that you're
looking a little flustered Edgeworth
killer take her but she dodged now
before you said that she was hit before
she ran yes he must have been confused
but don't worry I know I know what
happened now she turned and ran for the
door this two voices this yeah you guys
got my George Lucas all fucked up what
did you do then gave chase of course Oh
a little more smug oh they say I gave me
the killer he gave chase yes mr. white
please try to remain calm I mean Jesus
Christ you just use implicating yourself
I just write is only trying to fluster
you with baseless accusations all right
Thank You miles my house then you dinner
and with a single blow flap
flap is that a gang sign that doesn't
sound like a savage attack from your
earlier testimony oh ho ho no news but I
am a man of peace you see Phoenix he's
getting a laugh most talkative what do I
have to keep telling you how to be a
fucking job I'm a terrible liar
nightstand was lying on the floor when I
looked we're back at the we're back at
the front okay so do it but do i press
on light standard do i press on go right
or do i press press the depress will
does the one you skipped no no okay
the question is do I present here or do
I present when he says she turned left
go back to the floor plan so so he's
saying first she ran to the door no no
the light stand was lying on the floor
when I looked what is he saying he's
saying she she went towards the light
stand
and then juked back because remember he
is looking at her through the window
right he's saying he's saying she went
left and then and then rights is the
door because from his perspective he
meant towards the door and then he
amended it to say well he looked when
she ran left which is towards the pot so
he would have seen that second no I mean
that he would have that would have
broken after he looked you haven't no
you haven't reversed before he was
saying the first thing he said was that
she ran left left no right no way Mason
is amazed testimony was that she ran
right
he said he said left the victim dodge an
attack and ran to the right right and
he's saying like he said left first he
said let's go to the floor pain left
would be towards but oviya but now he
said now he's from the window
perspective now he's saying now he's
saying in his testimony is that he may
was telling the truth she did ran right
because she ran for the door first and
then he didn't look over until she
started running left no that's not what
he said that's what he's saying now know
what he's here hold on let's go to
everything he's saying up he what he's
saying now is she ran left you swung and
then she ran all right so like the like
Stacey saying she ran left first right
yeah then the next moment I saw run
right right and see look she ran to the
left the killer attacked her but she
dodged she turned and ran to the door so
from his perspective he's saying she ran
left first and then right okay why he
was confused before okay but though do i
press him on here the light stand was
falling on the the light stand was lying
on the floor when I looked or the next
moment I saw Miss me run to the left
where do i press the floor the floor
plan or there the broken glass shards
well it seems to make sense story he
heard the noise which made him look yeah
so but then should already be broken
there's no contradiction there no there
was a contradiction okay where does it
okay so assume he is looking through the
window yeah how could the thing be
broken if she's not over there yet well
he's saying then she ran for the door
listen yeah you do it no no no listen be
with me I heard the thing crash so it's
already broken when he then this she ran
to the left that way I'm saying he he's
saying he heard the thing break and then
she ran to the left nobody
alright ok so the question is do I
present this what he's saying now is the
lifespan was already lying on the floor
do I present the floor plan the shards
now or then she ran to the left where
which one do I present it on because we
have the glass shards and we have the
floor plan contradicting this here I
think you then then I saw her run to
left and sure the floor plan we got out
we got a help thing we'll lose a
healthful wrong what I think this is the
time to do it
the floor is then I saw miss fear run to
the left so now present the floor plan
jack you obviously have a clear picture
how this works in your mind yes you make
the decision the light Stan was lying on
the floor when I looked then the next
moment I saw missed me a run to the left
don't look at the chat don't look at the
chat dumbwaiter the chat don't do it all
right
hey I'm gonna peek at the donation song
we're gonna a couple
all right I objected when he said then
she ran left this evidence clearly
reveals the contradiction in that
statement your honor how exactly are the
evidence in the statement just now
related they aren't are they not oh shit
yes all right please thank the fax over
before making accusations I don't think
that would mean any points with the
judges shit okay so I tried presenting
the floor plan when he says that next
moment I saw missed me around to the
left that's that was not the right way
to do that the light stand was lying on
the floor when I locked
the next moment I saw miss me a run to
the left the killer you attacked her but
she dodged she turned and ran to the
door then you did her in with a single
blow wet
what does the game want me to do okay
because obvious obviously the
contradiction is she I'm assuming she
broke the light when she ran to the left
fine toothcomb go to the start of his
testimony a light stand was lying on the
floor when I left this is the first
thing this is the first thing first
okay the glass stand was lying on the
floor that's the first I've heard of
this why didn't you tell us about the
stand before Oh
oh he was instructing that - well I was
instructed not to await one moment give
me a minute to gather my thoughts I am
so so confused that's like the prequels
all over again
Oh back then I was under so many drugs I
just didn't care
White's falling apart Oh Your Honor
please I ask that you do not allow the
witness to be badgered any further I'm
asked all right whatever he said I
stopped paying attention like eight
minutes ago I'll be honest with you you
know Andrews is on the ropes everywhere
elevated Regan then the next one when I
saw miss me around to the left press
oh yeah we did this Hardy I know I just
want to receive things sure please stay
long enough so I can see them
oh sorry did you know her personally
okay no no a triple no VM from well like
the article with his name on it that she
was investigating we don't have that
anymore we don't have that anymore
no we don't have that anymore okay
so we have nothing we can press on them
being connected No all right killer you
attacked her but she dodged before he
said she was hit before she ran
turning ran to the door
what did you do then I gave chase of
course what and then dude the guy gets
me out of this yeah plus tea with
baseless accusations all right Thank You
miles then you did her in with a single
blow flap and then you press and you go
flap is not a violent yeah it's not like
the savage attack from earlier this
money ohoho and then she yells at us
that's the last thing that's the last
thing it's got to be with the directions
right we're certain of that I the only
thing I can think of that is
contradictory in this statement is the
light stand right all right so let's go
when's the first time he mentions lights
and that's a great thing it's right here
a light stand was lying on the floor
when I looked hold on let's let's look
at the sharp I'm sure the broken remains
of a glass light stand broken beyond all
recognition okay that's what we have and
then we have the floor plans and you can
clearly see that the light stand is way
to the left yeah so we can only assume
that she broke it when she'd out to the
left but he's saying he heard it first
and that's what made him look over now I
already tried presenting the floor plan
on the next one I did not present it on
this one you did not try to present it
on this woman no I do it on this one
yeah yeah
mr. white it wasn't possible for you to
have seen the glass stand what one look
at this Oh mother for all Blanche to the
scene of the murder yes correct your
honor
now look if you were to look through the
window of the at the office this is the
area you would be able to see here well
note that the stand is not within the
visible area except the broken shards
that are all over the place well you see
glass he wouldn't see he saw
all right well mr. white what do you
have to say to that
I'd like to amend my testimony again I
sure know what you want I actually
didn't see the light stand no no she
Isis that's great I just turned around
and I saw what happened upon a Jill or
I'm gonna expose your fairy right I mean
I aren't I aren't I got the dirt on you
aren't I paying aren't I aren't I paying
you guys were ridiculous a team mr.
white if you were in the gate water
hotel as you claimed you could not have
seen the stand before it oh so it's not
about the order in which she knocked it
over it's about recognizing this man but
before it fell over yeah yeah
in fact you wouldn't have been able to
see it after it fell either there's no
way you could have recognized the broken
shards as a glass light stand so when
did you see the sand mr. White's it must
have been the moment that it fell and
the only place you could have seen that
from is inside the fail offices in other
words you were at the
of the crime when the murder took place
from my George Lucas can't scream like
that mr. white do you have any more
money to give me the other way around
what do you still want more of my money
it's blackmail oh he's not being bribed
yeah blackmail yeah yeah mr. white do
you still have those pictures of me with
my mistress mr. white you did it didn't
you
mr. Your Honor boy why miss me Oh looks
like we're about to get our verdict oh
no it's far enough Phoenix right what I
forgot about the Edgeworth mr. white I
think the time has come
shouldn't you confess your crime now hmm
well what what yeah um I said you should
confess your crime or go confess that
you placed the wiretap yeah yeah I'm
thinking now use my brain oh hi you're
Jeff I'll run Rob from from I'm from or
dah dah dah
mr. Edgeworth explain to the court what
you mean by this so I can be on the same
lie as everyone it's important to tell
everyone the lie
we can all be in on it distinguished
members of the court mr. white is
slightly confused allow me to explain I
really don't like the way this is air as
you know mr. white is CEO of of blue
Corp you ordered a secretary miss April
may tapped Law Offices of mrs. faith
what does that have to do do with your
your honor
you really shouldn't interrupt I'm going
to anyways I even know the question is
when was the wiretap placed in the
office and by who I know you who
wouldn't mr. white in order to place the
wiretap you entered miss phase office my
correct um correct
yes your your most correct miles give me
a break yes in order to place the
wiretap I breached the Fae and company
law offices that is when I saw the
cursed light stand there no one I'm
sorry you should be now I'm confused
please explain to the court what this
all means miss Edgewood Jesus remember
how you could have objected at any time
before you witness incriminated himself
you dick gladly your honor
mr. Phoenix Wright has made his position
quite clear he was he has determined
that mr. white knew the glass stand was
in the office yes shown that there was
only one time mr. white could have seen
the stand at the very moment of the
murder lost mr. Wright would like you to
believe that mr. white was the murderer
hi she so he's the murderer who however
okay thank you it is fact that mr. Wyatt
had been to that office well before the
murder took place when he went to placed
wider
he could have seen the glass lights down
then ergo mr. Phoenix writes theories
revealed for the baseless conjecture
that it is a run-time from from from
from mr. white you will testify to the
court about this why are tapping yes sir
leave to me oh okay the wire is
happening it was the beginning of
September the week before the murder
when I had entered me fame corporation
Law Offices of course I had done so to
place the wire attack get your Lucas
back get your Lucas back get it get in
your Lucas head first cradle Greedo shot
first
freedo shot first honda nitrogen force
it was great oh I gotta get back in the
box
hey George is very subdued that's when I
saw the glass nightstand oh ho ho hmm
youse all understand before the night of
the incident and this is how you were
able to identify what had fallen over by
the shower yes it all makes its guilty
face I just give him quick - wait that's
my she very well it's alright some food
you may cross-examine yeah what am I
supposed to do now good luck Phoenix it
now sounds like you're rooting against
me well honestly if you know did you get
the ramp on this I'm kind of off
scot-free either way it's still fine by
me kind of good here is happening okay
oh sure sure sure let's get caught up
I'm gonna stand up while we get caught
up stand up time for the caught up time
commit seein 1:20 says hey guys
love the show emailed you something you
may enjoy Batman versus X Batman vs
Superman extended cut notes on what is
new and what I think is bullshit in the
editions and in general with this best
of the worst style movie Jesus Christ
what's wrong with you can we talk about
that movie enough I mean oh my god oh my
god
tired and sad says what is your guys
favorite film that happened to also be
either a reboot or remake don't think
you understand these terms no that's an
adaptation it's not a remake which ends
lovin is pretty great you know what's a
remake the thing oh the thing is great
Ocean's eleven and the thing that's we
got to okay
oh the fog the remake of the fog is
really good
yep I really like that movie that's a
really good remake Mad Max that's not a
remake that I think that people call it
a reboot but it's not a reboot that same
continuity I think maybe sort of who
knows who cares yeah certainly not the
same plot
oh by the way and I say this thing was a
remake I'm not talking about the recent
CGI one I mean John Carpenter's The
Thing is a remake of a 1950s b-movie
called the thing from another world
yeah yeah it might not know no the fog
is good man fucks great the blob that's
not bad I didn't see that I didn't not
see the remake of the blob the fly oh
the flies great y-yes Chad the fly tired
intensity you missed one of the Titans
heads tips rich I'm reading everything
that's showing up in my recent tips and
I have heard some that I have not seen
messages show up I don't know if we're
having issues I don't know they should
show up and then the earlier time said
just just I read it put it in the
chiller in the chat cuz I have I've read
everything that's showing up in my
stream tipalert ER which I'm guess I'm
gonna assume we're having problems with
it happens sometimes it happens
sometimes
thanks happy
because I thought I heard more than I
read I'm just not in here
I did I do like the remake of the fog
yeah thought that was neat that grabbed
me just showing up in the one in the the
one behind the OBS Irish nice you guys
favor film your mind just stopped at
some point there's plenty above there Oh
weird
oh maybe when this the computer what
does the oh sure so they're right here
I'll just rewrite unless it all right
wait wait wait here this one hey Ritchie
unless you're featured in the half term
sad says hey rich
unless you're featured on the half in
the bag review of the film well you see
the Ghostbusters remake I don't really
have much interests I Karen will
probably want to see it I don't go to
see many movies in general like I have a
good feeling I I like it I still haven't
seen Deadpool yeah I didn't see that the
theaters it's just you just really see
that that's out everywhere now yeah
alright let's see here we got a favor
reboot anonymous says greetings from
Michigan have you guys ever visited the
great lake States also cocaine I went to
a minor-league baseball game in Michigan
okay the Kalamazoo Kings Oh playing the
Windy City Thunderbolts other than that
no all right I've been I've been to
those states yeah not for extended
periods but driven through a couple of
them I find it's been some time in
Michigan why Lisa says I'm laughing so
hard I am actually literally crying like
I've gone so far back out of the other
side that it makes me sad my face really
hurts this is my favorite game you guys
have ever played well thank you bye Lisa
an anonymous says hello I will be on a
holiday in February thinking of a trip
to the USA and visiting Chicago and
Wisconsin great idea I want to do the
Jeffrey Dahmer walking tour if it's
still a thing Jesus Christ anonymous
serial killers are fascinating
I guess I don't know if that's a thing
though I've never even heard of it I've
never heard of it either
I just know Jay knows where the jeffrey
dahmer hardware store is it's all I know
that I know they tore the building down
I don't know what's there now what do
they put there anything it was just like
like a plot of dead land where nothing
will grow I believe I believe either I'd
absolutely believe either you know
February is tough for like Chicago and
Wisconsin by the way because we will
have covered in ice yeah oh yeah the
month don't do it in February it's don't
do it in February it's a snowy icy
hellhole if you want to go anywhere in
February go someplace warm you go you go
to California
you got a Florida Arizona but not not
you don't you don't hit the Midwest in
February that's just not a good idea
it's asking for trouble anonymous you'd
want to come like now now what's nice oh
right now it's beautiful
it's perfect um okay okay back to Fiona
--ks okay we Nix it was the beginning of
the week before the murder oh sorry
that's fine do you have proof oh I miss
April May knew the details of miss phase
phone conversation this proves that the
wiretap was placed before the murder
all right all right I've heard the
faying : offices was it really you that
went and really pressing something yeah
or was it miss May's a fair question
unidentified fingerprints several days
old were found in the Fae ADCO law
offices those were obviously mr. White's
and if I know H worth he's already run a
check on those prints now mr. white tell
us why he went to the Fae in Co law
offices well of course Lea I had done
some to place the wiretap
why did you tap Mia's phone this has no
bearing on the current case your honor
yeah yes it's kind of true the only the
point is that he was there yeah blue
Corp is a detective agency of sorts we
have a responsibility to protect client
confidentiality was when I saw this
glass light stand no why did you notice
something as innocuous as a light stand
light stand was made entirely out of
glass it was quite stylish
so I guess admitting lasting impression
on me such a petition thing deserves
attention does it not that is all
Devon peasant there's I am done talking
now there's nothing there for me to
press him on oh well maybe he's rattled
off enough that I can Bluff something
out of him hmm there was the beginning
of September was a week before the
murder and that much week well let's
look at her evidence let's let's
re-examine everything I'm autopsy died
from a blow by blunt I listen I don't
conversation between the chief and my
aunt which was like earlier that day
right you know September 5th
it was the beginning of September the
week before the murder but the day of
the murder was September 5th
this is the day of this is the autopsy
report say it
that's something all right
hope you haven't called on well the
autopsy reports say I didn't see the
autopsy report did not give a date but I
believe this call was the day of or the
day before so it was the beginning
September yeah
the week before the murder is when he
placed the bug and would one do i how do
we do we remember this was the day of
the murder I bill I want to say this is
the day of the murder Mia what's up you
haven't called in a while well actually
there's something I want you to hold on
to for me again what is it this time
it's o'clock and you look like a statue
my take the clock work out I'm sorry put
some papers inside okay yeah see ya that
was so we could press on that well so we
got let's look at everything before we
get going the glass shards the broken
glass remains of a glass lights and
broken beyond all recognition
the thinker clock is in the form of a
statue the clocks gears have been
removed made by Larry Butz found in Miss
maze how a wiretap was found in miss
Mays hotel room a department store
received with letters written in blood
on the back which we still have yet to
youtl to use mace estimate away from
dodged an attack then ran to the right
but she was caught and struck floor
plans and we'll check the floor plans
their floor bones
so we do have the the recorded phone oh
my god that's all we got press him on
that bounce or present that sure the
witness's statement is clearly faulty
your honor
yeah I'm sure but I can see nothing
faulty nope nope nope shit damn shit I
had entered the Finkle offices of course
I had done so to place the wiretap the
wiretap was still in in the hotel room
or was that the listening device
hold on we'll just read Oh
time has come for you to admit your
defeat
you fought honorably oh come on come in
no I'm not giving up what what why am i
giving it happen I didn't run out of
health no I just ran through the
testimony again so I we're hearing a
voice no Meah
what it's ghost Mia Mia tell me who
murdered you and how I can prove it we
run what I don't know we entered lala
land where am I about to be executed the
waiting Lobby what happened all right
I lost it what I was hallucinating
what gak
what the fuck is happening no I don't
know jack that's no way to greet no
friend
Phoenix I want you to look at me mmm-hmm
at my eyes Phoenix my eyes wait your
mayor didn't know you didn't you know
the Fae women have strong psychic powers
doesn't she look very different it's the
pose
we haven't seen her of the spells we're
gonna sign when you accept your defeat
in court are we going back in time it
appears that was enough to shove a shock
to awaken may his true powers oh that's
Mia saying that what oh this is Mia in
her gypsy out Oh Oh what are you talking
about man well sure I don't fucking
fucking fuck Samia is channeling dear
God that's right I'm mayor but I'm also
Mia it does not help that our names are
very similar does not have the confusion
now I want you to listen to me Phoenix
maeín never gave up you can't either
that's why I came here to tell you I'm a
ghost I'm a cosplayer fucker okay here
to tell you some cool shit we don't have
much time Phoenix you gotta listen to my
ghost shit you've already won what I'm
very confused
you have their receipt in the car wreck
a ride oh yeah the one you wrote maiya
on and totally ruined
Phoenix Wyatt wrote that not me
what
so what yeah yeah the game just utter
autopilot bail we propped up too bad I
don't think we fucked up for it unless
we missed something way earlier cuz you
isn't you could not look closer at this
this is weird
yeah yeah so uh great tell me what to do
with this look at the front of the
receipt the front goes it's a regular
receipt I think it's from a famous
department store $1000 Wahab big spender
item glass light stand why couldn't the
game let us read the receipt and they
have this deduction happen ourselves why
is the game doing this for us that seems
like an incredible amount of bullshit
I am incredibly upset right now that is
an incredible amount of having a lot of
fun with this game figuring out all this
detective stuff and it just uncharted me
ha ha ha we done got Naughty Dog we got
they Naughty Dog this because they
wanted to tell their story rich they
wanted to tell their doses story so they
wouldn't let us play the game run we got
fuckin Naughty Dog Dave Burgess
September 4th oh my god she only bought
it the day before a fuck you game come
on that's right Phoenix
I bought that saying that day before I
was killed
whoa fuck yeah whatever yeah yeah yeah
yeah yes please don't let me solve the
case
but it's not it's not bad gaming it's
not just bad game making because they
have already proven that they can make a
good game this is this is a specific
naughty doggin where they take the game
away to make sure they can tell their
story correctly right yeah because the
only purpose was that was to set up more
ghosty stuff here that was the only
purpose to take the game away why are
you guys what why wow you guys are
really taking this mild amount of story
herb no what we're taking hard is the
fact that this should have been a thing
that we deduced like look the receipt
had the information on it and we could
read that information oh we should
object on this yes though that's the the
whole point of this game is us using our
detective skills and logic to to catch
people in lies right I'm upset because
now the game has decided to play itself
for me we could not figure that out
there was no way we could figure that
out that's upsetting
that's fucking upsetting go do now
Phoenix you know your receipt updated in
court record now now that the game is
said we can look at the receipt like it
would it would have been differently
like let's say we had to find that in
the room and if we just didn't find it
maybe then the ghost comes but we had it
and there was no way to look at it
that's bullshit that is bull shit
storytelling it's a visual novel not a
detective not the magical bullshit it's
not the fact that there's a ghost I
don't care about that I care about that
we didn't get to deduce this crime that
the game is now telling us here's the
receipt he was the receipt and the
receipt why don't I figure that out I
wasn't were we able to figure that out
if this is a visual novel they wouldn't
have had as much gameplay as they have
had already we have been a detective we
have been deducing shit
until now they take that away from us I
lost so much respect for them judging an
entire
game on the first four hours the first
four hours of your game shouldn't suck
used for hours we we took a long time
determining how long to make that series
first hour can you tell if games good in
the first time man maybe not first
couple of hours no maybe not if you sit
through the first half-hour of a movie
and it sucks of a bad movie you have a
bad movie there are very few exceptions
to this four hours is a lot you should
have a something decent in four hours
fuck no it will end and here's if the
whole game was like that what I just go
on fucking one more one more thing one
more thing
yeah if the whole game was like that
where the game was playing himself more
of a visual novel then at least we would
know what we were on par for we do silly
voices right the game set up the
catching people in LA using the
information at hand to set it they set
up the game and then they took it away
I'm saying I was all into well how what
what bit of testimony can we find
where's the evidence can we find what
logical thing can I deduce and then the
game here use the receiver she's got a
thing on it there you go Oh what do you
do for you don't worry about Oh yep
sorry Your Honor I passed out I'm fine
now
it's just a character moments but they
took my game away took my game away okay
Your Honor please give me one more
chance I promise you this is the last
time I'll ask you but as Miss Edgeworth
has noted the trial is more or less
finished and remember that I'm being
blackmailed so I don't care about what
you have to say mr. Edgeworth do you
have an opinion on the matter I say
let's give mr. Phoenix right his last
chance very well you may begin your
cross-examination okay
it was the beginning of September the
week before the murder
present the receipt wait yeah
look closely at this see the word may
have written in blood wha-huh you're
grasping I think not look at the other
side of the receipt you have the other
side your honor would you tell the court
what is written on the other side of
that receipt well nope I'm not reading
that I'm being bribed remember not
reading it a glass nightstand and the
date of purchase why that's the day
before the murder
you see mr. white when you will leged
lian turf and coal offices at the
beginning of September Last Stand could
not have been there well mr. white can't
get out of this one can you know it's Oh
God it's impossible
no he's losing it well Your Honor I
understand there must be quite a lot of
pressure on you but I think you'll agree
you can't judge me guilty under these
circumstances
go up very well then that is all for the
trial of
not so fast Phoenix right here what no
he can warm his way out of this one no
wait I forgot it's into Earth there is a
certain thread of logic to the
defendants claims however there is no
concrete proof that Phoenix Wright is
innocent
dude there's no proof that hobo Joe is
innocent either how about that you know
ergo I would like to request one or day
before Phoenix Wright has granted his
freedom I need time to make one more
inquiry into this matter huh then Cory
this isn't going to be another one of
those updated autopsy reports this guy
just makes up evidence as he pleases
this is bad object
well of course object I don't want to go
to jail mr. White's guilt is obvious
there's no need to prolong this trial
any further well why would you say that
how about like the the witness the
witness's testimony needs to be thrown
out so there's no evidence for me
there's other things to say there dick I
miss Edwin if anyone's going to call mr.
white trial be me the persecution
prosecution I know I need today Wes tain
what are these new claims of any basis
and factual evidence you mean besides
the factual evidence that I'm holding in
my hand that's pretty good one actually
objection denied
yeah hmm ah the completion of the trial
of mr. Phoenix right will be postponed
until tomorrow no there's no telling
what will happen if I can't end this now
net worth is sure to come up with or
just make up something after me I showed
up to help me out and all know mr. Your
Honor may I go home
of course do what you want man yeah the
witness will stay I lost me oh shit cuz
ghosts as ghosts Phoenix
I think I'm my sister now read this note
out loud I am doing all of your work for
you I've gotta live it crazy Mia what's
this fucking do it
stop looking at my tips no can't I read
it in your honor if I may
yeah quite for listening today aren't
you mr. right yeah I don't give a fuck
do what you want I have something I
would like to read to the court this
cellphone he's memo
the memo Mia had given me was a list of
names many of them sounded strangely
familiar
people and finance famous celebrities
that's when it happened
swamped system halts um please stop by
make make him stop how did you get that
list um mr. white is it is there ghosts
talking to him now or is that like the
sister who's also can talk to him even
though she's not a lawyer admit your
guilt right here right now or else this
list will be released to the press
I'm from I'm from I'm from I confess I
um I did it I hit her
I hit miss me out with this clock thing
no no think her he's closed your honor
we're done great who are you again
weren't you just on trial yesterday I'm
me a sister who now believes that she is
possessed by the ghost of my sister so
I'm claiming to be Mia but I may um I
know that's doubly confusing because our
names are basically the same well I
guess that's okay for me I mean I am a
fucking judge you read those notes got
some names on it
that means Phoenix Wright is innocent
that's how this works
that's all his card system works thanks
Donald Trump look what you've done to
the country yeah well I see no reason to
continue this trial shit man yes your
honor
you've done well not so much you as in
someone saved your ass at the last
minute again congratulations yep
yes you could say that uh you know I'm
pretty awesome
yeah well this Court finds in the
defense rather the defendant mr. Phoenix
right well although we should probably
arrest that one guy don't you think he's
gone
because that one guy totally admitted to
murder so who let him leave that engine
starting car why is no one getting him
bail did we fire the bailiffs all right
we got a couple new clip tips here in
firsts this is rich would you have
preferred the game to give you a choice
of three different colored receipts I
don't get that that's the mass effect
reference oh and Sarah Chan Sarah Chen
who who gifted us Phoenix right I'm very
sorry for being so mean to it but that
was a little bit of bullshit it says if
it makes you feel any better I hated
this part too and the rest of the game
never does that
okay okay believe you Sarah Chen there's
annoying we're doing great detective
work before that like we're conversing
about everything oh let's look at this
well when I was this relate to that mmm
and you know it's that was just one
little part of our joyful experience but
we try to react naturally and if I was
playing that at home and that happened I
would have got yeah so we were trying to
convey our feelings there's nothing to
do with ghosts I think it's people I
think there's people that think we're
upset that the Jews in this fictional
setting goes it's fine that's fine
no no who's that they took the game boys
if we gave away from us we were solving
crimes on our own we didn't want the
game to do it for us right well I never
thought I'd be saying this again but I
missed congratulations you're lucky I
was born a fee I'm a ghost I'm lucky I
had both you and me on my side and now I
got these tits man I'm gonna look at my
tits I'm gonna be really popular
oh I'm glad you made it thank you for we
mix we must a lot to help me and mayor I
won't forget it as long as I live live
Giggy Giggy ghosts my time is running
out I are you dying no I'm gonna stop
pretending to be my sister soon I'm very
delusional my medication ran out last
week yeah now the stress of his murder
business just gets to you you know well
what no there's still so much to say
don't worry I'm sure we'll meet again
good don't haunt me bitch
geez I'll see you tomorrow when you drop
me off at the psych ward geez Phoenix
can you come to the office tonight say 9
o'clock
shit yeah menage a ghost no sane cuz
that's what I died
sitting here it's hard not to think
about that night you came literally I'm
pretty excited about that the ghosts way
I really need to tell Mia it's kind of
ride you my dad oh of course I came
wolfin I'm pretty hungry how about your
cock what what I mean a burger so I know
Mia bwahaha you should see your face cuz
of wood everywhere you know as a ghost
you're kind of a bitch you need at all
it's me Maddie what are you talking
about it's me made-up Mia not me I
didn't just give you a blowjob I'm gonna
blame that on the ghost of my sister
thank you that was all that was my
girl's sisters idea hey you know since
we got started already you want to
finish it yeah Oh what what did I look
like my sister look like you were I
might be able to use that what Oh for
we're all phoinix go to the store and
buy me lunch would you it's 9 o'clock at
night
Mia I'm a night owl why of why are you
here
is this see me a robe you water well I
guess I wrote me a letter as well I
won't lettering them signed with me I
I've got your shoes man I've got a lot
of issues I wrote a note that says take
care of Phoenix for me take care of
this means the office this office that's
not what that means at all take care of
Phoenix I guess get back get back
Oh oh yeah great then leave some of this
out with the new writing cold war office
is right
what who better but me a crazy woman
casual yeah I like casual I'll call you
maybe but just like the ghost whisperer
only we solve more crimes prepare like
scooby-doo I don't know with real ghosts
why would you call me Nick
no mind calling me Nick d what what the
fuck why would you call him it my name
is Phoenix Nick's Nick
that's the worst nickname I've ever
heard it's a great name Mia said that's
what your friend Larry calls you back
you know what this means we're partners
no no we are not this phony medium thing
really wasn't working out I'm wheeling
my way into this law firm I'm so broke
apparently you're only 16 our king broke
this is temporarily looking like your
sister so you know what yeah you're
hired
you fucking hired how about that oh
that's worth it
you know when I think about it it's may
as fault I'm here now but if it wasn't
for her I'd probably be in jail right
and Kowal offices it's got a good ring
to it
yeah thanks Maya but just girl
impression cuts through my ears like a
knife there it is rich menage a ghost
I got nothing better to do I like
watching right okay Nick let's do it
dude
do what burgers dummy burgers oh it's a
great very better than a man thank you
okay wait up B and we did it not the
whole game ah oh
episode next day that that's the whole
episode that was all that was all of of
the the ghost sisters or whatever they
called it yeah I tried to keep the mic
further away from my mouth and I was
doing Mia I probably forgot here and
there oh yeah it happens the first turn
about turn about sisters and turn about
samurai a lot of turn abouts why is that
it's weird that's the thing they're
doing a thing so you think that's weird
all right here we go
yeah here we go burger is a euphemism
for sex
I can only I can only assume it was the
end of the second case we know that we
did it we said we would finish the case
we finished the frigging case out they
just forgot about the murderer that we
can assume that they took the murderer
away but they cut too wide in the
murderer was just gone from the stand so
I like to imagine that he just ran away
and they they forgot about him yeah it's
like the ending of a police squad
episode yeah
where everyone freeze freeze yeah yeah
and the murderer
it just runs away that was great that's
a great gig okay oh I'm in charge of the
torture hey look it's watch er rip let's
see here we have
this new subscriber and it says where
was the make up stream I really wanted
to see how Jack put his clown makeup on
and how rich does his eyeliner we make
this bigger
oh yeah minor I fill it fill the whole
deal here
boink don't you have the oh can you drag
at the edges yeah I can drag out the end
I can do that I really wanted to see
Jack put on his clown makeup and how
rich does his eyeliner oh yeah you know
didn't didn't really happen
makeup stream shit shit happens it was
busy fucking week man yeah I apologized
yep knowledge junkie 11 months for hack
frauds Kirkland has subscribed now for
12 months in a row welcome to the one
year Club spooky Dookie 18 months in a
row gobbledygook s-- twenty three
fucking months in a row and gobbledygook
says better overlay than underlaid for
that true dat double true the x1 35 the
Trog man doctor so amazed 15 months in a
row and doctor soyita says going to see
they might be giants and san fran on the
21st they're playing all of Apollo 18
hope see you there jack also you're
welcome fart all of Apollo 18 you lucky
lucky bastard that sounds great
the real van I'd you did it the
repentance as I did it
waffle tell Walt highs and beard for 21
fucking months in a row
we're apparently helping Walt stay up
when they shouldn't we will have a good
one think Ewalt only child
rich reads Stardust 18 months in a row
this mind of mine 17 months in a row
lady Denning my turns green 19 months in
a row machine gun funk groovy yonder
yonder yeah under yonder says hubba just
hubba hubba fruit pie the magician
welcome to the one-year Club thank you
for subscribing twelve months in a row
and we need to try nidhogg it's like two
dollars on PSN big sales yeah you know
what we do need to tryna talk that's on
our lists of games to play bill Tetley
twenty five fucking months in a row
that's crazy
hunt it's hot crazy crispy fried man hey
guys I can't get the hang of the combat
section in a hand of fate got any tips
the counters aren't as reliable as they
are in the Arkham games mhm
a lot of things that like like
long-range attacks and they're hard to
get hit by stay on the move tonight
could hit by a long-range shit be
careful of stepping over rat corpses
because they poison you yeah traps in
general like yeah I always wanna roll
rolling is your friend roll away rolling
away running away rolling away and just
try to find that that uh the enemy you
know the enemy attacking dad's weren't
appropriate just gotta get there don't
worry so much about it building up a
combo just worry about making sure
things are dead yeah yeah stab stab run
steps have run yeah the real Quaid
twenty fucking months in a row fisted
buy dope smoke nineteen
months in a row fisted by dev smoke says
fuck ya tear both eyes out and I say
fuck green screens fuck the elder Glee
fuck everybody
those elder grid Glee elder elder Glee
those elder Glee they don't know what
the fuck they're doing our Miller eleven
months in a row you always well she got
a freebie you hacks have almost gotten a
year's worth of subscriptions out of me
I'm seriously thankful for all you guys
do though keep it up I keep on keeping
on we will our Miller Thank You chaos
14:28 caesarean hurt 14 months in a row
fleshy patch 21 fucking months in a row
and they say San Dimas highschool
football rules
excellent excellent reference excellent
reference received processed and
accepted that's a fun movie in for us
says two months hopefully I don't get a
job in this month so it can be three a
horrible glory
Ezri subscribe for 20 fucking months in
a row nice O'Doyle rules and horrible
glory says confirmed for wasted life
that's every live ultimately no look at
the end it's all the same thing yeah
kind of okay I'm just worried to the
joke yeah and the joke Turner I'm gonna
say legitimately if you're looking for
something to do after the stream what I
have watched on Twitch and it's
absolutely kind of amazing that's true
it's not agdq because I want to look for
agdq earlier today let's see what
they're up to
yeah and I saw also on the front page
the rocket League championships
oh and watching high-level rocket League
play
yeah oh my god they're fucking great I
could only imagine as I've played rocket
Lee I could appreciate the things
they're doing and how kind of amazing it
is so head over to see the rocket League
gym every League championships is fun
too wide or awesome games done quickly'
which is happening right now at weights
but I mean rocket League right okay I
guess is it well let's do a real any now
just say goodbye goodbye have a nice
night thank you
