Episode 599
Inside Insides (Part 2)
August 9, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c44kQIm3m9k
___________________________________________

Jack you're winning I am I am winning
all right come on come on you you're all
mine now
hey look it's these other dickheads we
have played salt and sanctuary we have
it's it's a really fun 2d darksouls
Metroid game that is incredibly
incredibly ugly and but the gameplay is
really really fun I had heard rumors
that they want to bring it to the Vita
which would be great it'd be a perfect
handheld but uh ps4 right now I think
it's on it's on Steam as well yeah but
you have to do just asking how you ever
just I mean so on top of it demanding
yeah that's probably some like name Jack
or jerk though Jack the Joey I can
forget these guys have some muscle I'm
gonna add some muscle with me pull them
I'm hoping nope no guess what then oh
push them ye little dime
Oh what are they doing I don't care
they're still human
I don't know look at him well I guess we
all kind of look weird like that we all
look like pasty and formless we do huh
we do well all of us who are in this
world did they find any of the secret
things in the game yet one of them was a
secret that I think the glowy ball that
I took the thing out that's what we got
a machismo part
whoo hello hello
I always thought of these guys as clones
oh sure maybe clones I'm thinking mind
control that's creepier
it's creepier if they're enslaved hmm
sure I guess I can go either way like
this what I like about this is I'm just
dragging his corpse cuz we need the body
count yeah I love it
all right come on dickheads let's catch
you yeah that's great
all right let's see what that box landed
a clone could be enslaved yeah it sure
was creepy it's it's creepier to think
that they were individuals before yes
they were once individuals there's
something that's just kind of taking
over oh they are dead
Oh nope oh I thought I'd have to drag
all their corpses hey guys welcome to
the slave party let's rock I believe
that's all guys 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11
well there's three in the room already
or something like that yeah this is one
guy was already out there a couple other
guys standing off the side
yeah maybe I might be one further to the
left I don't know you know I think
that's right hey guys let's double check
let's double check let's go here every
all the dickheads over here
follow me it's not it's so disappointed
they weren't dead it would have been
more comical to drag the body but we've
got to drag someone's body I thought we
got to murder somebody
Oh Oh yep you're right you're right
this thing I couldn't open before all
right lift it up dickheads
hello one mA dick head to the party oh
that's all right
well they throw you yep how do they know
jack because the game tells me how do
they know the game tells them to know
this is rich every game should be doomed
look how long has it been since we did
that episode I'm doomed
what do you mean
how long has it been since we talked
about doing ever since we started
playing it it's not like two months I'm
not gonna have oh sure here I'm still
playing it and I love it
almost there saying you've been
listening to too many Australians
calling everything a dick ending a
dickhead
both cockney I think a dickhead dick ed
did what you set that time okay I might
have oh there we go got him all right
the kids catch me nope all right
whatever I got older dickheads now let's
see what we got here thank you for
sending us dustin illicium trick a tale
we will check it out okay I think I have
enough now I think I have like 16 dudes
with me I think there's two in the room
and there's at least two in the room and
the dead body so we we should have more
than enough to open the door yeah all my
friends are dickheads - I love my life
as a dickhead that's a good that's a
good VCF video they've out the dickheads
it's pretty funny all right now let's
see what happens
the one guy with no pants is my favorite
says those yeah now look at this I got a
dragged the corpse over oh wait oh do I
heard you can I just jump cuz you're
just one away good point okay here we go
and let's see what we win why don't they
just stay there because the game tells
them to you oh and my head fell off
somehow because the game is done with
that part
who is something fun is happening over
here
oh oh oh a sonic boom so what's
happening you need to be in cover I see
that now what I love that you just
splattered when I hit a bird on the
highway while driving 95 miles an hour
it just hit the windshield and did
something that looked a bit like that
fuck are they doing you know this is
part of the world ending rich pics or it
didn't happen oh we were this before I
had met Jack for any one of us had met
Jack it was me Mike J and some other
people hmm in a car on a road trip to
South Dakota for a convention of other
Schmucks who made movies in their free
time and as an 18 hour drive to freaking
South Dakota and it was my turn to drive
it was like 5:00 or 6:00 in the morning
everyone else was asleep except for one
of Jays friends but driving down the
highway going 95 miles an hour there's
nothing in front of me and his flock of
birds food by the car and I guess I
guess they weren't used to cars going 95
miles an hour and one didn't make it
across and and and he just he evaporated
I shouldn't laugh but Here I am
I can't make this it looked like when
Randy Johnson exploded that pigeon with
a fastball a little bit only this is on
a windshield so there was like a thin
layer of goop on the windshield that we
had to stop at a gas station to clean
off
that's great I think I chose poor oh no
I swerved no I didn't because I was
driving I would have I would have taken
evasive measures but my brain calculated
you know I'm going 95 miles an hour I I
don't want to like make this car fucking
flip over when I wanted to drive it a
fucking van if I I was worried that if I
turned I would own fucking wipeouts
absolutely it's driving way too fast I
shouldn't have been but I was don't
swerve at 95 miles per hour yes my many
five miles per hour that's what I was
thinking yes oh no oh okay
no no you see it I can oh you can stop
it I can stop it but it either has to go
or stop so I need to figure out the
timing when it's going to be where I
want it to be
but it was it was a it was a calculated
move was either that bird or everyone in
that car you felt bad about it but I
just had to keep going
slamming on the brakes would have been
bad oh then you probably have to time it
of course that well that's why I needed
the time the first one because I'm sure
that oh oh nice I did it I know what's
up I know what's up
well that's sucked
oh Jesus
oh you know they don't die why don't
they die that's up there in suits
they're probably dead they don't explode
uh-huh cuz they explode cuz they're in
suit oh I see them explode yeah don't we
all
which thought that Air drag would push
the bird away from the windshield no I
was pretty sure the bird was gonna be a
goner look I feel good about it I didn't
feel good about it
I had I had multiple lives in a car that
weren't counting on me
I couldn't just swerve because of the
burn time that should have should have
yep listen I got the first part down
right Shay I thought I could run I
thought I could blindly run my way
through it and wait for it up here
here there's no timing at though you can
tell how far apart they are
oh no but I mean like with the slide
there's no controlling slide once you
start sliding you'll have to time it
like jump a little bit before we think
the brooms had a cock like it yeah
oh so maybe that's what the outside
world is you know we don't know what's
gonna jump Jim Jim Jim
now
Jim
jump
No all right no no it's all right
everything's gonna be fine I would send
a twitch cheer but it's not out of beta
yet yeah you know it's it's one of those
things what we'll see
Oakland
you know if it's far easier for us to
use we'll use it obviously if it's not a
giant pain in the ass for everyone I
also don't think we have a choice for
using I just so you just fucked probably
probably fucked should already probably
we made it that's all that matters yeah
just thinking ahead jack just thinking
ahead alright nothing no I just wanna
see wanna see can have up fucking water
call that one huh you see the rope you
know what's going on
oh no it's a really bad jump at any
point during your run to the ledge why
didn't you stop everything was going
wrong cuz we could all tell cuz it's it
could all tell what's gonna happen when
you see him die nothing yeah it dies a
little bit I'm right yeah it's fine we
rope oh I'm wondering now if you were I
was expecting I was waiting for you
actually like faceplant into the door we
know boom boom red jacket work got the
mad skillz look at this kid boom fucking
hockey now things are getting bright
things are getting bright what's going
on Jack Oh shits going to having a great
underneath you sunshine Oh or down I
just just keep swimming just keep
swimming just keep swimming swimming
swimming okay I know this already I got
this this one first then this one maybe
the other way around this one first nd I
wonder
now
huh I think just need to start a little
bit earlier and anticipation of the
other one coming up right now I'm
missing I'm missing an aspect of this oh
yeah you could just go right up oh you
know what I'm missing even a third
aspect of this I got this I got this I
got this ready yeah I got this this one
then this one get in this one oh oh I
missed it see what I see and that I knew
that was coming
the other ones got to get up on top you
know
we'll see huh we did break our links in
this game once chat kinda lies there you
gotta live there than the other people
ran over and what do they start doing
this sort of shooting him or something
ah he heats one of those things they're
even creepier now that they're not
moving move that actually sends shivers
down my spine I love you know what I
love is like the little details look how
it puts his hand on the glass so now are
you enjoying this so far yeah that's
fine but I'm playing I'm just watching
no no this is fine game fine game do you
want to play I guess is there's a
question no I should have asked like 20
minutes ago
hey no no I think there's a fine game
it's fine game um you know bleep here if
she was gone the next time you get back
Griffin Griffin denied on one how do
oh no she's here she's here
that's creepier than now that were in
the pool with her get some fucking air I
got some air I'm hoping this is there
I'm just testing yeah this is it
all right this is fucked this is fucked
this she's gonna start swimming better
go from there we go
here we go hip flex act like fuck fuck
fuck fuck get the fuck out of here swing
there you go
I'm just gonna swing and swim that's my
plan that fucks if that's this fucking
freaks me now that mermaid lady I know I
just wanted to see if there was in it
like if I could like peek over there cuz
I I bet there's a secret over there
right jump to find it I do not I am more
interested in finishing the game if we
can do so oh I have no idea how close we
even are alright alright I'm just
jumping that ledge makes me think that I
should just fuckin go for it oh yeah
there yeah that's exactly what that was
and I put put pop up up up up up up up
up up up that's so creepy
it's great da mermaid bitty swelling go
slightly left him jumping on another
catwalk right it's much safer over on
that other catwalk won't do it he won't
do it okay call ain't really knows that
someone in the chat is guessing we're
about two-thirds through an hour okay oh
wait do I know you guys the menu you
guys go to the menu and go to load you
can see exactly how far along you are
did I want to do that
what did you do I just went left first
and oh yeah if you hit the button it
goes to the left and comes back Wells
got any reason for that what's to the
left the other platform but it doesn't
even go to the other platform does she
follow it
can I like go fishing for her right now
let's just see what happens nope no
bumps oh I'm so dead yeah I'm so dead
yeah oh god that's awful that's the
worst way to die that's the worst way to
die okay so it goes back to see there's
the end of the of the thing there right
I believe I have to go fishing for her
you need to lure all the way over there
yeah I agree
now don't jump off the chain just climb
all the way down it maybe she'll follow
you if you're near the water
I can always jump back up or not or not
or not to aren't too soon but I think
you got the right idea
okay we
the way she moves is the worst is King
video it really is they they really did
a good job making her the absolute
creepiest congratulations
whomever made this game you got yourself
a creepy lady oh yeah here look I can
just dip my toes in that's that's cute
right there that's cute horror I feel
really good about that tired sad says
hey guys what are your thoughts on the
rumors that the Ghostbusters remake has
a scene addressing sexual sexist
dislikes on YouTube
I think do whatever the fuck they want
that'll just be annoying they can and
will do whatever the fuck they want
that's fine
look movie comes out as bad movie you
say it's bad movie and then you go on
with your life and everyone thinks it's
a bad movie it won't get that much money
and then you'll never hear about it
again mm-hmm that's true rich the the
shady tactics they're going through to
defend the movie the bullshit mmm is
annoying but there's nothing you can do
to change that they're gonna call you a
sexist because you don't think the
movies funny
yep and maybe it will be funny it's
quite possible that it could be funny we
don't know it will almost certainly not
be worth the Ghostbusters remain because
they're remaking movie that is damn
great but whatever whatever right
oh wait did they say we can go in here
and check out on our progress
oh that's how far we are what is oh okay
mmm hey we might be able to what time is
it
that's 9:40 yeah it's depending on how
late we want to go tonight we'll see
we'll see how if I were you man to you
jack is it it's got a bike home catching
pokémon I really am I really want to do
that at 1:00 in the morning I wanna I
want to let everyone know that my it
took me and I took like an hour and a
half to get here because I stopped for
every single Pokemon I I got a special
thing just to mount my phone to my
handlebars so every time I ran across
the Pokemon I could catch a Pokemon
moment on my way over
yeah and I caught I honestly like 2025
Pokemon on my way ever was great and I
plan on doing the same thing on the way
home I know you'll have all the Pokemon
up one night and there'll be no reason
to play the game ever again I know well
nope nope nope nope nope nope nope
you're gonna need to go back up yeah
lure her over yep
she's over here right yeah she's over
here
she's already over there so what you
think I need to hit it once then go back
up to open it and then I can close it on
my next run-through she's already on the
other side right that's idea yeah you
gotta hit the buttons fast as you can
and try and get back up there I think
I'm down with that doubt that she just
wants to love you yeah come play with us
thank you I'll come back over here hello
no this does freak me out like that
visual it shit is not doing anything
good for my psyche there's pee in the
water
nice call rich nice call on hitting the
button behind you oh yeah yeah that's
part of it I don't even think of that I
figure there just be another platform
right up here if I should see you you
beat me on that one jack we're teamwork
yeah
well I'm making this so far I'm not
actually playing it but it's fine fine
little game hey hey now that's not nice
that you're in the face you moron
this is weird what she's yeah keeps
dragging me down I'm not dead yet
it's strange dan I think perhaps this is
it now
I don't know this could be a a cutscene
that seemed weird that could be a
cutscene can you move all no say look
this is definitely a cutscene that was a
die on purpose moment
yeah she just hooked me up to something
that was definitely the happiest moment
a naughty dog that naughty dog again is
when you deliberately take away from
gameplay and you diminish your gameplay
for the sake of telling a shitty story
right this is if this isn't a death then
this is kind of a cutscene and that's
fine
this is definitely not a death this is
something new I can't do anything
something stabbed you in the chest I
well I had I had a thing hooked up to me
for a second there
yeah they didn't suddenly remove
gameplay or it was that moment in
Phoenix right when there was a we were
looking for the solution to the puzzle
right and it didn't happen
they didn't let us solve it because they
wanted to do a story thing right okay
now I can breathe underwater
okay okay right they took away they took
away a gameplay element that we were
used to this didn't do that that was
basically a cutscene so we're okay with
that
if Phoenix Wright would have handled
that in a cutscene it would have been
fine but happened like during the trial
it have been reactively trying to solve
it enjoying the puzzle exactly and then
the game solved the puzzle for us
because they wanted to interject story
right again not shitting on the on the
whole of Phoenix right because we had a
lot of fun in there but just that one
for town okay I guess I didn't need to
go left I'm hard programmed to go right
look at these look at these classy ass
VHS is done here they're bigger than he
is I gotta work on their scale maybe
they're not PHS
are you doing go up I guess we go up
I also kind of love it that the fish are
following me that makes me feel very
happy that the fish are following me and
that there are like floating dead people
in the background I want to know why we
got injected well they don't breathe
underwater thing that's all I want to
know why can we breathe underwater
that's a fair question rich I think that
is a fair fair oh here we go here's
something I'll be much happier with this
game if there's a good explanation for
everything that's asking a lot right
yeah it's got a lot that is asking a lot
if it's just the creepy yes without any
good an explanation I'll be a little bit
let down I won't say it's bad but then
I'll be let down sure sure
even even a vague explanation would be
nice something you know this game
doesn't appear to be to really be into
answering questions as Oh bother and I'm
afraid you're right why bring it up now
hey good fear a good explanation for
everything like lost hat
it says no fear no envy everybody hate
to the last evening I called loss when
everyone was gushing about it after like
three episodes I just intuitively they
don't know what that first season is
pretty good I'll tell you what at first
that first episode is some of the
greatest television ever the pilot
episode of lost is some of the greatest
television ever the first issue of why
the last man's one of the issues
every my guess yeah I mean it's kind of
obvious I guess for the premise but just
all the men just die everyone except for
you're good you spit up blood and die
and what's going on and what's what's
the mystery Thomas then you finally get
some vague explanation it's just kind of
like that's what's gonna happen here
what's going on but there's not really
satisfying well it but it's like they
can't go completely the other day and
where it's like all of a sudden like a
spreadsheet comes up with this is
exactly what happened on 20 it isn't
fine with that
you can't you can't do that better than
what we got why oh and why yeah oh and I
don't I didn't read why button you know
you need to explain some of the things
it's especially like the things you made
a big deal about Oh Cisco Brisco says
why the last man more like why the last
issue but um Chum Pam roasted now we're
back to the spotlight game by the way
all right now lunge dunkey says I'm just
saying there's the tip here uh-huh
this is great if you do Pokemon go next
stream you'll have your first time
playing inside followed by your first
time playing outside keep up the good
work that's clever nothing this game's
called inside I really did not get that
I really truly did not get that I
appreciated it and got it for what it's
worth
mostly because I had forgotten that this
game is called inside I will be quite
honest with you I miss em see Lucas here
to M see Lucas says thanks for the
Friday stream fYI if you ever happened
to go back to SNS I recommend the hunter
class you can use guns to parry like in
blood-borne huh and the sword whip is
sort of a trick weapon super fun okay
yeah I you know what I really like to
salt and sanctuary we just got busy with
other stuff I still have it that's kind
of why I'd like I'd almost like a Vita
version is because then it would be a
I'm all done with steam world heist now
so I need a new I need a new bathroom
game tired and sad said what is the what
is what is the one of the most
disappointing movies you've seen that
had a great trailer that got you excited
also will you guys ever consider
watching the director's cut of Batman vs
Superman
I think it's Phantom Menace the teaser
trailer yeah the Phantom Menace was
awesome the actual Phantom Menace yeah
was not awesome sure sure yeah can you
think of anything a little more modern
or did that just kill all hope for you
forever for movies trailer that really
got me hyped in a movie that was bad I
wouldn't say the movie was bad
but I really was excited about guardians
of the galaxy from all the trailers and
really stopping on the movie well I did
not even come close to hating it it's
good but yeah let me down a bit in the
end hmm I really think the ending
sequence in that movie is just awful
it's just the worst
ah not the whole ending sequence just
the finale no pretty much the whole
ending sequence the spaceship baddies
yeah that's fun that's fun and the
Marauders got to help the common folk
okay it ended a week I don't want to I
don't want to invalidate your opinion
I'm just saying it didn't do much for me
oh no no and like I agree that like the
ending ending is one of the weakest
endings I can think of in recent memory
yes but it's like I said the spaceship
battle was fine like a lot of that was
fine but then like the true ending of
the movie was just think oh it's super
friendship happy hug time I hated the
whole plan to crash in the airship
everything that's such a star-lord plan
that makes total sense it needed to be
vaguely clever vaguely clever
yeah ah oh and then and then you add on
to that the power of love and no that's
yeah nope this yeah the water is on the
ceiling crazy things are happening I
fell into a pit I closed the pit
Anonymous's confession I sort of thought
you guys were exaggerating the
nonsensical nature of double downs plot
for someone comic effect sure sure
I watched it last weekend and never
again will I doubt you that's fair it's
incomprehensible
which is such a commotion would you
would you rather are just kind of an
idiot optimist but that would that
really be more entertaining should I
pretend to be an idiot because I don't
know people will like that more so is
that what I should take away from that
how our friendship solves all of your
problems
honestly that was super lame hmm that
was super lame oh I know if you want if
you want me to be non from uh Jeannie
because you're talking about Martha no
I'm assuming you're talking about Batman
vs Superman Martha the Martha moment
didn't bug me it's it should have been
set up better is my problem with it but
if you want to target Batman's hardest
ring mom is the way to do it you just
need to set that up better what my blood
lust has been quench you plant the seeds
of doubt nope
you need another the other slope sorry
trial and error rich trial and error
right there right there I'm getting out
of here
rack it away dad is the way to do it
rather than mom I'll either way either
way I think gets to Batman no no I mean
you know come on what mom's always the
way to go to target the heartstrings
mommy he said you want me I can't close
this that seems weird
it's over here mommy I love you want me
skip to the loo my daddy made out of it
who did as far as what we owe from
tiredness ends last direction she wants
not about the Batman vs Superman we ever
consider watching the director's cut mmm
I don't really care - like I said I'd
I'd go realist on Wikipedia of what's
different out of curiosity I might watch
clips on YouTube but I really don't
think it will fix the movie mm-hmm
so no I'm not really not really into the
idea of just watching the whole movie
again just for some added bits and
pieces right unless you guys do a thing
for it there's no plans - yeah
ha oh my god
how do you know that game oh my god what
have I been doing this whole time I've
been right here you but you have a
mother it doesn't work because it's
murderers Batman to begin with right it
would have worked
like we said ages ago if Superman were
going to be the exception to his rule
because he thought Superman was too
dangerous right then the Martha thing
works where he realizes oh my god this
is this is a person right right but he's
like me but he's already so far off the
edge that it doesn't really matter it's
the same shit he's been doing it's no
different right he's murder man it's me
murder man hit a murder all I can good a
murder your friend and then I'm gonna
have a plan to
yeah what hi jack I'm Jack
not to sound prejudiced that's not
that's no good way to start a prejudiced
sentence but Star Trek and comic books
dump strike me as the go-to
entertainment for people on farms he's
racist against a farm yeah well like you
jack
filthy farm when did next gen come on
you know because I'm not a fan of the
the the late eighties bran through mid
90s next gen yeah it was late 80s yes we
shocked I realized that maybe I didn't
start watching next-gen until a couple
seasons in then same here after we went
off the farm and you know comic books
who doesn't like comic books you know we
when I was really young like we didn't
have a comic shop near us so I never
read the superhero comics they were
mostly like like Archie comics you know
like you get you get some comic books at
the dollar store or whatever I suppose
you've already answered it but the rest
of his question is did you discover
those while on the farm or later in life
when you left ah
uh yeah like that my timing is way off
here like gonna get the bottom one so
you're gonna jump no wait wait wait you
got no no you gotta ignite the top one
then it might get up jump off you can
like the bottom one then climb back up
at ignite top one bottom one lifts up
and then while it's up the second one
lifts up you can't have you denied this
one first you up no you lift them yeah
you lift at the top one so it goes up
and then don't be on it when it's going
up you start the second one in five
ignite it and get off
don't get on big nice Botwin
climb ignite I can't believe that worked
also why can't you believe that worked
that was that was brilliant also this is
the creepiest shit in the world yeah I
kind of love this visual of the
upside-down bodies in the water that
floats and things are making even less
sense now so we're never gonna figure
out what's going on nope just start
preparing yourself mentally right yeah
yeah there's a bright shiny thing that I
should go to no I didn't start like
reading like reading reading comic books
probably until mid high school when who
turned out to be my wife Lisa started
taking me to the comic book store Lisa
really got me into comics way more than
I was on the farm but I had always liked
comics you know so a girl got you into
comics I know yeah oh god no and she was
like the people at the comic book store
when she would first take me there and I
just like oh you know what do you think
I like the x-men maybe check out an
x-men they would just be like who the
fuck are you like they would treat me
like a dickhead because I wanted to read
comics with my girlfriend and they would
treat me like a piece of shit you know
why why you know why cuz you you you you
you grabbed a woman who was way out of
your league
absolutely way out of your league Lisa
I'm Way out of my well I had him
whenever I had hair in high school
everyone at that comic book store wanted
to be her boyfriend probably an
attractive woman who likes comics and
then is you you this guy who doesn't
even read comics this guy doesn't even
read comics
it's really true that's probably it now
they were really mean to me the first
comic book store she took me to they
were so mean to me that actually she
stopped going to that comic book store
yeah really
yeah no and then we found a different
comic book story and they were really
nice and welcoming they never had that
hope before exactly that's probably it
rich you're probably right
and then they showed me some some good
comics no potato know what that means is
I'm not nerd enough right Jack you
what's wrong with the world apparently I
had oh I had glorious hair and he was
exactly like the card in Star Trek
insurrection every photo me know all I
had great hair I had great hair at one
point and as soon as it started thin and
I locked that shit down married Lisa as
fast as I could because I knew it was
going I knew it was going I look men men
in cages hi a titty ho men in cages how
you did hee ho what's your cynicism is
proven correct again always when is
Richard cynicism not correct
look citizen was typically the way to go
sy I swear by it rich is right way more
Jack was fab I know never Fabio but I
definitely like I had some I had a nice
hair and nice hair
dude I'm hiding I'm hiding behind my
crate that's why I needed this crate oh
look there's another little boy with a
scary man there was whether it was a boy
little boy with a scary man before or
during this is the same one or maybe
they have a lot of just scary little
boys with them that could be no loner no
I'm not implying that Lisa would not
love me but you know when is she fell in
love with me
I had glorious hair and I think that hug
and now she can go back to the memory of
that if she ever needs a reminder you
know cry AJ she happens to all of us
rich
oh look there's more than floating water
you guys need to show your senior class
pecs I already have we tweeted that out
once right my high school yearbook
picture
oh yeah rich I already showed his high
school picture I guess I never showed
mine but I guess I could find an old
photo tweet that out one of these times
I am the biggest hack up probably the
iOS and I do not doubt my own hackett
ood you look younger than you did with
her that's only because you've only seen
me with balding hair yeah obviously not
real hair not real how not hair like
this that grates gonna fall good I think
I wanted it to fall because the the
water needs to be above the door you
need to find a way to climb up keep the
door open you need to find a way to get
on the other side yeah can you climb the
ladder I'm assuming you can't jump into
the water and swim over to the door
right because the door only opens when
the water is above the door yeah so you
got to be on the other side oh you know
what I need what well can't you just
jump up now and swim up wait now look
what we need to do
yeah but the doors closed oh that's you
doing the switch oh sorry sorry yes that
yeah that's what you do notice that so
this crate move the crate over to them
all roots of a tall platform and then I
can jump on the crate and jump into the
water sorry I thought I don't know
you're doing the switch I thought the
water was naturally bobbing gotcha
I'm with you I'm with you now what's the
engine once you guys see me with my high
school hair you're just gonna be like
what the fuck
it'd blow my mind
I haven't never seen this I've never
seen you with real hair have you never
still no I don't think so oh man rich I
suppose not I suppose you've never ever
seen me with real hair rich your hair
looks great thank you for a wine
I appreciate it but I see right through
it
apparently we're solving these fast
which is good that's good
we smart we smart and and I would like
to it would be it would be nice for me
to get this through in one stream just
because I don't want anymore that
undertale shit need to finish the game
oh I can I can hold my breath underwater
now
don't go too far down I know I hope I
see it look at that is that is fantastic
rich yeah that is fantastic visuals I
don't even like this these visuals are
so amazing I don't even know if I would
care about the gameplay I'll be honest
with you
the gameplay is okay it's not
groundbreaking you just puzzle-solving
but how much was the game 20 bucks 15
yeah that would have been really nice 15
would have been really nice even at 20
though the puzzles are fun and this
world is amazing this is brilliant I am
just down with these visuals I do need
to be more careful here because there
aren't people here we can't just go back
to the last checkpoint yesterday oh
that's really true
right now
yeah I don't know if it's worth 20 if it
was 15 I'd be a little more I'd be a
little more solid but even at 20 I like
the puzzles and the world is so much fun
this is the kind of creepy shit world
that that you can only do in a in a
video game which what happened to X come
it's still there XCOM still exists that
is true if played hundreds of hours of X
come uh-huh okay I got rich look oh oh
oh oh creepy oh don't kill me
are you slaves oh I have magic slave
power now all right all right
oh these are all the geriatrics - their
hairs all white is that one missing a
head yeah I think that one's missing a
head ah this is fun this is fun that one
is missing I think its head is on its
arm that could be a glitch that could be
a game glitch okay come here and throw
me onto this button I know um they just
finished with the dlc - XCOM - oh yeah
um I was waiting to play to get to the
DLCs out it's all out now I'll get to it
sooner or later I'm not in a rush I'm
still I'm still loving me some doom come
on get me up there
get me if the water girl gave you a
mind-control hat
apparently all right I need more people
oh I know what to do I know do you I'm a
dummy bring the water back down and then
have them throw me when I'm up here and
then I can swim in the water yeah and
then fall down on the button I don't
think she gave me you're all over a jack
you're all I'm so over it oh look at
look at D see that arm we're going by
itself it's just an arm moving all right
come here guys
toss me up super creepy super creepy
brilliantly creepy this is my kind of
creep show right here I love the fact
that there's just water above us look at
that body yeah watch out for the body is
$15 for a game worth about three hours
of puzzle solving and at least one
nightmare I I think even even at 20 I'm
really doing it's really up to you and
what you are willing to pay and what
your finances are like guys just by the
way so here if you're struggling to make
ends meet then no right it's not worth
it of course not but also like here's
here's what I want to stretch here's
what I want to stress I want everyone to
pay attention to this visual okay creepy
slave clone people are about to throw me
up into standing water
now what watch how beautiful this visual
is that's beautiful is it $20 here's
here's something I'm gonna get here's
something I'm going to use to punctuate
the moment that right there was gameplay
that was me solving a puzzle and they
turned to buta they turned puzzle
solving into a beautiful cinematic
experience gameplay visuals world
stories all together
is it worth 20 bucks I don't know
puzzles all seem pretty neat mm-hmm
puzzles are fun but that was a beautiful
shot perfectly incorporated into game
play is it a game jack yeah yeah there
are puzzles I suppose I need to figure
out how to press this button and I
believe I figured it out this is not a
walking simulator right ah so fucking
beautiful
hey guys come and join my slave army
boop de doop doo doo hello skip to the
Lou my darling skip skip skip to the
Lewis get to the loo my darling oh all
my slaves might die okay throw me it's
the simple things in life really isn't
it I need another beer I'll wait to read
this to your back I'm gonna stretch how
do you do the thing with the thing
Hey hey guys I'm gonna check out my
Pokemon real quick Pokemon
oh my god there's a Paris outside there
is a Paris outside right now I might
have to go I might have to go see if I
can catch that Paris
yeah
I caught him oh yeah sorry look look I
got the ferrous I got the parents who
like wick I quickly checked I couldn't
find Jack oh good I went to the restroom
Jack Jack board where'd you go Jack it's
like yeah look it's the real world and
and the the pokemon have like these feet
print underneath it right all these have
three and then as you get closer to some
you go to footprint that one footprint
and I saw hi so I saw the Paris was
there and I don't have a Paris yet and
so I just like all walk outside see if I
get any closer and as soon as I got
outside it went down to two feet I was
like oh I'm getting closer so I just I
had to walk down the street a little and
a cop passed me and I'm sure he knew
exactly what I was doing I'm sure
they've been briefed on the Pokemon go
situation but I caught a Paris I did I
I'll I ran outside and of the street to
go get you real Pokemon are you going to
get more
so that's that's Jack Jack is a a grown
man an adult in fact he has he has
children he has children of his own and
and and Jack this is the one who's going
out into the world pretending he's
catching pokémon that's the thing would
you forget your other Pokemon yeah
that's what's going on
I guess we're playing two games tonight
somebody will be run over by a car while
using this app yes yes it's going to
happen that's like that's like the
brilliance of the of the game is just
like it's it's exactly the real-world
Pokemon experience anyone who's ever
liked the Pokemon games has always
wanted and you know I know we were
taking a break out why I need you to
stretch my legs anyway feel free quick
walk see if I can go quick but I was
only going about five minutes you know
it's couple minutes I'm a bit of a
junkie but I like Pokemon I've always
liked pokemon games i collecting them i
like the monsters and I died I mean I
might be obsessed and maybe that's true
I know somebody founded it body that's
different than than somebody actually
dying while playing Pokemon go yes I
deal with the dead body they found like
what was the cause of death well I don't
know you don't find bodies just lying
around usually there's a fresh one with
like a skeleton
could've been a fresh one or or you know
I mean there's a million on missing
people or unsolved person cuz I'm gonna
have to look this story up when I get
home because I haven't even heard of
Pokemon go until you came in talking
about all the pokemon you've been
finding what what I got a Paris what
does this man talking about kind of
Paris what what is your favorite Pokemon
that you've caught playing Pokemon don't
I just I just hatched one of their there
are three types of eggs that you can get
one is a common egg one is a rare egg
and one is an ultra rare egg and I just
hatched a rare egg and it was a what
kinda died getting obviously ZnO you
find fucking eggs to a poly wha a
poliwag which is really nice right now I
have a shit ton of drowsies which you
know but I do oh I have a
a do i I thought I did doesn't matter I
know there's a server everyone's finding
the same pokey men it's not like you're
a brand ibly placing them around the
Google map I I believe word on the
streets is that everyone can find the
same Pokemon in about the same area but
they do move around but like if you and
I both had the app we could probably
find the same Pokemon in the same area
if we were at the same time yeah okay
now we're back so we can turn that off
and the Game Capture back up right tired
and said yes time heads head I recently
went to a comic book store and mentioned
that Snider's take on Superman came off
selfish the staff just rolled their eyes
and said the classic Superman was too
old-fashioned for today oh you shut the
fuck up that's the second thing to run
down that way where is it the same thing
no I thought I said two things run that
way to have to wait for some oh yeah I
see look there's another one running
that way Oh more of them that's
interesting do I need to wait for a
cutscene no what do you do with these
pokemons what's your filming Oh like I
definitely don't want to go that way
that's where all my clones died think my
clones got me over here yeah so I feel
like I want to be over here you you you
build them up you evolve them you make
them stronger
and eventually I'll get into gym battles
in which there are gyms also you know
located around the map designated
designated gyms the same gym for
everyone everyone has the same gym and
then you want to battle and be at the
top of the gym you want your team to be
on the top of the gym so you want to
keep training your Pokemon so your team
is on top people have to agree to be
pokemon gym or the z app just pick a
place that just picks the place Pokemon
you know and they can't do anything
about it pretty much pretty much
I can't bunch of kids and and apparently
a few grown-ass men playing with your
pokemons loitering
that'd be business I'd be great for
McDonald's Oh like they probably sells
some more food I feel like I guess I
have to go down here but I don't think I
should but I'm going to yep all my
slaves are down here Jim battles with
that what was that what Travolta was
doing was that a reference to the
picture like 2 a.m. with a gym and a gym
with him I don't know any weight I want
a part of the game if you're gonna say
that the individual a part of the game
is not a game than nothing what this
somebody what something somebody was
talking about in the chat with somebody
else
no what sorry first part that was so
yeah let us in on it in any case so I
believe that's the end game
for for Pokemon right now is you know
you build up your gym and then you build
up your Pokemon to fight in your team's
gyms and then you have to you know it's
it's just a constant like can you come
over here yeah okay then it's just a
constant stream of like trying to be the
very best it's not regular mobile phones
oh yeah I mean it's on Android and
iPhones and Nintendo allowed this this
is their first big thing this is the
first big mobile phone thing this is a
huge deal
oh this is weird
yeah and it's free it's a free app there
there are there are things you can buy
in the game if you don't feel like
walking it's kind of thing I figured
they'd sooner die rather than lose
something that wasn't on a Nintendo
hardware no this is their first foray
into you know mobile gaming or their
first big one and it's so far besides
the fact that their servers suck and a
lot of people are having a bad
experience it's going gangbusters well
this is so weird they'd make a killing
on the 3ds no cuz no one has the 3ds
well I guess people have a 3ds but
they're going for everyone and this this
is a big deal for Nintendo they are they
are expanding their user base this is
the thing for like people who don't own
a 3ds but still love Pokemon this will
get them back into that Pokemon itch and
then you know this fall when the new
Pokemon game comes out oh maybe I need
do need a 3ds right sure oh by slaves
Nintendo announced a while ago they're
going into mobile games oh yeah this is
their thing for long time first
aggregate so this is a big deal for for
Nintendo and it's great it's a great
experience so far which if you are Jack
ever read Sandman's the symbol of lies I
think it's just about the best thing to
ever come out of vertigo I've read
Sandman mystery theatre I love it I love
this a man I've never read just Neil
Gaiman have no game Neil Gaiman's
Sandman yeah oh look a new creepy thing
oh oh are you trying to chase me no now
you're just running away - oh well
that's interesting what are we looking
at what can I see these just regular
people no apparently and they don't seem
to be trying to get me what are we
looking at what the hell is going on
that's a little bit this morning but it
is just random maybe already a stuff
it's not like this thing that's actually
going on they thought about I think this
is just whatever is weird
we'll do it if it gets them all and get
higher yeah you'll see in the window but
err no no I can't get over those other
grades well it's art I know I know I'd
love for there to be some sort of
purpose that would be that would be just
super swell if this is a gunshot fade to
black we're gonna be pretty upset yeah
can we give me something I like the
artist to have a clear idea of the
message they're trying to tell give me
something that means something right
it's not like you bring your own
interpretation it's like here's
something I was trying to convey to you
you know like art see everyone's looking
at something over here I'd love to see
what they're all looking at but I'm
gonna guess rich that we're not gonna be
able to see what everyone's looking at
that's my that's my arty-farty guess
Jack Pokemon go that's what I'm trying
yes yeah what we just we were just
talking about Pokemon go it's great
super fun I'm a little obsessed the
other thing I needed to grab was a
charger for my phone because I've I'm
you know I need any juice for the ride
back home so I can catch more pokies
months you just showed up you missed all
of the Pokemon go jam we've done it's
done what so Jack wants to talk about it
again but you missed a lot of it a
customer says I want spoon-feeding
no I just want there to be an actual
thing to be fed and not bullshit we're
making it up this is weird
yeah no they're like I said there's a
difference between an artist bringing
lie between an artist saying like
everyone can interpret their own meaning
and an artist saying I want someone to
feel sad I'm trying to make you or you
know like I'm trying to convey a
Father's love to their child that's the
message I'm trying to bring through it
if you don't get that that's fine but
it's like a lot of times already far T
is them just going bring up your own
meaning bullshit that's what bullshit
that's absolute bullshit
turn senses hey rich what are your
thoughts on the 90s era Dark Horse
Comics like the first series of Batman
vs. predator cuz actually pretty good
I remember the first Batman vs predator
and I remember liking it
I recently reread it yeah yeah alright
alright is what I have to say about
Batman vs predator
yep
I'm just causing shit now
you're just that kind of jerk apparently
I'm just a huge jerk it's cousin all
sorts of shit
I'd love to get that handle I'd love to
get that handle no all right it's all
fine fuck it now just go up then nope oh
yeah I think I need to get that handle
it's another big red handle
come on can I super swim no no I cannot
I can't go up that's weird that I can't
go up right
Oh seriously I don't think that $20
should be the maximum amount of money to
charge for an indie game depends upon
how good the game is it's it's all
relative what did they charge for the
witness fuck man it's it's not the
maximum amount they charge whatever the
fuck they feel like charging something
how many indie games would you say are
worth 20 bucks of how much more there
any that are worth 40
oh I'm sure like FTL FTL is worth a good
chunk I've purchased FTL twice so I have
tails worth a good chunk how much
shouldn't lengths be a factor mmm but
who ever would you ever pay $40 for like
a copy of one of the original Mario
games like Mario World even it oh now
I'm naked and in here rich holy fuck
the binding of issac hey guess what
fuckos you can't do shit I'm gonna
unplug your shit
finding Weiser beautiful I died easily
pay more for that but of course I know
in hindsight I don't know if I want to
touch the minke let's go see what's over
here that is fucked up that is fucked up
rich there was a huge argument about no
man's sky being a $60 game I don't know
if the game is worth that or not but I
think it's unreasonable for a game with
that kind of scope to have a highest
price point but I don't think it's
available yeah if they pull it off I
won't mind paying more for it here's one
of the smartest things anyone has at
home oh I'm in the cube now rich I'm in
here now when the smartest thing anyone
has ever said to me is something is only
worth how much someone else is willing
to pay for it that is ah I don't know
how I feel about this poorly poorly
about it what's the purpose of all this
I mean do I love this or do I love this
can you join me oh oh I wanted to suck
em in but they can they can still like
lift me up and stuff rich this is fucked
man this is so fucked I don't even know
if I care anymore if we get an ending I
wonder if I just get to backtrack
through the whole game now what do you
think backtrack through the whole game
as a blob monster
yeah that's the other way
okay that's a way out wait oh you're
just getting a running start
no I I'm sure I can climb up that I just
want to see if I can go this way now too
you know okay
I just want to destroy everything I can
I can't I go this way too
I get to choose right now oh sure
I don't know what right this just took a
serious turn for greatest game of the
year but what game should have been no
no because then it wouldn't have this
nope well I gotta get on the other side
of it
no they tricky rich they tricky into
thinking it's just an auto just an indie
you know nope
come on blob monster actually this is
kind of hard to control because they
trick into think it's just a cutesy
indie platformer and then you actually
turned into a blob monster this is
amazing
haha yes feed me be like calamari were
you just sucking people in is what this
should be like right just gonna sit on
these people for a minute
don't mind me there we go
you are mine now I marked you
come on get there hey come on suck him
up suck him up
yes
this rammed through the door oh I see oh
I noticed that all the dogs
hey you can't do nothing to me
oh maybe my pieces went back hold on
hold on
dogs get out any of dogs today would be
in heaven right now Jack that's what he
gets for not being here yeah he knows
what the deal is have a piece of wood
who's that and nobody but are not
getting our way
Oh a missing limbs that are now riding
around in the ground oh yeah oh wait we
needed a way for him to I was he to open
the door I guess I gotta here ya go back
over here I'll come over here
yep thank you come here oh yeah it's
fine I'll go through yeah fine I'm
really glad we made it to this part
uptown yeah
Oh almost jack almost that field goal I
don't know if I can make this one
okay you have to go over here no nope
the sad part is you can't tell anybody
about this no no you can't you can't be
like you know yeah once after you get a
little bit through the game you turn
into a horrible monster
that well I guess you're on fire now
they want you to go away probably we're
not no no I know I'm eating it okay
we're gonna need to bring the flaming
crate with us oh you fucked you figured
out the puzzle before it was a puzzle oh
wow that's funny
okay I was just doing that because it
seemed like the thing to do but
apparently it really it really is okay I
need some speed
well you know rich I got mad skills I
got mad skills hey friend can you jump
back up it no I think it well once you
lose a limb it's gone probably into this
thing with the fire symbol on it doo doo
doo doo doo you see all the horrified
people in the background yes of course I
kind of love it
this is this kind of a way to turn the
genre I'm right on its head
what are these people doing no idea
I have no idea you have to fight
Godzilla then right like I feel like
this guy is helping me right which guy
this guy who just hooked me
I just want you to get away from them I
can't its proudly true
nope nope I'm gonna text Jay you are so
sorry
the amount of body horror is right up
your alley
so you look like they're telling me
stuff like this guy in the yellow hat
see look here's what's weird this guy in
the yellow hat is telling me where to
shoot this thing that's weird right
all right I need a good image
no sleeping it yeah I can zoom in or get
closer yeah let me lift up a box that's
more dramatic
I'll get into the light before yeah oh
that looks great that looks great
I have a problem
oh wait
there we go teamwork see look he's
helping me
oh fuck there's a timer
look at this I have to work with the
human and he lights it up for me this is
so fucked up
this is so fucked up he only had to
start it for me twice oh look at this
rich this is a commentary on something
we are not it now looks like we are in
an auditorium filled with people and
they are dangling one of these things
above me look at all the people in here
yeah this is I don't know how well you
guys can see this I'm stream obviously
they want me in this circle that was
obvious so it's a fuck man
I can still move can't go up
it's a tub a vagina vagina that is
incredibly a vagina well I think you
know what to do
oh hold on you got to work the Clinton
that's important
oh my god I hope that's not a thing
that's happening that's important rich
that is a vagina that is just a vagina
look at that
yes I don't know what that is supposed
to be but that is incredibly just a
vagina
hello fishies it's me blob Yulan I can I
go back there and kill everyone I just
like shoved me down a pit because that's
what I want to do I feel like I hear the
game director screaming get it get it
exactly yeah right now that's a lot of
what I'm hearing - are they saying
anything it is meaningless at least it's
a gloriously funny and fucked up
meaningless this could be just a giant
joke because they they did so they did
so well with limbo yeah the studio like
Xbox Microsoft might have put a ton of
pressure on them to make a limbo clone
right make a sequel make a single to
limbo like you know maybe that's what
everyone loves limbo right and so this
could just be like a cosmic joke on
their end to be like okay we'll make a
limbo this is how it ends
huh fuck
I just don't know rich it just could be
them being like fine you want a limbo
clone fuck you here's your limbo clone
oh wait wait no no here's the art here's
the art I can't do anything okay the
little boy is gonna pop up I'm not
touching it what's gonna happen rich you
can't do anything right now I can't do
anything right now
the camera is slowly pulling back we're
on a beach the sun is shining on us the
little boys gonna come back out that's
pretty arty still can't do anything
fuck fuck you game that's bullshit at
least there was some glorious insanity
that was some glorious insanity but that
ending was bullshit bring your own
interpretation the man becomes the
monster the monster becomes the man you
know
boo arts here's what I'm gonna take from
rich the actual question is is that art
parody though I my the what I'm gonna
take from this is this is them saying
fuck you to Microsoft for making them
make a limbo clone okay how about that
let's just all say that that's what this
means yeah I'm gonna we're gonna see if
there's a post credit thing
when when our ends I should know what I
was supposed to get out of it
yes that meant this you know that would
be nice don't you think that would be
nice
small self-discovery years it was about
the the Industrial Age industrialization
of Western society it was about the boy
growing up this is some weird just
happened that's fun weird maybe maybe
it's about adolescence it works it works
as a joke that's what we're gonna call
it me what if it what if it's an analogy
for adolescence and feeling strange in
your own body
how about that as a but as a boy you're
comfortable but then the credits are
over and you do anything now I pressed
it I pressed a monster
so no post-credits sequence right yep
we're back at the beginning we have back
at the beginning boo
this needs a prereq have a soda no no
it's just the same shit we'd be saying
about like the witness or any bullsh is
art puzzles were fine the length was
fine 20 bucks a head now definitely like
let's talk 10:15 and we got yourself an
indie hit secret ending there's a secret
n do who the fuck cares about that
look at the woods see he was just
birthed from mother nature and now he's
finding his foothold as a child but then
when it becomes a teenager he's a he
feels weird in his body right that's the
analogy and this is way more likeable in
the witness yes oh god yeah oh god yeah
this was this is way more likeable than
witness oh no it's fucked up it's fun
and fucked up I'm just not I'm not sure
if they're actually trying to say
anything or not and the blob ship was
funny enough I don't think it matters oh
yeah that was a loser yes just smashing
around and you know what there were
still some puzzles to be solved as the
blob yeah yeah smashing windows as fun
but you know I would have liked a point
I like a point you know that's just me
other people other people in their art
they like it vague that's fine but for
me I kind of like a point give me some
sort of meaning it's a dual
representation in different if you're
trying if it's different if you do that
kind of pointless there and bring your
own interpretation it's it's it's
different if you pretend you're serious
artisan yeah you're important yeah ever
just doing something fucked up for fun
audio atmosphere says but he got outside
so he won but look he started outside
look I won I got outside he started the
game outside in the woods but I think
the point is he got outside and was in
this oh sure but he again starts the
game outside man what the puzzles fun
the puzzles were fun was it fun it was
super fun mucking about as monster and
you know what the atmosphere and the
setting and the visuals top
not yeah yeah what region kind of okay
what we're picking we're nitpicking and
picking at some arty-farty bullshit but
overall solid recommendation solid
recommendation to in side we're mucking
about because of what makes art
enjoyable what makes art yeah yeah yeah
I guess I personally think that the blob
eats the boy and the boy ceases to exist
well the boy becomes a small part of
what is there I would say he's part of
that blob was he's been absorbed but
he's also part of 50 other people OC but
that by the way that doubles down on my
fuck you Microsoft metaphor yeah you can
you can only you can only finish your
project if you become one with the many
join in with Microsoft don't do your own
thing did you stretch it fucking porous
abstraction man well some I suppose you
don't from that would you recommend it
now at the price of 20 you've seen all
the good shit praise it's what it is so
kind of fun I haven't actually played it
but my gut is no here here's what I'll
say to you people who just watched that
no because you know all the fun stuff
yeah if a friend asks if they should
play it tell them yes
mr. gore says the boy is sperm he
impregnates the egg and then he is
birthed oh yeah sure so what yeah I
guess that kind of makes sense
well no but that doesn't make sense
because then he would have to fight
amongst other sperm you know like that's
the sperm analogies the one out of a
million gets there so I guess yeah
whatever thing is to all of you who were
here with us tonight and watched it all
you know all the fun stuff already and
the rest is just puzzles and they were
fairly easy puzzles but if a friend asks
you if they should play it say yes
because everyone deserves that
experience like what you guys
watching this with us you you had an
experience let's pull up you to see the
secret ending brightly the secret ending
there's actually secret ending or if
that's a witness joke but I've seen it
mentioned a number time in side secret
ending should we put this on the victory
no okay I don't wanna get flagged if you
follow along if you want to watch with
us which link are you clicking on we
googled inside secret ending I'm gonna
click click on the first link clicking
on the first link it says warning read
video pause hit pause at the beginning
you review a description first this
inside to go don't watch if you don't
want that spoiled big thanks is Ezz Zack
for figuring out the process the
sequence is up up up up right left left
left
well no this is a joke yeah right
IRA that sounds like a joke but if you
triggered all the orbs for X greater
than you'll find that I'm gonna do this
again I think this is a joke let's find
out go back to the beginning I'm will
say one more start ago okay so I'm gonna
start the video inside alternate secret
ending warning green video description
first now I'm calling shenanigans
I'm calling 100% shenanigans here rich
yeah well I won't find out he's going
through the corn again
oh no there is something here maybe not
shenanigans
maybe not shenanigans
in the cornfield you can go down into a
bunker and then there's like a special
code that you can use to get through a
door is what we're seeing
if he wakes up and there's a camera on
his head I'm gonna be so pissed I wanna
let you guys know this she's gonna be so
fucking pissed a fantastic joke yeah I
guess he's running through a cave he's
running through a cave those arias you
missed the blob stuff he's running
through a cave now you missed all the
stuff we're done we're done
we're watching we're watching inside
alternate secret ending morning read
video description first YouTube via
to see the alternate ending
that's even more bullshit yeah that's
even more bullshit that's just dumb
that's just nothing I don't know how I
feel about this
thes arias the I old the Zayas I want an
R to be there and I'm so sorry every
time I see her name of the Zayas I see
an R there and I don't know why I do
that I'm so sorry he did what rich did
in superhot he unplugged the game and
regained control I guess but what does
it mean it says tiny turnip I guess you
know what here's what the real problem
is is this if this is a game that came
out before YouTube before Let's Plays
before twitch streaming this would have
been amazing this would have been an
amazing cartridge to give to your friend
and you just go hey play this and then
they come to school they come to school
the next day what the fuck was that
right yeah and then you all have a good
laugh about it yeah but now it's just so
easy to see all the fucked up stuff and
there's there's blogs and you know we
play it so anyone who watched us play it
there's no reason to play you guys know
what like the puzzles were not
spectacular yeah they were fun yeah they
were interesting and the world
definitely carried the puzzles through
but the real joy was that balls to the
wall creature that kind of look like
balls ending right why are there clone
zombie people exactly so you know the
this game this game is too late for its
own time this game was was born in the
wrong time period I don't give this all
the review said this game was legit well
it's not terrible no no no I'm not
saying it's bad
this game is legit but you you guys
already saw it and and here's the thing
I can't imagine ever replaying this
right I know all the solutions I know
all the weird shit that's going to
happen it was an interesting experience
you know no you know what
I'm gonna say was a good experience the
blob stuff was great that made it that
made the whole thing so I had a great
time playing it it was a good experience
but I will never touch it again I'm let
down because you had a interesting setup
to the scary world where people seem to
be chasing you and other people were
taken control of the only normal person
that's true that's true
hmm yeah the world is so awesome no
payoff that's true it's understand the
birth metaphor it's not enough for me to
say it's interesting and I don't know I
get it no I get it and I don't know what
how accurate that is but but yeah right
like what are they saying with the birth
metaphor like I've brought up birth
metaphors in Star Trek the motion
pictures but that's it's a rebirth it's
like the crew they're making new movies
again it's like a breathe it makes a
sense they're right right it doesn't
make sense here right what are you
trying to say yeah about rebirth it's
just like old days for Kirk oh that's
why it's a rebirth theme what's going on
sure sure
it's a theme that backs up everything
else that happened sure so if this theme
is rebirth or birth in general yeah yeah
but that has nothing to do with the rest
of the game you hear you know no it's
fine no one by the way fun we had some
fun I still recommend it but not to you
cuz you already saw the ending you guys
should not play this you saw all the
solutions to all the puzzles
you should recommend this to a friend
and then wait until they're done playing
it goes
and then you can have a really fun
conversation about it just because it
was a metaphor doesn't mean it has to be
telling you something specific says mr.
Clark
then it's just masturbation look at this
metaphor I made it's blue hmm
it's a metaphor for things no I I would
have loved a point I would have loved a
point right
I've got upset because I like the creepy
sub early on and I hate I kind of don't
like that went nowhere yeah yeah yeah no
I I I'm agreeing with you I'm just
saying it differently uh yeah the blue
savaged man dances but masturbation is
fun no it's fine masturbation is fun but
gets you nowhere mmm personally
personally I don't say my opinion should
be everybody's opinion no no no we just
tell you what we think but Washington
kid gets sucked into a blob monster and
then going on a rampage through a
factory and crushing Samantha death
mm-hmm and some dogs
no no that's fun but it's like like
there were there were so many things
there at the end like all the people
helping us to the next stage right and
then we get to that big auditorium and
all the people are there watching us and
obviously you know we fall specifically
into that one place then we break out
there was it was almost as if whoever
created this game didn't know what
message they wanted to tell and they
were throwing strong visuals into the
pot it's fine it's fine it's fine
everything's fine we had fun I did I did
have a lot of fun I feel like splitting
hairs all fucking night yeah what else
we're gonna do oh right pull come on go
oh shit yeah we're almost charged up for
77% charged up is that why you wanted to
stream the whole game so your phone
would have time my phone oh c'mon go on
the way home
I am so excited to play pokemons go home
my way home it's gonna take me another
hour to bike home because I'm gonna
catch him Pokemon so many Pokemon let's
take a moment rich this is the point of
our livestream where we take a moment
and thank all the people who subscribe
to us during the stream yeah I wanna I
wanted to say that for anyone who's
watching this on YouTube later because
many people still get very confused as
to why we just were shout random
usernames at the end and numbers the
creature wanted to be free that was the
point of the game but the creature
didn't gone by that point the way hey
and while at the beginning there was
kind of an overall tone of escape
because you were escaping capture an
issue I'm not sure whether or not they
actually wanted that to be funny I'm not
sure hahaha it was they were going for
humor yeah it works but I wasn't sure if
that's what they intended I could only
imagine they knew that was really funny
that was funny
leftover beef cake baked beef cake 20
fucking months in a row and he says 20
fucking months of madness oh yeah yeah
and octo Jay says just wanted to make
sure he showed up beefcake cuz octo Jay
for twenty four fucking months in her
own
Oh
smack has been laid down absolutely
bad Gaber Korean and they say I have
nothing witty to say that's that's fair
the real nut boy blah blah blah no
message here since the real nut boy
Shannon Froy de Jong kilo 2004
oh you think octo Jay showed up beefcake
John kilo comes in here at twenty six
fucking months in a row I just wanted to
show up octo J and everyone else that's
fucking right oh damn John keel own
Durkin and they say not like this
favorite customer thank you for
subscribing so low fifty six seven they
say six months feels like a milestone
but it really isn't thanks and thanks
for the stream you fucks and kick girl V
I believe that's heart Eve like it's a
heart it's a heart emote dish thing but
it you know what I think if it's facing
that way it's a but no that's hard
that's it looks like an ice cream cone
that fell over that's probably the
better way to do a heart
I think heart is the other way you can
you can't turn the three the other way
around
what would you use oh yeah I guess
you're right that's the heart yeah the
greater there the West man arrow and
then the three it's a hard heart I
always see that as a but it's a fuckin
heart I always see that as a but Jack is
wrong
Lord Belmont sixteen months in a row and
he confusingly says
sixteen months Longshanks one seventeen
months in a row
hmm says long shank seventeen months
more FTL crab crab
teen months in a row and he says he or
she liked the pixel guys in the
background but stop trying to make
overlay happen Jack it's not going to
happen
oh I'm getting used to it you know you
know another another point for overlay
what is with the overlay we're less
likely to be flagged for BOTS on YouTube
yeah so we're less likely to have
alright there's a work more more ad
revenue later on YouTube well let's have
a few more strips the overlay all
everyone absolutely on how we feel first
we're gonna we're gonna get you
acclimated to it and then you can make a
an unbiased decision because it's not a
new thing
frosty snooze 23 fucking months in a row
frosty snoozes hello humans my beats
Ezra subscribe for 22 fucking months in
a row accidentally baked poop father
mucker mm jerkwad live washed in
Technicolor 24 fucking monster oh damn
dream signed no fear no Envy 17 months
in a row and they say oh I did love the
oh-ho-ho George Lucas scabbing scarab
and nasty flat thanks guys
you're welcome happy birthday nasty
flawed welcome to the special Friday
stream King Lear King King he's working
better than you oh I get it
King Lear get all three fucking months
in a row and they say Oh
my god I just want to applaud you on
your pronunciation of good tunk tunk
tunk it was if I felt it the dude 1944
18 months in a row the dude says I love
you guys and we love you too the dude
and I am got thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it
it's truly really it's true we've really
do click on the button oh come on come
on all the way home so here like the
important thing about Pokemon that
everyone is similar you have to choose
your team you choose the team color and
the team that you want
