Episode 601
Furi Road (Part 2)
August 11, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FVzETBZo-Z0
___________________________________________

a dozen and just so I can hear the
actors
what is the story of this game f if I
know is the story of this game so they
put on a change if that's the app I
clued you in - you can set a daily
schedule for the stand up timer or even
have a girlfriend
yes leftover beefcake and that's what I
did do I did it for Sunday and Wednesday
nights so even if I forget to turn it on
it should automatically turn on press X
once during these great I think I did
that okay here we go
I don't I am in general a pretty a
pretty slow reader and so subtitles are
difficult for me but you know you do
want to hear how the original actor
portrays a character and so a lot of
times for foreign films I'll just watch
it twice
once so I understand the story and then
once to take in the actors performance
well you feel it it's like a dream the
breeze the piece feels like we could
take off and leave this place behind us
Jack do you ever make food in a big pot
for yourself but because you're lazy you
just eat it out of the pot instead of
plating it no usually I plate usually I
played all my food that's a normal thing
for me to put my food on a plate that's
what that's what putting your food on a
plate how do you feel about putting food
on a plate I feel very good about
putting food in a plate we usually put
it well they said they make it like a
big pot of food and then instead of but
then get lazy and just eat it right out
of the pot no no I was putting the bowl
or pot metal plate or something I will
oftentimes will get pizza and instead of
eating plates we'll just take the pizza
box and rip it in half yeah but it's on
something it's on something but it's
like I don't know where I'm going I
don't think I'm going I don't like it
how slow I'm moving during this this is
this is frustrating
light it up I got an achievement
apparently I did something I did
something what's down the center I tried
going hope oh now I'm moving without me
touching it okay
what is happening
now you're at this little walking pseudo
well but I'm not touching it in how long
I ain't know it's weird with oh oh
that's I must have press X because if
you press X you auto-lock you know what
okay then
honestly
can you explain why some names have
become unethical in twitch chat or am I
going and saying I don't know why at
Lloyd beats it's completely new
information to me yep
are you spelling the name wrong I can't
wait for the worst first walking
simulator game to actually have an auto
walk button when will that happen cuz
it's gonna happen right that's gotta
happen sooner or later if this game if
this game takes off it's gonna happen
sooner or does that take away from the
experience we know almost nothing about
twitch or how our x-axis beefcake
beefcake knows more about twitch than we
do no I get it you gotta have something
between boss fights but you know like
that we're walking upside down in
sideways and stuff this would be an
awesome minion area don't you think yeah
like yes I like walk upside down and
fight minions while you're coming to
this place that would be great that
would be
we're not gonna make you do this fight
upside down I think that would be
incredibly challenging
you'll try to play cool the on-rails
walking simulator technically check
fruit by the magician co-op is a running
simulator technically that's right
that's the point of all this I have no
idea rich this is what is the fucking
point of all of this you know what this
is doing filling time that is exactly
what's - yes and so that way we know
with all the boss battles and with all
the walking it can say it's a 20-hour
game and revive boss battles you know if
someone wanted they could be this game
really if they're pretty good they give
you two really fast okay okay well
stretch it out we'll stretch out the
content I hope the next step
agdq so that we can see the glitches
that used to get around this shit I
don't hate this game now I just think
that's a little bit annoying them one
aspect of it you can hate parts of a
game hating the whole you can like parts
of a game without hating the whole
either or without liking the whole like
you can like certain aspects of the game
and overall think it's a bad game just
like you can hate certain aspects of it
and still like it yeah okay what does
what do there yeah there's a speedrun
mode without Milwaukee bits you have to
beat the game on normal to unlock it
yeah that doesn't change our point that
it's a trick to giving a game of the
illusion of more length than it has
possibly I just don't get it what what
the appeal is of it my god
but I can remove you from a life here
and now capture you and bring you back
okay what does what you figured out it's
not pretty simple okay
hey is the dodge you can charge your
sword
oh right so I still learning the
controls okay yeah let's expect to lose
this time this is just learning the
controls hit hold down X that charges
you stored know you figured out how to
shoot right yep hold down the right
trigger like oh that's a gun there's a
little bit extra kick and then B is Peri
all right
which now if you got try it against the
orbs just pray like we can do this again
storm's well these are orbs I shot Oh
probably not those them and maybe I what
do I know what the fuck - I don't I've
already died once well
oh yeah no this is me just learning the
controls like like break out present
deceptive if you hit him with with your
gun they bounce back yeah but they're
getting smaller some of them I noticed
see oh my god it is breakout that's
funny yeah but then you're dodging
you're wrong that's fine get the help
what
all right so I don't think your ones
that bounce back do any damage so I
guess you just have to keep shooting and
deal with the number of ricochets those
do damage
this is like the scene in Tron we had to
shoot for this got a master control
program yes it is Weedle in my way in
whittlin my way and hey there we go
there we go finally got oh shit come on
come on man move your shit another
twenty five little too much yeah and and
the old man just said you're under the
illusion of control and it's like calm
weed I don't want to do another one I
don't want to do another game about the
illusion of control right the boss yeah
you are under the illusion of control I
fuck you every single goddamn game does
that
they have to have art games half of the
art blicket sorry I hurt it was terrible
because it didn't have a story oh I know
that about doing rich I mean I was gonna
tell you but I figured you knew that
already tight well thank you I guys have
to get the microphone as far away
because I didn't want to sneeze in all
your faces well I'd sneeze in their ears
like like sneeze would come out of their
speakers or to come out of the monitor
what is it coming out
well the is if you're sneezing into the
microphone I have to come out of the
speaker's the sound would come out of
the speaker's the the actual snot would
come out of them of the monitor nice
okay okay I meant I meant I did not want
to sneeze in their ears of course I'm
gonna die no I've accepted I'm going to
die before this fight started because I
didn't remember I didn't know how to use
the controls when that fight started so
now we can start giving a chance I still
I'm not a hundred percent confident in
what's going on but I'm willing to give
it a chance
oh I can I can shoot my own bullets so
I'm assuming the Chet almost unanimously
prefers sub I I think sub does generally
like if you a snob thing if you are a if
you are a well or even a helmet jerk
you're I'm just teasing though no I
believe if you are a film snob you
prefer subs and I do I mean snob
respectfully you know if you are a
connoisseur you prefer subs I don't see
many foreign films but I didn't see the
you ever see this clip on YouTube called
Bo Bob Terminator an indian terminator i
think oh yeah of course
i've seen the actual film at that anyway
just called robot robot yeah it's not
it's not dubbed but the actual actors do
speak English then sometimes they switch
back to Hindi Hindi yeah and they go
back and forth and at some point your
brain doesn't even notice I think
sometimes you're listening other times
you're reading sometimes interest at
some point I wasn't even aware of the
transition very interest yeah I went for
a help
you can even shoot your own bullets
which is very helpful
oh oh I got him oh shit thank you
they've kind of done that but somebody
suggested going around the circle in the
same direction of the rotation really it
really it's just about shooting your own
bullets down I believe
shoot or dodge through just kind of have
to bullet-hell those oh my god yeah I
don't think getting in close just gonna
go no probably not
sometimes that's how we learned learn
through failure rich damn you for
playing such a cool looking game I just
planned to briefly draw a friend that I
had spend the rest of my night watching
my stories oh sorry sorry we do
something cool for a change that's a
problem I can't win I can't find a one
Jack can't wait nope you don't you you
would know that already rich supposed to
shoot this George is always the wrong
temperature I shoot it - past the orbs I
bet you couldn't - pass things okay yeah
I can - passing through between them we
keep - like through the bullet I don't
know I mean
that's right I just wrong about Bing of
the - turbo I'm dashing I don't know if
I'm going through them or going in
between them but you know that I I seem
to get hit less if I - so I'm wrong
frequently you can - the revenant okay
okay
fuck
try again jack
I'm just dumb oh come on
that's his pattern who died and then he
goes through this routine back not just
back over now - back end over I'm trying
to I'm trying to find the timing
you're not finding a phone booth you
fighting me bilham ten time machine
after the grassman things who the fuck
knows right hey hey
Oh was that a good parry I don't I mean
I don't know it's it wasn't good enough
to stop him but it was good enough to
not get hit yeah he's mocking me
I'm sure him yeah I mean I wouldn't
doubt it
what what I don't know okay are you
starting at that that's the McDonald's
of anime they're talking about either
the Rudo or dragon balls in front of
Jesus Christ I don't even have to read
the conversation to figure that out and
I don't watch anime the name of the game
necropolis sounds familiar
I've probably seen something about it
somewhere but I don't remember what it
is now look into it later
it's all like it's all I can do for you
it's parent it's super fair super fair
rich I have this one crucial anime that
you have to see yep okay yep you have
your set up a proper postage on it need
proper postage and then throw it in the
dumpster uh-huh it'll get to me don't
worry about it
yep that's true that's absolutely true
it always gets to Richard and all animes
gets rich eventually don't specifically
dumpster animes yep
he has a deal with the local garbage
unit yeah Union and they know they know
that all dumpsters go to him they're
real okay I got to him and I still have
all my lives
nope
nope
you know MP says every anime I have seen
has such silly voices I can't take any
of these seriously you listen to them
that's title No probably well I know I
can't stand the voices on basically
every female in a subbed anime they all
sound like five year old girls and it's
just obnoxious
like every single female character
sounds like it's like a child like a
small child hey I got to this part okay
you know what we're dealing with one
part at a time
oh come on let you confirm for a lolly
hater probably probably because I'm not
a pedophile
oh what a lolly hater I think those are
the small girls that are prevalent in
anime oh Jesus Christ
there's an eighth law of course there's
a name for them yeah yeah yeah y'all
y'all perverts needs to settle down
every second
come on
I don't have this parry thing down yet
and we are at the peri section of the
level
and the game wants me to know how to
parry and I don't
so this phone bills just kicking your
ass it's not the phone booth the phone
booth I can get obviously like it you
know fuck I've ever it's this part
because it's because the Perry's I don't
know how to pair a Dodge well no here
here I need to pair it so and then that
happens you can't dodge I could but why
cuz I can Perry
well Perry's killing you so don't parry
dodge and then come back and for him
no I guess not letting me hit him see
he's shielding so I need to Perry wait
until after his combos you can get him
but now there you go okay I'm sure you
can pop me Perry - I mean there were
times when I could have P read the
bondage journal the bondage job Segway
the bondage cigarette and I said fuck it
I'm just gonna die here attacks in here
afterwards
yes I know anime is varied I am
generalizing that makes me a horrible
person horrible person or person and
you're wrong about anime it's an art
form rich it's art and you need to
respect it
aka I like a thing so you need to like
that I know you know how it works
wait why are we acting like this is news
I had this conversation before no you
know maybe someones knew or maybe they
just like poking at you they're playing
a little game called poke the bear
and I see let's see if we can get rich
all riled up because the anime
sri Jim says Irish I know you're not a
fan of anime but you mentioned you've
watched a few before which ones have you
seen so far and happened to like the
only one I wouldn't recommend you guys
is monster the anime based off of these
Charlize Theron movie I saw mermaid scar
I thought it was appropriately creepy I
had an interesting hilum hi watch Dragon
Ball Z when it was on more'n kind of
like a stupor animes stupid like I can't
believe this is a thing that exists I'm
just watching this thing and I'm like
nothing has happened in this episode
these two characters in literally for
the last 30 minutes
they've just been staring at each other
uh-huh that's a full episode oh my god
and then I think Cartoon Network we're
showing like Dragon Ball Z back-to-back
and then the next half-hour was those
same two characters just staring at each
other half an hour ha ha and I had I had
kind of like a morbid fascination with
it sure sure
I've seen a key rum I can appreciate the
the animation a lot but I don't like any
of the characters like any of them
she's gonna know I noticed that I
noticed that
nope nope I see what's happening I see
what's happening and I've seen bits and
pieces of other things here and there
but obviously nothing I've watched
religiously I've seen a little bit of
Gundam Wing
like I've seen like shit like Voltron
Ninja Scroll which at the time I kind of
remember liking it mostly because I
thought the last battle enough is really
clever and somewhat recently I want to
re-watch it and I couldn't stand it so
a crack English
I know I know you keep mentioning Cowboy
Bebop I've just never seen it
the zerk sounds potentially fun from
what I've heard mm-hmm never seen it
oh that's something I actually kind of
like I like I really like the first
three specifically the first three
episodes of Trigon until it starts
turning into a full of itself animate as
opposed to something that's
light-hearted but I really like the
first three episodes or so
I had not seen goes to the show correct
my ghost in the shell'
sounds good cousin shells good
yes the first three episodes of tri
gunner before knives was introduced
that's before it was revealed that he
was a light bulb alien up fuck
spoilers rich look I think trigun this
past the point of spoilers Trigon is
like a 20 year old at this point
somebody said here's somebody saying you
control when the waves come out of
villains heads machine jack you just
have you just take it slow I think maybe
every time you shoot him they do they do
shoot us just take us long and instead
of doing a normal bullet maybe you never
know I managed to charge one I know uh
yeah
yeah like part of it feels like I need
to do that part of it just feels like I
need to get good you know I'm still
working on like the refresh rate of the
- because it's not instantaneous we
can't just - - - - - and I want it to be
and I know it's not so part of that's
just me gotta get gotta get my head on
got to get my head on right
what just make it I'm making noises rich
I'm filling the dead air with noises
that's all I'm doing
dead air because all these exciting
visuals that are going there watching
you valiantly try to defeat the thing
kind of defeat the thing kind of defeat
the thing why do I have to defeat the
thing I don't know because it's a gaming
stream and the game is about defeating
two things oh no I know but in the game
why do you have to defeat the thing well
we have the people fair we've been
paying no attention to the cutscene
that's true that's true there's
certainly a very good reason
debating in my head I guess by saying
this it's been decided whether or not I
should talk in the chat about one of my
earliest experiences with Annabeth oh
Jesus
that sounds like a terrible idea but yes
you should do it I was in high school
90s mid mid 90s when this thing I mean
becoming big was first becoming a thing
really and it was a similar my school
what was on friendly terms with you he
wasn't in any of my classes because he
was one of the special-needs do but I'd
see him around and that was friendly
with him and just one day gives me a
video of the monster to watch this
that's really really really good video I
think I think you'll like this yeah sure
sure I take a home and I put it in and
it's like this is a horrible disgusting
ahead of time
Oh God then the next day I have this
horribly awkward experience of handing
the special-needs kid back his anime
porno and it's just the most awkward
thing ever
here you go and I didn't really like it
I guess
that would explain a lot yes it would it
probably would what was the title
typical question typical chat question
right there
nothing ultimately nothing but bags
Francis with that kid is that for the
anime thing like after high school I run
into this guy years later uh-huh
I'm at the bookstore with with Karen is
more her friends and he's there uh-huh
and I see him I say hey how you doing he
just says oh you're losing your hair too
and that was that was that was when I
first realized I was actually starting
to lose my hair I like hadn't noticed up
until then and it was just the worst
feeling in the world oh hey you're
losing your hair oh thanks
tells it like it is she was a special
kid he's real special huh
he was reassure some socially awkward he
was a special needs student
every second
oh who told you we all said we all said
we weren't gonna tell you she was
standing right next we all talked about
this right we all said we weren't going
to tell you
I'm gonna get this get this nope I'm not
gonna get oh sorry that was right in the
microphone that was right in the
microphone everyone that's fine
gonna need a water gonna need of
what-what-what's I stand up time we're
looking like it went off 12 minutes ago
and I didn't hear it
I'm gonna stand up I know I'm not really
in control I see that you're not really
in control it's true it's true I'm gonna
I'm gonna get some water I'll be right
back
oh god I already forgot new controls
uh-huh well I'll probably suck later on
I've got this part down just by watching
we're took over my getting good I'm okay
with that I'm getting sort of okay ish
uh ya know this first part I was able to
get through the shield part with all of
my lives and and help well you get all
your health back when you want to treat
the shield parts well it counts because
I got to the next stage with all I ever
I'm with everything I don't care how I
got there does it come out August 9th no
man's sky August 9th
yeah I can only imagine that that's a
big hype game whether we stream it
whether we do an episode on it I'm sure
we will play it that is a big that is a
game full of the hype of course of
course
well I they were just asking if we were
planning on picking it up and I think
that is fair to say that the answer is
yes
it's gonna get delayed again ik it could
good good let's see here
anonymous says the most awesome album by
Sir Patrick Stewart has just come out
it's real and you can buy it and what do
you think now is this him singing
country music I'm not gonna click on the
like I think that's a joke
yeah according to according to the the
creators it is done the game is done and
ready to go so we got to deal with a lot
of Sony stuff now but it's up to you
rich I think I I think I played all last
room I think I had the controller for
being tired
I had the controller for the entirety of
inside so you seem to have a good groove
with this game and I have a PS Plus
membership so I can always play it at
home
- the hair is dropping oh I thought the
discussion was about star citizen no no
no no man's sky is ready to go according
to the developers and that's very
exciting news for anyone who's seen it
at the past two e3s now we've seen it
like I think those you have to counter
one and then he moves to the next phase
just go yeah that's fine
inside is a for our simple puzzled
disappointment no no there was a lot of
decent puzzles in there I you know what
I in fact I went to our official prereq
steam page and recommended it I think
overall rich and I are in agreement that
the puzzles are a little simple and the
story airs on the side of RT it's it's
all subtext with no main text that's a
really good way to play that's a really
good way to put it yeah the story's a
little too arty and the puzzles are
slightly too simple but it's a beautiful
world and you know some some fun some
fun times to be had especially with the
ending so I still recommend like if you
didn't see the stream I recommend to
play or watch the stream because some
craziness happens there's some there's
some craziness inside enough craziness
for me to recommend it as an a gaming
experience
rich says anonymous just wondering if
you've stolen any more games from little
kids recently like Grand Theft Auto
little Jimmy's grandpa dental not my
fault little Jimmy forgot to take his
copy and grant that five out of his
PlayStation now my damn fault grandma
you care about it so much you find
little Jordyn grandma Christmas where's
my Grand Theft Auto but I can't play
because we sold the ps4 it's fine it's
all fine grandma we sold our second ps4
I thought so you know oh we're all they
have to now on your mind just to fuck
with me well that's great oh and by the
way someone was uh someone corrected me
someone was asking about good remakes
and I mentioned the fog as a good remake
and everyone was like what are you
talking about the fog is terrible I was
like no the fog is a really good movie
apparently the movie that I wanted to
say was the mist the movie with uh with
the Punisher what's his name Thomas Jane
whatever movie is with that right
whatever movie is with Thomas train I
think it's the the mist maybe I said the
fog and I meant the mist but I I
remember in that ice cream I was very
adamant was like no I remember seeing
that movie that was a really good movie
now in the chat it was you know way up
on my dick like hey that movie really
sucks and I was very confused because I
thought everyone was in agreement that
that movie was awesome and as it turns
out I was just naming a different blurry
weather movie you know I'm in the mist
not the fog I haven't seen the fog but
the mist is good
the mist is not good either well I've
seen them the mist with Thomas training
I think is good
I remember watching that and enjoying it
and now that I know I'm talking about
the correct one
let's go back
yeah yeah yeah yeah
any natural disaster films you guys tend
to enjoy twister volcano Dante's Peak
Armageddon deep impact all the above for
very different reasons actually now all
above for the same reason because
they're terrible but fun to watch 2012
well what about Armageddon is it you
never saw him again it is a big dumb
movement it's a it's a huge dumb movie
and it's great it's great ironically
it's a big big dumb movie
and everyone who's seen it agrees that
it's a big deal movie even the people
who were in it
yep he's tough he's tough
there's gotta be oh I think you had it
right at five yeah for how tough these
bosses are I would be either I'm just
thinking of me as a player now like when
would you just be fatigued no you're
fatigued it - oh no this is 3:00
this guy's not especially fun
I'm I'm gonna bet that the the devs at
5:00 in them
458 bosses is what they're saying longus
game yep yep
nope ah
beefcake leftover Eve cakes is Jax since
your legs will be hulk-like due to all
the walking and biking from playing
Pokemon go this tip is to start a fund
so you can buy some new pants
Thank You beefcake yeah oh I've been
feeling it biking is just something that
I've been wanting to do for a while no
not especially
like I mean we every once in a while the
whole family will bike but really for me
and like you know I come to the studio
often enough and I live just close far
enough away where biking is a good
option yeah
and I've always felt bad about not
Viking the old bike that I had though
was kind of big and heavy and I'm kind
of a pain to ride so I just got a new
bike and so I've been trying to bike
more on just for for healthy for heard
um healthy reasons and you know don't
spend gas money could have a you know an
extra beer while I'm here because I
don't need to worry about driving home
intoxicated so I have been just in
general trying to bike more as it so
happens biking and Pokemon go work great
together but that's not why I started
hiking biking drunk also potentially
dangerous that yeah I guess if you're
really drunk but it's I I don't get
smashed while stuck here so
and I got a folding bike the but the wah
have anything to say on biking from I
guess just fall under public
intoxication actually I would assume
that they would still bust you for a
drunk driving I mean really
oh I don't know no they can't you don't
need a license to drive a bike I think
you can get a DUI while on your bike I
think it counts as I think it counts as
driving driving while intoxicated chat
well you know
you can get a DUI on a tractor my guess
is not you know what it may be not DUI I
probably get in trouble there's probably
some sort of fine at it or something
they can give me but it's not like I get
super drunk and it really it's not about
that it's fun it's about the other stuff
no gas money not taking the car out not
and you know a little exercise and as it
so happens now
put a little Pokemon machine you down
there and hatch all my eggs
all the time yeah all the timing was off
but uh yeah all the walking I've gone on
more and I've always liked going for
walks you know but my kids have never
ever hey I'll just go for a walk around
the block I've always loved doing it
especially like after dinner you know
foods digest and get the blood moving
love that that's one uh one of my
favorite things they've never been down
with that but now they're down what's
going for just a walk around the block
to see what Pokemon are in the
neighborhood and that's the important
thing
hey is this game fair with it with its
difficulty yes I think it's I think it's
fair I think the question that rich is
struggling with is is it fun right now
no the first boss battle yeah and the
second one yes this one I think it seems
fair you know you got to get good you
have to memorize the patterns and the
timing but fair and fun are different
things
jack says Sarah Jen how do you manage to
stay awake and chipper for so long after
you've been drinking I'm trying my
darndest right now to stay unsleep eat
in just years of practice and well you
know I have me I had coffee today but
yeah you guys will often see me with a
late night coffee I did not have that I
am I'm just so used to not sleeping that
it's just kind of how I am right now
that was really close that was really
close get hyper at first and then very
sleepy you know all right I'll say it
all say it's bullshit what where this
restarts you it's bullshit
oh sure that is complete bullshit I need
all this again to get back to why I was
yeah you know it's just kind of a level
right
helmet says I just imagine drunk jack
being helped by his children through the
street at night daddy we should get home
no kids we're getting this stupid
Pikachu no I would never be that drunk
in front of my children there I like the
imagery though I like the imagery of
just like someone like one more but you
can get I saw the Pikachu's close he's
close we can get him dad it's it's it's
late gotta get that Pikachu
ace
the car good car
no honey was every fun
now you know sometimes it's really fun
like playing with my kids the Pokemon go
because you know mostly because like
they just act as walking machines for me
like if I'm trying to hatch an egg I
kids take my think okay get yourself a
get yourself a pokémon's sometimes
though I want to play well and I feel
like an utter I would feel like an utter
jerk telling my children that they can't
play the Pokemon game because daddy
wants to play daddy Melissa we all needs
to take turns but you know I would I
would feel bad and you know if I play a
little bit but that's that's the hardest
the hardest part is just being like oh
hey there's there's a Pokemon that we
that we don't know you know over here
maybe we could try checking out there
and then like a Weedle pops up and you
catch we Dalls like like they're like
their own analogy that i can't think of
right now and they'll just want to catch
a weed oh because they just like
catching pokémon they don't care about
like catching the new pokemon or
possibly a more powerful pokémon they
just want to catch any pokemon it's like
come son of a bitch there's a shadow
over there that we could get
ah is destroyer says did JC the boy blob
and if so what did he think of it and my
unum username is pronounced is destroyer
sorry
it stands for a star destroyer imperial
star destroyer I don't know I don't know
if JSON boy blob I've never even heard
of boy blob knowing J the answer is
either yes no or he hasn't yet but plans
on it or he doesn't plan on it okay let
me I'm gonna log on to movies J's Singh
Kham J flicks there's there's a couple
URLs that will take you to the same site
and then it's a nanny site full of
useful information of what movies J's
that's the worst is when you know the
pattern and you fuck it up come on Jim
Oh God oh right sorry the boy blob
sounded like a movie they meant his
Jason the boy blob that you texted him
while we were playing inside on Friday
oh yeah alright ha
what sorry everyone sorry for being
snide that very much sounded like did
Jay see this movie yeah we assumed it
was you know it was a logical assumption
on our part but there was still an
assumption you get some shion's no no
they're necessary double-checking every
single thing
huh
he goes to the center
I think if you - near those you like
scoop them up
you're backing this fight rich you're
back in this fight yes
nice where do we go back to
armillary I can't hopefully you're
asking that just for the chat our Miller
wants to know if the current wheel
episode is better than the last best of
the worst episode I'm incredibly not
qualified to answer that question
so hopefully you're asking that to the
chance of chat what did you think of the
latest we love the worst episode I mean
I know Canadians were in it but you know
we have to try to be nice to our
neighbors to the north
Oh someone is saying if you don't shoot
the pillar here you can get free health
by shooting the glowing the the brighter
yellow arms some of the orbs are like
bright yellow and those will give you
help right langa scum the pillar is not
invulnerable you have to defeat the
pillar in order to move forward in the
level so that's why you were shooting
the pillar is you have to defeat the
pillar first and then he gets off of the
pillar and then you can continue with
the waves don't show up if you don't
shoot ah that's first time I well second
time I saw that right right yeah you're
still learning I saw the red short order
so I don't know what you're talking
about fuck my cock Jay was there for the
entirety of the wheel in the worst
episode oh yeah that happens sometimes
these guys never clean their lenses I
mean he spills his alcohol everywhere so
it's only logical that some god of the
camera
Muppet that whole that whole lady with
the cow puppet thing I think that was
more bizarre than the the make a doll
that looks like your kid yeah if I
wouldn't if I had not seen the videos
there was no there's no way I would
believe she was actually making those
horrible faces you know but she there
are people who throw their boys that
don't make awful faces
the comedy magician is still active
really well there you go there you go
the videos like the cow lady are always
the most painful it for me to watch
because you know she made those out of
the goodness of her heart yeah but did
she make it out of the goodness of her
heart then why is she making and selling
a video if it's out of the goodness of
her heart that's my question God pays it
exactly so it's not just fun from the
goodness of her heart she's thinking
she'd get some cash for this unless she
was not charging for the video like if
she was just giving it away then you
guys are heartless monsters yeah it's
not heartless monsters business that's
just what is is
fuck come on rich I hate you so much
are there any new comedians I like no I
don't know I haven't seen too much
stand-up I did I recently started
watching broad city which is a Comedy
Central show and the two ladies who are
the two comedian ladies who are in that
are very very funny so if that counts as
favorite comedians the that show in
general I don't know the last time I
laughed so hard at a TV show
malee ranchers you are wrong broad city
is brilliantly brilliantly funny good
characters funny jokes I'm in it I'm in
it broad city is great i i watched the
pilot episode of lady dynamite maria
bamford new netflix show and did not
much care for it so
I'm just gonna be here grabbing all the
help you do need to catch broad city I
think it's incredibly funny it had me it
had me completely hooked after a couple
episodes I was a little worried you know
they have a little bit of like pot humor
and buy pot humor I mean they like smoke
pot and isn't it so funny that we're
smoking pot is the joke you know right
and I'm not a huge fan of that so but
then but it's not it's not a lot of that
and it's it's it's fun
however many you want right you want to
say one more you can say one more that's
fine this is it you can do it rich I
believe in you
you know all's moves pay attention to
those to those counters they seem to be
really important just watch him watch
him like a hawk
Sara Chen's a Sajak no no worries about
the questions uh what's your most
favorite and least favorite Miyazaki
slash Studio Ghibli film for me it's
Princess Mononoke and marine was there
and least is Nausicaa I actually haven't
seen all of them roppa I mean spirited
away is really up there for me just
because of all of the lovely and bizarre
visuals as far as most favorite also
punyo it's been actually been a while
since I've seen fun now but I remember I
wrote upon you know really fondly as far
as the least I remember Howl's Moving
Castle not being terribly into it but
even then when it's been on it's been a
while since I've seen I need to you know
what I need to catch up
I need to rewatch a bunch of ones that I
saw a long time ago like Princess
Mononoke I saw a long time ago Kiki's
Delivery Service I saw a long time ago
and I just don't remember if they're
good or not
yeah like howls it just nothing really
resonated with me but spirited away all
the visuals they're all of all the
ghosty guys yeah a dreamer chica I've
seen most of them with my kids they
haven't seen Princess Mononoke yet
because I know that one's a little a
little harsh but for them like for my
kids of course it's all about my
neighbor totoro that's the only thing
they care about they fucking they
fucking love that giant screaming cat
that's all that matters to them a pitch
here's my pitch for the rlm original
horror movie says epic Jason a lady who
uses the cow puppet gets possessed by
the spirit of a Mesopotamian deaf
goddess and becomes and to become at
least Cole a demonic clown who
terrorizes helpless children by feeding
their sadness by feeding on their
sadness and turning them into my twin
dolls I like it make it happen
ready to start writing it send it to us
strategies
yeah I mean you could cheese it for a
little bit and wait for more those boy
blocks to count maybe
I never got these look like health
clothes yeah
I cracked English
I gave my nephew a DVD of my neighbor
totoro and he told me it was boring I
don't talk to that nephew anymore oh man
I guess it starts a little slow but yeah
tell me get good
oh really
god I hate you
why is this the hardest thing I've ever
had to do
why does it stir me all the way backward
does I really want to know I can only
assume this is a sort of it was long
tedious ship only assumed this might be
an indie title and or more more likely
rich this is another level of padding on
their part and the the difficulty is you
know might might be a tad bit unfair to
add to the length of the game if I'm
going to continue on my theme of of they
stretched it out a little bit saying
you're wrong now I'm not saying that's
definitely the case but
a little Nintendo you know there's
Nintendo hard and then there's Nintendo
hard with no with no save points to Chez
Paree yeah just can't get that timing
right no no it's not forgiving
now these guys back
along have the train to game is Nintendo
hard when it's made artificially
difficult in order to pad it's like okay
I love stiff that's part of the
definition of Nintendo hard then I think
this game is fits right in there
ya know I think it's like it's really
nice of the game to give you help at
these points if you know if you know
what you're looking for
oh shit what the funneled care
prepare to meet your fate
understand the time we're just gonna
give it a second
let's go
nice
he's going oh okay I'm with you
shit
oh the fucking carries are bullshit
jyggalag never in the history of red
letter media has anyone ever seen a
movie before it's been out in the
theatres so in the pre so you know a lot
a lot of critics and reviewers will be
able to see early copy you know early
screeners of a movie in order to get
their review out in time red letter
media does not no one here has seen
Ghostbusters yet no well they
specifically mentioned the review
embargo has been lifted now so maybe oh
just dig that knife in rich dig it right
in
well if you know this why do you say
anything you know I we can't detect
sarcasm through text I hate your mother
for birthing in
prepare to meet your fate
I'm done done I'm done this fucking this
fucking Perry's are awful fucking awful
and see what I can do here
if the parries didn't feel like bullshit
I would probably enjoy it yeah
there's like a one frame window I think
I it's not even when it glows I see the
glow when I hit the parry button I get
my ass kicked
why bother with the fucking glow now
that was funny that was being done being
fired are you trying to kill me
yeah that was Ben that has been being
silly my head burst every every vivid
vein in my forehead just explodes and I
die uh-huh there will be no more stream
yeah ever but they'd be able to watch it
live they might like them oh they might
like that ever smashed or broken
anything in rage from playing a video
game
yes not a long time though but I've
thrown my controller around yeah yep
don't shoot the booth just dodge oh yeah
my name's dodge and wait for the glowing
ones ps2 controller look I'm really old
I've messed controllers are two story to
break but I'm sure I have thrown one
around
I'm smashed it into things the order I
kick things that are not kicked like the
controller I'm a little bit too adult
for that these days look
but I'm enraged I look for expendable
things to take it out on extremely cheap
tables half the warehouse here is just
filled with cheap tables knowing that
rich is gonna knock him over how would
you rate this game um too difficult but
practice some shirts great once you know
what exactly what to do
I I think the timing on the blocks was
bullshit especially considering kind of
have to do it against this guy
if I see a flash and I hit the block
button that that should be the cute
blonde
I can't think of any PlayStation one or
two games hard enough to make me do it
you know in spider-man for the ps1 there
was like a like a challenge room a time
challenge room collect things and so
much time and in order to unlock one of
the costumes I did like we didn't her
like eight seconds or something observed
and that was frustrating as hell
look I we have not been watching any of
the Ghostbusters reviews because we're
probably going to review it and we don't
want to read other reviews I I don't
even know what it is on Rotten Tomatoes
I think it's doing okay um okay all
right
you remember beating up with yeah whoo
what came first specifically like I know
I beat Super Mario Brothers I don't
remember if I beat it before some of the
other games I beat well you know like
I'm sure I've beaten Super Mario
Brothers I don't remember that like I
remember beating Mario 3
I remember beating Mega Man 2 the first
day I got it mm-hmm
that I clearly remember that's an
accomplishment yeah first day be yeah
yeah that's good like oh I clearly
remember the first time I beat Super
Mario Brothers you know like there there
are clear memories of my head of beating
that but what about the games took me
the longest time to be hmm like in game
time or I just put it down for ten years
that's an interesting question I'm
asking it was I have a clear answer all
right wasn't one yet Mike Tyson's
punch-out ha ha ha how long did it take
you to be dead I think I finally beat it
like 7 or 6 years ago
I picked the game back up wasn't a dull
I've never been able to be Tyson he's
just he's insane oh yeah
he's insane and I just i sat down one
evening I was gonna do it I'm gonna beat
Mike Tyson everybody shut up everybody
shut up I'm turning my phone off and oh
god I died so many fuckin times trying
when I finally started to get a hang of
it
mm-hmm and then I'm in like round 3
mm-hmm and I'm driving around too and
I'm I'm doing really really good and
then there was a break in the fight no
no this was around 3 I don't think I was
in round 3 it was a break of the fight
like I knocked Tyson down and then Karen
starts knocking on the door she'd never
keys with her and I got carrot inside I
dropped the controller I sprint over to
get the door and I think I literally
broke my toes it hurt for like a week
afterwards and then I sprinted back to
the couch after opening the door and I'd
beat Tyson even though my toe hurt like
hell I didn't give a shit you could just
stand around outside just wait you know
open the door who knows how long it's
gonna take minutes well I guess that
would that would like mentally that
would distract you from the games
because like even though you're come
straight on the game in the back of head
like how Karen's gonna be pissed at me
for later I maybe I'm probably rubbery
she probably didn't knock like after he
was down she was probably like knocking
on the door while I was still fighting
and I was like waiting for him to go
down so I could run him to get that door
you couldn't pause it I'm trying to
remember if he could pause during that
if I was just didn't like the zone I
wasn't thinking about it I don't know I
loved it it could have been I was just
in the zone and my brain wasn't working
that could have been in at which point I
feel really stupid
carry the wait outside for 10 minutes
you broke a toe ran like hell I guess I
coulda positive chat a signal pause and
punch out okay okay okay okay I guess
that makes sense see that you could you
could do like ad hoc slow-mo if you just
keep pausing yeah so yeah all right well
great well great I'm done with this game
yeah yeah I might pick it up later that
seemed like a bullshit fight right there
try the first two well you won't be able
to try the first one I'll go back to
like I said it's PS oh let's play at
home oh sorry
where's the mouse oh oh you you all tell
me before I properly quit oh yeah okay I
thought that was just me quitting it was
time to almost perfectly
oh all right
now is the time in the stream in which
we think the people who subscribe to us
during the stream much like Bunga Doug
who subscribed for 22 fucking months in
a row Banga Doug says I need a rich
Evans MyTwin
you know what if you are a doll maker
get ahold of us and you know 
see if you can make a rich Evans doll
we can sell to people to
decimals okay why don't you take over this for
bed just I'll be right back just keep
just keep going okay riot crew 25 fuckin
months in a row riot crew says thanks
for over two years of streaming and
thank you rich for introducing me to FTL
been playing it for months it's great
that is great Harry fed 17 months in a
row
Striker1121, 14 months in a row.
Budget_Messiah
Budget_Messiah, happy birthday Mike and Jay.
also because movie because movie
says thanks for the hours of fun
Yep. You guys all need that.
Sent by a fan.
Sent by a fan.
That's a great doll.
Yeah.
The hand broke off, though.
Oh, no.
Which I'm very upset about.
Oh, no.
I actually a.m.
Cuz it's such a great likeness.
I'm sure you can get a replacement hand.
Probably. I mean, the head is the worthwhile thing.
That is absolutely yeah everything else is
replaceable this is real this is real
real you think we're CGI in this trip
did you show it like the it'd even be
more expensive than making it rich put
enough to gamer to show them it even has
the bald spot on back you want me to
show them like my doll I saw them I saw
them say that in the chat and I wanted
like the attention to detail on this
doll is immaculate I think it's I think
it's great I think it's great
BIF eponymous 24 mm fucking once in a
row uh Elvin fox and he says almost
fucking status that's not true Ravan Fox
you're almost at year's status where we
start saying a year saying the amount of
month fucking starts at 20 fucking
starts at 20 minutes sorry Guido see
cuido has subscribed for 19 months and
Ron cuido is almost that fucking status
thank you for the fun guys Guido Jay
Shekar
and they say fuck my penal code a lot of
people don't know this apparently like
let confusion the Penal Code yeah that's
just a list of the laws and whatever
jurisdiction you're in right yeah that's
the thing
right is a thing absolutely I don't
think people some people out there don't
know this maybe Jade shaker does but I
mean a lot of comments seem like they
didn't know oh I didn't quite get the
joke that was being played they're both
on Jim's part and on the editing part I
didn't cool the editing was on the weird
thing that Jim said right that's why
everyone was like what what did you say
yeah yeah I was trying to figure out
what his joke was there besides just
that Pino sounds like penile that's fine
John 1089 that's spelled differently
it's Penal PNA all right
thanks for likes penis oh sorry they're
saying as in penalty yeah
Penal Code John Johnson says thanks for
a great ten months you hacks its Johnson
89 Johnson 89 says right it's a bright
jack
my name is tape 13 months in a row and
they say rubber baby buggy bumpers
rubber baby buggy bumpers rubber baby
buggy bumpers rubber baby buggy bumpers
rubber baby buggy bumpers rubber baby
buggy bumpers rubber baby buggy bumpers
so you couldn't get us on that one let's
try nice try jackass unique New York
unique New York unique New York she
sells seashells by the seashore yeah
sister Susie sells herself to sailors
you know sister Susie sells herself the
Sailor sister Susie sells herself to
sailors Ganga's Borgnine 20 fucking
months in a row hometown markup 23
fucking months in a row and ice bone
badger 23
fucking months in a row they say great
wheel the worst rich wouldn't take Evans
are you thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it it's true we we
really do so rich now that we've played
a couple hours of furry you're gonna cut
it off before I say anything
no just a quick thumbs up thumbs down oh
I'm decided
