Episode 603
Crypts of Necropolis (No Dancing Run) (Part 2)
August 13, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=grbwAT_tCJA
___________________________________________

everybody here everybody here gotta get
used to this law rights I don't know
what this weapon does but it glows red
so I only assume it's better was Star
Wars big and China
Star Wars is big everywhere I'm assuming
it did ok in China that's a fair
assumption right
why can't I kill you
unit 603 idiot says rich Jake look what
comedy movies from the last few years
do you like also prereq is great but
needs more rich Evans getting struck in
the dick with lightning well thank you
what the thank you for that I can't
think of many companies in the last few
years I don't get to the movies all that
much honestly good comedies for the last
few years yeah I really liked Ted most
of the funny things I see are like DV
shows sure I really liked Ted I know
that God shit out a lot but I thought it
was really funny
obviously Mike and Dave need wedding
dates I think is incredibly funny but
I'm also incredibly biased as my cousin
directed it but if we're talking about
recent comedies I haven't seen Deadpool
yet Deadpool yeah yeah you know this was
like Deadpool did have one incredible
incredible laugh-out-loud moment
oh shit for me that that makes it stand
out if you don't watch movies why the
hell are you in red letter media because
I am goofy friend my role is very
clearly defined I am fat goofy friend
and you want the in-depth insightful
analysis then you're you're looking at
everyone else basically but me
oh fuck Sarek you are our only hope
sorry chen kill them first kill them
first
don't worry about us oh that's alright
but we really yep oh nice
I'll check for the dog thing is it what
is it cost to revive nothing just time
it cost time taking a chance just take
it a chance okay they don't say that's
here dog thing oh oh god oh god you
killed Suri Chen no they think the dog
did I think that was legit I think that
was legit shit oh my god I lost all my
weapons and shit well you know what Jack
shit happens shit fucking happens now
you gotta kill that thing
that's alright
what great great you did it you did it
we made it everybody we made it
everybody everybody projected it I a
that kind of helped I kind of I was
killing stuff I'm just I'm just I'm
gonna see if I can is there but if
there's a better she'll than yeah I
don't think there is all right all right
we try we're going this way no we came
from that way did we I don't know just
this guy you know says have you seen the
mermaid highest-grossing Chinese movie
of all time
i watch that i planed recently actually
really liked it it was wacky and funnier
than I'd expected I haven't even heard
of it so there you go I have not seen it
I'm sipping Jack hasn't either Oh based
on his response tired and sad says rich
if you want to see a great ensemble
supernatural comedy that's genuinely
creepy check out what we do in the
shadows I will note that name and I
won't get around to watching it for
another five years right but I'll note
the name rich has keeping my Magnus you
got to close damn it no I was fighting
something in Magnus got in there that's
that's the people who do Flight of the
Conchords which you have not seen what
we're doing the shadows don't know
alright back in the back it up back it
up back it up I have not seen the leak
of the new rogue one trailer and by the
way I think most leaks at this point our
suspect I think is the way to generate
buzz make you feel like it's something
you shouldn't be seeing absolutely yeah
okay
are you reviving good good good oh this
game has friendly fire well you gotta do
something not to make four players
totally easy it'd be my assumption be
really easy to gang up on and beat up on
something it would be I would I would
love a little less friendly fire at this
point during that fight I think all of
our deaths came from each other you know
mm-hm
like it's like the Deadpool trailer
getting leaked by like Ryan Reynolds
directly yeah but that that wasn't
actually because yeah it helped generate
you know the movie was still being made
at that point well wasn't being made at
all that was a teaser they had made to
get Foxton to want to make it and Fox
didn't want to make it right and so then
they leaked then a week later at the
internet loves it and Fox all the sudden
was like oh maybe there is interest so I
guess you're right that one was kind of
a legitimate that's a legitimately yeah
it's weird though when the leak is the
people who made the fucking thing agree
okay all right Howard I believe the Ryan
Reynolds thing was known as a proof of
concept yeah but it was a proof of
concept that was like shelved for like
two years or a year or more by Fox who
had no interest and eventually Ryan
Reynolds was like fuck it I know this is
good well we'll get the internet hyped
about it yep everybody be cool be cool
about fire safety okay here we go here
we go here we go yep yep shit that's
right I don't have my good shield can
you not pick up the weapons after you
died my I could not pick up my weapons
now why is that did you did it espera
something
nice fuck you I'm taking your weapon
I killed yeah I'm taking your weapon
Ghostbusters shirt does that mean
there's a review coming oh my god why
would why would we do a review on
Ghostbusters than everyone is hyped
about wants to hear our opinions on why
would we do that never make any fucking
sense never happened never happened ever
happen nope
I'm sorry that I took that axe but I
killed that guy I know you guys were
kind of you guys were kind of like bait
but I killed him so I took his axe and
you guys already had cool weapons so
Necropolis is the most disappointing
game since my son I was excited I was so
excited for this and it just looks like
half a game
it really helps if you have a friend to
play with I'll be honest and that was
dr. Talos saying that it really helps
having people to play with I can see
this being a little bit of a
disappointing single-player experience
I'm having fun though
I'm having fun I I think it's out on
Xbox and ps4 as well and I might take a
look at that ps4 version I have a lot of
ps4 friends so I take a look this time
it's lupus says hey guys
true story true story the guy who did
the be cool about fire safety rap also
did the pokerap that plays at the end of
all of the early Pokemon episodes played
in America Pokemon yep gotta catch em
all gotta catch em up what gotta catch
em all gotta catch them all hmm it's a
whole thing it's a whole Pokemon thing I
couldn't even tell you what the main
theme sounds like in all honesty really
yeah
do I remember what the main theme sounds
like I don't know if I do
nice nice teamwork nice teamwork
everybody I need a better shield yeah I
wanna be the very best like no one ever
was to catch them is my real test to
train them is my cause Pokemon are you
making this up
I will battle across the land searching
far and wide and in all honesty in all
honesty Jack right now I think there's a
40% chance you are making this up travel
across the land searching far and wide
so there's something Pokemon gotta catch
em all no this is a real thing okay I
believe in my destiny you trained me and
I'll train you Pokemon I have I have
barely seen the Pokemon cartoon and
that's what I know about it that first
parts right I can tell you that for sure
but I don't know about the rest of it
notices hey guys
after seeing the last best of the worst
I did some research and it turns out
that miss utterly is actually an ancient
demon her true name a Lewis cow Aloise
cow I like that
bump of all I like that I get it that is
reference to think
great
forty percent rich have you learned
nothing from XCOM I have that's why I
said 40 for a reason I wasn't I wasn't
totally doubting it right
did they already talk about the new
Ghostbusters no not at all
not at all I haven't said one word about
that fucking movie god damn it Sarah
shit knows their hitch and not again
sorry Jeff
we were here we were ready just sorry
was plugging Wii U pro controller in
that's all right I'll send it back out
there yeah it's kind of but yeah like I
could see I could see if I found like a
group of people to to delve into this
with I could I could see playing a
little bit more of this rich did you
ever clicked any kind of training curbs
growing up now that I had too many but I
love me some Garbage Pail Kids everybody
loved the Garbage Pail Kids absolutely
well unless you were like born after
they were a thing done I suppose
but yeah it's pretty big on the the
Garbage Pail Kids Thanks everybody loved
the Garbage Pail Kids
I was more into the moment the atom bomb
head from the cover on the packages and
never never got him never fucking got
him okay
saves you a minute
this is the furthest we've made it in
the game so far
but
stay out of each other fuck fuck run
away run away let him come to you
rich what products do you want to buy
now that you seen the new Ghostbusters
like I really want some Pringles yeah
yeah yeah they got a lot of Pringles
they got them some Pringles they have
some prominent Pringles Sarah Jane it's
up to you again both Magnus and I are
down
sorry chance just carrying your how come
you didn't lose your items what business
okay so what it appears is there are two
kinds of deaths one is one you just
knocked down death and your teammate can
help you if you're knocked down for too
long then you like teleport somewhere
okay which is what happened last time
and say return God's meantime whatever
beefcake says MLG Pro right all right
yeah no surgeon is basically like way up
on it and is sri Chin's back must be
hurting from carrying you all game I do
not I do not doubt that I do not deny
her contributions to the team III had a
rocket League match someone recently
yeah where the two other people in my
team they were much higher rank than me
they were in like the the master
territory oh she's a veteran and their
score was like both like the 500s at the
time the game ended five eight hundred
and I like 100 and when the match was
over I just said thanks for the ride
and I got some mellow roles they
understood what I meant sometimes and
you know what sometimes you're on the
you're on the other end of that right
sometimes you're the you're the heavy
hitter on the team I will never be good
at the aerials and I'll go I just I've
just come to accept that you know
they're tough
they're really tough
let's just see who wins spider versus
skeleton let them folks skeleton oh no
spider coming back spiders coming back
go spider versus skeleton ooh and yeah
oh we got a spider victory we got a
spider victory fuck kill me Magus Jack
why why did you do that I was going why
did you do that going for the spider
I'm really sorry Magnus because he was
right in that area you just ran right
through and started swinging your sword
willy-nilly wildly thought rich didn't
like multiplayer games I tend to avoid
them because someday the rocket League
servers are gonna be dried up and I'm
like oh why don't I play rock I'm like
oh nobody's playing that anymore
fortunately rocket League seems to be
very popular rocket show has has been
added to many pro-gaming yeah yeah what
do you call them competitive competitive
matches like rocket League is taken off
in a very real way which is great for
those of us who love it you you were
streaming it the other day and that
actually got me Rihoko a rocket League
kick
Jeff losses yeah true story also the
voice actor for Eddie Eagle in the Jason
Priestley gun safety video is cam clarke
who also voiced Leonardo from 90s era
Ninja Turtles and liquid snake in the
Metal Gear series well Glenn Karp climb
Clark he was someone's snake or liquid
snake liquid snake had a different voice
actor than Solid Snake they're supposed
to be clones why wouldn't you just use
the same fucking voice actor because
wasn't it it was revealed that they were
clones like you yeah yeah you know you
haven't do the voice differently when
you get the same guy so weird
I don't
there's all sorts of story in here maybe
liquid snake didn't smoke as much a
solid you know you know what I can buy
that I can buy that oh my god this guy
let himself on fire
what what why does jango fett sound
different from boba it's like they
didn't plan it out properly Oh Magnus
where you going was there a guy come on
I don't know you're the one playing
bring up Metal Gear stuff through
maternal something or other all right
fine fine fine it's all fine it's all
fine
Richard Roeper wrote a piece about the
shit he got after giving Ghostbusters a
bad review oh I'd love to read that and
that's why you're gonna have a hard time
trusting the reviews on this because
there's just so much so much political
bullshit surrounding it these guys got
trapped free XP can I hit you you got
trapped in the game what you know what
you know I think it's telling what the
Ghostbusters reviews why I say you can't
trust them look at the Rotten Tomatoes
scores all right it's good 74 last time
I looked and Rotten Tomatoes okay switch
it to the like the pro critic be the top
critics and it drops down to 50 it drops
down to like 52 I think oh my god the
huge discrepancy yeah yeah well then you
know it's a genre movie it's a comedy so
like you're probably gonna find that
discrepancy but it shouldn't be that big
how did it get a 76 on rotten tomatoes
because they marketed this movie on
shame does men are horrible give it a
good review for the ladies cuz women
could do it too because it's not just a
bad movie it's a cause
oh rich that's it it's not just a bad
movie it's a cause see what a worse shit
is what it is nailed it Sony trying to
milk as much money as they can out of
this turd
I'm probably not supposed to be up here
but here err megawatts is rich and Jack
yeah I have to thank you guys on the SF
debris de bris we don't have to say his
name on the rise of yes don't fuck the
SF I think it's debris SF Tabriz oral
history of comic book publishing then
don't thank me thank father who sent it
to me yeah what a fun listen that is
fuck what a fun listen FS debris or F
you know spelled FS de bris just lovely
like 13 part video series on the history
of comic book publishing super fun super
fun everyone should give that should
give that a listen there's a comment I
like because I think I pretty much
completely agree with that stick Lord
says rich when you and Mike were talking
about how they were basically just some
schlubby exterminators it made me
realize the original Ghostbusters could
easily have been a Three Stooges short
and that's not a knock at all and I I
agree I completely agree I think some
some would argue that that's kind of the
the part that Bill Murray is playing you
know the schlub oh he's not down he's
not down
thank you thank you both for helping me
I'm just so pathetic but I appreciate it
this is why I need some friends this guy
you have to kill fast cuz he blows up
nice the old Ghostbuster loved its
audience the new one has contempt for it
yes I actually I agree with that 1,000%
just just take a closer look at the
villain in the new one take a close look
at that what they're sad
whoa look at that thing
well it's gonna cool I don't know what
the fuck it is but it's kind of cool
Magnus goes mine I'm nice
that's neat that's a neat enemy
yeah
sorry Magnus
sorry Magnus something was attacking you
and I didn't want it to that was my bad
my bad
why did you spend 12 dollars in a movie
you knew was going to suck I didn't know
was going to suck the as much as the the
shitstorm around it was annoying the the
movie itself isn't funny I'm sorry
whoa whoa whoa whoa Sarah Jen whoa by
the way there becomes like it becomes
really intuitive how you how you learn
to like move within a group is a really
positive thing I can say about this game
you start to like learn how your
teammates attack and and that's really
nice
what is that what's going on it's all
red
it's all red so how are you feeling
about the snow I'm sure you like it okay
that's a neat thing
fuck fuck
you know it's it's tough because if you
don't have shit if you don't have
someone to play this with I could see
you I could see this being a real slog
yeah but we have some people who you
know are dedicated to playing right now
and that makes it kind of fun and the
monsters are neat and the worlds are
starting starting to like me the first
couple of worlds were really boring but
now they look pretty darn cool I I have
not seen bridemaids or spy you know what
I haven't slept Ryan's maids either I
really want to I hear it's fantastic
Mike and Jay have and they both enjoyed
the films I hear I hear nothing but good
things about bridesmaids but you know we
hate movies with any kind of feminist
theme which is which is why I personally
got on my knees and gave fury road a
year-long blowjob right
what that what that who did
I meet they're not coming down I'm gonna
eat real quick
okay all right no all feminism is bad
all movies around feminism abandoned of
course rich
see like that way met like we did that
before that way Magnus kind of lured
that thing to him and I got it on the
backside mmm that's some really
beautiful unspoken teamwork I don't know
if that's what he was trying to do but
it worked
yes that's also why one of my favorite
action movies is aliens yes I also hated
Kill Bill Oh Kill Bill Oh God
that movies sure did you know why it
sucked because there was a woman in it
and they just can't do it as well just
can't do it as well
no Ghostbusters has an outright contempt
for its core audience it's really weird
well wait till I'll see it I'll see it
soon say okay
I don't want to leave you again are you
coming
Sara Jen you're coming no she's okay
she's mixing yeah well wait for you okay
you ready all right magnets magnets you
coming
Magnus Magnus
oh all right here we go
that's three we're gonna take on this
crazy world
Magnus PU says Jack picked up on exactly
what I've been doing you go Jack what
was a bit of an unspoken teamwork that's
really hard to do in a multiplayer game
I'm assuming you know there's something
does this game have like Mike's I wonder
I know I started saying then everybody's
you wouldn't know any more than I do
oh look you got funny hit funny happy
should we talk to this bit II can't
all right great great great let's rock
and let's rock and/or roll
everybody here good everybody here and
answer
oh rich hmm look at this thing with the
big sword wait till turns around look at
this thing
shit that's kind of neat
wait I gotta catch up to it shit ah
it starts on fire so we're trying to
catch up with a comet I lost might be
too late
we literally had aced we literally had
Star Wars the female lead make more
money than anything yeah it's true
yeah nerd culture does not hate women no
it's a it's a fucking lie because they
knew their movie looked terrible they're
trying to guilt people into seeing this
movie just to just stick it onto those
horrible those horrible chauvinist nerds
and yeah that's insulting yeah as hell
okay
what
Krabs's thought I'd reopen the Sun rich
and Jack down under to stream from paxos
fund could you plus chat recommend three
ps3 games that are representative of
that console just got one but with no
games I don't know about representative
of that console and you need to specify
this have to be like exclusives like do
you have a 360
yeah because Vanquish I love the hell
out of vanquish I mean it's also
available on 360 I think you just got
that consoles like yeah you know you got
the souls games first was the Demon
Souls Demon Souls I don't know if Dark
Souls was on it Demon Souls was that
Dark Souls had to about it was it was
Demon Souls the one that was one of them
was like ps2 right am I wrong about that
I don't know I pretty sure Dark Souls
this is ps3
Magnus is just starting fires
I follow a female author on I I follow a
female author on Twitter and she said
that it was amazing to her as a woman
seeing women do things that usually men
do in action movies as she thinks that
young girls would get a lot more out of
this movie than the original
Ghostbusters audience for what I have
nothing against that the problem is the
movies a bad movie it's not funny
fuck and second hey is this person never
seen a movie in like the last 30 years
like Mike it's Knobble that there's a
female actually right
Ripley the bride
Black Widow they've been around forever
that's a bullshit argument fucking ray
in the new Star Wars is a far far better
role model why did it have to be an
all-female cast why couldn't it be a mix
of genders irrelevant irrelevant you're
with ghostbusters what make what makes
that first movie work is the chemistry
between those three specific actors
playing those characters that's not
something you can just just willy-nilly
recreate in fact they couldn't recreate
it in the second movie because yes which
is not as good as the first movie so
it's not even about female actors
Ghostbusters is a franchise that was
never really a franchise yes exactly
because they tried and failed already
remember the closest they came was the
cartoon mm-hmm but I mean that you know
it's a Saturday morning cartoon for
children they just need to go on silly
adventures that's fine I enjoyed it as a
kid
I mean it could have been judd apatow I
could have a dad shut Apatow film with
his crew what I would have felon just as
flagged to me wouldn't be the same
absolutely well that's not really what
Ghostbusters is Ghostbusters really is
Bill Murray dan Aykroyd and Harold Ramis
Ernie Hudson - sure someone get behind
this thing get behind this thing it's
chasing me see look at this we got this
figured out now get behind it there you
go nice ice fuck yeah fuck yeah go team
okay but I mean try and trying to act
like this is the first movie to have
females and action roles is like acting
like red tails is the first movie to
star black people that's a spit in the
face - fury road is what it is spit in
the fucking face
spit in the face - alien really it's
it's a completely out of touch attitude
to have to the point where I'm now
thinking you brought that up and it was
bullshit just to rile me up because
because incredible female author
wouldn't be that dumb there's something
over here Magnus there's something
behind you
trinkets
you know could be tomorrow you up or it
could've just been something that riled
them up you know and they wanted to
share so oh no I feel blinded
oh my god I blinded myself with an
unknown potion my bad there we go all
right let's keep moving forward
yah-hey magnin Magnus got a gun you got
a fire gun you're not huh you're not I'm
sorry Magnus you're not helping there
you go now you hit them
you should be annoyed that they're using
this whole kind of female empowerment
thing is a crutch for a terrible film
yeah yeah Magnus you just take care of
him take care of her from a distance
here that's fine we're going for
distance well I don't we don't care if
we cheese it a little bit well watch
your back it's about seeing females do
science not action avatar squirt knee
Weaver no oh and by the way like we're
not saying we're also not saying like
that this couldn't have worked it could
have worked but by by choosing to remake
Ghostbusters they made it very difficult
on themselves because the original movie
wasn't bad it's still a good movie it's
a hard act to follow by anyone
you're actually better
by anyone including the four original
cast members is from software your
favorite triple-a developer I don't have
like a favorite developer that I only
follow their games since you bring that
up now though from software they also
made 3d heroes which is only available
on the ps3 because we were talking about
that earlier remember yeah which is
basically like a a whimsical homage to
the original Zelda and other kind of
classic JRPGs not that is all that was
ever really a JRPG but there's a lot of
references to shit I'm not familiar
whether shipping went completely over my
head but I understand there are
references to things that I don't know
platinum yeah look I love I love
vanquish but Platinum's made some
stickers transformers game wasn't and it
wasn't anything to write home about and
I understand the Teenage Mutant Ninja
Turtles one wasn't either
yeah I heard I heard they copy-pasted
levels from the transformer game into
the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles I heard
some very negative things about Teenage
Mutant Ninja Turtles
I mean is it wrong for us just to let
Magnus cheese it because he's got he's
got a gun you how did you get a gun
where did where did you get a gun we
need more guns I didn't know we could
get guns
I didn't even realize it was a gun I
thought that was your magic staff it's
got a fucking gun we're here we got your
we're your backup in case they they
decide to flip out on you that's all we
are right now Magnus you are in charge
here this is your show all right we
can't say anything because now the NRA
is a topic in the jet just can't say
anything Jack Jesus age we live in a
world where the Ghostbusters reboot is
the most politically divisive film of
the year
what a year what it's our only alive
right fucking kill me oh shit sorry
there John we stepped on each other's
toes there
that is nice
are we not accepting tips we should be
list is a problem with our tips tips the
problems with tips happen sometimes last
one I have on here is when I read oh
wait maybe it's not I did miss some okay
I did miss some too missed a couple
recruit more pimps for you because it
was the same name I saw earlier I
thought it was that old haha my birthday
on Saturdays on Saturday and I'm
upgrading to blu-ray
what kind of blu-ray player should I get
/ what kind of player does rlm use in
the best of the worst screening room VHS
player I do not play games
so no ps4 we have a blu-ray though I
don't know what I don't know what brand
it is off the top my damn head though I
don't think it's anything super fancy
either so I can only imagine most of
them you know this point blu-ray players
have been around for a before most of
them are gonna give you those features
are gonna give you the same kind of
reliability I'm pretty sure our blu-ray
player is just a blu-ray player one of
those like special also does Netflix if
you want to be practical does the ps4
play blu-rays so if you do want a video
game thing - that's that's an option yep
anonymous says I think it's hilarious
that the pro girl power crowd is now
stuck defending this terrible movie
trying to get people to see it who ends
up winning Sony ah you know what I'm
done talking about it
look I'm done talking about it we'll
talk about it more on Wednesday when we
can get into it gets too damn political
I just know I didn't think it was funny
that's all that matters that's all that
should matter for a comedy hold on I'm
gonna craft gotta craft a little bit
crafting over here hey you guys got it
Kroenke says I need more Pokemon go
streams that first one was a beautiful
disaster you know that's something I
would prefer talking about right now
what how would you feel about trying
again with the pokeyman uh you know what
overall I'd be okay with it like doing
it and have it work would be nice we
learned some lessons we definitely
learned some lessons Sara Chan I'm sorry
I got to fight this thing and I will
come and remand and help rich please
talk about less political topics than
movies like terrorism or military cooze
fucking right what a wonderful world we
live in right oh my god no and you know
like I would definitely uh I would
definitely that'd be down for more
Pokemon go screams I think we learned a
lot of lessons we we actually here in
the studio we have something that might
be a good battery source we just didn't
have it figured out yeah in time for for
the the dealy for the actual stream but
were able to power via USB but I didn't
that wasn't even thinking that wouldn't
be good for the laptop and I'm used to
this world where tablets charge via USB
ports exactly and I had a laptop and
then an Xtreme we might implore like
skyping it here you know but then one of
us would have to stay here so maybe like
next Pokemon stream like if rich is in
the studio and I talked to him via Skype
you know then then we can get a solid
stream cuz that was the other problem is
like you know even though we had decent
decent Wi-Fi it was still a bomb yeah of
an unknown type meat you know it's still
it's still a 4G and not super solid not
super solid Ethernet ready shit that we
got here
so I think that might be a smart way to
do it obviously that takes away you and
I both walking don't you read things
guys read things you prepare for read
things I think that's what this means it
means read things yep yep it does
Kirkland says rich and Jack really
enjoyed the Pokemon stream right it was
a great idea and something fresh and new
here are some money toward trying new
things thank you so person in chat
asking about GM feed pictures that's
just when me and Mike were in high
school that's that's what we label we
went under with our shitty crappy
homemade films you don't hear anything
about it except that was all garbage
crap the prep when you make when you
were in high school is all garbage
you guys need to not multitask on
devices don't use the phone to be the
mobile hotspot and play the game use the
tablet to play the game don't use the
laptop to process the feeds into the
stream and shoot the camera just have a
do one job that's Tiberius Kirk was not
the tip you're probably right some beers
we you know we had to do that because
our MiFi device stopped working that's
what we had to do that but we you bought
a thing specifically so that wouldn't be
an issue well but that's the thing that
stops yeah I'm just explaining this and
so that's why we ended up having to use
the Bob Jesus just bought a ps4 my first
console in eight years and now own doom
and blood-borne
love the hell out of doom even though it
took me about 40 minutes of setup before
I could even play lol fuck my cock glad
you enjoyed doom it's fucking amazing
I had a friend recently who who said
that day after after seeing our review
decided to get to him and you know
doomed it up mm-hmm it's it's so like
doom is just one of those games where
it's like like what we said during the
during the review it were it's just so
necessary people need to understand how
good fucking doom is
hunchback jack says but if you didn't
make that crap in high school you'd
still be making crap now that's true
this is true but you don't show people
your old crap
remember when we were in high school we
did not have the internet and so there
was no place to uh there was no place to
upload all of our crap for everyone to
see
is it where is he
yeah I think sarah chen threw a bomb if
I'm pretty sure it's their chance for a
bomb this is a somewhat interesting
question is is doom the video game
equivalent of fury road words necessary
for it shows you how to do it right in
this modern era when they're not would
be mice thing I would say yes fuckin
City right I have not played Wolfenstein
the new order yet everyone tells me
that's great yeah yeah that came out
earlier than do them but yeah and you
know what it's a it's a throat it's a
throwback to the older style done
correctly so yeah you know what I think
they are very similar yes we did get a
package from curry up chap and we have
way of snacks from that package if
that's the package you're talking about
lot of stuff in that package with my
allergies though I'm reluctant eat
anything when I can't read the label
Touche
so I haven't had anything but we have
the snacks that people have enjoyed them
o
furfle sausage boy have either of you
played any more fury did you download
that did you buy that oh I did it's free
for PS Plus members oh that's right yeah
and so I did download it and played it a
little bit more got through the first
couple bosses
easy fucking peasy you know because I
knew all their pattern right and got
stuck again on that last boss and just
it's just not and at all I also paid
attention to how many levels there work
it's just 9 it's just nothing there's
nine right I don't I don't think there's
enough rewards to keep me interested I
need some little rewards in there I have
an issue with the difficulty levels okay
like we're playing a ton normal it was
pretty hard it's hard to be enjoyable I
wanted to maybe knock it down and go
through it once get used to the bosses
sure and like the next level down
difficulty wise was so easy it wasn't
even worth play
like Fabi a fun fucking middle ground
I learnt easier I don't want baby mode
it was like that you know that second
boss that had like you know like nine
different forms yeah yeah like two I
think two or three and and that one guy
the the guru kind of guy oh yeah then
when we got stuck on him he was so
nerfed it was ridiculous he only had two
phases oh come on
see you know that's part of the game and
you know like like we were talking about
with when we were streaming it if they
had some interludes where you just got
to like slice through some guys huh
just give me some rewards as a player
give me something maybe maybe a
difficulty for maybe you know you lose
health a little bit less but it plays
out mostly the same yeah that'd be nice
Oh
oh sorry Magnus
I am one says hey guys love everything
you do was running if you've ever played
best yawn or transistor they came out a
few years ago and at least personally
were they more enjoyable where the most
enjoyable time I've had gaming I've
heard good things about both transistors
specifically I've heard I've heard
pretty good things about but I'm not
familiar with either at all so
transistors slightly turn-based I want
to say yeah commits ian in the chat
since i have not played fury but I had
played blood-borne how would you
describe the difficulty compared to
blood-borne hard to say because I
honestly I haven't I haven't really gone
back and played that much more fury like
you know blood-borne was really fucking
hard at first then you get a handle on
it yeah
and I had to be fair I haven't played
fury to the point where I got a handle
on it it's a very different game though
fury is only boss battles yeah and
they're not like giant blood-borne
bosses either so I mean kind of a
different beast
you know like with blood-borne once you
get a hang of it defeating all of the
piddly guys it's really fun and really
says yes and you know like at first that
giant troll is just a son of a bitch and
then you you understand how to parry the
troll and you just you farm them you
know I can't say though whether or not
once you get to know the fury bosses if
they become enjoyable or just easier I
don't know I don't know
I agree oh hold on guys wait there's
some books over here
I want to unlock some books sorry uh
would you guys recommend inside I don't
want to watch the stream to avoid
spoilers avoid spoilers I it's not the
favorite my favorite game I've ever
played but I it's worth playing and
don't spoil it
what's what's the price on it right now
I'm not sure I mean I definitely
recommend it and it actually is so much
so that I I went on our prereqs team
page and recommended it yeah it's it's
an experience
like game-wise I'm not sure it's like
it's acceptable the greatest but you
know it's it's definitely an experience
so yeah okay everybody ready everybody
ready everybody ready let's do this yeah
and stay away from all spoilers stay
away from all spoilers
so is this the last one oh yeah I mean
then we've been doing so well oh yeah no
it's not that way no that's not that way
we're doing we're doing we're doing
pretty good here we're doing I think we
found our flow we found how to work
together I got some may be something
going on later I got up oh thanks I
gotta call someone after the stream okay
okay yeah no you let me you let me know
that yeah yeah no I think the end of
this run will be fine
oh fuck Magnus with his gun I want to
know how you got that gun it probably
just got really lucky right or you know
something you don't maybe a secret thing
Oh is there a secret thing for the gun
do you have a gun
look at this thing rich we're gonna have
monster that's a beautiful monster okay
I am a little into this game in a way
that I don't think I would be if I was
playing alone
fearful sludge point I can ask Jack if
he's playing competitive mode and
overwatch but I won't and I can't answer
a question Richard doesn't ask me that's
on Jack
I'm not I'm not I uh you know I'm a
pretty casual player as is and that is
ugly yeah that beautiful shit Chet I
would not see the new Ghostbusters again
but I'll probably get roped into it if
Karen really wants to see it
oh my guys don't hit me don't hit me
Magnus you got this there you go thank
you oh that was a close one
um no I'm not doing any other
competitive stuff I and I took a break
from playing it for a while because just
some other you know I was playing other
games I just got into a couple really
fun matches and I just I enjoyed the the
wood ecology I enjoyed just the normal
fun
hold on adventures truck I feel like I
want to use that I don't I still don't
necessarily know what it is so also this
what is it
I don't know I'm gonna use it how about
that okay
I used it I don't know what it did
Magnus is cheesin his way through this
whole thing and I'm kind of okay with
that I think I messed up your cheese
Magnus I missed a few cheese's I made
the monsters come to us and I'm actually
really sorry about that cuz I was really
okay with your cheese Oh jack Oh Jack
Jack would you play overwatch with your
viewers of course I would of course I
would the only issues I I've been
playing on the Xbox one oh shit I gotcha
Magnus I got you
hunchback Jack I know you're full of
shit goddamnit have either of you seen
the new Ghostbusters sorry if you
already covered but I joined utterly and
completely full of shit
absolutely you choose that one but then
we're gonna take down this other guy Oh
oh shit
this guy got mad
there yeah
Hey
it's just fat it's just faster to take
an oh fuck
sorry I should've let you choose him
mama says Jack even though it's still
months away yes I am already hyped for
Fargo season 3 don't know don't know if
you've looked into it yet but no it's
known to be in 2010 and have you and
McGregor playing two roles as twin
brothers I mean great everything they
did with the UH with the other show is
great the other seasons yeah I mean the
more they get to make the better right
right I've never seen any of them so are
you having
you know what you should good stuff
Fargo good stuff
wait wait sorry
oh shit now I started crafting sorry
guys Lloyd beats yours can
congratulating me on my upcoming
nuptials
um nope tools just general term next
year Oh what what am I getting married
sometime that's I'm leaving that up to
Karen I'm basically I'm leaving it up to
Karen and someone who was married let me
tell you it's fucking awesome okay it's
it's taken me ages to get to get her
butt into gear come on
taking me ages and I'm sure we'll be
talking about it as I move her up here
thank you coming Able's three five two
one so I've been having a shit time
recently and your stream slash videos
always cheer me up so I wanted to leave
a small tip thanks for the hours of
entertainment keep it up thank you very
much I appreciate it appreciate it we do
okay never wealthy always rich says rich
can you please do a Dead Rising 3 so low
stream sometime I really love your Dead
Rising 1 in 2 streams and would be
interested in your opinion on the new
game even if you hate it well 3 is not
that the new one anymore because they're
working on the fourth one right that and
I'm going to string more Dead Rising I'd
probably want to do a complete one of
Dead Rising 2
oh this is the guy with the gun this is
the guy with the gun fuck yeah yeah I
don't know how to use the gun ugly Bob
says I watch space cop and rich I really
loved you in it you seem to have put a
lot of effort into getting jacked for
the climax scenes also amazing stunts is
that how you hurt your back I hurt my
back just by being old it's an age thing
I didn't I didn't have an accident hey
well it's not one particular thing yeah
yeah this thing is very hard aim Oh
Magnus get you shit together yeah I
never had a good Dead Rising 2 no death
run I'd like that but I might fight if I
ever do an odd guy know at some point
I'm going to you another no death run
attempts it's probably gonna be Ninja
Gaiden Sigma what the fuck was that
I feel invisible
what
what
oh god I puked probably from being
invisible
possible news of a PC port of Dead
Rising 1 when it passes 10 years from
release that would be nice I would love
to have that on PC I can finally toss
out 360
is Ninja Gaiden Sigma as good as black a
lot of people say that black is better
Ninja Gaiden black I just happened to
enjoy Ninja Gaiden Sigma I don't think
it's significantly worse than black and
to be honest it looks a hell of a lot
better if you want to get superficial
nice nice fucking nice everyone I told
rich like two hours ago that Dead Rising
1 is coming to ps4 I'd rather it came to
PC look I'm probably gonna have a PC
running longer then I'm gonna have a ps4
hooked up the only the only the only
reason I need a ps4 right now is
blood-borne to be perfectly honest huh
it's about a lousy console generation if
you want good console exclusive shit
been terrible
well Jordan from the on become full yes
I know
oh yeah I can't do it fucking I'd shared
it
I beat you to it you monster I be if I
fucking beat you to it he says what
about I'm sure loner Archon says did
Jack and his wife watched x-men
apocalypse yet nope there you go
no we really hated Days of Future past
we really hated it and apparently we're
in the minority there so no like and my
wife is one of the biggest x-men fans
that I know and if she hated Days of
Future past there's no hope for any one
mega wha i blood-borne is not on PC I'm
saying I'm saying if blood-borne were on
PC that'd be the only I would have no
reason to keep around my ps4 right the
only reason I needed ps4 right now is
cuz that's what that's what blood-borne
is on
is it better for us financially if you
watch old streams on Twitch or YouTube
but I don't know if it really matters
what you want you're under no obligation
that's true we're not we're not trying
to milk you for as much money as we can
though we appreciate what you give us
that is also true
yeah but I mean just ad revenue wise
we'd probably make a bigger cut from
YouTube stuff but I would but you should
watch it through chat through twitch
just because then you can see the chat
look up wait what if you watch our stuff
through twitch then you get to watch the
chat and that's kind of funny do you see
the chat on the highlights well that's a
good question because then you can only
see like the recent old stuff with the
chat right that's actually a really good
question right I don't know who knows
who knows the answer to that and guess
not because I think the intended use of
the highlights is to make sure no room
videos yeah but it might still have the
chat information
Thanks
nice nice teamwork everybody nice
teamwork let's see what else is in here
what
laughs Magnus you and that gun gonna
cause some problems there is a chat
reply in the highlights okay okay
and personally that's how I would want
to watch it cuz you know the chats part
of the fun so so yeah
yeah I know I'd agree with that I'd
agree with that so that's where you
should watch it we have a very good chat
I think we do have a very good job I'm
only saying that because you're
listening
I'm gonna put this out there I'm not
complaining
these guns though just Opie shit and you
know they've been very rare but
yes these guns though there's there's
Justin especially for like piddly
enemies like we've been taking care of
just lock on and
like I said not complaining because it's
been great but gameplay-wise nice you
ever watched another streamer on Twitch
Jax or anybody you watch any watch I
watched stir and German lot they stir
does overwatch
he used to be a tf2 gameplay maker and
now he does overwatch a lot of times
like I won't watch a particular streamer
but I'll watch a stream yeah like I
follow we're gonna Matt Lee's who's just
a general youtuber he does a lot of
board game stuff he's part of the shut
up sit down show yeah which is a board
game show he just did a stream a charity
stream where he went through all of Dark
Souls 3 with no armor he called it he
called it pants man ok ok you know it's
just a fun stream just people talking
and going through Dark Souls 3 with no
armor that was a fun stream and so like
you know I watch a lot of spelunky
streams shit what is that what is that
what is that that's the ceiling falling
in okay how about this way nope Magnus
wants to go that way okay my streams on
Saturday but I've been watching
carlsagan42 he does like the crazily
insanely hard Mario maker levels oh he
sees an entertaining streamer that's
nice
yes it's like specific things good
considering the difficulty of the shit
he does I'm shocked he can carry on a
conversation which is which is the most
amazing thing to be as iostream that I
can barely talk and play at the same
time that's tough man it's tough to be
like the kind of multitasking involved
in just moving your character and and
holding a conversation is it's fucking
beyond me
yes carlsagan42 was on summer games done
quick it's been on more than one yes
Carl Sagan is dead it's not that Carl
Sagan obviously the name is a homage
Magnus chill the enemies are just
starting to dodge our fire now which
actually makes me happy
that we can't cheese so easily magnets
just come up here and lock on to him his
lock onto these fuckers hey hey did I
approve of the V remake
I haven't seemed to be remake cuz it
sounded dumb I didn't give it a chance
cuz I was reading like a review of the
series and at some point someone
mentioned an extended kung fu sequence
and I'm like what the fuck what
hey yeah what sounded like there was
some kind of crazy action singing or
something rich I started dating a lady
who recently told me she only watched
the original Ghostbusters once and fell
asleep halfway through is that a
deal-breaker no no you can love somebody
and have different interests that's true
okay that's true you need to have enough
in common you know where there's shit to
talk about but then you know enough
differences where where you're not just
getting in each other's way
I don't well I know enough difference so
I keep up conversation you know yeah
yeah
he's alright
great hey guys we're doing great Magnus
Sara Chen I feel like we're making real
progress here
he was nonsense with right-leaning
messages you have to be talking about
the new one because the old one was
totally anti-fascist
oh shit not working oh he's following me
he's followed me
fuck oh fuck Magnus it's up to you
jeezum jeezum I think you did it I think
you did okay you got a razor s God
resurrect this quick that's not a subtle
comment about conservatism here's oh
here's how it works the extreme end of
right wing you get fascism the extreme
end of left wing you get communism both
lead to some pretty bad things oh I get
it I get it I'm a dummy rich tell me
tell me tell me
do you know that about me ya big dummy
why are you asking just reiterating that
I'm the dummy all right let's rock and
roll
and furnaces I know people like to mail
our alum beer but how do you feel about
receiving homebrew
it's not bad I promise and I'll make
custom labels for them Jack how do you
feel about receiving homebrew in the
mail we we have gotten some homebrew
before I you know I think everyone tried
a little bit of it I tried a little bit
more than I think everyone else but uh
you know hey send send away send away
there's no guarantee that we will drink
it but you do you man
Jeff washes just wanted to thank you for
the hours of entertainment here and at
rlm I can give you no higher praise than
to tell you I have blacked out laughing
at your videos also I may not be super
healthy I think I've come close to
blacking out laughing yeah I'm pretty
sure I almost did during the Resident
Evil viewing
I need to meet do I have any meat 1940s
Germany was socialistic the same way
that North Korea is a Democratic
Republic but I'm Bob but I'm Bob Oh
Magnus has a green sword now that looks
neat not a lot of treasure chests I've
noticed that
beyond infinite says hey finally a
Sunday I'm not working or busy rich my
name is nate beyond in Faneuil 2001 is a
favorite film of mine check yeah you
have to make a review episode tomorrow
what film with whom oh shit sorry guys I
have an idea for a review episode I have
not flown it by a while ago before
actually before they were doing review
Jay was talking to me and and asked me a
very strange question which is you know
hey do you remember any movies from like
a while ago like not something anything
terribly obscure but something that you
remember enjoying like I think he was
asking me about a review movie but I I
just didn't fucking see reach and I'm so
sorry I'm so sorry hold up fuck spider I
will I will come and save you I'm so
sorry I hit you with my axe I was trying
to help Magnus
Magnus is still in trouble and now I'm
good
congratulations I feel like I'm doing
great I feel like I'm helping I feel
like I'm nothing but helping do I like
2001 me personally um when I tried to
watch 2001 a Space Odyssey I was too
damn young I need to watch it as an
adult to see what I think but I watched
it when it was way too young and I
thought it was dull but I was a kid so
yeah and I've seen it more recently and
actually I it's still visually amazing
you know I think there are there are
problems with it that I didn't notice
story wise and character wise and but
visually it's it's a it's a masterpiece
I got a little I got a little pissed off
about certain aspects of it when are you
watching it as an adult sorry Jenna
what's got you they're going back what
she almost got you look what happened
look what happened in the end yeah it's
Karma
that's Karma damn it she was not looking
out for you at all we were you were
clearly there first clearly she's follow
suit but I do I have an idea for a
review that I will I'm gonna that I'm
going to run by the guys I don't I don't
want to mention anything just because
you know like I think it's better if
it's uh if that kind of stuff is is a
surprise
well I got an idea
ah sorry Jen sorry
oh shit
should talk to Jay you know what I'd
like to do a review of road warrior road
road warrior nice I mean you should yes
cuz I don't I don't think fury road
replaces it I think they do different
things
oh fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
I forgot what button did what I press
the X button to attack I can't believe
I'm such a dummy oh my god I pray I pray
why would I press the X button the X
button has never attacked oh rich I'm
the dumbest I cannot tell you why I did
that
why did I to go yeah no I mean there's a
there's a ton of great older movies that
not a lot of people are talking about
but people should be and do I feel the
years but overall good or bad for movies
and TV well from movies the ER is
largely better utter disaster I think
yeah yeah TV shows ash vs. Evil Dead
came out so huge win
I can't wait for season fucking to was
that what started last year was that
still going into January ash vs. Evil
Dead I'm just gonna say yes because I
mentioned it already
okay don't remember I just don't
remember
I've seen adventure brothers I hadn't
been thrilled with the new season it the
the season six I believe is what just
came out for the Venture Brothers I it's
just been on so long and it comes out so
rarely I forget what actual season we're
on I think it's six but it all felt like
one exceedingly long exceedingly average
episode haven't loved it
almost fell off
thank 14 says hey Jack and rich hi I
just wanted you got you guys to know
that you seem like genuinely good people
and that your content has helped me deal
with my chronic depression and many
occasions keep up the good work thank
you wow it's glad to hear we've helped
someone out I managed to feel like I'm
giving people depression you know
sometimes it's hard to tell you heard
that Ghost Busters conversation
I don't I just don't
is the man with no name the most badass
character ever I don't know about ever
but he's up there that place what in the
good the bad the ugly you know for a
fistful of dollars other great they're
great
I'm sure there
I'm sure the dollars trilogy is great
seed Andy Chuck says not at the moment
Jack I want you to have more opinions
about Dark Souls 3 god damnit I'm
finding ds3 has much better
replayability I eat no health firming
excuse me which straight stop me from
replaying blood-borne that was a minor
issue of blood-borne you know like there
was just there was times where you
needed you needed to farm Ripley is a
good character I'm not saying I'm not
saying the man no name is a better
character but he is more badass than
Ripley
badass is an attitude he says he says
little and when he does things he does
amazing things like dread and dread you
know what
Dark Souls 3 kind of summed up our
feelings as we were streaming it when
remember when I asked for a bonfire and
a bonfire was there mm-hmm that's kind
of it you know like Chad Duke Nukem is
not a badass he's just a fucking joke
and he's a fucking ripoff of every other
character that had good one-liners
couldn't even come up with his own
fucking one-liners
I nominated Jason for biggest badass
care that scrolled up I'm assuming
you're talking about Jason Voorhees and
you might have a point I don't know if a
monster good hey guys why not that could
be a badass yeah yeah yeah let's give up
on this we don't need this I did not
want to eat that gosh darn it oh now my
stand-up timer is going off by the way
now the standard timer is going off all
right yeah let's keep moving let's keep
I think ash might be too silly to be a
badass yeah he's a reactionary he's not
necessarily a badass
this is comic books but the saint of
killers that's badass
Judge Dredd is a badass Dredd is a
badass 100% oh there are jumpy moves I
did not know that
meet
neat
saint of killers might be the most
badass character ever
he killed the fucking devil just for
looking at him funny and this is true
this is very true he died and went to
hell and his heart was so cold that hell
froze over yeah yeah
Oh poison sorry okay
poison sorry I'm okay poison sorry
real talk
when I think of badasses and movies I
think of Linda Linda Hamilton and her
angry pull-ups in t2
I will now accept your ridicule no
ridicule Linda Hamilton is a fuckin
badass in t 200 100% badass the baddest
of asses in fact she's a bigger badass
than the Arabs portion eager because
he's just a robot following programming
right he's the real deal motherfucker
fuck fuck fuck
that was dumb of me but she's also
insane aunty - you're being insane does
not preclude you from being a badass
that is is I think are usually insane to
some some degree they kind of have to be
the kind that's that's yeah I'm fine
with that
Indiana Jones is the ultimate badass not
at all not at all Indiana Jones is
extremely likable extremely fun you can
root for Indiana Jones but he's not a
badass James Bond is a badass sure sure
what fuck fuck he had him he had a
bigger attack he had a bigger attack
than I was expecting
Indiana Jones gets bested in small ways
too often to be a badass right he
doesn't have the gun oh shit that's not
a badass thing to happen no you don't
reach for your gun and it's not there
you know like I love Chris Pratt and all
the stuff he does he will never be a bad
no no he will never be a badass and
that's okay he doesn't have to be thank
you sir jet woof no Linda Hamilton's a
bigger badass than Indiana Jones I think
that's why he's badass he is likable and
can get rough and kill people with a gun
being likable as part of what precludes
badassness yes badasses are a little bit
scary badasses aren't friendly they're a
little bit mentally unstable did we just
have this conversation everyone is a
little bit afraid of the badass yes
everyone The Punisher from daredevil
season 2 yes John McClane no to label
too likeable he's borderline okay Morgan
borderline pet the bride is a badass yes
the bride is a badass is a motherfucking
badass oh shit
red it's getting oh another monkey
monkey boss come on give us
Snake Plissken is totally a badass yep
nice nice job nice job everybody
capital capital work Oh we'll read
things what does red things mean bad
things mean bad guys are coming Oh
Magnus what are you doing
nice okay I need some help
no yes Marvin s'en city is a badass
there we go
Samuel Jackson and just about everything
he's been in has been a badass yep
so you don't don't mistake being badass
for just being formidable Jones is good
of what it does a little bit silly yeah
Oh badass is as much like an attitude as
being good at what you do like you know
spider-man yes
active crime fighter you beat the shit
out of people not badass right right if
by the way that's excellent test yeah
excellent example Superman not a badass
Batman badass yet Superman can kick
Batman's ass the attitudes part of it
absolutely
oh shit shit look at this thing shit sir
Cerie chin what are you doing
so a badass has to be willing to do bad
things without giving a shit kinda yeah
badass doesn't just mean tough yeah
right right yeah there's an attitude
Thanks
a badass can be good or evil absolutely
fuckin actually I'm okay with that
Magnus you now I have more I have more
help than I did before I got very dark
in here
shit shit run away I think we should
think about calling the some time
relatively soon okay I know you're doing
really good I don't want to be a
complete jerk you just tell me man what
time I got it's 1040 1040 yeah all right
we'll see I mean well a couple more
minutes here but and I just died that's
two times I died in a row so heads up
Magnus and Sarah Chen we will be calling
it maybe five more minutes five more
minutes let's get a little reckless
people just see what we can do what
villain is a badass Deathstroke that
strokes a bit of a badass
like villains a badass well you already
talked about how the Punishers baddest I
know he's not a villain yeah he's
villain esque
come on guys we're pushing through push
it through time limit time limit see if
we can get to the end of this level we
spend too much time we spend too much
time fucking around with those fire guns
which were awesome shit oh what's his
name I guess not Justin Total Recall but
every movie he's ever been in Michael
Ironside Sabinas and he's played both
heroes and villains yes yes that's true
alright pushing through welcome to the
party what was his name
Richter when his arm gets torn off by
the elevator know what a recall I can't
think of his name god damn it
but that's a villain who was a badass
Clint from Jaws yeah yeah it was Richter
alright I was right good that's right
this way to glory come on guys we got to
finish the level I want to finish the
level I want to end it on our terms
Clara's Boddicker yep
Legolas the goals
well the heroes competent quiet
confidence those are badass qualities
all right you know he didn't quite have
the menacing on but you don't have to be
menacing to be badass I would I would
say I would call the goals a badass all
right I guess yeah I'll give it to ya
I'll give it to the girls sorry Jen
sorry Jen oh shit oh fuck I'm gonna die
now resurrecting your ass sorry
dammit dammit shit that was my mistake
that was absolutely my mistake
no don't don't don't fall into my
mistake shit get out of here
get out of here no the Borger not badass
the Borg are like robots
that's a street shark also fuck this
might be it
this might be it Magnus's our only hope
say the Undertaker in suburban commando
I'd say the Undertaker in general yeah
it's kind of missionary yeah
Worf gets beat up too much to be a
badass they did war for disservice by
having him get his ass kicked all the
time worst purpose was to show how tough
the bad guy of the week was when he
easily took out Wharf which cumulatively
had the effect of weakening weakening
Worf did it kinda just turn Worf into a
sad sack cards always telling him no
when he wants to blow up the enemy ships
and then the monster throws him across
the room the end of fact not a badass
not at all work was defeated by cargo
yes yes he was a thing fell on him and
broke his back in one episodes and
because he's a Klingon and he was
paralyzed he wanted to kill himself rich
realistically I think his son Alex was
supposed to do it or what was Alexander
yeah you wouldn't he wanted Riker to do
it but Riker refused him according to
the actual Klingon tradition has to be
your son wanted you know what an
Alexander do you know realistically
stabbed his father Alexander is more
nerd than Klingon
sisqó badass yeah Cisco is a badass from
deep space 9
Cisco's a badass all right we're doing a
case we're doing it
push through Power Board Sal evolve
nice nice Garak no he's an interesting
damn find villain but his methods are
rely upon like political manipulation
for him to be a badass yeah he sounds
like a pussy
okay wait am i confusing Garak with Oh
God
it's parallel offices I've watched my
ds9 Derek was the tailor right who was
actually secretly oh I'm getting my I'm
getting my deep space nine characters
confused
Caldecott is who I'm thinking about I
thought you're talking about gold a cop
I thought you're calling gold ikata
badass Garrett might be a badass
I might go along with that I thought
yeah I totally got a fuse with gold a
cop yeah
I see you Sara Jen I'll see ya
sorry she's still after me
fuck Oh
Magnus your only hope now well I think
of Deep Space nine it's good it's
definitely better than Voyager you can
easily make the argument though that
it's anti Trek
if messages are all like the opposite
done oh my head yeah TNG in classic Trek
it's all about you know hope humanity's
gonna do good for itself when we're
gonna we're gonna spread peace and our
message of peace is going to conquer all
we've we've gotten rid of our
superstition and science has saved our
species and Deep Space nine everything's
horrible war is inedible nobody can get
along our efforts at peace have failed
and only the gods can save us
that's Deep Space nine only the gods can
save us not true the wormhole gods yeah
oh shit it's up to me now
you can make that argument for the
movies too you can but then again I'm
not a big fan of the movies so gonna
make him run over the spikes nice nice
spikes
Yeah right on with the spikes
fuck
come on sorry I got one of them my cheap
ass weapon this is it
once we beat these guys I'm pretty sure
we're at the end of the level uh Cthulhu
was beyond badass and he is just a force
of nature
yeah you can't call a force of nature
badass
nice Cerie china rescue me
Thank You Cerie chen my savior yet again
okay
magnet should be up on his way up I see
him coming alright here it is
I've been to Star Trek conventions with
Mike I've been to one once with Mike
that was specifically a Star Trek
convention and that's just a you know
whatever nerd thing convention sure
Harry Kim was one of the guests Wow I
can't remember his real damn name but
the tragedy of Harry Kim is that in real
life the actor actually has charisma oh
yeah that is a tragedy yeah yeah so he's
really interesting to listen to how did
the writers not do anything with this
Garrett Wang okay yeah where we had what
tips
crocodile brain says having spent the
last three hours sweating my balls off
trying to assemble furniture let me just
say thank you for being so entertaining
as always love the Mega Man episode keep
up the good work thank you thank you
very much glad you enjoyed the knot Mega
Man episode and Jack is very busy so I'm
not going to address any questions to
him right now
filmmaker freak says you know what I'm
just gonna be quiet Oh
mega says live never mind I thought they
were both down I thought was just you
I'm keep reading that filmmaker freak
says hello my name is rich and I believe
the new girl ghostbusters are the real
badasses and the best busters of ghosts
there's a free country sir and you are
allowed to believe whatever you wish no
matter how stupid and wrong it is
okay yeah we're doing it fucking doing
it all right where we going where we
going where we going this way I'm not
fighting you how renegade Kira I I so
want to respond and elaborate on that
because you're totally right but
spoilers Wednesday is it it's even worse
than you say it is come back Wednesday I
know no I know we just want to finish
this level this looks like this looks
like end territory
like fuck we gotta go we gotta go
to the game break oh no there goes Sarah
Jane you can do it defeat the gorilla
defeat the gorilla oh we made it so far
we made it so so far look at that look
at all ah some what we did we did so
well
Sarah Chen Magnus good job good job
that was a death oh fuck that was a good
run that was a that was a good run
everybody so sorry rich oh not a super
big deal
good
good job guys the end by the way thank
you for joining me because I can't
imagine I would have made it half half
that distance half I mean across what
did I make it one level myself oh yeah
alright please do a subscriber think
this is us thanking everyone who
subscribed to us during our stream like
Mario Mario 42 who has subscribed to us
for 25 fucking months in a row
and it wants us to bring back our beer
emoticon mister shy smile everyone knows
mr. shy smile 21 fucking months in a row
god damn it and he says oh my god also
slashed from ducktales 21 fucking months
in a row you you people are amazing
three style Panda uncool eight man the
three of you subscribed together also 21
fucking months in a row I'm cruel a man
says without spoiling the movie could
rich tell us whether there are any there
is any ghost busting in the ghost but
new Ghostbusters movie rich do they bust
any ghosts great it's a spoiler it's a
spoiler territory what all right there
you go we're gonna talk about anyone say
no was it the Dax 18 months in a row
thank you for the entertainment during
dark times you are the highlight of my
day well thank you for watching today ex
we appreciate that Stu 91 14 months in a
row just this guy you know 19 months in
a row next stop fucking pterosaur hey
you're almost there base camo 22 months
in a row 22 fucking months in a row in
fact yeah and they say
urban fairman
it's urban Romans nine-month anniversary
it says every German dr. gunther von -
hey Kerr says I don't know hmm scroll it
over scroll it over what a snob casual
horse casual horse says you hacks got me
hooked on FTL X come and X come - thanks
you're welcome
don't hey don't thank us thanks thank
the makers of those fine fine games
fleshy patch 22 fucking months in a row
you have been recruited by you have been
recruited by the star league to defend
the frontier against xur and the ko-dan
armada i get a reference Jack do you get
reference probably not because of her
mild age difference probably just enough
yeah The Last Starfighter
I've seen it I had I need to be watch it
yeah I remember being good though so
first like it's the first movie this is
like interesting trivia to actually try
and pass off CGI as a real thing like
Tron I think had CGI first but it was
done there it's in a computer it's not
the real world I think I think last
starfighter was first one to try and
they have CGI as something in the real
world and for it's time for it's time it
looks pretty damn good yeah
sabore e HK 18 months in a row Watts
spine at three one five glad to be here
berserk heart Chernobyl kinsmen fifteen
months in a row nasty flat top ramens 17
months in a row when is the ghostbusters
half in the bag coming out I'm sure as
soon
as we're done editing it's probably
tomorrow you're gonna get it you're
gonna get it half hot off the fucking
press I'll tell you that
hums the frosh humza frosh I remember
how to pronounce that huggsy frosh says
yeehaw taco so in tuesday's crocodile
brain for 21 fucking months in a row
crocodile brain says yeah where is the
Danish chicks and cream soda probably
probably worse where's where are the
Danish chicks in the Dane when words
ding what is what what country is that
Denmark Denmark the Danish Demark okay
why aren't they the Denmark ish because
that's being dumb
the so confused that's so needlessly
confusing Jack sorry
you're we're how do you get dick from
Richard I don't know you ask politely
goodbye everyone
I wasn't that the last one I'm sorry I'm
I don't think I have I think people have
been just too polite to say that take
another one to me because my name is
Richard thanks for 18 months in a row
worth every penny mr. Berger 69 this is
a weird one 3 style Panda and then under
that 3 style Panda three months in a row
and four months in a row same name what
are to the other it's got to be some got
a weird glitch right very strange
yeah very strange haps 78 space Jack
2084 if prereq was food i would not be
hungry but i am think you think about
everybody
to think about that skeleton bill says
thank you HEC fro or thank you frauds
and aahs Mike 18 months in a row love it
guys but kill the overlay please it's
too clumsy and drops me out of the
viewing experience sorry
well how much longer you wanna go before
we all get together and have a
conversation and uh a vote you just
don't want to do a gradient change right
oh I do I keep forgetting you for the
next dream you get us the most final
perfect version of the overlay
okay so here's here's I'll do next dream
final version perfect version of the
grading then on Sunday we will have our
final vote okay we will have a final
vote for the gradient therefore the
overlay 11-11 overlay referendum yeah
and just like the UK if we disagree with
the outcome we'll just ignore it all
this solve a because because oh god they
actually voted to leave that was really
dumb we didn't think that would happen
um um oh my god maybe maybe yeah
