Episode 604
BOOring (GhostControl Inc. Part 1)
August 14, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W51qOKRoKZo
___________________________________________

I did Oh crotch is like it's like they
can think about it because it's just
below free Jack just raised the camera
so you couldn't see his crotch
yeah I wanted to get my crotch it is
because because well I'm sitting in that
spot and the camera is wide zoom Xin on
my crotch but because I want to sitting
there yes stop it adjust the camera
first I know what the people want they
want Evans crotch
Evans crunch I don't know you know what
you drew I can't deny that
Evans crotch which is a slightly better
name than trumpets trumpets that's Trump
and his running mate ja pense okay okay
TP oh yeah Oh how's everybody doing we
already know what you're gonna ask about
Ghostbusters Ghostbusters Ghostbusters
fuckin shut up feminism MREs
conspiracies man children mansplaining
Leslie Jones Twitter and cultural
appropriation ghostbusters ghostbusters
ghostbusters
that's the end of her ghostbusters
discussion shitstorm shitstorm shitstorm
shitstorm I am so tired of everything
surrounding this ghost but that doesn't
mean I was perfectly willing to talk
about the finer nuances of the movie
itself may have a day and then the
Leslie Jones Twitter grab fucking shit
makes you hate everybody doesn't what
the fuck wants to take their socks off
and step into that refresh once they
have anything to do with this fucking
film yeah
it's the most fun it's the most
unpleasant thing yeah yeah it's it sucks
to you because it's like I stand by
everything we said in a review of course
cuz it's a shitty movie but now it's
just like there's so much negativity
surrounding it from all sides
surrounding it you're just like what is
wrong with the world you know like I
didn't feel like I don't think it was
like the movie itself which I took
special time out of my day to see it cuz
rich wanted me to see it so we can talk
about it no thank you rich
[Laughter]
we're gonna see you had to have been at
least interested my mother did get me a
little interested and you know me and
Lisa went it was a nice early morning
showing and there was a little boy
actually there in the theater with us
just by himself
no I with his mom and he was wearing
like a Ghostbusters jumpsuit you did not
bring your boys I did not bring my boys
because I wasn't sure about the language
its pg-13 so you never know and you know
whatever but there was a little boy
there he's like four or five year old
kid with his mom and at the end of the
movie she apologized to us because
apparently he was talking to the home of
we didn't hear I think I say you Paulie
apologized to the kid I'm so sorry we
thought it'd be better Ghostbusters was
much different apparently according to
the mom we chatted for a little bit
afterwards she's like Oh his father has
shown him the first Ghostbusters so many
times he loves it so much he was so
excited to see this movie so I'm so
excited I'm so sorry that he talked
during the whole thing and we said oh we
didn't hear anything and we started
talking to the kid like what you think
he's like I was funny I like the
balloons okay so like for a kid like
that it's like okay it's fine and he's
like but I I like the I like the ghosts
better in the first movie as well oh
yeah and I was like yeah that's pretty
cool
yeah that's pretty cool a small child
understands practical effects like not
not intellectually but can see it and be
like I like the look of this more any
that these are actually spooky yeah yeah
that's actually exactly what he said
he's like the the ghosts were a little
scarier in the first one so I thought
they were cooler and I was like yeah
that kid gets it but like I don't think
it was pixels level bad like I didn't
feel sad cuz we all saw pixels together
and is right I just felt both pixels has
said specifically because of Adam
Sandler right if you were to replace
them with just generic comedy actor it
would be about on the saga
there's the thing that I think the
effects in pixels were probably better
at least stylistically stylistically the
glowing pixel monsters they were
supposed to become were more interesting
than the CGI
what was that RL Stein books goosebumps
yeah some people compare them to the
scooby-doo movies yeah yes no I got the
second scooby-doo movie that's called
monsters unleashed is that the one with
all the monsters
Lisa Lisa was a little more kind to it
but agreed that it's it's an overall bad
movie yeah yeah made me love her of
course she she came up with we were
discussing it afterwards and we were
just trying to figure out like it's not
good it's not good it's not a good movie
well I don't I don't think it's a huge
pile of garbage it's a small pile of
garbage
you know what it's like that's what it
is but uh she you know we were just so
we were trying to figure out like what
what's the main problem with it was and
she's like she just kept saying like
like the first Ghostbusters they didn't
really have any jokes right
they were just characters and these
ladies kept trying to tell jokes yeah
the humor in the first movie is
situational and driven by just the
characters being themselves right it's
it's it's like Three Stooges film or a
Marx Brothers Marx Brothers is more
appropriate Marx yeah because the
dialogue but I mean well I'm like when
they're trash on the Slimer ballroom you
know but the hours are still standing
like that's very marx brothers reminding
me a mark here here are these
interesting people and let's put them in
this interesting situation right right
it didn't even have to be ghostbusting
it could've been those same characters
in our other wacky situations starting a
more mundane business together it still
would have been funny yeah yeah and and
here you have scenes in which people
stand still in a room and attempt static
shots that are awkwardly cut together to
splice together all the random bits of
improv something Lisa really wants to do
is she wants to rewatch the first one to
count how many time the ghostbusters
stand in the line and watch something
that was her big observation she goes
how many times did those four ladies
stand in a line and fucking just watch
something that happens way too much in
the new Ghostbusters movie so I was
thinking about this today too
like another problem the new one is
suggested it lacks any sort of vision
or anyone controlling what's happening
like Kate McKinnon is you know off the
hook doing whatever she wants there's no
vision to the movie it is just spliced
together improv and shit yeah and as I
was thinking of the original and it's
like cuz the original is you know Bill
Murray's doing whatever the fuck he
wants it's still a similar situation
yeah but you have Ivan Reitman kind of
with a vision to mold everything yeah
yeah and the new one doesn't have that
yeah well there's no chemistry and
there's no chemistry between Kate
McKinnon everyone likes her the best
she's wacky yeah but she says wacky
thinks at what point did she ever ever
have an interesting interaction with
another character in the film no just
off to the side characters doing
something then they cut to her and she
says wacky goofy thing I said Lee you're
unrelated no you know what I
I liked her speech at the end were bad
that should have come much earlier oh so
you have some reason to give a shit but
like finally I said to myself oh I get
what her character is supposed to be now
yeah now that the movies over no but I
liked that speech if you just move that
maybe maybe like I don't know when we
you know like or something before the
beginning of the third act
sure yeah we're coming together as a
team the action finale because
Ghostbusters is an action franchise the
dumbest thing there there is there's a
dumb thing in this movie Jan that I
believe transcends the dumbest dumbest
thing in the movie it's no longer dumb
in just the movie it's dumb in the world
at large rich and I were talking about
this earlier what is happening rich is
going to do something on Prop common
I'll demonstrate what's dog at the the
ending action scene okay
for some reason they have decided that
the best way to deal with ghosts is with
kung fu move oh yeah they're flipping
around and they they pick up a ghost and
they throw it at like a wall yeah
because that will hurt
ghosts oh my like the wood chipper thing
or it's like what happens to the ghosts
after that does it did it died how do
you how does a ghost die are you killing
a goat is that a thing you can do and if
you are if that is a thing you can do
you got a stab
that shit wouldn't that be great but
then they're not really catching ghosts
and the entire reason that this
franchise exists is just out the window
oh my god there's a hat I'm gonna beat
up that hat whoa that you taught that
had a lesson he's not gonna be back for
more that was the dumbest fucking thing
it reminded me a lot of bad 80s action
movies when a kid let your heroes like
surrounded by villains but they come at
him one at a time so we can fight him
individually cuz there's thousands of
ghosts everywhere
in this movie and they're just like one
at a time flipping around ya know it's
it's it's just it's such a weak movie
yeah and then I went in actually with
slight optimism because I think the
people in it are funny I wouldn't with
more optimism once I saw the it was
getting decent reviews yeah I didn't
read the reviews but I saw like Rotten
Tomatoes scores I go maybe it'll at
least be funny but that's all I was
hoping man you know one first joke in
the movie had me laughing which one was
that remember why is that the tour guide
the tour guide anti-virus or whatever
this house has the latest technology
including this this and an anti Irishmen
fence it's a fun joke that's that's when
I knew they didn't understand the tone
of the original which would be fine
it can establish its own tone it never
does the ghost busters themselves are
the wacky ones the world is pretty much
the real world right and the ghosts are
their scary ghosts oh sure but if you
look at this movie is trying to be its
own thing
separate from ghostbusters this is dumb
wacky comedy nothing but it's not funny
that's the problem
this is the real thing and then there's
like most modern comedies I'm not gonna
play this game jack is he was supposed
to play this game but he's just been
sitting here while we've been talking
that's why I assumed Richard play first
because he's already talked about
Ghostbusters oh sure well I I can talk
and play at the same time I'm listening
now guy while I play I mean what more is
there to say yeah just get out of the
way hey the only thing they mentioned
that got
cut out of our discussion was the
because a lot of people are saying the
movies anti men and there definitely is
an undercurrent of that and it's like
there's a mean-spiritedness to it where
you have your villain it's like you
mentioned he's like a nerdy west anti
men in general that it is anti-nerd yeah
that's that's what I was gonna say is
that it I don't really see it as anti
men so much as anti fanboy yeah yeah
anti people that sure that like this
type of movie but to the point where
this is what bothered me is the the
spoilers the Rowen villain character he
kills himself like you know before third
act I could come back as a ghost and
they're like laughing about the fact
that this nerd killed himself and then
during the N climax they're calling him
like a stupid virgin and it's like this
is this is so mean yeah you know I mean
I realize he's the villain and he's an
evil character but just like why is he
evil this undercurrent oh because he's
the bad guy
he had more motivation than Lex Luthor
did that's true it was it was the
problem is not interesting as a villain
boom but but yeah just this like like I
don't know that whole like ha ha like
especially for a movie were the people
behind it or complaining about online
bullies and in their movie they're like
laughing about the fact that this guy
killed himself
it's like cuz that's such a common like
troll thing is to tell people to kill
yourself right so that I thought was
off-putting I I when I first saw who the
villain was the the guy the the nerd guy
and in the in the beginning of the movie
you know like they put up videos on
youtubes and they had they have a
specific like oh don't read the comment
section and that I thought they were
going to kind of use this whole like men
don't think we can do it so let's prove
him wrong aspect as like an undercurrent
in the movie and I thought oh that could
be a really interesting angle it's it's
sort of in there it's well but it's done
in the most regressive and stupid way
that's like they'd never like proved
themselves in the movie they just shot a
ghost in the dick they never did
actually it took it took a complete
coincidence for them
to win the day the the the slime alert
is a Slimer in the ecto-1 showed up if
he had to showed up they would have all
been fucked just by complete chance oh
yeah so they don't they don't
successfully catch a single goes well
there is female climber in there - who's
driving the car that's right why is
rowing a super ghost that can control
everyone yeah I don't know he was like I
putting the spells or something had all
the things and the thing that's fine
that's that eyes like like it doesn't
make any sense
he had like books of shit meets ed stuff
but how can he can just control the
entire army oh the army there are no
there's no reason you should control the
other that's what I'm saying he can do
anything at the end and why does he do
the whole choose the form of your
destruction because that's I remember
that because you remember it but it
doesn't make like why does he do that it
doesn't make any sense nothing makes any
sons what gives him the power to do that
yeah
no no and that's why there's some people
they're like well at least it's better
than ghostbusters 2 is like at least
ghostbusters students have had an
interesting villain the first half of
ghostbusters 2 is pretty great yeah and
so it is those characters being those
caring ride yeah but at least in the
second half there's some interesting
stuff with the villain there's like an
interesting backstory need something
supernatural it's not just my knee nerd
man is the villain you know it could
have worked that like the whining near
man could have worked and it could have
turned looking led to something bigger
like there's the nerdy what's-his-face
in the second movie the Janos oh yeah
like it starts with him and he's sort of
the one that ushers in this larger
threat right you know do something like
that instead of just the Rouen
characters the villain the whole way
through even though he's just a dude
because we're the real villains he's
just a dude that somehow others are the
real villain see somehow understands the
book that they wrote better than they do
I just sort of weird the Ghostbusters in
this movie are kind of incompetent they
don't catch one go so you don't catch a
single ghosts there's there they require
Slimer to just coincidentally save the
day at the end
and someone else understands the book
they wrote better than they do women am
i right yeah I don't know anything to
say about ghostbusters Chan speak now
forever hold your peace I don't want to
talk about the shit I we on my laptop
with like our donations and stuff
decided to do an update right before the
stream okay so fuck you I see someone
mentioning something about Paul Feig in
the chat and I've seen people commenting
they're like making fun of the way he
dresses like that's one of his best
attribute yeah yeah dapper fellow it's
very dapper good for know that's fine
yeah that's fine sam raimi also goes to
direct everyday wearing a suit that's
fine that's fine
sure because they're mad and then they
want to hate on every single thing no
hate on him for a shitty directing yeah
man he made a stinker yeah to be fair he
did poke the hornet's nest well yeah
there's no that whole situation such a
mess and that's one thing that's
disappointing too is like like I said I
stand by everything we said in her
review but it's a little disheartening
when you see comments from people that
like on ironically use words like
feminazi but now think we're on their
side I know that's why I don't want to
put my bare foot in that shit it's like
I I'm not on anybody's side
fuck all of you you're all monsters they
deserve each other
so we have not uh I've not read yeah I
think it's was the the first tip is did
it was based on the cartoon was the
question well do you think the new movie
is based off of the cartoon at all
probably not cartoon had like a whole
mythos to it and cartoon would it be
like a sequel you sure about the Real
Ghostbusters cartoon yeah well that was
based off of the movies right the first
movie I think we've asked any of these
actually
do what you want oh my god right I'm
gonna I gotta bust some ghosts you're
playing not Ghostbusters I'm playing
ghost control Inc a little turn-based
strategy as you see here and a little is
this a new game I'd actually think it
came out last year I have no idea
where's the keyboard oh um oh fuck Jesus
Christ he broke it I know I broke
everything I break everything it doesn't
use the XCOM keys
I want to spin the camera seed Andy
check I was not drinking vodka oh yeah
that was kind of about that yeah mine
was full of just ecto cooler
there's jump cuts in the editing to
condense time because we spent a lot of
time setting that up that vodka by the
way we're not endorsed by Danny Aykroyd
but I was some good vodka we were
enjoying that vodka isn't there so
special about that vodka like it's a
super smooth that's missing all I know
is what he said on the Larry King
interview well I'm just crazy like
beliefs involved here - I feel like
purified by crystals oh yeah something
like that
magic crystals magic crystal power of
magic crystals magic crystals I'm Kenny
powerses hey motherfucker Jay you know
me Kenny fucking powers my question to
you is have you or will you view the
nice guys by Shane Black I would like to
I missed it when it was in theaters but
I really want to I like that Shane black
fucking hell man that's a reboot I'm
looking forward to is the predator movie
yeah he dragged Fred Decker out of
obscurity co-write it with him reboot or
a sequel I think it's technically a
sequel but when in this much time has
passed that's just a reboot well they're
just gonna call it predator I'm sure
Fred udders wasn't that long ago was it
no there was no no no five six seven
years ago yeah not too long but it
wasn't like a big hit no I thought it
was okay I kind of liked it not a lot of
people did though telegin says can you
guys just talk about the Ghostbusters
1975 instead I've never seen it I've
never seen the cartoon version of it or
the live actress
but a minute of it on the youtubes it
was just it wasn't children so it was a
live-action kids show yeah and that's
the reason they had to call the
Ghostbusters cartoon based on the movie
the Real Ghostbusters right yeah because
there was some sort of legal yeah well
here's I know they almost didn't call
the movie ghostbusters because of that
somebody else had the rights but they
worked something out I don't know what
the deal was okay but they were able to
call the movie ghostbusters but they
could have loved the cartoon yeah and
then the people who own the 1975
Ghostbusters came out with a cartoon
based on that after the success of that
was just yeah for the success of the
first movie that was called go the
Ghostbusters because they have the
rights to it yeah what a mess
yeah yeah cuz I remember that cartoon
came out it was excited about a new
Ghostbusters cartoon it was like that's
not that Ghostbusters I monkey what
monkey driving a Model T where are the
proton packs Turla wise says two best
movies from 2016 green room and Swiss
Army man the ladder is ridiculous but
oddly heartwarming as it aside Jay I
want to see the Swiss Army man I too
caught Jay Carpenter in concert what an
amazing show did you get were you at the
Chicago one whoever asked that I was it
it was so fucking awesome it was great
on multiple levels like one I loved his
music
so just seen him play it live it was
just a great concert how does this music
work outside of a film score because I
want to think of his music I think of
like basic and repetitive but it works
under under the action I mean it's it's
changed up a little bit for life and he
has a full band with him he's got three
guitar players and a drummer yeah so
it's a little more rocking okay so the
music was awesome and then he played a
couple tracks from his albums too that
weren't film scores so it's just a great
concert and we were right up front which
was great like directly up front but
also he has a giant screen behind him
Sony's playing the themes there's clips
from the movie plane so and it covered
everything like even his lesser movies
like in the mouth of madness and
Christine and stuff so it also worked as
just the celebration it isn't
your career and he was up there with his
two kids and he looked like he was
having so much fucking fun
he was like pointing at his kids and he
just seems so like happy to be there and
he's been miserable and grumpy for the
last 20 years and he was like dancing
around he's doing this lame old man
dance it was the best thing it was such
a great concert and the lighting was
awesome they had different like colored
lights that would play it you know shine
for different songs when he did the
themed of the fog it was all green light
and they had fog come out onstage it was
it was awesome it was it was a lot of
fun and I'm really glad I went
cuz I doubt he'll ever do it again and
you just went to the one you didn't you
I didn't go to Milwaukee Milwaukee yeah
double dipped I could've but I didn't
not reading comments about the whole
Leslie Jones shitstorm great everyone
sucks
everyone's a comment on it is everyone
sucks
people are Dickens yes that's usually
our number one rule don't be a dickhead
yeah that's the rule that the Internet
as a whole is constantly violating
everyone all the time not being a
dickhead all the time
anonymous is to be read with moderate
rhythm and I can't do that because I
have no rhythm yeah
doom is my canvas and I paint it with
death Jay the Scientologist is high on
meth l ron Hubbard in the house tonight
dishing out the law like Phoenix Wright
objection okay I think I did okay
something something hang out to dry I
did an objection punctuation see yeah we
gotta I gotta buy some weapons a ghost
be gone this year just the sky you
notices can't watch the stream tonight I
must want I must watch as much as much
stranger things as possible before I
pass out we'll catch up tomorrow so
please everyone tell me to get the fuck
back to work yeah the fuck back to work
stranger things you want to get back to
work or do you want to watch stranger
things make up your mind man maybe he's
doing a review of stranger things have
you ever thought about that maybe I'm
not mad motherfucker I didn't I didn't I
didn't think about this so that's the
thing I'd rather talk about than
ghostbusters changes things is so good
someone the only thing I know about
stranger things is that I should watch
stranger things all right imagine if
that's all I've ever everyone makes the
same point of comparisons for it it's
Stephen King and Steven Spielberg had a
baby and then and then John Carpenter
cut the umbilical cord sounds great yeah
yeah early Spielberg meets Stephen King
with a score by John Carpenter nice a
little bit of HP Lovecraft in there
although what episode are you on i am i
think i'm a halfway point i just
finished episode four so you haven't got
leaves no spoilers okay i will not say
any more then but no stranger things i
watched the whole thing over the course
of like maybe two and a half days
watching it in chunks and i i really
really loved it the the the the the
title the title intro i was told this
thing at verse ten minutes of the show
the first episode there's the lead up
and then it cuts to those titles and i
was like I'm in this is great i love the
look of it i love the sound the score i
think the kids are fantastic it's it's
start the kids are the leads and they're
like classic 80s kids where they're like
The Goonies where they're swearing and
they're not like sanitized modern kids
in movies I'll say this because of the
Stephen King influence it's influenced
by Stephen King and an unfortunate that
also means it has his pacing well its
series it's serious it's been very slow
to get going I didn't I don't know I
guess I was liking the character so much
I didn't feel it it's being slow the the
sense of nostalgia I got from it has
kept me going to where I am now and it's
starting to get good I would say yeah
they said four it's starting to get good
now yeah took a long time to get there
for me I didn't feel the first
half-dragged but I guess I can see that
I was just in love with everything about
the way it looks and yeah I didn't think
the nostalgic elements were too
overbearing
didn't feel like it was pandering is
just like whoever made this they these
are the things they love so I didn't
I've heard some people complain about it
feeling kind of pandering nostalgia
pandering and I didn't get that
impression I felt like it was coming
from a genuine place
we're known a rider though sucks what
and I must be alone a baby I've heard so
many people she's fucking crazy I posted
that on Twitter the other day I was like
I love the show but she's shrill and
unconvincing and everyone was like
attacking me I think she's like
something out of a student film
she's a half-crazed mother I guess she's
nailing it I don't buy her in that at
all though I think she is so annoying
and I'm apparently alone in this but I I
do not like her
she is the weak point completely alone
because I was just about to praise that
her I worked in the film a lot of r2 and
I decide to not buy her in that role at
all you know why because you're used to
thinking of her as a teenage girl
because we grew up with Winona Ryder and
this this this series is making me feel
incredibly old it takes place in 1983
just when I was growing up sharing and
like how different things are now yeah
like like like sing wall-mounted phones
and she has to keep buying because it
keeps getting zapped feel sold
look at those TVs I feel so oh no no
writer I'm like I'm I still remember her
from beetles you she's a kid yeah she's
she's she's barely not a child in
beetlejuice and now she's playing a
middle-aged mother of a teenage boy yeah
God am i old well not a teenage boy
she's a little younger than that though
I guess the only older teenager that's
right I was thinking that the little kid
yeah no I don't think it has anything to
do with her and like I'm thinking of her
from other roles I just don't like her
off that show it's not a deal-breaker
but I have not she's not convincing to
me in that part but yes jack you need to
get on it I I spent my time watching
ghostbusters you made you made the wrong
choice because rich said hey we should
talk about ghostbusters on Wednesday I
said all right I guess I'll go see
Ghostbusters and
just a matter of a couple of days no one
wants to talk about Ghostbusters anymore
because it's just oh this is something I
want public knowledge I got here at the
studio and rich goes I'm not sure I'm
feeling up to watching Ghostbusters ever
did you did you see stranger things well
now that you've watched it you can watch
stranger things the cool thing is that
there's so many people that seem to
really be into stranger things it's one
of those things that feels so specific
like it would maybe be like a cult thing
or have a cult following but everybody's
talking about it and everybody seems to
really like it which is neat I'm
enjoying it it took me a while to truly
enjoy it for more than this give me some
nostalgic feelings for my childhood
films hmm there's the nostalgia factor I
think the story is interesting and the
nice thing is it's self-contained it's
not a lost situation where they're just
gonna keep introducing new convoluted
shit I think I think the problem for me
is maybe maybe I'm wrong there's there's
like four different like story focuses
you get the kids oh yeah the girl you've
got the the cop doing the investigation
you got the grieving mother and then
you've got the two teenage kids who are
investigating the other disappearance it
all comes together nicely I'm sure it's
all gonna come together but right now
it's like four different kind of
compartmentalized things and they're all
moving slowly I'm wondering if I
wouldn't have liked it better if like
like the first episode focused mostly on
just the kids and the cop and then it
might not have felt like such a long
wind-up I don't know maybe I don't know
I'm still enjoying yeah I would say it
gets a little smoother as it goes along
as far as the cutting between all the
characters because they all start to
interconnect a lot more as it goes along
I really like the little girl playing
eleven I think she's really shit you
probably even gotten to where she starts
to get really interesting but I think
she's pretty good as far as acting goes
one small boss talking about the road
warrior brigands I was talking about
that in the chat the other night
says that movie inspired me to get a
cattle dog for myself what do you think
about a review of the original predator
when the new one comes out oh sure
everybody loves predator I have a
feeling we might run into and just weird
we did a review for the road warrior and
I'm editing that right now and then when
I don't want to fully say that doesn't
matter but I have a feeling predator
might be a similar situation where it's
just there's only so many ways you can
say it's awesome
yeah there's maybe a little more -
predator then there is the road warrior
right I'm sure will do it I don't know I
think predator is less interesting the
road warrior all around hmm nothing
that's bad yeah clarify that I'm sure we
can find some things to talk about I'm
probably not I probably wouldn't be good
for that episode then I'm not I got a
super huge predator fan oh really yeah
get on this I don't hate it this is
difference between not loving and hating
there isn't rich have you been on the
internet lately but there's difference
between not loving and hating but the
fact that you don't love it concerns me
predator is up there predators from one
of the best 80s action movie oh I'll
have to re-watch it it's been a long
time yeah I have a bit of a soft spot
for predator 2 I know a lot of people
don't like that one it's goofy but I
like the second one Danny Glover is just
terrible in it as an actor he's just bad
in it but Gary Busey is crazy in it
which is fun I heard that's the first
movie he did after his accident - Gary
Busey yeah was it after his accident
really I heard I was I just weird we're
talking about predator because I was
just watching stuff on YouTube and I was
watching something about predator - hmm
and they said it was like his first film
after a two-year absence because of an
accident oh I was thinking his accident
was much later but I have no idea huh
that's the thing I've listened it was
wrong as possible but I would have to
look into it
it's apparently the first thing they did
after they tried to put his brain back
together poor Gary Busey turtle wisest
sock carpenter in Philly at the Keswick
he played everything in the mouth of
madness was great he was dancing and
having a great time yeah all of the
background cinema and light slash fog
were awesome
exactly Jerry's I agree it was weird too
because there wasn't any sort of you
would think because Halloween is of
course his most well known movie his
most successful movie his most iconic
score you would think he would end the
whole concert with the Halloween theme
he's gonna through it in the middle
there there's no like favoritism his
final song his last song of the Encore
was the theme to Christine which is just
like one of his lesser movies it's a
good movie but it's not like one of his
most memorable themes but he made it
like rockin and awesome such a good show
scabby but Crabbe says OMG it's Jay hey
Jay did you have any interest in the
misfits reunion I didn't know there was
one I've never been a huge misfits fan
there fine
so I guess no not a missus I do wish
there was less CGI and stranger things
the CGI yeah acceptable but some more
practical effects would have been
appreciated still for what they're going
for with the whole eighties thing yeah
fully agreed it's out of place in the
context of what they're doing and it's
obviously not a super high budget show
so it's a little iffy the CG but the
story's interesting and everything else
is well-executed so I can forgive it but
yeah definitely for like a 80s nostalgia
thing some some some rubber suits there
are some rubber suits in there it would
have been fine tire dad says hey guys it
was refreshing and borderline cathartic
to listen to an honest review of
ghostbusters that didn't walk on any
eggshells and looked at the film in
detail thanks you're welcome
it is a little weird to me when I see
comments that are like finally an honest
review assuming that everybody else is
lying because they want to avoid country
see sure some of that's out there but
I'm sure many many people just but ever
ever view and this isn't a slam on
whoever said that because I'm sure
they're being sincere but in general a
review that just sort of validates your
feelings doesn't make it any more honest
than a review that you know there's a
different opinion than you that's true I
wish I could rotate the camera
that being said Disney has bought all of
our reviews for the Marvel films in the
force awakens but so clearly we were
paid off it's so obvious especially our
Civil War review where two of the people
didn't really like it very much
definitely paid off by Disney aimless
coursera
says hey guys in the wake of
ghostbusters I've been thinking about
the prevalence of reboots and remakes
these days what would you say your
favorite reboot or remake is if any the
thing in the fly the two that everybody
goes to cuz they're great I haven't
actually seen the thing I know I should
I know I should say the fly definitely
though is great the 70s invasion of the
body snatchers is pretty great Leonard
Nimoy's in that know there's there's
good remakes the maniac remake which is
only a few years ago I really like that
movie the difference between the good
ones and the bad ones is the intention
behind them being made if there's a
filmmaker that feels like they have
something new to bring to it which is
the case what the good remakes that
everybody mentions like the fly like the
thing but when it's just on to hold on
to a license or just capitalize on a
name brand and there's no sort of vision
behind it it's most likely going to suck
I've never seen the thing because I've
never been an especially big horror fan
and I in my brain and compartmentalized
it as a horror movie and I never stuck
it out and I know now that it's more of
a science fiction film and I
should watch it eventually I will say
I've seen clips online and the effects
are fucking amazing the effects still
hold up because they're executed so
perfectly so much of it is left in
shadow yeah that's one of the best
practical effects movies ever made I'm
interested in the new version of it that
they're doing so many of the chat just
brought that up I don't know if that's
will be considered a remake or just
another adaptation of the book or
whatever but but won't have Tim Curry
that's the one thing is like the the
original it'd I have a soft spot for it
because I watch it a lot as a kid and
it's a very uneven movie and it was a TV
movie so it's not you know it's not
rated R or anything but Tim Curry
performance in that is one of the bests
or villain performances ever but I think
the story has a lot of potential the
problem is even the original book has a
shitty ending because it's written by
Stephen King yeah yeah the TV movie has
a really shitty ending they just like
throw rocks at it it just it just
appears as a giant spider and they just
kind of punch it they no longer fear it
sure but it just appears as a giant
spider but they're afraid of spiders and
that was set up earlier yeah it's weak
it's very weak all Stephen King stories
peddle out that's at least something it
doesn't have the gangbang that happens
in the book and I'm sure that won't be
in the new movie either I doubt they
will do that all the other in the sewer
they're about to face it and and they
just take turns railing on the one girl
they all go at her and that's in the
book there's a reason for it though
right yeah I think their virginity is
important something like that I it's
been a long time since I've never read
it yeah that's what happens just a bunch
of little boys fucking a little girl in
the sewers yeah
I'm utterly uttering I'm assuming that
will not be a part of the new movie
either
I'd be what we more interested in the
new it if they kept the guy that did the
first season of True detective he was
gonna do it and there was some sort of
creative differences so he left so I
don't even know who's directing it now
but I believe it's still gonna be two
movies which makes sense given the
structure of it the blue blazes hey guys
what movie your or game new or old most
exceeded whatever expectations you had
for it all so what is the cut off here
for a review movie I don't think we
really have a cut off year yeah yeah oh
they didn't do him exceeded my
expectations by quite a bit
mmm are you looking forward to that
anyway or was that just sort of like a a
we'll see I was a fan of the classics
and I was reluctant that they would do
it justice trying to think of a movie
that I went in with below expectations
and turned out better I wouldn't I don't
know that my expectations were
rock-bottom I was just kind of leery for
the newer they were cautious you were I
mean no the the new Star Wars I went in
very middle of the road yeah that's a
good example I went to middle the road
though and I came out in middle of the
road sure
yeah I I came out super happy I was yeah
I was more impressed with it than I was
expecting to be on slightly I came out
slightly above middle I went in I wanted
to see I came out like be - that's
something bump for it for you in a
modern movie that's pretty good right is
there a martyr of more contemporary
movie rich besides fury road that you
would say you love mechanic Pixar films
wall-e okay up well he's a good movie I
still never seen up fucking up was
amazing I always hear it's good and I
just never got around to
the first five minutes of up is the most
amazing love story has ever been made I
always hear I feel like it's been
spoiled for me because I've heard about
it so much
big boo-boo this music is getting
annoying we're hearing it a lot you just
walk around um no we're not we're in our
car oh you're the car this reminds me of
the old old old Ghostbusters game at the
computer game cuz you had like a grid
like this and you had to go around the
city the on our grid here you can see
there's other ghostbusters ghost busting
teams Wow
and I can't I can't I don't have any
traps I need to I need to buy more traps
anonymous says I've got idea idea our
Allah our LM should host several
sweepstakes one for wait I got a pop-up
that covered up the message which is uh
no no one for every major holiday the
winner gets to spend the holiday with
one of you ie Christmas with Jack Easter
with Mike Valentine Jay no no no to all
of those that's the the punctuation they
use they just say Valentine G Valentine
J I think because they were so furiously
masturbating they couldn't hit can't
even finish it
focus yeah well the answer's no think
think about this cuz every once in a
while will get someone contacting us
it's like hey can I come hang out with
you for a day imagine a complete
stranger just calling you or emailing
you out of the blue and saying hey want
to hang out hey it worked with max
landis it's complete stranger well
there's there's a little more of a
connection there but just someone you
don't know and have never heard of in
your entire life you don't know anything
about just saying hey let's hang out as
such oh sure I appreciate everyone's
support I appreciate that you like what
we do but you gotta think about from our
perspective a little bit
tortured biscuit says Jack your biscuits
I'm Jack you hack sure
that's very true you know is that all it
says is this the refined overlay also
music recommendation for Jay Bowen and
Dirk club of Gore fucking tailor-made
for you if your musical tastes matches
your taste in movies that is what I call
go Ren boah Orion yeah I will and make a
note of it and dare dr is this two
different things
I have no idea I'm just borin and your
club of gore borin Bo are ye o team is
that yo bo h Arion bo h re n and they're
like the German the de our club of gore
okay I've got it marked in my notes I
will look into it I have no idea what
the fuck it is and then Jack is this the
final version of the Overland this this
is the take it take it in subject so it
sell it Jack was your chance so so this
is it's got a nice gradient I even put a
little texture on it because people
wanted the gradient to be a little more
outstanding I I happen to watch one of
our streams with the overlay and I
thought it looked great I I really like
how it separates the action game over
here us over here all the tips
everything's nice and clean it'll help
us on YouTube it'll stop the box from
from video claiming oh yeah so added
bonus and there's some nice Brandon up
in the corner which is always a good
thing obviously you guys don't care
about branding but you know our names
right up there in the corner the video
and it looks nice and clean and smooth
and once again Jay has come to join us
we don't got a fuck around green-screen
yeah sure we get the nice soft lighting
in here which we can't do with a green
screen are you saying we started 25
minutes earlier than we probably would
have I wouldn't
what everything is like let's say Jay
shows up like oh my god guys move this
we got to move the light of the green
sky everything is fucked
it makes things so much smoother there
and it's a nicer viewing experience in
here for us where we get the nice soft
lights and you can still see us it's a
final overlay I know it still has some
problems because you can see the gray
above the game because the game doesn't
fit perfectly in that screen button but
it looks clean it looks nice
that's all I got as long as you're happy
I am happy with it as long as it's not
as ugly as that first one because I was
the most hideous thing ever it's no
longer red I changed it to a nice blue
gradient okay a nice light yeah that red
was was harsh nothing that was that was
v1 technically that was v2 but doves
view that was the first version they saw
seven of Borgnine says J I saw society
bones tomahawk and Happiness based on
your recommendations did I recommend
happiness apparently you did okay I
talked about happiness as an incredibly
depressing movie it's yeah because
that's what it is an incredibly that
sort of the most depressing comedies
ever made it's probably the most
depressing comedy ever made bone
tomahawk slash happiness were great and
society was interested in whatever
anyone mentions that they watched
society like that's all I have to say it
I start laughing thank you for exposing
me to good lesser-known films I love
society it's just the chat die rich what
are your expectations for Star Trek
beyond low but low I think it's gonna be
better than the last one probably it
looks from what I've heard and what it
looks like it looks I mean it might have
some dumb action in it but it looks like
more of a Star Trek II type story but
we'll see I'm expecting a dumb action
movie but I guess as long as it's
coherent it wasn't be a step above the
last one it was written by Simon Pegg
and he gives a shit yeah exactly
did you ever see after that first
trailer hit there's like an interview
with Simon Pegg on some red carpet yeah
and he looks so embarrassed by that
trailer oh really he looks so
man in embarassed just being like that's
not it guys that's nothing yeah well
that's what basically you said in that
interview but yeah he looks horribly
embarrassed by that trailer
loner art Conn says his mic doing okay I
worry for his liver from all the
drinking no god yeah you know you see
him drinking in one or two videos every
month that must mean he drinks all the
time it's true and he could not be
playing it up for camera what he's doing
on camera that's what he does all the
time yeah yeah exactly he does that 24
hours a day
he's fine he's fine everybody's fine oh
I mean we all hate each other that's
another thing too you're always mad at
each other believe it or not we play
things up for camera what rich did not
actually take a shot of Dan Akroyd vodka
I'm sorry to crush all your dreams I
don't believe you that's a lot of people
dreams there's a whole subculture of
people wanting me to drink it's really
true yeah it's a weird thing with some
people if they know someone that doesn't
drink they just want to keep egging them
on why bother
nice to get that a lot when I was
younger and I didn't drink in general
which film had assists tired sad in
general which film had more contempt for
its source material and audience
reaction Batman versus Superman or
ghostbusters you know what that's an
interesting question I'm gonna say
ghostbusters has more contempt for their
audience based on yeah the reactions of
the cast and crew I think I think Batman
vs Superman doesn't understand its
audience yes well that's the thing is I
think I mentioned this in our discussion
and it got cut but at least with Zack
Snyder he was not calling out people
that said this isn't the Superman that I
like he wasn't calling him assholes so
yeah he's just doing his own thing
that's stupid but he's doing his own
thing Ghostbusters had contempt for the
audience man versus Man of Steel
Superman had contempt for its characters
yeah yeah yeah did not like Superman II
he clearly hates Superman
clearly hates Superman Ghostbusters very
specifically hates its audience hey
Cisco fan absolutely
also what chance does Big Trouble in
Little China have at being good I'm
assuming you're talking about the
upcoming the remake if they're still
making that I think they are I doubt it
at this point there's been so much
backlash
remakes happen as long as they keep
making money although this ghostbusters
they're trying to spin it as a success
but it's not doing great
the in love what a movie like this
doesn't do well and they just try and
pull out everything like it's still the
highest-grossing opening for a paul feig
movie like yeah but it's movies usually
cost half as much to bake and work that
high grossing yeah yeah this
Ghostbusters isn't doing well but
they're trying to spin it as a success I
don't know it's a big trouble little
China depend on who's making it if it's
anyone interesting directing it but it
probably won't be like what kind of new
take would you have on it and what kind
of new take would be better than the
take they had with yeah the wacky hero
for me it's not necessarily like with a
remake the word has to be better so much
as different enough where you can view
it as its own thing what do you even do
different though I have no idea I would
not even know where to begin
like that was my attitude going into the
Total Recall remake yeah it's like you
know Arnold's an over-the-top comic-book
character and I wanted to see that
material handed less like a comic book
like more with the question of whether
or not it's a dream being more plausible
is that what the remake did not really
okay I saw it and I literally don't
remember a single thing about it but I
thought you could do a different take
until recall and have a more serious
sci-fi yes yes but a downside of that is
Paul Verhoeven's craziness is sort of
what makes his movies interesting like I
wouldn't want to see a serious version
of Starship Troopers give me Arnold's
such an overtop over-the-top personality
well of course he's a super space secret
agent but if you just have some like
schlub in that title role it's a bit
more of a question yeah and that could
be interesting yeah yeah I don't
remember a single thing about that movie
isn't like I don't either it wasn't Kate
Beckinsale and some other blonde that
looks at what color is her hair to be
able to look exactly
like two women in it that looked exactly
alike that's all I remember
kate beckinsale is like getting from
lost what's her name oh no I wasn't
capable Anjali
I would I would tell them apart just
because I know Evangeline Lilly so well
from lost but no it was like I can't
remember who it was it escaped I could
say on someone else and I kept getting
them confused in the movie Jessica Biel
that's it
anam says hey Jack
hi Kirk Defense Force four point one
came out the other day on Steam it's a
third person shooter about shooting 50
sci-fi cliches and sometimes Godzilla
with excessive firepower for player
online co-op couch co-op oh that's
always important there's very little
couch co-op nowadays okay did we want to
play
we wanted to play crapless we wanted to
don't starve
we wanted to play necropolis and don't
starve together to co-op games neither
with local co-op which means you can't
sit the same room and do it you have to
be different computers and connect
through the internet yeah Wow I see yes
we need some more couch colors to be
first split screen is not my favorite
way to play a game sure but it should be
an option
anonymous says I want my money back
okay frowny face seven money I don't
know whatever they donated probably
another tip I didn't read because it had
something to do Leslie Jones and
roundabout way and I didn't want to step
in the shit well I'm guessing they're
joking if they've paid more to say I
want my money back yeah there's there's
one two I skipped yeah yeah yeah that's
you know I think that's a smart call so
DeBerg Bowen says Jay Jude that's it
that's awesome thanks for turning me on
to bones wait did I go to have to scroll
up here I think I I might have gotten
misplaced cuz that's the exact same
coming don't mind you messed up
you froze it in slightly differently
because this is any other lesser known
films you'd like to recommend
essentially a different comment it just
starts off like the exact same I think
long time they mention bone tomahawk
happiness in society Jay here's the
whole thing Jay that's turning down to
bone tomahawk and happiness they don't
say society okay both were great
Isis society as well it was interesting
so there's nearly the exact same
commissar is this the same person uh it
was seven of Borgnine yes no that's
weird
I think this has taken me a while too oh
man that just that after herbs like
before you got around to rewrite and
reading it yeah no um oh boy there's so
many smaller films
look I'm backlogged with the comments I
could I could speed through them all and
then we don't discuss any of them and
further detail or we could just go like
I'm doing we're just gonna go how it
doing he'll go how we're doing here's an
obscure one I would recommend it's been
on my mind lately there's a german movie
called dare fan from the 80s that i was
thinking about after seeing neon demon
cuz I think maybe Nicolas winning
roughen has seen that film as well
without spoilers for neon demon there's
some some kind of similar elements but
their fan is an interesting German movie
if you can find a copy it's on blu-ray
and I'm calling a dare fan because
otherwise I'd be calling it the American
titled the fan and then he would just
think of the wesley snipes movie it did
make me think of dusts off
thus does boot douzo I always had a
seafood estimate lots of lots of simple
German titles yeah bran 89 says hey guys
I hope you are all well love your stuff
Jay would you play any other horror
games question mark sure it would depend
on the game maybe Halloween time I'll
play a spooky the spooky Halloween game
they liked it when you played the
outlast and there will there's that
Halloween game that they're making the
Friars 13th game right well that'd be
out by Halloween time probably no but
you know oh no and that will be either
speaking of spooky games I don't know if
you saw the news that they just opened
up a Kickstarter for the Evil Dead board
game oh I did see that yeah so I told
the back then yeah so we could play the
Evil Dead board game yeah you know they
just backed up production though so it's
not coming out till next year have you
seen the trailer for ash vs. Evil Dead
Season 2 it's not like a short one
there's a full trailer now having felt
like yesterday or today oh it looks fun
the trailers commercial it looks fun the
trailers set to Motorhead - Ace of
Spades I was like oh Evil Dead Gor set
the Motorhead that's great yeah Ted
Raimi shows up it was good adam says hey
guys that's very sorry I've been very
confused over who which character I've
been because like one is a blonde girl
and one is a black bald man now look at
the avatars on-screen neither of which
are blonde girl so I've been constantly
getting them you know you get the little
arrow over their head yeah but there's a
lot of shit going on on this screen you
can say that's that's kind of like
classic XCOM but they had like 8
kilobytes of memory to work with
it shouldn't be an issue here and so
I've been I've been constantly fucking
up which guy want to send where because
the avatars sucks
sorry gone with yeah now says hey guys
love the stream watching over many
months now here is a question what is
your guys favorite Bloodhound Gang song
because we're all such dye heard
Bloodhound Gang fans
I like the Bloodhound Gang lap dance is
always better with Brian it's such a
horrible song but it's very funny yeah
yeah let's probably mine too I don't
have a lot of love for the Bloodhound
Gang I know I listen to when I was
younger I trying to think of what songs
I even remember by them yeah I don't
even know anymore
right tender juicy Shack mate says yo yo
yo guys is from MTV raps apparently it's
horribly dated yourself I know I did Wow
rich Jay you've mentioned that you like
cabin fever are you a fan of the hostel
films you know I am a lot of people shit
on those movies I think they're kind of
interesting people just say they're like
saw type movies but I think there's a
little more going on especially the
second one I actually like that one
quite a bit I haven't watched them in a
really long time and what do you think
about the term torture / porn
thank you for providing awesome content
mmm the term bother you yeah it doesn't
bother me I don't use it to describe any
movies really but is it the same thing
as like body horror
what does torture porn is like this was
like the early 2000s Bush administration
there's lots of torture on the news so I
see the movies that came out as sort of
a reflection of that and sometimes
directly sometimes indirectly but uh I
would call the Saw movies torture porn
because that's literally all they are at
least some of the ones that I've seen
maybe not the first one but those
sequels those saw sequels they are just
like obnoxious torture scenes the Saw
movies I think there's a little more
going on as far as them commenting on
the way the u.s. views other countries
and the the value of a person's life and
all this stuff so I I don't mind hostile
and hostile to people complain about the
obnoxious characters and hostile but
that's kind of the point
yeah completely unfamiliar with its
that's me none of us says J I also
watched Society recently thanks to you
hi there I'm so glad I'm getting people
to watch this movie okay I feel like
nobody had heard of it until somewhat
recently I watched it on cable as a kid
I think you already answered this
earlier any other movies that you would
recommend that you have that are great
like society or just movies movies that
you recommend that are great if you have
no prior knowledge of them Oh
specifically Oh The Sixth Sense but that
that cats kind of odd yeah six cents or
like from dusk till dawn but everybody
knows those movies
what's was twisting dusk till dawn well
the first half is like a Tarantino
gangster movie and then the vampires
don't show up spoilers
I suppose that was like an app that was
kind of hard to like avoid with like the
advertisement was kinda like sure I wish
they would have promoted it just as like
a new Tarantino yeah gangster thing cuz
my dad didn't know anything about it
Emory's like I was watching this movie
on cable and it was pretty interesting
for the first half and then it just got
terrible he didn't know that it turned
into like a slack vampire thing see
that's that's interesting cuz I watched
that I had full knowledge yeah of what
vampire well this yeah the promotional
materials is in there so um oh boy a
German movie I mentioned earlier dare
fan
they're very good what if you didn't
yeah don't look anything up on it it
goes to some places you might not expect
oh I see someone the chat mentioning
Miracle Mile that's a good one too don't
read anything up on Miracle Mile just
watch it
I'm actually familiar with that one too
it was it was put out on blu-ray
recently I'd never seen it until maybe a
year or two ago it's really really good
nonnamous says could the three of you do
a brief improv scene Rich's Batman
jackass Alfred J is Harley Quinn no no
no sorry
blue blaze says one other question have
you seen the Hitchhiker's Guide to the
galaxy movie or read the books I think
both are really good sci-fi and the
movie goes in its own interesting door
interesting direction
I love the books hate the movie I saw
the movie in the theater I don't
remember a thing about it I know Sam
Rockwell was in it I think that's all I
remember
here's here's here's what I have to say
about the movie Karen huge Hitchhiker's
Guide to the galaxy fan she's the reason
I read the books yeah I know I know
people love that look book I've never
read it
from the time I've first met her she was
a huge she check his guide to the galaxy
fan huge fan she fell asleep during the
movie yeah well the movie just sort of
truncates everything right to the point
where it's almost pointless you don't
even really remember honestly that's
what I remember people complaining about
but I yeah I don't remember a thing
about that movie they turn Arthur dead
and the more of like a heroic character
and in the books he's just kind of like
the schlub who's along for the ride yeah
it's very out of place mmm
they turn Zaphod into a complete moron
when he's actually really kind of smart
selfish dick butt is this Sam Rockwell
appeared in the movie two headed too
many yeah yeah who for convenience
reason says one head in the movie for
the most part due to budgetary
limitations of how much they could do
the two head thing
that's not what I wanted you to do it's
not what I wanted you to do
this biddy has too much weight and I
don't know why I had no issues with mah
Steph is for it perfect or prefect well
that's right he was in that movie yeah
don't my head I always pictured Eric
Idle in that role for no particularly
great reason well it's it's British
humour yeah I think I associate the
books with people that also really were
into Monty Python sure which I actually
avoided Monty Python for the longest
time cuz the Nerds that I knew in high
school that really into it were really
obnoxious about it
and Monty Python's hilarious but it's
one of those things or the fan base kind
of turns you off for a while I think
most def is a fine actor what else has
he done was he in that be kind rewind
movie yeah it was pretty good he's also
a pretty pretty decent rapper you ever
hear a quiet dog bite hard I don't think
so shit shit man it's gonna it's gonna
fuck up your word word word no seriously
word why why dogs bite hard okay
seriously word I don't know what I'm
doing I have a ghost situation
now that says rich have you played
turn-based reddit strategy video game
Panzer General - no I have not
J have you seen soviet film come and see
have you no okay Jack Bob Jack did your
kids get even with the kid that stole
the pokemons hat
I don't think I'm not a kid steal the
Pokemon head no it's just lost kids lose
shit okay no one else stole the Pokemon
had it's just not in our house anymore
which happens some someone sent in a
Pokemon had an ash and ash ketchum had
okay and my eight-year-old saw that and
was like this is my hat now that's fine
it's for kids and he wore it all the
time what's cool word every word
everywhere and then just one day I was
like okay let's go we're going for a
walk get your hat
where's your where's your hat oh yeah
that happens I wouldn't I wouldn't I
wouldn't be surprised if we're stolen he
could have putted it down at school
somewhere I've got no idea it's just no
longer with us that's what kids do they
lose things kids lose shit all the time
have you done anything in this game I
feel like I've been on this screen
forever it's not really paying attention
though somehow this lady is over her
carry capacity and I don't know how
because she's been carrying the same
three things for the entire game mm-hmm
and so you're tired every time or
something maybe I wait cursed
oh she's cursed whatever that means
where does it say that right over there
name oh there you go
so that's probably it
so I've just this is a very it's been
going very slowly if you're tired of
this we can always switch to something
else yeah let me yeah let me just sell
I'll continue I'll continue okay a
little bit you gotta find out there's a
ghost I'm hunting hunting um goes on
busting HM busting ghosts
Lenora Khan says jjak enriched bottle
your favorite director personally asked
you to remake one of his/her movies
which movie would it be and how would
you make it different from the original
I wouldn't yeah that's my answer he said
your least favorite director then we
might have something yeah there you go
I'm not sure who my least favorite
director would be what about just any
any old straight-up movie you'd like to
remake um Animus shit about that no I
don't give a shit enough either you know
what I think really deserves another
shot and don't laugh the Phantom I don't
know enough about the face all day Alec
Baldwin based off of the old I was about
to save Billy Zane but that's the other
one no Billy Zane was the Phantom Alec
Baldwin was the shadow the shadow fuck
is everything you know that's what I'm
thinking of because of course they came
they came out right around the same time
and I love both of them I love both of
those movies way too much the shadow the
shadow could use and I hate that I'm
about to say this this shadow could use
a gritty reboot
you're allowed to believe that Jack like
a nice dark noir detective story with
some supernatural mystical shit going on
we could deal with that
what about rebooting the Ghostbusters
reboot okay we do that is it too late
too late they're already planning a
sequel even though the first one didn't
make any money that's all talk they were
also play were doing better man expanded
universe yeah give it a little more time
now give it give it till tomorrow when
everyone's done talking about
yeah maybe now I'm talking about it now
if it wasn't for all the horrible shit
surrounding us that's true that's true
the shadow was the shadow was not good
let's I've never saw the shadow or the
phantom you should you need to see the
phantom it's ridiculous that's Billy
Zane and like purple spandex spandex
riding a horse through down
New York beautiful it's fucking
beautiful and the shadow is Alec Baldwin
with like a gigantic nose under a mask
for some reason it's terrible it's
wonderful it's wonderful I I saw it was
years ago someone made a doe fan fan
film of course someone made a shadow fan
and not even a fan film you know it's
like a five minute Internet video and it
was so low budget like they shot it in
their like college dorm room you could
tell okay but just that was so good like
the handles like some of the things his
character did like the shadow character
did so well I was like I want a good
shadow movie mm-hmm so at the shadow not
the Phantom the shadow is the movie that
I want a gritty reboot oh okay
I got very confused yes because I called
it the Phantom yes yes the the Lu said
you got something confused I think you
said the Alec Baldwin movie The Phantom
yeah right so you talked about the Alec
Baldwin film The Phantom is that the one
you want to remake oh no oh no you wanna
make the remake the Billy Zane movie The
Phantom I want to remake the Billy Zane
TV show 30 rock the shadow deserves a
gritty reboot
I want a gritty reboot of shit okay well
the shadow goes back earlier than just
that movie - cuz I was the old radio
serial yeah Highlander is a great
concept I've never been able to watch
the whole movie yeah very it starts and
it's like wrestling and Queen and I'm
like no which is why I'm posing no oh no
that's your nope yep
not the not the hour of boring middle
the wrestling and Queen I never got much
farther than that I know there was like
an opening fight in a parking lot that
was shot poorly I never was able to
watch that movie because I thought it
just looked like crap I do have an
answer though I think not favor maybe
not favorite filmmaker but one of my
favorite filmmakers is George Romero I'd
love to do a good version of land of the
dead ah I was so excited for land of the
dead
I love the concept but it's so
ham-fisted and poorly done there's a lot
of elements in it that I like I don't
hate it
but I would love to see a good version
of land of the dead so that would be my
choice for remake oh that's very nice
I'm sticking the Highlander I aligned it
was a good choice because that's what
you want to remake is a movie that maybe
wasn't great but has potential its
potential to be better yeah yeah I like
I like Highlander
I'd like that as an answer Highlander it
would still have to be Christopher lamb
bears the lead though what I don't know
why not he's like 70 now just haven't
played the role whatever it's Sean
Connery out of retirement he wasn't in
the first one was he yeah yeah I think
is okay he's got a bigger part in the
second one which is supposed to be a
disaster right oh it's a it's it's like
watching it's like watching money fall
for a gray even they released like
multiple edits of it and it just doesn't
matter it's so terrible I've never seen
any version of it I did see the third
one with Mario Van Peebles as the
villain Mario Van Peebles I'm taking a
stand-up bathroom break okay good oh my
god dr. J seven six six in the chat I'm
just answer this real quick is J and
Jack are gonna have shit to say about it
I wasn't that big fan of Jedi Academy I
don't like the main character I
preferred the one that came before it
Jedi Outcast
it's my short answer I didn't like
playing his generic Mick boring face but
I wanted to play as the badass from the
previous games what else we got oh my
god
not a sense hey guys thank you for
hundreds of hours of entertainment I'm a
big Lynch fan and I'm wondering if Jays
ever read Ebert's review of blue velvet
and what he thinks about it if he has
thanks I think I've read it I know I've
seen the video clip of him and Siskel
talking about it and I hate to say he
didn't get it but I just don't think he
got it whoever wasn't flawless no Ebert
had really shitty views when it came to
like horror films and blue Phelps not
really a horror movie but him and and
they had like a like a crusade to stop
like slasher movies yeah like they hate
at all the Friday the 13th movies it's
like not that they're great movies but I
mean they thought they were like harmful
to society and I remember I think it was
Ebert that was saying about blue velvet
that it was really exploiting Isabella
Rossellini but then she's like no I
agreed to be in the movie I knew what
the fuck they're all called for so no
one was getting exploited I think he
burnt like to step in and and kind of
try and speak for people that he thought
were being taken advantage of when that
wasn't the case at all yeah no I like
Ebert in general but it certainly didn't
agree with him all the time
Robocop 2 review and for whatever other
problems Robocop 2 has oh yeah he was
upset about the kids he was learning
about the swearing yeah that's kind of a
similar situation where it's like and
there's a kid swearing yeah there's a
kid swearing that's the point fucked up
the world is right but he just thought
it was what exploitive offensive yeah
yeah yeah Ebert he's so weird he could
be so overly conservative on some things
but then he'll give like Rob Zombie's
The Devil's reject like four stars which
is one of the most like vile and
sadistic mainstream releases in recent
years that he gave it a good review cuz
it was well made I don't know I don't
know I don't know about no Ebert usually
or that either god bless him shadow
elite 5 says oh wait wait before I go on
with something somehow David Lynch is
gonna oh sorry I bet any news on the new
twin pieces that still
it's shot the whole thing it's shot no
does a TV show it's gonna be on show
time next year okay okay
18 episodes I believe cuz he started
talking about like two years ago right
well it got held up because Showtime
wasn't gonna give him the budget that he
wanted yeah yeah everything he almost
walked he did walk and they got him back
thankfully cuz I think they were gonna
do it without him which would have been
a huge mistake but then he came back and
yeah I believe it's completely done
shooting now I just bring it up David
Lynch reminded me that I haven't heard
anything about that in ages and hey no
food I can't wait I can't wait twenty
bucks
some something to look forward to Twitty
pimps revival of an old thing that I
actually think has a lot of potential
hit or miss man it's gonna be hit I'm
the utmost faith you think I would know
better than to get excited for anything
anymore but the fact that is David Lynch
and the fact that he doesn't give a fuck
about doing anything he doesn't want to
do is a big factor in it I have a lot of
I have a lot of faith in David Lynch
shadow Elite 5 says rich I must applaud
you for your willpower to not drink I
alone do not drink either and society
constantly pressures you stay sober
here's an extra dollar and proud and
proud red letter media fan it's not a
man it's like I never even felt pressure
she's like I'm not not going to yeah
yeah we never pressure you this is
jokingly Mike Mike put the heat on me
once with remember when the Milwaukee
Film Festival was going on and you two
had some kind of appearance there and
there was an ad for it that we ran and
Mike oh yeah and he said children bother
to join Byron there's this the fuck with
you though and what's the fucking man
it's very successful this people can buy
me drinks I had to awkwardly not drink
them yeah I remember that and that was
that was less to pressure you to drink
and more just just as like just to fuck
with you okay it worked
[Laughter]
Mesirow says thanks for doing what you
do guys you're welcome solo 56 7 J I did
not watch society oh you're missing out
man
yeah you should watch society get it but
don't read anything about it beforehand
just watch it but I did watch green room
oh yeah I will never look at house it
may be funky funk
oh maybe fume K what's her name unrest
of Diwali I will never look at maybe few
K the same way again now that neon demon
is out one of people saying is right up
your alley after neon demon cuz I was
the last one everyone was saying
anything I guess the wrong of is there a
new one that they're saying stranger
things I've been getting a lot which
I've already said is great so nothing
since then good is in the end even I
keep hearing a really good thing uh you
probably wouldn't like it okay
I loved it yeah I really liked it a lot
but yeah it's did you did you like drive
I did okay did you see only God forgives
I do not see that okay only God forgives
is way less accessible than Drive okay
and neon demon kind of falls right in
the middle of those two where there's
more of a clear-cut story and there's
more of a clear-cut uh understanding of
what's happening then there wasn't only
God forgives
I don't like drive where the story is
very simple but it's more about the way
the story is told but he gets pretty
fucked up it gets pretty fucked up oh my
enjoy things get fucked up we'll see I
might give that a try I liked it a lot i
Elle Fanning is really really great in
it and you know who's really good at is
Keanu Reeves Keanu Reeves has always
just Keanu Reeves and everything but
he's the least Keano
I've ever seen in the end even he just
plays the sleazy motel owner and he's
really good he kind of steals the movie
in the few scenes he's in what do you
know you didn't like Winona Ryder and
stranger things oh she sucks she's great
he's so over-the-top and shrill and not
know in a good way
no one says J I've learned more from
your editing style than I did it for
years at UWM UW Milwaukee Bob to make a
feature and I couldn't have done it
without our L M as a whole also kill me
I'm making a feature at least at least
you understand the misery you're getting
into respect for anybody who makes
future yeah even if it sucks yeah if you
get one finish that's that's a feed you
are in one point for having made a
feature yeah
well good for you for sticking with UW
Milwaukee if you were there for the
entire time that you went to school what
do you what do you think about learning
from schools most learning by just
examples sing gums i well one I think it
depends on the school yeah UW Milwaukee
maybe their film department is different
now but when I went there it was it was
horrible so I don't know I I think I
would have been better off going to
Columbia like going to school that is
more about the technical side of it and
less about trying to tell you how to be
creative because that doesn't work yeah
well they want you to express yourself
but you have to express yourself this
very specific way and that was the
frustrating part of going to UW
Milwaukee but this was a while ago now
so I don't maybe the department has
changed and all the equipment was
horribly outdated it was so it was
useless for me I learned way more after
I stopped going there I shot for feature
films in the span of like three years
and they weren't good and you'll never
see them but I did it and I learned way
more doing those and I did going to eat
up your walkie so I think I think it
depends on the school you go to and it
depends on what you're going there for I
mean if you just want access to
equipment you know to learn editing or
learn how to you know do lighting or
whatever I think it's it's valuable the
basics yeah the fundamentals
none of this quick update Jack what's
your top Pokemon I have but before I
look let's see if I can remember someone
asked me earlier I have caught 52 unique
Pokemon I currently have like 77 Pokemon
but a lot of them are doubles I've
caught like three oh you've been doing
it huh I downloaded it just cuz I was
like I wanna see what this is about
yeah this is kind of fun like I'm not
super into it or anything but I think
the what is it augmented reality I think
that has a lot of potential for other
things and is it just fun just kind of
walking around like oh yeah there we
like the fact that you're interacting
you know on your phone is it's almost
like it's in the real world it's kind of
neat super name I'm not gonna play a lot
of it but just as a technology I think
there's a lot of interesting and
creative potential I'm playing the fuck
out of it I do have a Kadabra which is
pretty high up there and I have a vapor
on the the water type that Eevee evolves
as I play pokemon with the Girt the
greatest thing is like you know I'll go
on walks with my boys and they love it
yeah
they have never like voluntarily gone on
more walks well that's the other
positive thing about is it seems to be
getting a lot of people walking around
and being active that's great and
fucking everyone in our neighborhood is
playing everybody's playing it you just
walk you see you see all the people like
that's good but at the same time it's
kind of sad that it takes this app to
get people to go I it's it works as long
as it's working yeah something no and
it's like like the other day this guy
covered in tattoos kind of like yellow
stained teeth like he's a smoker like he
overhears us talking just me and my
eight-year-old or walking around and
he's like dude there is a squirtle right
around the corner and Park is like we
gotta get that squirtle and he say fuck
he said and so then like you know he's a
sociable case like what Pokemon have you
caught a sudden like we're just talking
with this stranger about Pokemon he
could have been
method for all I know you know he's a
neighbor and so it's just like hey I
will talk about Pokemon for a little bit
and everybody had a great time
that's awesome great just trying to get
personal information from your phone
right where do you keep your credit card
information in here yeah
oh it's cuz I'm the wrong fucking guy oh
I fucking hate this and since Jay
mentioned Sam Rockwell's ever see Seven
Psychopaths
I really enjoyed Seven Psychopaths ma
stuff is good did HBO movie with Alan
Rickman hmm oh I have not seen Seven
Psychopaths I've heard a bit hopefully
everyone has already listened to quiet
dog bite hard what is that that's the
most Epsilon
no no if that's and that might not be
what's called
quiet song bark no quite oak bite
hardened as what it is I don't know fuck
it oh it's a Ripper it's a fucking
Ripper all right all right sorry
mos def okay um just as guy Eunice's my
daughter will not go to sleep still
waiting on stranger things what is the
best Bruce Willis movie and why is it
twelve Monkeys or die hard it's die hard
it's not hard twelve Monkeys is a good
movie but the best Bruce Willis movie is
die hard I put I put um six cent second
good yeah that's a good movie I I have
not seen twelve Monkeys I think since it
came out oh really good movie
I'm sure I mean I haven't seen in a long
time either but I like that terry
gilliam well sometimes well I'm just
trying to think of other better Bruce
Willis movies I mean I movies he was in
it wasn't really the star like like pulp
fiction oh sure yeah I don't know if I
would call that a Bruce Willis movie
yeah Sin City I I love it
I'd have to rewatch it I've not seen it
in the longest time that's my kind of
camp and I hate Chris Tucker so much in
that movie I'm with you I'd need to
re-watch it I probably should watch yeah
I think it's on Netflix million Jovovich
even the white thing that's all you need
to know he's in the white thing it's
great like that Mila Jovovich she's fine
um she's fine is what I meant to say I
think it's under it wasn't
flicks fifth Elliman if it's so on there
may be already watch it they just added
a bunch of like classic 80s stuff
recently like all the Lethal Weapon
movies and all the Back to the Future
movies
yeah it's added a bunch of stuff hen zou
says yeah I love having J on stream you
guys ever watch The Walking Dead TV show
or read the comics opinions keep it on
you lovely hacks it's a strange one for
me
The Walking Dead show because I love the
classic Romero zombie films yeah
I I love that that concept I've seen the
pilot episode of The Walking Dead and
it's the best zombie movie I've ever
seen but I don't know why I've never
gone out of my way to watch the rest of
the show yeah it's the strangest thing I
should have been dying to watch more but
I never got around to it I agree with
you about I wouldn't say the first the
pilot is the best zombie movie ever but
it's one of the best zombie Yang's ever
um I watched the entire first season I
was bored as fuck by the time I got to
the end of the first season so I never
bothered with the rest of it Jack that's
fair I'm current I'm up to date on the
Walking Dead TV show I've never read any
of the comics and it's had its ups and
downs I've mentioned this several
several times season 2 of The Walking
Dead is a chore I always hear yeah
I think season one starts off super
strong and then slowly goes down and
season two is a fucking tour after that
though well season two was it during or
right before they started production of
it that they got rid of Frank Darabont
because I think I'm assuming that has a
large part to do with why it started to
suck so bad the it was before it became
popular it Walking Dead didn't become
popular until the first season ended up
on Netflix yeah and then everybody
watched it and fell in love with it but
at the time they were filming season two
they didn't have a budget and so instead
of making it this roaming adventure they
said let's all stay on this farm for a
whole fucking season I don't know I
don't know if frankly everyone was still
involved but hey I don't know it all
he was kind of forced out but they just
stayed on the fucking farm yeah I hope
season two and but then by the time
season three rolls around it was super
popular so everyone was excited to see
season three and they they gave money
you get humped in some more money and
then it gets really good and then this
one kind of waved off wait for it off
again you know why cuz they've been
fucking in the same place for all season
though again gee I wonder what the
problem is gotta move you gotta move so
I I think it's had its ups and downs I
think they're like season almost maybe
season 4 but seasonally I'm oh Jesus I
want to say they're going into season
six that sounds right but I honestly
don't know I can't I don't keep track of
stuff like that
whatever season they were they were in
the prison it's just fucking amazing
no they they might be going into season
seven oh my god they've had some amazing
episodes if you can get through that
season two they've had some amazing
episodes someone on the chat sinks seven
so Wow
okay I do think it's pretty cool that
there's a very popular mainstream show
that has violent zombie gore and hahaha
my mom watches The Walking Dead that's
pretty fucking cool yeah it might not be
for me I might think it's boring but
that's kind of neat yeah
like it's so popular it has a talk-show
dedicated that airs exactly like right
after the show right you can watch the
show and then watch people talk about
the show right after the show is over
yeah that's fucked up
[Laughter]
that's fucked up none of us says that
might get the mr. Plunkett and Bambi
subplot from a lap dance is so much
better when the stripper is crying that
hack uh was that the name of the
stripper and that song Bambi I think so
no it might be it might have been
something that was just in the back of
his brain somewhere but I don't think it
was an intentional reference what does
joseline does your character have a name
no that's not that's when a plane gets
ex-wives
his name Bambi oh that's right it's just
like an offhand joke in one of the
reviews I don't even remember but I I
don't think it's any sort of intentional
reference I think that's one of mine oh
really
yeah I don't remember one of your jokes
I mean started off that way okay who
knows like bouncing ideas off yeah it
was like oh they're you know who should
play it's like replacement wife should
be and instead of like the hot young one
I just I just like I would just like
like something up something low-class
that evolved into the Bambi okay yeah I
never noticed this little ghosty hanging
out on the edge of the frame here that's
that's just great
he's picking it I'm okay with this game
yeah there's not a lot happening but I
got it on sale and it was like eight
bucks and so I'm okay with that so the
song wasn't the inspiration so much as
it was just the opposite of a trophy
wife like that's the easy thing kill the
wife then you get the hot young new I
said it's an crack addict it desperately
needs some car upgrades I think this is
where we go for the car upgrades I don't
know about the blue blaze says last
question after the success of space cop
you huge do you think the next rlm movie
will be what rich proposed and the best
of the worst with the jar a movie about
a guy trying to escape a pretentious
student film oh yeah forget about that
I'm gonna say probably not but I guess
you don't know yeah I'm not thinking
about another feature right now I think
I think a little while somebody at one
point asked me for permission to use
that idea did you tell them no said it's
just you know what if you make a million
dollars I'm 110 percent there you go
yeah so I'm getting a cut that's all I
care about
do you have this in writing
III think I have it an audio recording
okay so we did a interview with actually
oh okay yeah all right guys need
uniforms
none of us says hello gentlemen and rich
god sent you that best of the worst
slash Simpsons print a while ago
wondering where that ended up how it's
hanging uh and this in the hallway of
her building we have it framed it's
beautiful thank you for setting that
yeah yeah it's a lovely piece lovely
piece thanks for sending a question what
is your 14th favorite Simpsons episode
fourteen favor 14th favorite Oh God
what's the water balloon battle against
Nelson Vermont's then that's the 14th
favorite
yeah it's lower than that the BART is
general Pittman there's been there's
been 600 that doesn't make the top 14
what would your top episode period be
would be number one
monorail I was gonna say monorail
monorail Frank Rimes it's pretty good
it's been so long since I've watched any
of the Simpsons that I have a hard time
remembering yeah yeah cuz most of them I
have not seen since they originally
aired the treehouse before with the
time-traveling toaster is a great one oh
yeah that's a good one a lot of the
early tree house of horrors are pretty
good
oh god Hank Scorpio yes yes well that's
another thing that Netflix just added
recently is all of Albert Brooks's
movies oh speaking of Frank Scorpio have
you seen your life I just watched that
the other day I had never seen it before
it's really good it's jolly charming
yeah I want to rewatch lost in America
that's on there and then there's some of
his stuff I've never seen I like that
Albert Brooks he's got a real gentle
tone to his comedies they're not really
abrasive or
overbearing mm-hmm yeah defending your
life is really good
captain skills says would you redo the
second and third Matrix films also guess
I'm over eight years late but Congrats
on being a father Jack thank you
it's a boy it's been a boy great fucking
years you know you'd have to completely
rewrite those Matrix sequels do you need
The Matrix sequels no no that's my
response you don't need them I I really
thought that the twists in the second
one was interesting not worth a whole
movie of course what twist the the twist
of that the the one neo the one was
actually a plant okay I'm not saying
he's good I'm just saying like oh that
one little nugget was kind of
interesting kind of turning the first
movie on attack okay but I like the
first movie I don't want to see it
turned on its head yeah try new stuff
that thing you like yeah it's completely
invalid now motherfucker okay if you're
going to do that you need to be
incredibly incredibly clever about it
and you need to do it in a way that is
also satisfying okay and the matrix did
not accomplish that that is true
you can subvert expectations all you
want but if it's not in a way that's
interesting or satisfying on its own
then it's a failure I can be with you
gremlins two is one of the most
subversive sequels ever made and it's
also brilliant maybe I need to rewatch
that with adult eyes and they'd love
gremlins to so much when I was younger I
really see I like I like dark humor I
don't your comedy chair I love the tone
of the first one yeah and obviously the
second one shits all over the head but
it doesn't in such a joyous way
doesn't such a Looney Toons in Turkey
spirit way that it works madam says rich
you sexy bitch
what have you been doing looks like
you've been dropping the lbs lately is
it cocaine it's probably cocaine there's
$5 faux cocaine yes that doesn't get you
a whole lot of cocaine huh and maybe
you've never bought cocaine before but
that's not gonna get you very far I've
been in general more active riding my
bike more walking more I really playing
pokemon goes great very soon okay very
soon the diet's gonna start because I
said you know when Karen gets up here
well no worries we're doing the diet
thing so we'll see what happens after
that
Berto Cabbage Patch says J you haven't
talked much about Mulholland Drive what
are your thoughts on the movie it was my
first DL viewing experience and it
really turned me on to his stuff yeah
that's one of his best movies not like
Mulholland Drive a lot DL is David Lynch
not download it was my first download
movies first the first movie a torrent
it really why would you tell people that
if you lie especially if you liked it
there's no shame
yeah Mulholland Drive is one of the best
examples if you're trying to show
someone a David Lynch movie that is a
quintessential David Lynch movie by
jects my matrix cells don't know what to
write um hello Jay have you been also
have you ever watched a fresh horror
movie called L&T; oh inside from 2007 oh
yeah I've seen inside it's been a while
I know it's a pregnant woman and it's
like a home invasion thing and they're
trying to cut out her baby I think I
remember liking it but I have not seen
it in a very long time I just remember
it was part of that that early 2000s
like French extreme there's lots of
really graphic French horror movies like
high tension and martyrs and shit like
that I think I have it on DVD I would
need to re-watch it and I think it's a
Christmas movie too a crazy Christmas
French horror movie I'm not trying to
rip out someone's baby alright so I'm
gonna say that if I rewatched it I would
probably really like it but I don't
remember it very well
when small-ball says if you guys ever
heard of the game broforce funny funny
simple shooter you play every 80s and
90s action hero even the female ones
seems like a great J game I think it's
super dumb super dollar Superdome in a
good way or bad way
it's it's funny like so it's it's like
contra you know it's side-scrolling jump
guys and you shoot stuff right but like
hyper action and every hero gets a
clever bro nickname so instead of Rambo
it's rambro who plays that and or you
can play as command bro and bro okay or
what'swhat's it oh god what's his name
from umbrella probably is in there the
bros I'd imagine Legolas oh no I don't
think the Braavos is I'm trying to think
of other ones now but and so the joke
worse then pretty easily and the levels
aren't that special the man with bro
name nice so it's yeah I did not think
very much of it it's it's you know what
it would be it would it would make for a
really fun like 1 hour stream we don't
joke it's old matter like something else
now yeah
what I wanted him tired Sansa's hey Jay
I finally saw John wick it's the most
competently made Neal Breen film ever
made
I wasn't anything like a neoprene movie
also why do you think Kevin Smith block
you guys on Twitter I don't know I
didn't even know how long we've been
blogs just blocked on Twitter yeah and
it's funny cuz he could have he could
have done that years ago like maybe he
didn't like they were making fun of the
prequels I have no idea but we mentioned
it in the extended version of the first
episode of review we just off handedly
mentioned it and so suddenly people were
like tweeting at him like why did you
block roll under media and he probably
hasn't thought about it in years yeah
so I don't know maybe yeah maybe didn't
like that we made fun of cop-out in some
blanket review I have no idea yeah
whatever
yeah I'm not losing sleep over it I'm
not sure why he would block us it's not
a big deal I never even tried to contact
him no no no we've never tried to talk
to him that's so weird
maybe he didn't like our negativity of
just as far as our attitude
it's talking about movies in general I
know who knows it's not a big deal don't
bother him about it I doubt he cares
didn't he used to make movies he still
makes movies really he hasn't movie
coming out this year that looks like the
worst thing ever
yo go that's coming from someone that
actually like tusks have you seen that
trailer jacker if I just talk to you
about it trailer yoga hoser it looks so
bad like shockingly bad naanum says as I
await an upcoming show on Netflix I
learn again to lower expectations as
some recent news about some creative
decisions made as well as the executive
producer being behind Terminator Genisys
makes me worried wait what show is he
taller I have no idea
Oh upcoming show on Netflix no no I
don't know what show you're talking
about that could be in anything
anonymous is Jay ever watched Japanese
movies that I know some sick filth you
might like yeah I know there's some
crazy Japanese movies I've seen some
Takashi Miike movies which I think are
Japanese
Tetsuo the Iron Man
no Tetsu or the Iron Man that's what
I've been meaning to see forever and I
just haven't seen it it gave the killer
itchy the killer itchy
that's Takashi Miike yes I've seen it
she the killer that's pretty fucked up
Tokyo gore police uh I saw Tokyo gore
police years ago really drunk so I don't
remember it very well and nine six for
Pinocchio that one I've never heard of
