Episode 605
BOOring (GhostControl Inc. Part 2)
August 15, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i_T-pCS4IF0
___________________________________________

years ago really drunk so I don't
remember it very well and nine six for
Pinocchio that one I've never heard of
trash can man says great to be able to
catch you guys tonight have you guys
ever seen the 90s Brian Peck horror
masterpiece the willies
starring Lord of the Rings Sam wise and
salute your shorts donkey lips great
childhood stuff Lord of the Rings
Sam wise he will forever be Encino man
have you ever seen the willies I've seen
the willies I saw it on cable that you
actually used to play on cable and it's
sort of like an anthology horror thing
okay
you gonna let see it oh man and that's
you gotta go to Encino man sure sure
okay you have no love for Encino man I
haven't seen that movie it's one of the
very few movies we had growing up really
the only thing the only thing I love in
that female cave person comes out of the
water for two seconds you can kind of
see half a side boob that's why I like
trading places so much well that's not
side boob that no I was a full-on thing
man that's a big deal when you're a
little kid and you see myself on cable
let's watch that comedy movie that
comedy movie Trading Places let's watch
this one part of it oh why is the tape
all fucked up this one part G remember
when there was a thing when you were a
kid you had to watch like shitty sex
comedies to see nudity and now let's you
just have we just have Google it's all
you need yeah kids today are so spoiled
they don't even know you know who hasn't
caught up with that trend is like movies
yet they're still shoving tits in there
for no reason it matters yeah we don't
care about it said get over everyone
yeah I was something sort of like like
forbidden and and naughty when you were
a kid too you know see Revenge of the
Nerds or something no it doesn't matter
oh right right Jay when is the next quit
cuts you fuck
no probably never how we got and how we
got review which is better the idea
behind quick cuts was that it would be
whoever wanted to do one could do one
but I was the only one that was doing
them and so I was like oh I don't want
this to be the Jay show so we just
stopped and we decided to do review
instead I'm sorry
it doesn't matter sorry it didn't work
out yeah that's fine
review works better because then we can
have a conversation I didn't really like
doing quick cups anyway after you know
we did a couple to try it out but just
me talking to the camera it's not my
thing that's that's why I didn't like
doing Gamestation yeah exactly it was
similar to that or it's like it's better
to have a yak and for ya someone on says
guys would you say we are living in a
golden age of television and a dark age
of film yes yes is there hope for food
no there's hope for film Oh Star Wars
wasn't bad well sure fury road that was
kind of a couple years ago at this point
but that's been like my favorite movie
in the last 25 years oh sure I mean
there's always gonna be an occasional
good big movie and then there's always
gonna be shitty ones that are forgotten
about yeah like the same year I don't
know back of the future came out there
was probably 15 other horrible movies
that no one remembers well as Hollywood
is dying and it is let's all yeah let's
all just be on board with that it's
dying it's it's in the death throes
right now what's going to happen is this
lovely thing where we're going to return
to low-budget okto or driven project yes
but we already have those they're just
not getting a lot of attention right but
maybe as the big movie starts to die and
get more and more embarrassing those
will get more attention they will
they're already doing stuff like that in
major theater chains where they like
they have like special events where
they're doing limited release movies
well I saw neon demon at AMC really
which is one of the you know the biggest
theater chains in the country and Here I
am watching a movie with a really
graphic why don't I give a spoiler but a
scene that I was
very pleasantly surprised to see in an
AMC theater with finding Dory playing
next door
hahaha I love that things like that are
happening it's happening
Hollywood is dying and we should all
have be happy about yeah the problem is
that you might get the occasional good
movie like a fury road but that's not
technically like that was a passion
project from George Miller that wasn't
like a studio trying to bank on a known
name you'll occasionally get things like
that but it's more the the problem is
the behind the scenes stuff and what
movies are getting made and why they're
getting made and that's how you end up
with shit like the new Ghostbusters so
movies from 1982 alone 1982 82 is a good
year 84 was a good year I understand
Moe's Blade Runner the thing I know I
know
T but what holter Geist Star Trek to
Conan the Barbarian
Tron Fast Times at Ridgemont High that's
a great movie let's see
rowdy he's academy-award-winning Rocky
III Rambo first blood Halloween 3 yeah
it's fine but it's complete garbage it's
so stupid
that's a great movie Creepshow creatures
great Conde got the Dark Crystal
oh and then those are all like the great
ones you mean you got another what mine
was like a toy the opposite of Back to
the Future
what what what came out the same day you
know that future competing Ghostbusters
and gremlins came out on the same day
yeah that true yes that's fucked up
that's great alright now what was the
year you mentioned 1885 what was Back to
the Future competing with is what I want
to know 1985 movie
back to the future yeah the goon is 1985
well back to the future the Goonies
summer would open the same day though oh
the same day yeah what happened what
opened the same fucking day oh wait when
were you talking about Rambo we're we
talking about first blood or Rambo first
blood part 2
first blood first Oh first blood is
great okay I was singing a First Blood
Part two I was because he said Rambo and
that's not the title of first blood
Rambo is for superable first blood but
okay I guess that yeah that's how it
appeared okay no the original tie it was
just first yes
that's why I was thrown off cuz I was
thinking of Rambo : First Blood Part two
right that's the garbage one yeah
no Ram first blood is great first one is
a green coat Rambo first one now it is
in retrospect right but and then you get
to the third one and it's just called
Rambo 3 it's like there was no Rambo to
write that series as the first flood is
a great movie first blood is a great
great III mean we disagree on a lot of
movies but it was like Rambo not Rambo
can't disagree I'm Rambo first blood
near the movie or Rocky
yeah or there's a lot of Stallone
basically that we we can't disagree
clones done a lot of good movies for as
much of a laughingstock as he is
sometimes thought to be he's done a lot
of good movies mmm-hmm but what were we
talking about
Oh movies versus TV shows yeah we're in
it yeah we're in a time where TV they're
lettin craters do whatever they want
which we used to have in the movies back
in like the 70s like like stranger
things I think that's just we want to
make this thing a Netflix says here you
go it's but is that's a the other
glorious thing is it's not even TV like
we've bypassed TV and now it's Netflix
yeah exactly
we're gonna like you can find people
that'll let you do what you want it's a
prequel to what had American summer sure
did you see they're um they're comedians
show I forget what it's called where
they just gave like six comedians an
episode of the show and they said make a
character make an episode and it's an
anthology it's six Episode six different
comedian six different characters is on
the flip side of Netflix and I forget
someone tell me what it's called someone
it's it's just the strangest thing like
here's some funny people make something
I'm drawing blank in his name comedian
made his own sitcom no Louie Louie Louie
CK yeah oh yeah sure Louie's great but
it's like like the premium TV play
places are making great content now HBO
Showtime
stars yeah most aren't sure and Netflix
they're giving creators a lot of free
reign mmm we're in a golden era of prime
premium television not cousin even
regular television sucks but premium
television is where it's at yeah all
right Dan's the earlier question yeah
back to future looks like the only thing
that came out that day according to this
July 3rd it was back the future July 5th
two days later the emerald forest and
Red Sonja Reds Oh Sonia yes jr. you go
boom July 12 the next week Mad Max
Beyond Thunderdome oh Silverado and the
Explorers I have a fondness for the
Explorers but it's not a great movie
what oh then the next week after they're
probably still in theaters Back to the
Future the man with one red shoe classic
um the legend of Billy gene something
called Weatherby uh looks like an ET
rerelease reissue and they had the bed
no interesting so some very minor
competition yeah yeah but not nothing
point beam even if there aren't as many
good movies released every week now like
there was at that point there are still
there will always be good big movies oh
yeah you know they might be you know
fewer and farther between will continue
to get good big movies you just have to
wade through the crap uh 1985 had Back
to the Future The Goonies Rambo First
Blood Part 2 oh no The Breakfast Club
got the color purple rocky for weird
science view to a kill everybody at the
stand up timer just went off everybody
should just stand up show
chillin some I'm gonna get back on
psycho so I'm gonna stand up and stretch
my legs
Brazil Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome Fright
Night pee-wee's big adventure oh man
real genius Fletch the Year the Black
Cauldron st. Elmo's fire fire
National Lampoon's European vacation
witness Ladyhawke is that did John
Boorman direct that can you look that up
new directed Ladyhawke um is that John
Boorman I'm looking it up lady are
clicking on it Matthew Broderick Matthew
Broderick's and that a very very young
Matthew Broderick who's that who's the
male lead in that don't open the wrong
movie wait wait I clicked on it an open
info firm National Lampoon's European
vacation for some reason oh my god I can
do someone's got their wire crossed here
lady hawk lady hawk has a great
soundtrack oh I'm sure it's cheese he'll
central Richard Donner Richard Donner
director Richard Donner so he had
ladyhawk come out the same year as
Goonies apparently yes Wow that dude was
fucking busy Rutger Hauer yes
and they can only they could only meet
at desk Alfred Molina is apparently in
it each other
Matthew Broderick was the squire yeah he
was the young squire and Rutger Hauer
and Michelle Pfeiffer yep
Michelle Pfeiffer's the hawk was the
villain anybody noteworthy you're
looking I'm looking for Starr sir um a
full cast and crew Ladyhawke is the lady
hawk was so important at the time I want
to say they showed me that in school I
saw that in school in class yeah John
Wood
Alfred Molina was in it really yeah
got you ghost
madam says rich Evans is actually just
Chris Evans who made all the wrong life
choices oh thank you
JK I love you Richard
not JK i bought space cop you oh babe
what do we owe you
face cop you paid for space cop and we
gave you space cop if you receive space
cop then we owe you
that's how that works we owe you space
cop mama says I think I've asked this
before in chat but never heard the
response have you guys ever watched
orphan black and what do you think of it
I have no oh I've seen it I think it's
great what it's set the anthology that
had the pig fuckin no that's black
mirrors that's black mirror which which
is something you should see orphan black
is a different sci-fi show III won't
give too much away I can tell you it's
great yeah the the opening of the show
we were met with a our protagonist is a
young lady who's a bit of a con artist
right a bit of him down on her luck
scummy comic a con artist and she's at a
train station I think I know what this
is gonna be but yeah yeah gone and she
sees someone who looks exactly like her
her identical twin and her identical
twin steps in front of an oncoming train
yeah so she takes her identity okay
that's all like that's the first episode
of Psych and it yeah we kind of go
that's right really fun show and yeah I
die it's it's good I'm really looking
forward to the new season
sorry oh I did that right in the
microphone orphan black black mirror or
orange is the new orphan black mirror is
there a show that starts with mirror if
we're gonna play the game orange is the
new black orphan oh no orange is the new
orphan black mirror is that what's is
the is the ABC fantasy show come near me
or something
chats hang Mirror Mirror so there's a
show called Meera Meera great how do I
upgrade my fucking car that's all I want
in the world is to upgrade my stupid car
you don't you're stuck with it fucking
stuck with it no what do you think of
this game it's fine yeah it's it's
holding my attention it's it's very easy
right now okay
but obviously maybe there are maybe
they're hardly difficult no no I'm sure
what's up I'm sure it ramps up and it's
it's cute come it's I think it's
definitely worth the $8 that I spent on
it
I just want to upgrade my car and I want
to know how to upgrade my fucking car
Lee Lewis Linden says hey guys hi thanks
for all the entertainment I'll be
listening to the stream with my
girlfriend on our road trip up to
Seattle from Southern California have
you guys spent any time on the west
coast I one brief visit once a ben de la
a few times that's pretty much it I went
and was during the summer but it just
happened to be like a cold spell there
it was like rainy and fifty funded in
the two days I've been I've been all
over the west coasts I was that was
recently in San Francisco which was
beautiful and the bridge is awesome you
get to walk we walked across the Golden
Gate Bridge you walk across it yeah yeah
it was neat
it's a long walk but I'm sure how long
is it fucking long does that count
I won't look it up it was it was great
we ate we ate at an amazing pizza
restaurant we saw the full House house
you know we went to that Park that the
whole house houses in oh you got to go
to that part gotta go to the park good
full house houses then there's also
shots of that Park in the room oh I
could live a long healthy life never
seeing that house yeah yeah you really
good you really could
let's be honest but I've been I've been
through the redwoods of Northern
California which everyone needs to do
because they are the really big it will
blow your fucking goddamn mind
there's a giant ass trees man giant can
you drive a car through them you came a
tunnel to the tree yes they have a great
great through its great usually everyone
should do that it's fun super fun
we went to Legoland in California
Legoland in California is great it's it
that's in between that's kind of like in
between Los Angeles in San Diego great
it's I've just been that way I think
it's the only place on the coast have
been what are you doing Legoland they
actually have rides what is what is the
deal they have rides apposite to talk
about Legoland like they have they have
rides like a simple rollercoasters
simple
is there anything isn't like an actual
theme park where's just like a look at
all these things made out of Lego isn't
that neat that's what most of it is but
there's also like build the torian's
where like if they just give you a shit
ton of Legos they had a neat thing where
it's like they had a competition to
build a simple like a race car and ramps
and you could race them against other
people kids other KIU I couldn't news
for kids for kids they're like a giant
Lego washing machine because almost
people handling all those Legos that's
got to be discussed he said you're out
everywhere and then they did have like
the giant stuff built out of Legos like
they had a Star Wars display and that
was really neat
and then they had like basically
carnival rides yeah not ride not like
not rollercoaster ride like I don't want
to get in a rollercoaster made out of
Legos no no you know they had oh that
could make it look like it was made out
of Lego yes yeah that a waterpark the
whole ride to be very bumpy fuckin sucks
this is a terrible idea so you know
there was some stuff to do and oh these
guys have all the weapons that's right
shockingly I we were at Legoland for two
days and I really thought we would run
out of stuff after after a day one
button we did like the dry stuff one day
and the waterpark stuff the next day and
it seemed to work out J what do you
think about the Eraserhead remake that's
been talked about recently that has not
been talked about supposed trying to be
a be a smartass supposed to use a Sin
City s black and white style do you
think there are movies that should just
never be remained they're completely
making this up you are completely making
read the thing I read the thing whoever
said that you're a liar that is not
something that will ever happen and
there are movies that should never be
remained okay remaking them all I'd say
actually top of the list was Robocop hmm
that my personal list Robert okay I mean
I was gonna say as far as popularity or
importance to culture and film history
yeah I wouldn't put Robocop near the top
it doesn't need to be remade but no no
just just be me person like everything
everything in Robocop works flawless
yeah that's a movie that works
specifically because of its tone yeah
and you knew they weren't gonna do that
with the remake and they didn't followed
very closely by ghostbusters
yeah back to the futures up there but
according to Robert Zemeckis that'll
never be remained in his lifetime so at
least there's that I would put psycho up
there but they already fucking did that
yeah everybody's forgotten about that
at least the psycho remake it seemed to
be because Gus Van Sant's like a weirdo
and it seemed to be he was using his
recent clout from the success of Good
Will Hunting to making the psycho remake
almost an art piece unto itself where
it's like he wasn't trying to genuinely
make a good remake he's just trying to
do this weird installation of doing a
shot-for-shot remake to prove a point I
think that what is what he was trying to
do it doesn't mean it was a successful
movie it by any means cuz it's not but
if you want to know why you don't remake
classics you point someone to the psycho
remake and I think that might have been
part of his point so I do think there's
something a little more interesting
about the psycho remake than a lot of
shitty remakes interesting it doesn't
make it a good movie cuz it's not and
Gus are I Vince Vaughn is horrible in it
and I I don't see anything in the Chad
commenting on the Eraserhead that's
because it's completely made up
just sayin who the fuck would remake
Eraserhead
for name recognition or something look
that's not gonna happen
they're scraping the bottom of the
barrel an executive at Sony you know
what the kids want to see a remake of a
racer head so Sony would remake it yeah
we'll get our toys into Target and
they'll be put on clearance three weeks
before the movie comes out that's how
far you know someone has pitched that
Sony is a desperate desperate company
yes and ruthless
I didn't miss some tips we got a we got
whatever Jays here we get flooded and
I'm getting to them I could spend this
whole stream just reading the tips one
by one and not discussing any of the
points brought up but that would suck
one sentence answers from now on that's
it
well well we'll probably get to it is
all I can say I can't even guarantee
we'll get did so some heroine respond to
and I don't Oh somebody's asking if we
talk about stranger things we have Jack
has not seen it I love it I've seen the
first half J for some reason hates
Winona Ryder in it I think she's
terrible in it I love Winona Ryder as
many things I think it's starting to get
good around Episode four but I thought
it's taking a long time to get there
that's the short of it taco salad
Tuesday says hi jack
hi I saw Mike and Dave need wedding
dates and we were cracking up throughout
fuck yeah it's a great movie the guy
from workaholics just makes so many
strange noises your cousin did a nice
job rlm rules I mean both are true and
not necessarily related
I like that workaholics guy yeah I like
workaholics which surprised me I thought
it would be like dude bro humor but
there it's actually funny and I what's
his name Adam Adam Levine divine divine
something like that I've never heard of
him until I saw this oh you've never
seen more college guys I think he does a
voice in a cartoon that my kids have
seen I think he does the voice of Pizza
Steve in a cartoon called Uncle grandpa
oh I saw one episode of that on Netflix
as just out of curiosity I was like what
is this and then I watched it and I said
what is this yep and that's way too
extreme for me it's it's one of those
shows that tries really hard to be wacky
and yeah you're gonna have weird random
humor but you have to have something to
latch on to can see right through yeah
but no I thought he was he was grated
that was his first big movie Adam Devine
and so yeah it's good even even fucking
muscles is really funny and what's his
name
Zac Efron's that Kathryn and Aubrey
Plaza who I don't care for and things
like I don't like her
bit in Parks and Rec I like her on Parks
and Rec I don't understand she seems to
be in that dirty grandpa movie yeah and
then in the Mike and David wedding dates
movie she seems to be playing like the
like the the sexy slutty type character
which I don't see her as at all that's
what she's going for now yeah it just
doesn't seem like her personality
doesn't seem to fit that type of
character so it's an odd choice yeah
yeah that's very odd what oh that was
just the lighting where before your your
your sprites your you know they don't
match your characters yeah two sprites
there are two would like generic white
people and you had a blonde girl on a
black guy yeah for I looked up it looks
like they were both black like well they
do have the difference right I just
don't match but I guess it was just
lighting in that room so where did the
frankenz thing go there was a franken
did I catch him maybe you blew him up
he's a Frankenstein you don't the catch
though I did just blow out you have to
either you for anything ghosts okay that
doesn't make any sense that's the
dumbest fucking thing I've ever heard
yes Frankenstein's made out of different
people there'd be like eight or ten
Frankenstein but well maybe but they're
still the ghosts are still merging goes
far that's depressing isn't it yeah you
spend all of the afterlife just as a
piece of a larger thing that sucks that
would suck but this music has not
changed up this entire time
no but hasn't it in my head now fucking
in my head now where'd it go said
there's a ghost
analysis rich you mentioned that you
don't read a lot but you do have
favorite science fiction books are you
familiar with arthur c clarke and
stanislaw lem if not i highly recommend
them
i don't read as often as i probably
should but this mean I've never read
rich you know I've heard you've never
read I mentioned that you don't read
much that means you don't read ever
because this is the Internet
I've never read an Arthur Sze Clarke
book or Stannis Stanislaw LEM so okay
only child says looking at you guys is
like looking at phil collins three years
70 phil collins with a j eighties folk
columns with rich and current full
columns with a jack do you guys like
Phil Collins appropriate question um
some stuff I guess I'm a musical idiot I
couldn't even tell you like a song
that's definitively Phil Collins a song
yeah was that is that the pilot of Miami
Vice that like that that whole sequence
to I don't think it's no it's not that
song now is its own song Miami Vice is
the Miami Vice theme song no no in in
the I want to say in the pilot episode
of Miami Vice
hello I'm Nadia they used they used that
song okay in an extended sequence okay
and it's fucking brilliant in a terrible
way
it's just like so heartfelt and and
locky and it's just Don Johnson like
calling his wife on the phone saying
like this is gonna be a big one I don't
know if I'm gonna make it and you know
like as the song goes in to do to do to
and they're driving in their car and all
the lights and that classic Miami Vice
look it's so fucking cheesy
I don't think I've ever seen an episode
of Miami Vice there's a problem
it's Michael Mann and I like Michael
Mann I like that era of Michael Mann so
I should watch it I don't know how much
involvement he had with the entire
series but I know it started as his show
anonymous says one guess what I had for
dinner
hints made out of process horse penis
and Chinese people - on a more serious
note I saw Swiss Army man and it was
actually great
3 finally favorite Hitchcock film
question mark mm-hmm
I'd say probably psycho is my favorite
so I go is the only one I've seen really
no that's a shame well I see the birds
actually I take that back
okay I've seen psycho in the bird's eye
like rear window a lot rear windows
classic I like one of his later movies
frenzy I like a lot because that's the
period when when movies were getting a
little looser with what they could get
away with so he's just starting to get
into sleazy territory as much as he
could and there's some really really
great sequences in it so friends if
you've never seen frenzy if you're
looking for a lesser Hitchcock movie
that still has some really well done
really well executed sequences in it I
highly recommend frenzy Galactic Sean's
is Jay have you seen beyond the Black
Rain dub rainbow is dark surreal and
really weird
yes and I love it for all those reasons
I have the the soundtrack to it I'd like
the music in that movie a lot and I love
the the look of it I love the visual
style of it gobbledygook says check out
fresh snugs weazened the juice buddy yes
remember when Pauly Shore was a thing
my sister was obsessed with him that's
why every Washington's seen a lot of
people were for like a year I didn't
realize what that was like halfway
through saying I would otherwise I was a
buddy yeah I would have gotten that
right the only movie of his that I can
imagine actually juice no easing the
joke
the only movie of his I can imagine
maybe holds up would be son-in-law
I remember that one being okay I haven't
seen any of these movies since high
school you know he's probably playing it
a little more straight and you know he
is supposed to be the weirdo right yeah
I have a feeling that movie might kind
of hold up what about in the army now I
don't even I know Andy Dick was like his
buddy in that but that and it's like
normal Andy Dick not like Andy day yeah
and Lori petti and America's long-lost
sweetheart she's not orange is the new
black now oh yeah she's really good on
it I like that Laurie Betty look first
of all how she never became America's
Sweetheart I think she's a little too
weird a little too Corky and she she
made choices like Tank Girl which I like
her in that movie I don't think that
movies a little bit of a mess but I like
her in it a lot that's why that's the
Tank Girl is why she's my sweetheart
okay I don't know and of course a league
of their own
a league of their own league of their
own and tanco right up there in my book
do I need to see tank girl have you
never seen it no um should I don't know
I haven't seen in a really long time I
remember I like her in it a lot I like
the character of Tank Girl and Malcolm
McDowell is pretty good in it but I
remember the story being a mess the
story's a huge man it the editing was
terrible and the the animatronic guys
know they look good oh I remember them
looking good
one of them's ice-t so it was one of
those movies that it almost felt like
like an attempt to manufacture a cult
movie or it felt like it was trying too
hard but I have not seen it in a really
long time maybe it's been so long but
you should see it this is a
post-apocalyptic thing and it's it's
weird
based off of a cult comic yeah just a
weird weird the fact that it was a major
studio release is kind of surprising
what year was that
oh god 90 girl I say 96 or 97 was it
around the same times barbed wire I
think it was a little before a barbed
wire it paved the way for barbed wire
sir I'm acting like the obscure stuff
before they got around but like you're
Iron Man's yeah tanker was 95 95 yeah
shit when was barbed wire I did not see
that coming our wire is 96 a lot of
shitty movies in the 90s yeah a lot of
shitty movies now godly groups who's
honest a DC Universe Online is good if
DC Universe Online is on ps4 it's a free
you fuck I've heard that about DC
Universe Online that it's been fritz
free but it's not ps4 that's a new bit
to the no its own it's free so he's been
DC Universe Online yeah all right I'm
just your Nutter down with the bit I'm
down with a bit get get down with the
sickness yeah Lou Gehrig's mouse who
says also Killing Joke was playing at
the AMC theater in Milwaukee on July
25th and 26th would you go see it for a
tip and if so how much if I want to see
it I wouldn't publicize it I just want
to go and see it then that's not like
like you want to see a good animated
movie in a theater as far as the
animation goes that the animation looks
cheap and shitty for that I don't think
you need to see that the theater I'd
probably rather spend what the ticket
would cost buying a copy of the DVD
there you go honestly I have heard that
that was just like a bad like the the
editor of the trailer who did something
poorly and it actually doesn't look like
that shitty animation and as I work no I
don't believe it someone yeah they
probably went in after the fact spent a
lot of money cleaning it up that's
damage control that's more likely
because it's a hype release they're
gonna want to probably fix it if there's
a problem right I mean it's a big issue
deal as far as their there's
straight-to-dvd comic book cartoons go
yeah
I mean this has to sell more than any of
the other ones that produce what it's
done they've done other Batman ones but
is this the first one to have
what's-his-face as Batman again Kevin
income no it's actually not it's
probably the first one to have him and
Mark Hamill though okay the same one
it's it's not just it's not just Kevin
Conroy it's that stories - sure there's
probably the most famous story they've
adapted well Dark Knight Returns but
it's up there you know sure once you add
Mark Hamill and Kevin Conroy on top of
it it just makes it that much bigger
look a telegin says J have you seen
Triplets of Belleville
it's a French animated film which has an
art style which is simultaneously
beautiful and disgusting I have not
heard of it I've just never gotten
around to Seaton it Grasmick military
says evening gents been a while since
I've caught a stream Jay great work on
the new review series rich and Jay noble
effort with the pokey rich and Jack I'm
assuming event noble effort with the
Pokemon go stream there's a huge success
success that burned Jack a big
improvement on stream layout oh that's
not saying it's good but you got a big
grateful goddamn shit on so much for
that you get a compliment I'll figure
and you're gonna be an asshole about it
fuck you asshole it's barely a
compliment though that's an improvement
that's like that's like what your mom
says when you go from getting a D - C -
well that didn't suck so bad yeah no I
mean listen obviously change is hard to
deal with this is something that I wants
maybe people don't want them I'm hoping
that at very least at the end of the day
people just don't care enough to put up
that big a hissy fit cuz I like it madam
says rich and Jay how is the dan Aykroyd
vodka you can speak your mind since the
stream isn't sponsored I honestly have
no idea reg did not have
I had plenty and it was very delicious
although I mostly drinking it mixed with
the ecto cooler I only did I think I
only didn't know I'd it I think I did
two shots of it straight and it's very
smooth it's good stuff that's great and
it comes in that awesome skull Cashel
horses Jack - horse
now that you have familiarized yourself
with the Lytro cinema literal electro
lyt ro
oh yeah the camera that can focus on
multiple things okay yeah light Romeo
are there any directors that you know
who may one day benefit from this new
technology you know changing what's in
focus
etc somebody who's bad at it because
then you can go in later and fix it
probably like I'm I'm trying what I'm
trying to do is you know the light to
our Cinema Camera is this amazing thing
because it's not just about focal depth
like it takes something I guess like
about like 3,000 frames per second it
takes something like 3,000 frames per
second yeah and it gathers focal depth
information and lighting information of
different ISO s right and so like it's
not just about like changing focus on a
whim you can change how an entire scene
looks on a whim it's gonna be amazing I
can't imagine any practical use for it I
know it sounds kind of scary like if it
ever became something that was used
regularly it's like you don't even have
to plan how you make your movies you
just figure it all out and pose exactly
that's a little scary that is a little
scary it makes you worry about like
that's my problem with like the Paul
Feig movies it's like well this film a
bunch improv and we'll make it work
later I don't know I have no vision haha
like that's kind of that's that's
frightening right I like movies with a
little bit of craftsmanship behind them
and it like it's it's gotta be so nice
to have the option we say oh like you
know I planned this to be dark and moody
but we don't want it to be as dark as I
shot it oh sure but I agree with you
yeah and any filmmaker who is going to
use this camera already knows how to use
the cameras already available you know
it's amazing and once we see this kind
of technology is amazing yeah and like
for our uses if we can see this in
affordable cameras fucki set up the
cameras shoot a show get it done get it
done right yeah yeah don't have to worry
about nothing
that would be like for for people who
shoot themselves yeah it's gonna be
amazing
that's the one thing I hate is like you
know like rich sits in my chair and
we're looking at each other through a
bar which is weird I don't know if they
can tell that for prereq rich sits in my
chair and I focus on him but it's just
like yeah what if he's leaning forward
what if I'm just slightly out of focus
oh yeah hey yeah that happens sometimes
with our videos and people pointed out
like that one shots out of focus like we
tried it was in focus we're not behind
the camera literally nobody behind the
camera right we do what we can but I I
can't imagine any any filmmaker or any
more importantly any cinematographer who
I really love it won't make a damn
difference to what they're doing I would
say the one filmmaker that would maybe
take advantage of it and maybe even use
it well would be David Fincher because
he is a filmmaker I don't know if you've
seen any behind the scenes stuff from
his more recent movies he alters
everything in posts like he'll combine
two different takes like a one shot but
different takes of whatever two actors
are in it and combine the two he changes
every little detail and he's very
specific about it okay so I can see him
maybe finding a way to use it to his
advantage sure sure
he's the only one ever though well he's
it like I could see you know cuz with
the with the Lytro steel camera there's
a web app for it where you can upload
your pictures and then people can play
with the focus themselves so I could see
some kind of like novelty shows sure
where you know like if they had a web
player and the viewer could change the
focal point while watching the show and
that changes the experience on how but
it'll wear off real
but like oh it's like what if it's a
detective story and you have to focus on
the different things yeah fun for one
video that'll be the selling point at
least now but no I can't see I just
can't see too much I'm in the hospital I
can't see too much practical use but not
saying there won't be we just got done
talking about the light draw I planned
that perfectly plan that perfectly great
I need to find out how to get a fucking
better car my car can only hold two
people really yeah and I have four
employees but it can only hold two
because and so I can only assume that I
can upgrade at some point sending the
Chad know how to upgrade Jack's cousin
who's played that ghost control who's
played not ghosts zero people right 0p0
people I played this nobody wants to
even look at the Ghostbusters anymore
just it's gonna make it's gonna make
everybody sick from now on Ghostbusters
a series that makes everyone think of
vile horrible political bullshit yeah
that's what it represents that's what
Ghostbusters means to me and they're
gonna forget about it divisive miss yeah
no people will forget about the movie
the the controversy and the arguing
that'll live on and the movie will be
secondary to that but eventually it'll
get back to you'll mention Ghostbusters
and people will know you're talking
about the 1984 film which is still a
great movie that's another thing I've
noticed kind of like after the force
awakens came out and there was all those
pieces like maybe we should rethink the
prequels as I've seen articles now that
are like you know the original
Ghostbusters wasn't that great to begin
with we have not seen them which is a
joke they're on that's a goddamn joke
the movie was just added to the the
National Film registry as being
culturally significant there was such a
significant film they're desperate to
stand up for this new Ghostbusters
Android's it stands for something yeah
women starring at a shitty comedy that's
that's important yeah oh you don't you
want to get behind a good movie when it
comes to that right there been better
movies recently to get behind a fury
road yeah yeah yeah though you want to
support a movie that does not rely on
I'm tearing one gender down to try and
make its characters more heroic I don't
think I think I mentioned in our
discussion that probably got cut is
though saying it's like someone you know
flipping the genders and all the women
are capable and great at everything and
all the men are idiots and are assholes
that's like I get what you're doing you
know can you imagine if Janine were like
a she wasn't a bimbo no could you
imagine if she were like a big-breasted
bimbos yeah dumb as a rock and Bill
Murray only hired her because he wanted
to fuck her right that's not the case
can you imagine
but yeah so by flipping it try to say
like oh these are staples of but they're
not stables of Ghostbusters movies there
certainly are dumb like Michael Bay type
movies where every female is you know a
tramp or an idiot or whatever and it's
like that's never been ghostbusters so
flipping that and making all the women
you know brilliant and perfect and all
the men idiots is like you know it's
like if someone says fuck you and your
response is fuck you too like you're not
accomplishing anything like given your
example it's like someone says fuck you
then you turn to the next guys they will
fuck you what they do it yeah fuck you
back to the right person yeah there's
nothing positive about about doing this
yeah we're back on Ghostbusters again
I'll read it I'll read more tips yeah so
Ghostbusters fuck off I better find it
quick you find it and never says
random question for each of you just for
fun yeah what would you think of the new
Ghostbuster the other rlm guys to a
restaurant who would you bring to a
five-star restaurant a popular local
food joint a McDonald's and why it's a
very weird question yeah I'd bring us
all to the nice popular local food joint
yeah can't we all go yeah like why do we
have to play favorites you go to a fancy
five-star right we'll just go to the
popular new joy why we all go to el
fuego nothing goes fine okay we're all
going el fuego boom
Tomic mousetrap says don't forget psycho
had a sequel with the funniest ending
I've ever seen in my life I like the
psycho sequels every time about the end
of psycho - whack ke tang is the end of
that message k tang I did I sent all
camp so I think I know what part they're
talking about as being funny but I don't
recall anything that happened in the
sequels remind me um the second one he's
finally let out and there's the sister
of you know a character that was killed
in the first movie and she's trying to
say he shouldn't be let out and he's
just it's just Norman Bates trying to
adjust to being back in society and
people start dying and he's wondering if
he still fucked up in the head or if
it's someone setting him up it's a
decent sequel to psycho okay and the
third one is directed by Anthony Perkins
and it has a Coen Brothers vibe to it
and Jeff a he's in it and he's awesome
and it has a real like kind of macabre
sense of humor and then the fourth one
is kind of dull but two and three I
actually think they're decent sequels
what didn't want to come out um early
eighties it's a weird thing ya know let
me see one that came out yeah I I I
would actually if you've never seen
psycho two or three I would recommend
them
psycho three is really interesting from
a visual from a directing standpoint and
it was directed by Anthony Perkins
psycho - is 83 okay so I'm gonna guess
psycho 3 is probably 84 or 85
f-86 when anthony hopkins really needed
the money
anthony perkins perkins yeah sorry and
that's that's what i like about those
movies is him his performance and just
the Norman Bates character especially in
the second one Orissa let out of the
loony bin and he's like wandering
questioning his own sanity or he's like
he spent so much time trying to you know
get back to normal and then he gets out
and immediately he's being fucked with
did they manage to pull off making him
sympathetic yeah that's what makes those
sequels work is that you care about him
you know he tried to be rehabilitated
and you're rooting for him to be
rehabilitated you don't want him to go
back to his old ways so your let's
rooting for him and just rooting for not
murder
no you're rooting for him he's likeable
that's what makes that that character
work is Anthony Perkins performance he
makes you care about Norman Bates
gahafer Jack says do you guys have any
hidden talents like drawing writing or
sports like skateboarding or skiing etc
does jr. Mike have a beautiful voice I
know rich does I don't think any of us
have beautiful voices
I can draw pretty well I used to do it a
lot when I was a little kid I haven't
done it a long time but I'd rar dwell in
school when I was a kid I don't think
I'm anything to shake a stick at I'm a
pretty good stick shaker okay that's my
hidden talent yeah that's cool yeah I
got that going for me
your goal or velmont says your
Ghostbusters review was a great and
you're right how about your right about
how certain people info infiltrate
mediums and loath the fandoms look at
the video game press and how much they
hate gamers I just don't think that's
true
I don't think that's there I have no
idea I don't know I just don't know
anything about anything and I hate
getting dangerously close to politics
yes I don't blame you okay no I mean
I've heard that before the the video
game press and it's just like I talked
about like one article that's critical
like come in nice so I ain't getting
into the politics cuz it's it's kind of
like the the opening crawl to Attack of
the Clones but slightly different there
are villains on both sides like like I
might agree with a anita secured ian but
like the shit that's happened to Leslie
Jones on Twitter because that's all part
of the same kind of feminism not
feminism political bullshit that's going
on yeah well there's no room for
discussion on anything anymore yeah I'm
with the actual politics it's just it's
the the extremes of any any end of the
conversation shouting the loudest
absolutely sarkeesian yeah look that's a
look there's how much attention I've
paid like I said I don't want to put my
foot in that that that shit yeah
no it's dumb it's all dumb people get
people get so caught up in it and it's
just like you know it is sure it's like
nerd culture or whatever but it's you
know it's you get to choose what part of
it you're a part of that was a lot of
parts but you know there's so much
garbage out there just let it let it be
man
what is this even do lord Belmonte says
Jay I saw the neon demon I loved it what
do you think of it I loved it
all right I've talked about it a little
bit earlier I guess I'm getting caught
up on things so either came in late or
before you said something about I'm not
sure which it was shit anonymous says
you missed my tip you fucks no we didn't
I know you're busy so I ain't even men
you two are great entertainers and
prereqs one of my all-time favorite
YouTube channels keep up the good work
lol fuck my cock etc etc anima says hey
guys me and my friend are huge fans and
relate to your movie criticisms a lot
just wondering what your next half in
the bag episode will be on uh well
what's the next big movie that comes out
it's that what is that you know what
comes out this weekend apparently no no
actually now it will get out y'all it's
sabotage that's the new theme song to
Star Trek punch in what if that they
know they're working on my new Star Trek
TV show what if the theme song to that
is the Beastie Boys there's no way
that's gonna happen no don't don't do
that where we're at rich
I didn't know that was so close to being
out yep this weekend oh there ya are
Belmont says J will there be a review of
Terminator 1 and or two
what about the thing sounds of the Lambs
and The Shining no these are all things
I'm sure we'll get to oh all the big
ones what other thing all great import
movies great series J thanks
well Terminator 1 we did a commentary
track for so I would doubt we'll do that
I think we said everything there is to
say um I don't know probably Terminator
2 at some point I've not watched
Terminator 2 in a very long time I just
don't care if her Ernie as the
protagonist in those he's a robot
yes robot isn't that weird that now the
odd one out is the first one yes it is
every sequel to Ernie's Ben oh I guess
except for salvation that one's sort of
the weird stepchild but all the other
ones he's got to be the good guy now and
he's not as interesting is the good guy
that's that's what's great about the
first one just two human beings
against this unstoppable killing machine
right yeah it's so simple
yeah and perfect and the the idea of
making him a good guy in the second one
is sort of novel and it's fine for that
movie but the fact that that became the
regular aspect of the series is weird
it's cuz its popularity
mmm-hmm Arnold and the second movie yeah
Tim salmon says hijack rich NJ Oh Jay
what are some of your favorite scream
factory releases so far other than the
upcoming thing and Exorcist 3 releases
oh my god I'm so excited about the thing
are the yeah the thing but also the
Exorcist 3 have you heard about this no
probably not
um Exorcist we saw Exorcist 3 at the old
studio right we watched it one time I
love that movie but it was fucked with
by the studio because they said there's
no exorcism in this movie
so they later eesh because it was based
on a William Peter Blatty his book
legion which had you know some
characters from The Exorcist but it was
a completely separate story and that's
what he made the movie as so the
studio's like you gotta have an exorcism
so they reshot the ending they reach out
a couple scenes throughout the movie to
try and tie it in more with the first
Exorcist movie and all the original
footage that was like the original
ending and a couple other scenes
throughout the movie were you know cut
out thought to be lost forever
but now they're doing a new cut of the
movie they have all that material and so
they're putting out a new cut of the
movie which I'm super excited about
because I think Exorcist 3 this is one
of the best movies ever so is gonna be
the original vision it's gonna be
William Peter but ladies original vision
for what the movie was supposed to be
elastic so it is something that I never
thought would ever exist and I've always
been kind of curious about so the fact
that it's actually coming out is pretty
amazing so I'm really looking forward to
that I think that's in October maybe and
then they're doing a special addition to
the thing as far as current releases
what's been really good ones escape from
New York's really great all the John
Carpenter ones they've done a good job
with and they've done like half of his
movies at this point
awesome mint 455 says hey guys just
enjoyed gorilla interrupted for the
first time Wow enjoyed it way too much I
can't believe that but okay funny you
see the earlier days of red letter media
side question what do you think of
Australia welcome your spiders are big
yeah yeah you got big creepy bugs
spiders are big thank you for Mad Max
and Farscape yeah I've never been there
I want to go to Australia I've seen the
documentary not quite Hollywood about
the oscillation films and there's some
good stuff in there Tim salmon says by
the way Jane have you heard about the
upcoming blu-ray releases of chopping
mall and blood diner Lionsgate is
finally doing something with their
catalogue of horror movies on blu-ray I
have heard about that I'm excited about
shopping mall I've never seen blood
diner so I have no idea but but shopping
malls a lot of fun naanum says jay
loving the Twin Peaks
esque review set can we look forward to
a fire walk with me review before the
show returns seems to have received more
love over time yeah I love that movie
and I know a lot of people hated it when
it came out cuz they wanted answers and
of course you're not gonna get that from
David Lynch well I think a lot of people
be pissed off with the new season of
Twin Peaks cuz it's not gonna be what
people think they want it's gonna be
dark and weird and it's not it's gonna
frustrate people but I love fire walk
with me I would probably have to be a me
and Josh one because I think we might be
the only ones that would care have you
seen it Jack fireworks sure what do you
think of it probably not jack cuz you've
seen 20 I'm a huge fan yeah I I have
little literally no strong feelings
about it because some answers would have
been nice like and that's the fun is not
the word I would use to describe it but
our kind of fun it's it's a nice
addition to the world is I guess what I
mean by fun yeah but I I have no strong
feelings about it okay mostly because I
really like really love a straight
narrative oh sure so sure no I I love
that movie a lot and yeah maybe closer
to the show maybe me and Josh will do
something on it sir on twitch in the
chat Dredd was not a fucking remake no
Dredd is not a remake Dredd has nothing
to do with the Stallone movie
I know now that says J I'm a nurse at a
drug and alcohol detox and I need best
of the worst type movies to show my
patients during the evenings violence is
violence is okay but nudity is not
allowed I already showed disco Godfather
think think think
they just say thank well this is there's
a carrot okay let's go through this we
don't charge by the letter in the
donation so they work in a detox center
and the name and they show the people
that are there shitty movie isn't during
the evenings during the evenings this is
very bizarre this is okay I don't know
if I believe any of this
I've shown the Garbage Pail Kids movie
how about that that's my recommendation
I'm the only one that likes that shitty
movie
I need to do something with it yeah
either a review or bus it needs to be on
best of the worst you shouldn't be on
review fuck I had all the cards but the
movie is a different beast altogether
everyone liked the cards nobody likes
the movie and it is a terrible movie but
I think it's a fascinating Lee bad movie
mmm the state home for the ugly where
they they they drive around in vans like
dog catchers and if they see an ugly
person they got a big butterfly net and
they capture them and take them to the
state home for the ugly I'm dreading
somebody thought of that and put it in
the kids movie I'm dreading that and I'm
dreading nuki oh yeah yeah we just need
a couple more of those and then we can
do something yeah also Mac and me Mac
and me oh god I don't remember Mac and
me being painful I haven't seen in a
long time but I don't remember what the
fuck the occasion was at my other school
when I was a kid they had us all get
together in the gym as part of an
assembly and we watched Mac and B oh my
god I have a ward for something I don't
know but it felt like a punishment
that's not a reward can I please have a
test anonymous rich are you dateable I'm
desperate for you I love you I am taken
very much taken anonymous says poop then
anonymous says quality uh discussions
going on tonight
that was worth fun isn't fun and then
Anonymous's here's my two dollar
question is Jay familiar with the
violent shit film series uh familiar
with them never seen him probably won't
see them cuz I don't care I know enough
about them to know that I don't think I
would find them entertaining anonymous
says lots of anonymous nobody wants to
give their fucking name weird fellow
Wisconsinite here
ever hear of Bill Drew bein an
exploitation film maker with a studio on
central WI who made eternal classics
giant spider invasion or twisters
revenge oh yeah total insanity
we love twisters revenge I've actually
never seen giant spider invasion they
played at the Milwaukee Film Festival a
couple years ago and I think Bill Rebane
was there I think it was like him and
Mark borchardt doing let some sort of QA
right yeah I didn't go yeah twisters
revenge is a light-hearted movie about a
man who kills people with a talking
monster truck it doesn't talk doesn't
have a talking computer Oh does it no I
don't remember I thought it has a
computer that talks in the I remember
it's it's somewhat sentient but I don't
remember talking it's been a while maybe
it doesn't talk I don't know but it's
nice no it has this bizarre bar she's
alive yeah yeah exactly but as that
weird scene in a borrower there's like a
giant vat head creature but it's just
supposed to be some normal bar and
there's like weird fat ladies dancing on
stage and there's a giant bat monster
and it just takes place in central
Wisconsin you do something with twisters
revenge one of these days we should I
think i streamed it one year when I did
one of my screams I think I I played
that one
refute what stirs revenge hey maybe we
could get biller vane if he's I think
he's still alive now we'll get him down
here Lord Belmont says Jay about the
thing blu-ray if you if I already own
the original blu-ray release of that is
the new release worth getting it is a
higher quality film transfer question
mark I love the thing if you love the
thing I mean it's not out yet but based
on what they're saying there's a ton of
new stuff new interviews and new
featurettes and stuff and it is a new
transfer I think it's either a 2k or 4k
transfer maybe maybe wait to hear people
what people say about it just in case
there's some kind of tremendous cock up
that's true which has happened before
with screen factory they fucked up with
their army of Darkness blu-ray it was
like a random shot missing from it so
they had to recall it and you know some
people replacement discs but I mean
based on the specs for it it sounds like
it's worth an upgrade some Semin says
Jay I just saw possession for the first
time man oh man is that an amazing movie
possession is one of my favorite movies
now yeah I'm sure that's a review
completely unique batshit insane amazing
camerawork yes dialed up to 11
performances it's a masterpiece
I would agree completely I would like to
do it for a review I'm the only one
that's seen it um 82 I believe 81 or 82
starring Sam Neill and Isabelle Adjani
from Ishtar giving one of the most raw
and emotional and insane performances
she's like completely fearless in that
movie and yeah the camerawork is amazing
and CC 1701 the D says J or whoever
can't me to say whoever then you know
what you're you're you're you're special
I guess they love you
hey or whoever oh yeah you know one of
those other Schmucks ooh cares
have you ever seen the original Fright
Night sequel
I loved it with a larger monster crew
but that might just be nostalgia plus
the new girlfriend is super cute remakes
sucked
I remember the remake being okay I know
we did it on half in the bag and I have
no idea what I said about it cuz I have
not seen it since we saw it in the
theater for that was I know it was just
me and Mike I know I saw the movie with
you did you yeah I wouldn't have got to
think I would have gone to see them I
think there was the same episode we did
the Conan remake I think so yeah you
went to both of those with us yeah yeah
yeah yeah I saw the original frame a
part too I actually saw it somewhat
recently it's okay it's not the first
one and yeah the girlfriend is super
cute in it
she's also in the movie my boyfriend's
back about the high school kid that
comes back as a zombie how sad yeah some
salmon says I know you guys don't do
animated stuff but I'm but I'm sending
you three but I'm sending you three of
them for best of the worst that
understandable
batshit animated Titanic movies just
remember this the ship doesn't sink and
it is saved by a giant talking octopus I
think I've heard of this sounds great I
think I've heard of this movie are they
like afraid to have children see the
horrible end of the Titanic yeah I think
so
that's dumb here's the story of the
Titanic except nothing is accurate it
has nothing to do with anything
speaking of that did you know they made
a Gilligan's Island cartoon show
Gilligan's planet okay they Begley
remember this they get stranded an alien
planet
they make cartoons out of anything in
the 80s yeah
junk head 1979 have any of you guys seen
the Roger Corman flick galaxy of terror
starring CID hey and Robert Englund it's
an amazing crappy movie this is one of
my favorites
what are your opinions galaxy I haven't
seen it I've heard of it quite a new
same Armand thing same I've heard of it
yeah I didn't know Sid Haig and Robert
Englund are in it that makes me more
interested in Cena no one fucking Google
how you upgrade this dumb ass car goes
controlling cuz I'm losing my fucking
mind I really just want to upgrade my
car
shadow Elite 5 says Jack and rich
caution who's the other guy again some
ticket what other guy look I'm sorry you
were doing a different bit that's fine
it's all fine I kept hanging up on calls
cuz I wanted to search around and see
how I can upgrade my car and I'm just
there we go
gotta wait for the ghost calls who are
you gonna call it goes control link and
that is right Douglas Adams did make a
computer game featuring a starship
Titanic oh it's there was Titanic in
space that was a Doctor Who episode as I
was saying it there was also a Titanic
in space Doctor Who episode was the
Christmas special what makes it why the
Titanic and not just a ship why is it
how is it specifically the Titanic I
think it was a time-traveling ship hmm
and was it and it was just one of those
like let's call it the Titanic thank God
has it had been so far since the real
Titanic sank that they thought it was it
was I don't I don't remember
yeah episode that well Gordon Shumway
that's Alf
I know that's all I don't know why
you're saying his name that's why oh oh
ok I think you were I was trying to
figure out confused I looked over at the
TV I don't like Gordon Shumway
is I'm sorry I should have said
something whose bill free I'm gonna get
a guess he's one of the Frog brothers
from Oh throne Lost Boys yeah my guess
where do they remake him that that's
about do I think they are actually that
could be wrong I know they did some
directed DVD sequels that nobody saw
maybe that's what I'm thinking of
there's a relatively recent I rented the
new apartment I rented the new apartment
and no car shop opened up they say we
gotta rent the new apartment I rented it
maybe you need a newer bigger apartment
maybe you ever think of that
no I didn't bitch cheap I had a really
scary nightmare last night involving
Corey Feldman speaking of the Frog
brothers go on the par with Corey
Feldman was not the nightmare part but
it was a legitimate nightmare where I
woke up and like I couldn't fall back
asleep it was like 2:00 in the morning
and I didn't fall back asleep until like
5:00 because I was so freaked out but I
was at some like office party and some
liked all you know high-rise office
building maybe it was like a holiday
party or something but Corey Feldman was
there and so everyone was like god it's
funny that Corey Feldman is here and he
just like crashed this random party and
so we're all hanging out and then I get
on the elevator to leave the party Corey
Feldman had left at this point yeah and
we're going down in the elevator me and
like an elevator full of people and I
think it was like someone else I was
with was in the elevator next to us like
there's two elevators going down at the
same time and we heard a loud crash from
their elevator and then right after we
were like what the fuck is that then
right after that our elevator just
stopped and her like whoa what's
happening we opened the doors and
there's a bunch of people with guns that
are have rushed into the apartment Lobby
or the building lobby and they're just
shooting the place up it was like a mass
shooting thing in my nightmare and then
that's when I like I hid under the
stairs of the main lobby of the building
and I look over and there's a guy with a
gun and he doesn't notice me and the
Mets when I woke up and I was like well
I'm not going back to sleep it was
fucking terrifying
terrify get there like the way it
happened
the-dream I'm kind of glossing over it
but it was really intense I'm sorry I
could not wisely so I put on the Naked
Gun I was like I can't fall back asleep
I need to watch something mindless and
silly help me Leslie Nielsen that was
the correct so I put on the Naked Gun
and then I finally fell back asleep at
like 5:00 in the morning it was not a
pleasant night I would believe that I
camera less time I had like a real
nightmare like that it's been a while
yeah that's I mean that's a that's a bad
one
yeah topical well that's the thing is
like it's it's I guess it's on my mind
yeah subconsciously that kind of shit I
don't know how Corey Feldman fits into
it but he was there I don't I don't know
if he survived in the dream I don't know
what happened to him lately none of my
nightmares have been bad things
happening to me in the dream it's been
hearing that people I know and love have
died no guys really yeah oh yeah it's a
really grateful thing when you wake up
though
frenzy frenzy or however the hell you
spell that that gives you had like eight
constants together when you got H&R; min
and I and Anna Xia it's a weird name
it's a weird day but I'm just gonna say
her NZ threatens my fingers lately wrong
and I don't care get a normal name that
says is it the new hipster thing to like
the Ghostbusters a few guys I know a few
guys I know say they like it and claim
the movie is better than a claim they
talk about the new one oh the new one
and claim that movie is better than the
1984 one should I punch them and can I
use you as libel no like if someone
likes the movie they can like the movie
they can even think it's better than the
other one I mean they're wrong that's
totally them and then you just you just
know that their taste in movie is
garbage not even that it's not it's very
very different there are people even
people that don't necessarily like the
movie that much that think that Kate
McKinnon is the best part of it no III I
can kind of see it like cuz she's the
most charismatic she said seems like
she's she's supposed to be funny she's
trying to do a thing I found it to be
too unhinged but I mean you know
whatever early people could like the new
movie if they want there's no reason to
like punch them in the face over it or
even get mad at him over it not nice to
punch people in the face lalibela
machine 3 to 2 says hey Jase I know you
once said that you're sick of our
culture's glorification of nostalgia
however you said on Twitter that you
like strange things was that an example
of references used right yeah because it
doesn't feel like it's not my problem is
is because i think i mentioned that when
we talked about pixels where it's
literally just remember this and it's
just completely surface level like
here's the thing you remember stranger
things it feels like it's made by people
that these are the things they cared
about growing up it's done in the style
of an 80s
it's not ripping off it's not ripping
off and it's not just like you might see
like in the background there's a poster
for the thing yeah but the focus of the
scene isn't remember the thing it's just
a little detail so it's it's a different
thing I don't I I've heard some people
use that complaint against the show or
they say it's like a nostalgia pandering
and I don't get that vibe at all cause
it's still its own story
you could you could take out the little
knobs and it still functions as a story
plus I think having it set in the 80s
makes it more interesting than if it was
set today that's why a lot of horror
movies and stuff are set in the pasts
because you know nothing scary when
everyone has a cell phones oh there's a
killer I'm gonna call right the police
right now they always have to come up
with some excuse like I'm not getting
any reception I was consciously thinking
of this while watching stranger things
like this were modern the cell phone
would be whipped out yep yep and as you
get later in the series there's some
things that I guess you haven't gotten
to yet but yeah there's crazy events
that someone would film
yeah I'm put on YouTube and that's not
as interesting as a simpler time where
you have to keep buying a phone a
wall-mounted rotary phone because it
keeps getting zapped by lightning from
another dimension how do you know I
don't buy er
I do not believe her for one moment in
that show say its thing I'm honestly
trying to think of the last time I've
seen the Winona Ryder in a movie she was
in the ten the David Wayne movie did you
ever see that the anthology about the
Ten Commandments she's actually really
funny at it oh yeah she falls in love
with a ventriloquist dummy not the guy
but the the dummy and she starts having
an affair with the dummy
she's like legitimately funny in it and
I
don't which is this it's called the 10
it's the same guy that directed what had
American summer it's an anthology of
shorts and each short is about a
different one of the ten commandments
okay it's kind of hit and miss but some
of its really funny junk code 1979 says
in reference to galaxy of terror
damn it guys you disappoint me it had
sing Hague Robert Englund tits and
maggot rain how far the maggots are a
Peter the maggots getting raped
that's a great question Jay this is an
important distinction and then I'll
decide if I watch the movie or now how
do you rape a maggot without like just
exploding it may be their giant space
maggots no no no I've heard of this
movie forever I've just never gotten
around to watching it Roger Corman
produced a lot of movies I'm not sure if
you're aware there's a lot of movies to
keep track of some salmon says Jay you
put on the Naked Gun watched OJ Simpson
get riddled with bullets in the opening
minutes and then I slept like a baby
yeah yeah oh my god that opening scene
is so funny I guess that's not the
opening the opening is all the the world
leaders yeah Leslie Nielsen beat you up
but then yeah Oh Jay Simpson where he's
trying to eat sneaks onto the boat and
he just gets riddled with bullets then
his arm falls in the wet paint
then his face falls in a wedding cake
I'm really fun of Leslie Nielsen trying
to be quiet sneaking into the place and
then he's like hitting buttons and start
playing music oh yeah yeah when he
sneaks into the apart yeah that's the
most goofy scene in the movie but it
works I love that movie the best part is
he's riddled with bullets his arm Falls
against the wall that has the weapon
he's and he goes oh no he's suddenly
concerned about the wet paint on his
jacket
Susan's period says is it possible to
discuss how you develop the storyline
behind the half in the bed
series I surely can't make sense of it
though I love it neither can weep and he
says but heart after doing like a little
emoji kind of hard that's backward is
the the three looks like a bud oh they
say but heart
what does but hurt me and like I like
your but I'm assuming that's a reference
to the little emoji heart they typed out
what the great less than sign but it
looks a little bit like I don't know
these things
it looks it looks like a bunch a how do
we develop the half in the bag
storylines oh whenever we do an episode
we say well what do we do now it's been
a while since we've done something major
feels like we should do something big
yeah we'll see not necessarily
long-running but just like one yeah one
decently meaty sketch yeah we kind of
take a break well one we took a break
cuz a space cop trying to finish that
but then it was just generally being
sort of burnt out on the storyline stuff
or like we just want to talk about the
movies I can't tell you the overall
concept the whole VCR repair guy thing
we came up with after we shot the first
episode and then we reach out the first
episode because it was originally we
didn't know why we were in mr. plinkus
house we just knew that we were gonna be
there and they were like we need to have
some reason for us to be there there was
a little more elaborate but that was
basically what it was or is like we need
some sort of story to wrap this around
we can't just be in this dumpy house and
so yeah we reshot the first episode
after we came up with the whole VCR
repair thing I'm Kenny powerses Kenny
goddamned Powers is back have you seen
if you three seen Seinfeld or Curb Your
Enthusiasm what's your opinion on that
type of comedy love Seinfeld and that's
probably my favorite sitcom of all time
I love Seinfeld but I don't have cable I
haven't had cable in years so I haven't
ever actually seen Curb Your Enthusiasm
right it was HBO yeah even when I had
cable I didn't have HBO okay I think
he's gonna do another season of it too I
think he's coming back oh really
yeah yeah I like Curb Your Enthusiasm a
lot that's not Seinfeld but it's
I like Larry David smarter uh it's sort
of like an entire series based around
George Costanza if he was an even worse
person yep
it's sort of it's almost like a horror
movie where you're just waiting for him
to say something awful or do something
terrible unwittingly
it's it's pretty great but yeah Seinfeld
was that was my show in high school I
loved so I still loved Seinfeld limping
fishes hello does Jay have an opinion on
the 1984 Dario Arjun
Argento Argento movie phenomenon also on
a similar and a simian related note
alright
well does the rest of this that makes
sense up but how about the wonderfully
bizarre 1985 psycho orangutan movie link
I've never seen link I think Elizabeth
Shue is in that movie link but I've
never seen it like missing link yeah
even though rankings isn't even close to
the missing link cousin at best maybe it
makes sense in the movie I don't know is
phenomenon I think that's the one that
has an alternate title of creepers with
Jennifer Connelly if it is I know I saw
it once many many years ago and I
remember it being weird and disjointed
but kind of interesting visually if it's
the same movie I'm thinking of but I had
a very vague memories of it did that guy
died he did he went insane has he gone
forever
he's gone forever I'm sorry that's
alright he lost one of your people he
went insane dill Farooq no I like yes I
lost bill Farooq and I'm just guessing
that based on the facial Yashin he got
too scared it did cuz I like I also
don't know how to level up my guy is and
I
how to level up my car and I don't know
how to do anything except for the things
I've been doing so you're just kind of
dicking around I've basically I've been
dicking around for about three hours and
I guess I'm okay with that because you
know we've been busting ghosts and
talking about shit this is a talky
stream exactly I can do really
mindlessly okay and it's like turn base
so I can take my time aimless courser
says hey J and the other two man just
wondering if you have seen 1999's
Mystery Men certainly not a great film
but I kind of like the premise of a team
of lame superhero wannabes trying to
save the day I saw in the theater and I
remember thinking it was pretty funny I
remembered my favorite thing about the
movie was that the villains name was
Casanova Frankenstein and I just thought
that was a great name agree you know
what song is in that movie right jack
that was the first that used that song
actually excited for the mystery man
letdown okay but not bad not bad
i I liked how lame they are like isn't
William H Macy's the Shoveler where's
the shovel I shoveled well yeah that's
right great and I was excited to see
Paul Reubens in it because I was he's
sort of him and his comeback after his
incident it's as excited about well post
Buffy the Vampire Slayer that's right he
doesn't Buffy the Vampire Slayer and
then he was on Murphy Brown as one of
the secretaries he was not it for a
little while and I was excited to see
him on that and then yeah mystery man
was like the first big movie cuz he's
just a small part in uh Buffy the
Vampire Slayer yeah I remember it being
funny but I have not seen it since the
theater junk ed 1979 so a giant maggot
does the raping sold
how's Mike says Jay do you think that
the new Ghostbusters isn't as good
because other Paul Fang movies are a
little rely on a lot of gross humor and
sparring also if you watch that movie I
sent you love you man cheers which movie
did you see I don't know
you don't understand how many movies we
do we get a lot of movies here here's
here's the thing if you think about
movies that rely heavily on improv
comedy let's take the the first big
example of anchorman
right yes what's the overall plot of
anchorman there's not what much of one
there's just enough to hang the improv
oh it's it's just Ron Burgundy dealing
with a female reporter right that's it's
it's it's bill
it's a premise more so than it is
applaud and saying it's fine that means
every scene doesn't necessarily have to
go anywhere yeah because it's such a
loose plot a movie like ghostbusters you
got to keep moving things or you got
they got shit to do
yeah gotta go from A to B there's not a
lot of time there's not a lot of
breathing room yeah for improv comedy it
does but it also has a vision it has
someone driving the movie forward I've
been in Ivan Reitman the scenes still do
something yeah yeah it's not people
standing around a room yes just saying
things so the problems Paul fight yeah I
think the problems I think the problems
him trying to do that type of film
first of all Ghostbusters shouldn't be
an action movie but for whatever reason
they decide to turn into an action movie
at the end it's five minutes of an
action yeah I mean I'm I like
bridesmaids but I think that has more of
a vision from the fact that it was
written by Kristen Wiig she was and then
she plays the main character so I think
she had a vision for that movies sure
and Paul Feig just kind of pointed the
camera but that movie too is too long
there's too much improv what I was what
I would say about the movies there's a
good 90 minute comedy buried in there
somewhere because there's so much shit
that just gets dragged out have you seen
bridesmaids I still have not seen bright
I know I need to as I say there's a
scene on an airplane where Kristen Wiig
is drunk and making a scene and there's
funny stuff in it but it just keeps
going or it's like these are all funny
bits but you gotta whittle it down you
know you got to think about the the pace
of the overall movie so I think I think
Paul Feig just doesn't have any sort of
vision well I wonder who like the other
thing about ghostbusters that really
bothered me was the editing yeah and
obviously puffy as the director has a
say in that right so he's the one who
decides which bits of improv stay in
right so you have to awkward ly cobble
the scene together based on okay I
wonder if he's had similar editors weird
like this was this was awkward yeah yeah
I don't know if this is like the editors
he's using spy I have no idea he also
did a lot of freaks and geeks which is
one of my favorite shows ever he
directed a lot of that but that you have
constraints it has to be whatever 24
minutes right or whatever it is
this time it's lupus says hey guys this
donation is to go towards the inevitable
sequel to half an a bag airing in 20
years
featuring Jax kids and riches yet to be
born children as DVD player repairmen oh
did you he did you see an article was
written today Oh about the last VCR
being manufactured pan is manufacturing
the very last but I'm wondering somebody
else manufactures one after that you get
what you can yeah well no there's still
the DVD VCR combos are still being made
okay
I think through Magnavox because there
there's ones now that are made that
actually have an HDMI output I have one
at home and I think those are still
being made so I think they must in that
article they must mean the last just
straight VCR sure I think I haven't done
a lot of research on it sure but if
they're not going to make the magnet
ones with a HDMI out I'm gonna stock up
on them we give you so around here we
need them because they function as a DVD
recorder - which is good for best of the
worst yeah yeah mr. glitch and the chat
is asking so could Ghostbusters 2016 be
fixed with editing you can't you can't
edit in chemistry that's not there well
yeah you you actually might be able to
because I'm sure they shot so much more
that's the thing is it's hard to say
without knowing what else they shot that
they didn't use but it's like if you
could you know cuz maybe maybe they go
through the scene once kind of as
written right and then it's like alright
let's just have some fun with it and
then and that's where all the improv
starts so maybe if you can cobble down
one of the earlier takes that wasn't so
funny
but maybe gets the story movie yeah
possibly the problem is still to the
story's not interesting the villain is
weak and the action at the end is shitty
boom so I'm going to say no well you can
just cut out large parts of that action
I guess I need it that's true yeah we
don't need 15 minutes of them throwing
ghosts around with their proton packs
for no reason and then they could throw
a ghost into another ghost in that hurt
them yeah Wow how why how and why and
then they win the day through no help
from by themselves they don't Jessica
Slimer coincidentally came by that
moment their cleverest plan was to shoot
a boy ghost in his dick yeah that was
that was all they contributed to them oh
well if we shoot if we shoot the car
like how they see the car we can shoot
the car okay well oh great we shot the
car yeah boom oh no but now it's a giant
ghost we gotta get her let go of this
now what shoot his dick see that
actually makes sense though story wise
if he's like holding on like that makes
sense to do that but but that's all they
contributed yeah is what I'm saying oh
sure like they yeah if if Slimer hadn't
driven
they would have been fucked yeah yeah
you did you did it girls girl Paula a
coincidence happened coincidence and
great I'm kind of done
top ramens we heard about the Leslie
Jones Twitter thing and everybody's
horrible everybody's horrible I'd rather
just talk about the film
I'd rather daddy would do that at this
point yeah you're done let's just be
done let's go and thank some people and
then just be done are you caught up on
tips yeah that was it I think we need a
nice title screen hold on that's what's
uh how do we how do we stop I don't know
let me make the game not happen anymore
here we go quit well I want I want like
a just quit
just hit quit do you really want to stop
hunting ghosts yes there we go there we
go that's what I wanted I wanted that
nice title screen oh oh this is the
point in the stream in which we thank
our subscribers for everyone who's
confused watching the YouTube video
later why did I just shout out people's
names and I'm just saying weird things
exactly we're thanking all the people
who subscribe to us during this stream
episode the weirdest thing is you know
we cut them up into chunks on YouTube
now and so like they'll probably they
might watch like two or three where we
don't end it with screaming people's
names and then they come but much like
bless our drugs who has subscribed to us
for 21 fucking months in a row that's
amazing what do you do if someone
someone tips while you're doing this
well if there's one or two I'll read
them after words that bunch I'm sorry
yeah Magnus PU 18 months in a row and
they say Jack thanks for the great game
sunday rich thanks for a recommending
preacher best read I've had in a while
J thanks for being awesome you guys are
the best
thanks for all of the years of
entertainment thank you thank you
Magnus PU played necropolis with us oh
yeah yeah it was a fine Billis one week
we came we we got pretty far
Magnus peace beer Meister twenty eighty
nine ten
oh no what just finish it now ten months
in a row we usually don't say TC LP nine
nine nine
it just made everyone else feel less
than twenty two fucking months in a row
mr. glitch twenty fucking months in a
row mr. glyph says damn it I keep
forgetting to unsubscribe wakin twelve
months in a row they say oh good Ceri
Chancery Chen our other are other helper
playing necropolis thank you for saving
me so many times in necropolis sir Chen
says keep up the great work
Jay right and detective rich gumshoe say
Ratan I Bane xizt double zero g shots 22
fucking months in a row
thanks for nearly two years of great
streams as Jets heliosphere 1969 manic
12:15 here it is two years twenty four
fucking months in a row manic 12:15 says
can I ask if you have any favorite
documentaries also thanks for two years
worth of understanding your audience I
have them but just suddenly like that
caught off guard Rennell blank then you
seriously spellbound that was a big day
oh yeah that was a good documentary
documentary about the big spelling
smelling me I saw that in the theater
it's pretty good
I'd say off the top my head American
movie is pretty great I can't believe I
didn't say that one first yeah
American movies good Sean
the new gradient makes me happy to be a
subscriber scoot Mayo 21 fucking months
in a row big fat man 873 sky dandy 22
fucking months in a row Marie Gomez that
almost sounds like a backwards name your
right heel yeah Sam Lee Teuk
nope who's not listed in the cast for
the new season is he like you like yeah
I'm so sorry
it's very disconcerting he's an
important part oh it's a spooky surprise
that would be great that would be great
maybe they'll do that yeah he's a very
important part of my favorite aspect of
the show I hope he comes back whereas
lady Denning Tiberius Kirk and Tiberius
says I am NOT sorry we watched the dark
backward last night but I'm nearly alone
in that it's okay it's AI berries Kirk I
love that movie the dark dark backward
oh no you have that smile on your face
that says like it's great it takes place
in a world full of trash there's just
trash everywhere and Judd Nelson and
Bill Paxton played garbage men and Judd
Nelson is an aspiring stand-up comedian
but he's terrible and he plays like this
weird nerdy guy and they're in their
garbage men so you see like the garbage
truck going down an alley and they're
throwing garbage into it but there's
just garbage all over the ground anyway
so they're not accomplishing anything
and he's a terrible stand-up comedian
but one day an arm a third arm starts to
grow out of his back and that becomes
what gets him well known as a comedian
is he's the weird comedian with three
arms so he tells the same shitty jokes
and then Bill Paxton plays the accordion
so after every shitty joke he'll play a
little piece of the accordion and Judd
Nelson will we'll just put it all three
arms out and spin in a circle to show
off his three are
and that's his act and then Wayne Newton
becomes as manager I kind of want to see
this it's great bill paxton it's so
fucking funny innit you're selling me on
me I like it a lot I I'm surprised to
hear that other people did not like the
movie you are 100 percent selling no
sorry that is not the first movie just
to be fucked up well that's obviously
not booboo I'm just wrong it's poop dick
so I kinda want to say poop dick 5079
it's surprising to me that 5078 people
before him had to poop dick but I guess
not some poop dick john be 8 20 19
months in a row thanks for being awesome
you're welcome
gruff Mick military ray seven-month
anniversary it says graphic military MC
Lucas 25 fucking months in a row thanks
for the stream guys I'm on vacation of
Virginia and sickest fuck thanks for
making my night better d hashtag lol
fuck my juicy shack mate I think he
missed the coal in there I think that's
supposed to be one of those smiley face
emojis oh maybe not not just like period
deep well I've read what's written god
damn it you're right no you're
absolutely right my mum I was gonna say
change somebody else's script she's good
she's doing bad improv internalize it
internalize it
it sucks she just excuse everyone who
doesn't like it being a sexist midnight
Andy awesome mint four five five Tim
Sullivan's cracker man five twenty six
seventeen months in a row lol fuck my
cock Godfather 42 is ten months in
around and got fodder for the truth
that's totally worth it
you have to do this one you just have to
Batman voice
BAM invoices you've got a lot of oh god
it's hard to do the Batman boys you know
give it a lot of value to my online
experience
wish me luck at Clown College are you
excited that my Batman voice is so good
that was good but it was the combination
of that and wish me luck in Clown
College in that voice I'm thinking of
changing my line of work this time it's
lupus they say hey guys had an
incredibly shitty day seeing J right
away as I joined the stream is an
immediate pick up J fills all of our
lives with joy apparent thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it it's
true we really do thanks for coming by
thank Allah for ghostbusting the one
last tip we had aa reactor shadow elite
5 set speaking of Ghostbusters 2016 the
script was fine the main problem with
the movie was that it was not funny a
good comedy movie is hard to make how
would you fix the comedy aspect of that
movie a few well the first thing you do
