Episode 611
Severed - Cut Off - Removed (Part 1)
August 26, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N9qTEAVgNn8
___________________________________________

I'm gonna figure this out as we go hello
everybody and welcome to our stream
where's jack
hi I'm Jack uh this is Karen hello my
lady love and I am I'm rich recently
acquired trade recently minted Wisconsin
idea welcome welcome to those goods get
your ass to Mars I mean Wisconsin may as
well be Mars oh really because I've been
telling everybody from her for weeks
I'll see you sometime I'm going into
Wisconsin bad Mars like literally that's
what I've been saying it's cold it's
desolate lots of things that look like
cheese yeah ground isn't bread though
that's more like Kentucky red red
sunglasses on there's no difference okay
is there is there no difference none
okay well there you go there you go so
we're gonna play we're gonna play a game
on my ipad called severed I just want
everyone to know that this this is a
game made by drink box studio and the
only reason I was remotely interested in
this game is they're the people that
made guacamelee which I loved
I loved guacamelee and they made this
game it was exclusive to the PlayStation
Vita so me and the 10 other people who
owned the PlayStation Vita because the
screens are a little border I'm just
gonna make it bigger oh I already love
guacamole just for the name I have no
idea what it's about I assume it's got
some kind of Mexican food it's it's
imagine Metroid but instead of being a
space hunter you are a luchador wrestler
you what you would like waka waka melee
is just beautiful nicely done rich thank
you you're on top of that and so if this
this game is a it's a touch control game
that they made specifically for the Vita
and now they're rolling out to other non
the Vita have touch control Vita has
touch controls okay
novena is basically like a PlayStation
but with the touch controls and with no
disk drive right right it's like the
PlayStation handheld and you can get
cards for it but it also has like a
memory
slot you can get physical games for it
but yeah and no one bought it no one no
one bought it except for me and I love
it
I'll fucking love the Vita but it gets
no love anymore I think it's just that
the handheld ship has sailed people are
doing this stuff on their phones though
that's all phones down we will be
talking stranger things will give people
who haven't seen it yet a little bit of
time just to just to hear us chat before
we get into super stranger things talk
because we will well I'm just gonna
start I'll start a new game - new game
new game also um oh we forgot to delay
everything else what do you do with this
game tap left to right okay so it's all
touch controls and so right now I'm like
looking around okay oh but I can go down
here and so then I walk straight it's
well known what you'll see I played it a
little bit I played it a little bit and
once we get into combat that's where it
turns a little more interesting
the graphics remind me of Monument
Valley was a flat collar oh yeah I need
waka melee as it should remind you of
guacamelee
wait till you see who we are I think
there's a there mirror over here
somewhere
wait till you see Julio there we are
look look at us oh my god our arm has
been severed
elf cojones or Pokemon fuck enormous
yeah
whoa spooktacular this is so spooky put
that put that drape back over that stuff
yeah his little tendrils right now you
know what I was I was thinking that like
the sword would replace our fallen off
hand but no we just hold the sword in
our other hand you know we still have a
severed hand you remember like a
chainsaw tape do it or anything so we
slash I just want some geek that points
for that yeah yeah everyone now loves
you after you said that Oh Carrie come
on that's too obvious that's not gonna
last long though here I'm gonna end it
all I'm gonna end it all oh no what did
you think of the new Ghostbusters I
liked it oh and its own merits
I'm just giving you shit rich why would
you bring that up rich
you know why yeah cuz they're gonna ask
you to relay and I'm just gonna get out
of the way mister you know what I
thought I saw I saw the science
scientists made video oh yeah I I walked
in on you guys shooting the scientists
man video when was it
Sunday yeah yeah and my first reaction
was oh god no they're digging up that
Ghostbusters well like how awful but I
think it turned out really well okay
good and I think yeah I was really
worried but I think Mike brought up some
really good points I've been so busy I
haven't watched the finished product yet
okay you know the the basic the the
moral of the story is if you look at the
numbers of bad reviews and thumbs down
on the YouTube video it's actually an
incredibly small percentage yeah yeah
and that's like oh that's a very
well-done video I was really worried
that it was just like poking at the
Ghostbusters bear politics politics
religion or Ghostbusters remake that's
those are the three ones that you can't
talk about but I it was like Egon had
risen from the dead right oh also which
we had a couple tips before in that
picture so like Jesus a little oh no I
thought maybe their fans don't hurt a
little children but that's that's our
family okay
throw the wisest jack / rich lisaknott
not end but / so either either or I
guess yeah you're waiting to get points
back if you could remake any poorly done
movie that had potential what would it
be
you have unlimited funds who is director
and cast a living or dead that you would
select it has to be poorly made huh
yeah cuz I mean I'd love to see so we do
a remake of Arsenic and Old Lace but the
original wasn't partly made we've we've
made the argument about remakes that the
best movies rumored aren't the movies
that were super good the first time
around but the movies that weren't quite
there have potential and conceptually
yeah exceptionally they're good or they
just fucked something up some aspect of
it up and that's that's the kind of
movie you want to remake okay putting
this out there Bernie's - lets see some
specifically specifically - you're
leaving one alone because why is not
terrible but you you spend the whole
time watching this zombie corpse
shambling along underwater with these
headphones like oh god that's what
breathes life into the weekend at
Bernie's a film attic universe I mean if
I if I want to see people's shambling
around like zombies I could go to
shuffle II know that little that like
that Bernie's walk that was that's what
it was all about Jim a little Jim yeah
okay here's what I'm gonna throw out for
a movie to remake yeah Dick Tracy yeah
Dick Tracy is fine
the movie the movie is fine I think it
can be done better sure I wouldn't
object to it being remade and well you
know I'm also I'm also like taking into
account
if we're gonna get a movie remade we got
to pitch this and so it's got to be a
franchise people know right yeah but
that wasn't done perfectly and Dick
Tracy I think is right up there there
been things we've I can't think of
anything my name there been things we
watched I think I've probably said as
much like during best of the worst they
could do such-and-such really good they
didn't quite work here right now I'm
drawing a blank in each and every film
I've said that I'm like robot jacks so
yeah like something like robot Jack yes
yeah robot Jack's good you could use his
budget read you up you have any can I
answer to this I don't think about
movies that I'm trying to think this is
movies that I did especially care for
kind of just fall out of my memory yeah
that's the problem that's bringing up
Universal Soldier that's a terrible oh
it's been so long since I've seen you
improve robot Jack's just by having more
ass-kicking robot fights right that's
exactly literally all you need is a
robot fight in the middle of that movie
he's one more good fight scene and
you're fine and you're fine
Dick Tracy doesn't need a kid move that
to the front
Tracy have a kid yeah there was a kid
sidekick there's a kid sidekick in the
Dick Tracy movie I saw it at the
discount theater when I was know you
know what L maybe ultime sir
I remember saying this a year and a half
ago on the stream when people were
joking about a Rocketeer reboot I am Pro
Rocketeer reboot
I love Rocketeer Roxy is a great movie I
am Pro rocket to you reboot well it's
gonna be great character I love the
classic rockatuer well enough I'm gonna
love that movie yeah and it's not it's
not remake foof it's not remain for me I
could use it could use a visual update
it could use a
CGT action he updated and it could be
fun so I'm I'm team pro Rockets here
update I haven't seen her so it may
already be it sounds like it might
already be this but a remake of electric
dreams you ever seen that movie nice in
love with his his computer falls in love
with him no it doesn't fall in love with
him his desktop this is just off
computer he spills like like wine into
it or something and the computer becomes
sentient yeah and they both fall in love
with the same girl oh that was it what
it's it's cute
and and I heard was something with like
this I yeah that he falls in love with
yeah it's more like a Siri his computer
Syrian and he's a lonely man yeah I let
her like a reboot or we make it be they
did that they tried that already
I've heard her I if I haven't heard much
about it so I'm assuming no I've never
seen it
I have to find my family
the V can probably be done better as
much as is I actually did love the
original V you can probably improve on V
sure Donavan that character and his
luggage lucky for it over the hills they
gave the kids an action hero okay I
don't know that it needs to be rebooted
though I know that it needs to be remade
yeah there's some TV show there's some
things that were just of their time you
know other things like like I really
like failsafe but I don't know they
would have the same emotional impact
when it's not during the Cold War like I
mean that was a time when when people
were very worried about what about a
remake it about what a remake that's
still set during the cold maybe yeah but
there's like there's something about but
it was it's there's something about like
the modern-day feeling that helps
something yeah you know go over that
edge from like mediocre to exceptional
and so if it was feeding off of Cold War
fee fears during the Cold War yep that's
one Remo Williams would be a fine relay
you've mentioned that I've never even
heard of this how about a remake of an
another remake of flight of the Phoenix
that doesn't suck this time I really
loved the original merrymakers no that
doesn't need to be remade as the
originals great original is great Jimmy
Stewart Ernest Borgnine I missed the
name of the Phoenix flight of the
Phoenix yeah is it a remake with spoiler
alert the premise is that these people
crash in the desert and one of the guys
is saying we can reconfigure the parts
the broken plane into something that
will fly and get us out of the desert
and save our lives and the twist is
we find out that the guy who wants to do
it is he's an airplane engineer of model
or place and so they kind of lose their
faith in it
he's also like this kind of typical
tournament you know like not see kind of
what cold
what makes highlight of the Phoenix
great though
now that you've spoiled the twist twice
the spoiler the the guy who can save
them this insane
plant you know who designed the parts of
the crashed plane into a new plane he's
a complete dick he's a complete whole is
his dick and they kind of have to do
what he says because he's the only one
who can save them at some point he
actually goes on strike is they're not
working hard enough
he says it what at one point they're
like the guys like well you know your
plane will hold such and such people but
we've got such and so most ever
beautiful we've got eight people yeah
and he's like you know he's like well
you said the other guy was probably not
gonna make it or that guy will be dead
and he's like oh well that doesn't
matter didn't care he doesn't care yeah
that sounds great
it's a wonderful movie flight of the
Phoenix it's got Jimmy Stewart me
Stewart I think Ernest Borgnine is the
other guy our Hardy Kruger is the gem
yeah
I would like to see a lot the last
starfighter we made two for a friend of
static resistance I don't know it wasn't
that great of a concept it's such a
cheesy like the movie overall and the
concept you know like yeah we dispersed
these arcade games throughout the galaxy
to try to find the people who could
pilot our starships it's so cheesy I
don't think you could do it with aliens
what if you did a Last Starfighter
reboot but with like modern in a modern
day war satellite drone pilot why didn't
they do that one of those that's the
point been doing cheesy you embrace that
cheese yeah yeah how to remix explain
does it every busy and it sucks in the
first place
oh I like do you remember when the
airplane was talking like pee-wee Herman
I was crazy Fred Savage the jobs that
fruit sandwiches that was intense
that was some other that was other kid
vitamin-a yeah it wasn't the Fred's dad
or somebody else he was it he's not the
main kid
Chat Chat help me out here got my phone
here I do think a Flash Gordon remake
would work mr. mr. colt how it works is
this just cheesy Queen concert film
great Henry Thomas was that Emma Dennis
from ETS oh wait Karen's looking about
yeah
and she don't think a he looked like
Kennedy when Alice I was thinking about
that too but I don't think it was I want
us I mean in in my heart it tells me was
Fred Savage well that's what we're
finding out we're gonna fight this is
super important same Joey Kraemer I'm
never gonna be a Kramer who's arrested
for robbery a few months ago well great
see it all works out in the end
Glen or Glenda we make I I don't think
see I don't think you could make like a
bolivianos story I don't think you could
make movies as bad as Edwards movies and
I think that's the reason people watched
I'm afraid I'm gonna skip over your tip
until care on it back yep yep turtle
whines actually goes on says oh the two
movies have to top my head that had
great potential but were botched the
Golden Compass and spawn the former's
book series already had such potential
and spawn is awesome like spawn is a
really neat visual and concept and then
it kind of starts breaking apart you
know like a hell warrior yeah who goes
rogue against Satan in the army of house
like okay you know what I guess I guess
I just I have no respectfully
no no no no I think it could you know
why you know why I hate spawn I think
pretty much because it's a neat concept
and Todd McFarlane doesn't do anything
interesting with it because he kind of
sucks yeah as a creator but I guess
that's what I'm saying is I guess that's
why it would work uh somebody's remake
somebody with an actual vision in a
direction and an idea what they were
doing couldn't make spawn work like it
like a director you mean you're asking
for a director I think that's a that's a
tough thing to ask for rich
maybe the Sun Oh compass at first I
thought he said golden shell gotta go
through I you know what I was reading it
yeah I thought the same thing same old
rocket I thought the same thing I
thought he was gonna say the golden
golden compass was the that was James
Bond and a kid and they fight on polar
bears right Daniel Craig I haven't seen
it was Daniel Craig and kids and they
fought on polar Brothers that's all I
know about it
the golden child one was the Eddie
Murphy one would let the kid it was like
something I was spiritual Dalai Lama
yeah he was like the next incarnation
how the holy leader or something like
that yeah yeah came out around the same
time as Big Trouble in Little China are
they true yeah which is a another movie
about oriental mysticism that's that's
far more entertaining in every
conceivable way hey wait that's my hand
hey game that's my hand Cabbage Patch
says humberto Cabbage Patch
oh hey Karen welcome to Wisconsin thank
you I remember that you were a big fan
of Radiohead what is what do you think
of their newest album a moon shaped food
I think it's the best honestly I didn't
know they had a new album out yes I are
you excited
no I am I wasn't super crazy about in
rainbows I liked their the first album
was alright the second album was better
there's I really like okay computer and
kid a I'm like a bad thing no one after
that was good too but um yeah I'm
looking forward to it it's like they
started out being a rock band and then
they turned into like a lot of
electronic noise like kind of
more than is what I prefer so if they've
turned back toward Oh like a heavy
medium and a blend of the two Hey like
in rainbows that's wonderful but I
preferred some of their stuff a little
earlier than that
I love okay computer it's it's like a
great concept album like a dystopian
future and anxiety about the millennium
and whatever our Miller you shut your
mouth goddamn it you shut your fat mouth
good trouble a little China's fucking
perfect it's one of my favorite films
yeah but the rock is gonna do it the
rock is gonna make it better
he's huge
the rock is you I know he's huge he's
always been gigantic but oh no where's
my room where's the rimshot where's our
room show you haven't needed it in so
long get the room shot Jesus is this it
no this is it Simon burp no that was
fine Karen that was fine the rock still
does very well at the box office
is that good I just didn't know if he
was like getting to be like old man rod
like have you seen Arnold pictures of
Arnold like swimming and like like my
mom likes me it's nowhere near as old as
Arnold my mom subscribes the aquire he's
like yeah yeah I mean balls Arnold is
112 ya know the rock still does very
well at the box office he is still a box
office draw that was actually one of the
very few live action movies that
actually made money this summer was the
rock and Kevin Hart it's moving was it
called
yeah I was like a it was like a buddy
cop movie with the rock and Kevin Hart
and no idea Arnold is 70 that's true
that's crazy yeah yeah all right Arnold
I'm sorry what I said I mean I guess you
lose 70 goddamn years old
looks better than my dad though but but
so in any case he's still doing well in
the box up as the rock is and he's been
in talks of remaking but think of all
those yeah central Emmys hello he's
gonna do just as good a job as Kurt
Russell did in this fantasy world which
I have invented for myself my favorite
movie with the rock is the one where
he's the tooth fairy I think it was
which I can be on it doesn't matter any
any big macho muscle guy will work yep
you could have had you know um the Hulk
Hogan it's the tooth fairy
same effect Lando was taken says as far
as remakes go miracle Milan would be a
great one
the original is wonderful but I'd love
to see a modern take on the story that's
another one where you know you're taking
it out of the Cold War and it wouldn't
have as much impact because if you
didn't live through the Cold War any
night could have been the last night
well and so and so then you know the
question is do you do you set it during
the Cold War and hope to recapture some
of that or do you give it that like
modern terrorism is everywhere towards
right and it's like that's right now
that's a super fine line to tread
between being like deep and being
patronizing you know there's no one
terrorist attack that compared to the
potential of nuclear annihilation
available during the Cold War yeah but a
dirty bomb in a city center with him oh
sure but III think rich is right in
saying like you know like the Duck and
Cover of World War two and the Cold War
constants care they have pigs we just
don't feel that even though like
terrorism is
opening yeah yeah everyday like we don't
really feel it yeah maybe that's just us
being cold-hearted robots but our
generation
I've cold-hearted robots no I think at
any given moment where were hours away
from complete annihilation mm-hmm and
also it's been you know what 55 what 70
years since about 70 years since 71 or
something since the bombs were dropped
in Hiroshima and Nagasaki that was fresh
and new it may still be there but we've
gotten used to it we've moved our entire
lives under that shadow I mean some of
the anxiety just has to go out and write
a while right I'm with him Jack of old
men no shit are you just joining us and
welcome welcome to the stream welcome to
your first free honest apparently this
is your first stream yes which is Jack
on our old old men that's not true I'm
not an addled future famous person says
gone Berg said he wants to make the fly
again but differently
Cronenberg yeah if I recall correctly
his idea is so weird
that he can't get it funded I believe
that his remake was great but I wouldn't
mind seeing him do it again
oh this is interesting he's this person
is saying on the interruption but the
Miracle Mile could work with an imminent
asteroid collision
it's an interesting premise yeah you
know what yeah hmm the Coburg employed
the one in this regard then Tim OH
Cronenberg has has earned enough
goodwill that he can do whatever the
fuck he wants
yeah he wants he wants to RiRi make the
fly you go for it man I trust him to do
it they've already made it twice RiRi
mate yeah
the RiRi make well Chrome verbs lungi
the roommate oh yeah he's he's the he's
the Jeff Goldblum did I just choose the
right path right away that's enough yes
Metal Gear is a fat load of bullshit
metal here yep Metal Gear it's a lot of
fucking nonsense that doesn't know
whether or not it wants to treat the
material as a joke or seriously need to
pick a side is that a movie based on the
video it needs to not be full of itself
no it's just a video game
because it's not good enough to be a
movie quite frankly
oh it originally came out on the NES if
you were on the NES you didn't really
have to have a metal gear didn't get
popular - it was out on the PlayStation
ya Metal Gear Solid is what skyrocket
skyrocketed on Metal Gear okay
apparently had backtracked for nothing
they were there they're branching paths
and I got pretty far down one path and I
said to myself if there were these are
the paths that I really wanted to go so
before I get too too far I should really
check down those other past and they
were dead ends just this this game is
from the guacamelee devs if you could
not tell by the color palette it's not
just it well it's not just like the
artists oh no it's it's a drink box
studio so it's not that's the same
studio their color it looks great and
actually I don't know if you guys next
time I get into a fight I'll show you it
actually has a really good fighting
system where you have to like block
incoming attacks and fight and people
block and you have to choose the right
way to swipe
so I'm actually digging the fighting
mechanics of this I like the way they
they they bond with like flat stuff and
not having any texture which was like
you know less processor in terms of
everyone and or else but instead of
making it all one color it's a
gradiation again trees are like dark
purple and shading into pink is it
beautiful it is nice nice bit of color
gobbledygook says the gooks just water
to Pat myself on the back hearts of iron
for has been out for less than two
months and I have collected all 30 steam
achievements it was not easy thinking of
trying stellaris now so long what's
Dolores
what's hearts of iron as the game he got
the alternate achievement song
congratulations I want to see a solar
Oscar that's a walk bye-bye how do you
do that it's also two movies right like
there's a George Clooney version and
there's a 70s version that would make a
wacky game by the way if you ever just
want to have the best time the seventies
Solaris soundtrack is this super weird
synth ambience you put that on when you
like play a board game or anything and
it will totally blow the mine wow it's
the great is one of the greatest
minimalist soundtracks yes by the way oh
if you if you are a drug user listen to
that I haven't seen either of this
alarms in this cell I need to it sounds
a good great concept
mm-hmm what's that what's the no what's
the plan to go there they're orbiting a
planet
well the same is that but the entire
planet is sentient and it does things
and doesn't really communicate with them
and it just does its own thing and weird
in ineffable ways and and it starts
bringing these peoples lost wrong
see you later versions of them back to
life and these versions of them think
that they're alive yes
or at least think they've been saying
people but they really are man's a man
like interacting with his wife would
suicide versions of
the green wonders are going up now Oh
nifty sorry everybody hopefully it
sounds cool ah we can't actually hear it
lisa's audio is very quiet you mean me
karen care probably Karen's get that
yeah you gotta get that mic right up in
there if I pull this back I think I can
get it more up in my yo up in my grill
or whatever you draw what if I just have
to stuff it in your crop more and then I
don't oh it's just stiff no yeah no just
a
one probably loosen it a bit if you want
then tighten it again where do you lefty
loosey yeah the same is everything okay
I don't want to like screw it up yes who
is this Karen person that's a great
question eight yeah I'm richest fiance
I've recently moved to Wisconsin welcome
to Wisconsin thank you okay okay
yay bong a dog bun my dog Banga Doug
straw poll let's naming these people
don't agree to that gobbledygook says oh
uh tourism gobbledygook says another tip
to randomly here rich say that is 7x BAM
the future of rock'n'roll
gotta go to Kmart 400 Oak Street be sure
to get underwear box are not briefs
judge Wapner 4:30
all right rain girl been Judge Judy now
loppers long gone oh yeah
and it's true be sure to try DC Universe
Online for the ps4 it's free you fucks
person it is free
still we still haven't tried it and I'm
very very sorry I have not had time to
watch The Killing Joke it up and I've
been moving I haven't even seen Mike
since I've been in Wisconsin I've I've
been officially living in Wisconsin for
less than 24 hours we got back last
night
yeah and today Mike hasn't been around
so mustard lover says hey rich why
weren't you in the Star Trek beyond
review also what did you think of the
movie I hated the action scenes I wasn't
in the review partly because I was on
the very last episode with the
ghostbusters
secondly I haven't seen it yet I'm
waiting to see it with care I'm gonna
see it the next few days most likely so
I can't I can't give you my opinion out
again mike tells me it's good it's all I
know
I haven't even watched our review of it
I don't want to oh yeah you can't watch
that review before this that's weird
that's the weird thing about our reviews
you want to watch them after you've seen
the movie you do yeah you really do it
well because they're not really reviews
they're more conversation yeah yeah so
it's like which is why I like the
numbers are never hindered by like them
coming out a few days after the movie
comes out because then usually be able
to see the movie and then they can watch
it you know hey guys fine I think that's
fine anonymous says hey Karen glad you
made it safe to Milwaukee oh no Wacka
Wacka is there some tourist spot you
look forward to visiting also don't put
up with any of Rich's crap also none of
it
what are your thoughts about anime /
Sonic well the first question I hear
there's like some kind of like geodesic
Botanical Garden light-up dome thing
yeah
and domes I really want to see that
because it just looks awesome and I like
plants and I like taking my cell phone
and making pictures of plants and making
little collages and screwing around
filters and you know stuff like that
fuck yeah the domes are great also I've
been to the
wacky building by some very interesting
architect and it's got these 200 this
200 foot wingspan of these these metal
wings with different slats and things I
mean just just look up the Milwaukee Art
Museum and Calatrava is that his last
name streamed out and and I guess my
name is I don't know why the stream was
done we didn't touch anything but some
people are saying we're back it's back
can you hear me now can you hear us no
15 seconds that's got to be that's got
to be twitch you missed my story okay
well I care and killed the stream okay
we're back okay good okay right so where
were we oh yes so there's the Milwaukee
Art Museum has these these metal wings
things it's it's a it's a sail it's
supposed to look like yeah it's the
breed is Soleil or whatever it is so it
looks like a like a ship mast and a
giant sail made out of pipes wasn't it
featured a lot of Transformers movies
yes it's the house of the architect in
transformers 3 yeah that's our that's
the that's the entranceway to our Art
Museum you saw that and I guess when
it's open the the wing or or the weather
in the weather's nice the wings are up
and in bad weather and when the museum's
closed they put them down and I've seen
the time-lapse I think it takes a few
minutes for them to go up or down but
I've never seen them moving and I want
to see them do their thing I've seen
them up it's in the down I want to see
them yeah and there's a like if the
weather is nice it's a certain time day
that like the wings open Thanks and in
the inside is like kind of futuristic
like the whole of a spaceship or
something it's it's a nice museum it's a
it's a fine name yeah and it's not so
sprawling as the one in Chicago also
cheaper but uh so you can you know you
can look at a good chunk of it in a day
I mean you could spend you know probably
years fine looking at everything in
detail but just just walking it isn't
he's in ridiculous where you're like
okay I'm getting tired and I've only
seen half of it I really like it
and what about anime / Sonic well a
second question are those one thing
Sonic the Hedgehog is fun or something I
mean it's you know it's good classic
arcade and anime that's a really broad
question yeah we go from from trigun
which I like
you know there's Ranma which is fun
animes just it's so broad yeah
Inuyasha's phone
what about tentacle porn everybody likes
that come on that's like saying do you
like board is very music as a concept
get my motor running but I have never
heard anyone even call that amusing as a
concept well some of it gets gross but I
mean like like okay so you know who Otto
and Victoria are Brian Kessinger has
that's like tentacle porn light Brian
Kessinger is a he's a Disney illustrator
and he does like Oh anyway we're gonna
wait about to get schooled in tentacle
porn no no I'm just joking
okay no I'm just joking about me
tentacle porn laughs it's it's a he's a
he's an octopus and and and he's the pet
of a girl named Victoria and they just
have cute little Victorian adventures oh
she has green hair and he's her pets and
like they go walking dogs and he's
whatever he's doing each of his
tentacles is doing something else yeah I
how does this relate to tentacle porn
this is so weird
because he's an octopus and they're kind
of he's kind of jealous like it like
there's some kind of mild romance going
on between a alright I'm with you I'm
with you I'm with you I I mean we're all
here so anyway no that was great that
was a great response he covered
everything I guess
hyperactive slob says hey guys hi
since reviews indicate Suicide Squad is
an other DC shit show yep here is five
bucks to make the movie people actually
want Zack Snyder's space Cobb versus
Harry blinken ru thank you oh yeah no
early reviews our dire of course
according to many people V the reshoots
and the studio tinkering is utterly
obvious I thought that might at least be
kind of fun and if not standard like
standard action movie fun here's what
thought that might be didn't really care
you know I was excited about it I didn't
think it would be bad though that's
that's they're saying it's a tonal mess
they're saying Leto's Joker is a
disaster well I mean we kind of knew
that he's following a very very tough
act he is he is no and you know what I
do applaud the filmmakers and and Leto
himself for trying something so
drastically different yeah
I am still gonna see it because I'm very
very curious did you see the the
change.org petition no one changed the
change.org the site where you can you
know start your own petition to get a
social following there's a there's a
petition to shut down Rotten Tomatoes
for its poor treatment of Suicide Squad
and the DC movie universe in general I
thought they were interested in like you
know congressional bills or saving the
whales yep yep that's usual that's usual
but anyone can start a petition and
changed it or anyone can and so these
people decided that up there with like
you know getting corrupt judges out of
office is is getting rotten tomatoes
shut down because they didn't like a
movie that they liked no and that they
didn't like a movie that they hadn't
seen yet nobody's seen Suicide Squad not
even out yet it's out of this weekend
that's that's petitioning people ignore
yeah no matter how many signatures gets
you just everyone I think ignores that
with a brain yeah it's just it's just
it's just these are these are the cut
this is the type of fanbase these are
people with
which salmon are in yeah you know what a
lot of people have too much time on
their hands these are idiots and it's
not like a puppy I don't know volunteer
somewhere it's not like it's rotten
tomatos fault no they're in aggregating
so yeah that's true
no no it's actually creating the guys
because rotten Trados is mean about all
DC movies that's right every single DC
movie like or mostly it's like they're
mean about Man of Steel they're mean
about dawn of justice and now they're
being mean about Suicide Squad but don't
they mostly aggregate more or less the
same types of reviewers for every movie
you know the sometimes they have their
statement the other yeah it's weird
don't you think Jesus Christ sweet
jeebus
crisp whatever whatever and I don't care
enough to ask to be a part of that
review I'll tell you that
oh yeah no that's fine
that's fine I'm surprised I hadn't asked
you already you're the comic book person
I know everything that's ever been known
about comic books and I'm SuperDuper
excited about every single comic book
movie all nine million six hundred and
seventy five thousand four hundred and
twenty three of them and then there's
the ones that aren't Marvel did you see
did you see the wired I want to say just
put out a video kind of breaking down
superhero movies at the box office right
now and this year superhero movies will
take up about 27% of the box office
yeah that's not that big it's a trend
that's got legs it's a drain that's got
legs but they were saying at the time
the the other big comparison is with
westerns you know cuz back in the day
westerns were everywhere and it's pretty
comparable westerns took up about 25
percent of the marketplace but remember
back in the day they didn't have as many
movies blank so like that one bit
westerns were a bigger deal yeah so it's
like
we have to put this into a little bit of
perspective they're not dominating the
movie-going experience they just happen
to be dominating the box office
yeah I wonder if there's like a trend
that there's always a there's always a
flavor of the decade that takes up about
27% yeah yeah well we have that in there
in the kitchen there's that flowchart of
like the all the movie genres and how
they fluctuate through the ages it's fun
1/4 of that no it's it's big but it's
not dominating 27% is big but it's not
it's pretty bad it's not a majority it's
not the only thing that's out it's not a
majority or 75% or right the
preponderance
oh that's box office now oh that's true
yeah so right right that's just in movie
theaters that means there's nobody to
blame but us that means that they're
disproportionately well they're they're
licensed by big name with big names to
that is also part of why they're
disproportionately profitable 27 percent
won't win you an election it might if
the vote is very divided 20 percent of
that was Star Wars sure that's how that
takes care of most of the the non
superhero stuff is star yeah nice I
don't think that's a joke
I think that probably is what its gonna
end up being right
Oh Trek movies gonna make a lot of money
it's not they're not nope well it opened
to 60 million feet what about the which
in terms of blockbusters isn't a lot
what about the reboot that I'm not gonna
mention you can register it's doing
better than that okay what ghostbusters
I was wondering how much it was making
mediocre that's too bad I was just not
yeah not doing well
that's that's and that's in it's not in
balm territory but it's in for what they
spent on it it's very disappointing it's
in what's what's less than about like
flop
there's flopping bomb to stop some
territory it's it's a it's a lackluster
all slurring yeah that's a good way to
put it it's just lackluster I can
so is fury road and that's like the best
movie of the last 40 years was fury road
a flop
it was lackluster his lackluster it was
never number one in the box office
really everyone I know thought almost
all of them liked it except it was it
was beat out by um what was it what was
it bridesmaid not bridesmaids to know
that have been bride bridesmaid it was
some kind of female lead comedy yeah
yeah sisters say something something we
got we've got vaginas oh oh that's
perfect to the pet the pap smear sisters
yeah pitch perfect - okay burger food
was pretty big moving him it's a sad one
to lose out to I never even heard of the
first one pitch perfect that's a that's
an all-ages thing to I think okay so
it's a different ball of wax yeah so
you're going upon against a whole
different audience
Mad Max 384 million pitch perfect 285
million which is wrong I don't think Mad
Max was never in top of the box office
that might have had legs had Mad Max had
a great fucking word of mouth but it was
number two the first week it was out I
don't think it was ever number one
that's the question was it ever number
one find it out yeah Box Office Mojo dot
corn what about like what what when when
in Hollywood is looking at the success
or failure of a film that first week is
extremely important because
percentage-wise yeah that's where they
make the biggest cut I think they get
like 90 percent of the first week and
then it's the second week where the the
actual theater gets a higher and higher
percentage the more weeks of a film is
out okay how big of a percentage of that
is
the all-ages stuff your Dory's your
secret life of pets what do you mean
the percentage of which of the
box-office I'll you mean for the year ad
that should probably a lot oh yeah it's
probably number two huge animated it's
probably number two not just animated
like family family films like g-rated
stuff I'm sure
yes shy and that's what I'm thinking
giant fury road and Ghostbusters had the
same budget is that true it's crazy yeah
yeah that's crazy
fury road is so much more outside and
big and them yeah yeah yes what a role
that money went and ghostbusters which
looks like creme but suppose there's a
lot of CGI and a lot of indoor scenes
fury road has CGI - it's just integrated
very well it's mixed with some good
practical effects and and why it's good
is because you don't really notice it
while watching the movie it doesn't draw
attention to itself
look at me I'm fucking CGI there's like
one or two shots yes I'm sure you that
really scream how phony they are up to
the heavens like the end shot I really
kind of hate in fury road the 3d shot
the blatant pandering 3d shot well the
truck crashes at the end and the guitar
flies at the camera and then the
steering wheel goes right towards the
audience otherwise where was i over here
loli battle machine 322 says hey rich
hey Karen
nothing you know what I hear all I'm
here all the time I'm old news Karen's
new let's all say how's Karen I read
more of the comet there's a good reason
for it
congratulations on your upcoming wedding
well you're not gonna talk about my
upcoming wedding
my second wife I just converted to
Mormonism it's gonna be great whatever
they love here's a tip I use for your
honeymoon use it to buy yourselves a
nice cheese or a beverage such as milk
enjoy a nice uh nice cheese I do like a
good bit of dill Havarti only child says
hijack dairy and future mr. Karen there
you go
have any of you watched penny dreadful
it's kind of a compilation of several
classic Victorian horror stories and
it's great the first two seasons are on
Netflix I have not it sounds awesome the
penny dreadfuls were those like really
cheap novels like pulp novels yeah you
could buy for penny and then they had
like like half penny dreadfuls or
something they just I I like cheap pulpy
horror so yeah if I might give you
thanks for the thank you thank you for
the tip and the tip we've been watching
a lot of stranger things oh really
we'll get to it we'll get to it arrey
nonnamous says I am a foreigner running
a role-playing game for my friends about
wizard gang violence set around Illinois
Arthur gang violent wizard gang my nice
are there any local or generally
American urban legends or conspiracy
theories you like
we had a local thing here and I don't
know if this was like an everywhere
America thing if everyone had this honk
evil
I remember hey guys ever hear of auntie
Bill no haunch evil was the rumor around
school was it was a colony of midgets
that lived you know on this very
specific Road I escaped and they were
protected by a giant albino and so if
you ever went taking my chain huh well
this was the urban this was the urgent
urban myth is is that it was a colony or
a commune of midgets and they were
protected by a giant albino seven-foot
tall never heard this this is this is a
real thing there is more there was one
specific rodent and everyone who went
down it like we're gonna hunt evil this
weekend they've come back with the exact
same story that they got chased out by
the giant albino riding a truck and they
swear they saw some midgets and the
houses were you know they all had a very
similar story I didn't find out so years
later that the joke with haunch evil was
that that it was a joke like honk evil
never existed but this was a real thing
that went around our school colony of
midgets protected by a giant albino that
would chase you off their property if
you try to drive down this one
particular street you mean Hodgenville
didn't exist you mean this wasn't real
but was it really a seven-foot albino
protecting a I'm enclave of midgets
no no not honk evil honky no because
they're writing a story I think it
should be noted that this is something
extremely local - like just your school
oh there's a running joke they asked for
a local urban myth there is that's
extremely local that's what I got that's
what I got local urban myth like like
Resurrection Cemetery supposedly has
Resurrection Mary who I don't know what
what exactly happens to her but she
supposedly like walks across the street
she hates and asked people for rides and
they they give her a ride
then like they look over and she's gone
or something or they let her you know
they let her out and she wants to be let
out at the cemetery if you're actually
you know concerned about writing a story
and actual urban legends look up
Resurrection Mary because we're talking
about local in Illinois that's a big one
yeah
resurrection Mary is a big one yeah
what's the cemetery where they
supposedly have like the the finger
indentations on the gates every now and
then which cemetery is that is that also
Resurrection said I'm not sure they're
supposedly stuff going on in Graceland
which is where all the movers and
shakers or the turn of 20th century late
19th were buried there's there's um
there's the one I can't think of it
right now something something there's
one word we're like supposedly it's
haunted by the ghosts of a circus train
that something's rest like strohman rest
I think we're we're supposedly I think
that's someone's supposed to be haunted
by like ghosts of elephants and stuff
and some circus train that crashed and
burned or caught on fire or something
and then Bachelor's Grove yeah which the
Chicago suburbs the south suburbs
there's this infamously haunted cemetery
it's one of the most haunted places in
the country or so Richard Crowe the
ghost hunter who used to make us living
giving tours that claimed yeah but it's
it's fairly famous in the local area
yeah Bachelor's Grove and what was that
one's supposed to be
it's basically abandoned right they
don't use it as a cemetery yeah but I
mean what was it take a bunch of
different things floating orbs and
pictures or whatever oh yeah yeah I
don't remember any specific stories just
the RB ghosts but Resurrection Mary is
something very specific and if you're
writing a story that's that's one to
look into and resurrection Mary will be
easy to find and you'll find a bunch of
stuff about her ghost stories
supernatural and very much an urban
legend and that's what like Chicago reg
or something that's something yes it's a
little it's it's a little bit south of
the farthest south reaches
of Chicago whose word from south of the
city we were near bachelors world that
list that wasn't our neck of the woods
yeah all right I was taking a
resurrection oh yeah yeah madam says
dear
ding guy plural of dingus I like it
thank you for that free class I like
ding guy freaking two dollars for the
science men's analysis the Ghostbusters
and for generally keeping level heads
when everyone wants to scream and band
things they disagree with PS VR VR
they're willing to try VR I'm just I'm
just skeptical that they're where they
need to be for it to really work but I'm
skeptical that it's not gonna make me
motion sick yeah I'm skeptical about
that too oh yeah I know they would
attract me it's just not it's not where
it needs to be yet where we could get a
VR and have midlothian is that where
Bachelor's Grove is that sounds about
right
that sounds about right sorry okay oh
yeah like we could have a really fun
couple of streams the place of VR games
I will fall around the room it'd be
hilarious and then everyone would forget
about it because there's no games like
there's no there's no what do they call
that like look the software that you
need to buy you know the software that
will make the system like you you need a
Nintendo if I'm on the platform maker
something like that yeah yeah you need
you know like you needed an NES so you
could play Mario yeah right you needed a
Super NES think of like Super Mario
exactly it has it's one killer you need
an Xbox you play Halo exactly everyone
has their one thing and VR doesn't have
it yet
yep you need an iPad or you sorry you
need an iPod because it fits a million
songs on it yeah yeah there's no
compelling hook to get you to Bach right
yet system selling yeah maybe it just
says easy a system seller maybe
it's the the word I'm looking for killer
app also that's a good one thank you
I've higher ground like there there's a
I want to say there's a real word for
that decades Vidar because it's not
apple o if Apple came out with a VR I'd
buy it instantly that's not true we were
just talking about smartwatches I have
yet to buy an Apple watch and this is
platform agnostic although I hear it
works a little better on Android this is
my pebble round but I'm pebble one I
know it
oh yeah I'm not I'm also not sold on
smartwatches but also I'm not a watch
person so so I'm just gonna back for
seconds I'm just thinking about
something not necessarily an urban
legend but what that serial killer
during the World's Fair with that were
the whole HH Holmes that was Chicago
World's Fair the Columbian expedition in
1893 or something it's not as certainly
an urban legend but it sounds like it
could be one they're making a movie I'm
making a movie about the whites and it's
called like its devil in the white city
is a book and I believe they're making a
movie based on the book I'm just gonna
tell the story but what he did okay he
was like a I mean I'm sure I'm gonna
miss something but he was like this
completes sicko who like retrofitted his
house with like soundproofing and in
Chains and we had built him like torture
chambers built into this house you can
kill these women and sell them for
medical experiments and stuff like like
him like like trapdoors that would lead
him into a cell and like he would turn
like a nozzle and poison gas and fill
the room they were in and he built a
murder house he built a murder a murder
hotel yes and during the World Fair when
everyone was staying at hotels he would
kill razor and crayons I went on single
limb and he was he was handsome and
charming oh my god and he was preying on
people and that was during the time was
it Larsson I think wrote the book yeah I
read it but you know they're gonna make
a movie about it and they're gonna like
I think they're gonna CGI the White City
which is great because you get it you
know like an immersive view White City
was what they called the world the White
City was the the Chicago World's Fair
buildings the whole compound which was I
think largely plywood painted white
burned down and within a couple of years
one of the museums are still there that
was built for let's play whip anyway
it's fight and yes yes miss Carmela
yes his murder house was built from
scratch to be a murder house yes yeah
not necessarily urban legend but it
sounds like it could be one and it's an
Illinois story it's not a legend though
I mean no it was really prosecuted I
mean they found the stuff I mean he was
he was like a Jeffrey Dahmer or
something he was a sicko but he was real
absolutely real yeah but an infamous
Chicago local well local for their I'm
not two up on Milwaukee murders
everyone knows Dahmer he made sausage
out of women I don't know did he I think
he just mostly sold people for for
medical experiments he could make money
selling them to like Oh
Dahmer know you all know HH Holmes yeah
Dahmer didn't make sausage II just ate
him okay you might have committed
insurance fraud by taking payoffs from I
could see that Holmes sure sure next on
HGTV murder house flippers I would love
that
I would love to or from wrong murder
houses I was hoping I so love that idea
like I love those shows those like house
fixer-upper shows and so they're like
like the whole first half of the episode
is just like looking at dungeons and how
creepy that now what are we gonna turn
this rape cave into I'm thinking I'm
thinking a breakfast nook yeah but
they've been like turned everything it
is some kind of weird vague like why
don't we staple plastic broccoli onto
the ceiling what if we had it in another
poison gas nozzle we could make this one
themed oh I love it I love it I love it
and this was this house was built before
the Saab pendulum was in style
what's heard this is the soft fine Jill
will put away
fired here and then sliced our meat here
we might want to sanitize this a little
bit first I mean it all works it all
works this hardware her lawyers have to
go so we're going to put in a blood
sluice gate get great could you imagine
could you imagine the pain it would take
to clean up all these carpets no proper
drainage any proper drainage but it's
classic you know we need like they have
the repurpose stuff where they take the
wood from the Murder House wood we're
gonna we're gonna retake the the bloody
floor boards and make the bit of coffee
table
Shawn possibly I like that can't you be
both kind of like how earlier
Shawn says one will Hollywood be
desperate enough to start giving us
movies like Robocop vs. predator versus
Batman versus Archie that is the end
result of getting ideas from comic books
vs. movies and or clones uh you know the
comics have done Archie versus the
Punisher there's a lot of comedies that
haven't been touched at all the Archie
just happens to look identical to a
mobster The Punisher is hunting down I
want to see him and sex ensue okay I
want to read that original saga you've
read saga at all yeah it's real I'm
buying yet as soon as this feel they had
like Archie like an undead zombie Archie
series yeah afterlife with Archie oh my
god yeah which I read a little bit of it
actually was pretty good that that was
my my comic of reading back in the day
was Archie mostly just because that's
what my mom would buy me
very young I I was all up in the Archie
comics because it's whole song because
it's all well and more so they're the
comics that were sold you know at the
corner drugstore and yeah I mean the
supermarket checkout lines Oh Jack likes
comics I'll get him to comic books
that's my mother they were kind of fun
and cute and charming and when you're
that age you think Archie and them
they're so sophisticated and grownup oh
that's the only thing it's like is this
what high school is like you can drive
around in cars and eat cheeseburgers all
day I love it yeah basically that's kind
of that is also high school is about
Archie's demographic is is their real
demographic it's like nine year olds
yeah absolutely
TMNT Batman graphic novel that might be
interesting I really liked the Ninja
Turtles Ghostbusters one oh no um
Freddie Freddie Williams jr. did that in
front of the show I I've already won the
ghostbusters TMNT meets the Mesa Batman
the turtles and the shredder in the Foot
Clan get sucked through a portal into
Gotham City is that like a Batman 66
Batman no it's murder about inaudible
you would hate it oh you know what I
really do like the Batman 66 III haven't
finished it it's a really the first I've
read the first three books it's really
fun it's a really fun book titles
ghostbusters cross it's cute see that's
like fun fanservice you know yeah it's
kind of thing I would wait till it's
done I don't want to read that like
month by month
oh I wasn't dying yeah yeah now I know
you get to see my knees the cameras a
little wider so you get to see my shiny
white knees it's got legs okay okay so
how's the Pokemon hunting going by the
way I've been doing it no you know why
cuz he can't hunt for Pokemon anymore
why not just got weird glitch going on
with a game no they yo yeah there's a
weird glitch so you can't hunt for
Pokemon anymore they took out all the
Pokemon hunting and with the most recent
updates this this did these developers
rich they are doing everything they can
to piss everyone off the most recent
update that like got rid of all the
footprints and like you can hunt Pokemon
anymore fuckin they've now made it more
difficult to catch pokemon
it's just like a revenue revenue sucking
revenue out of people better yeah
because now they have to buy more polka
polka balls and stuff like that it's
harder to catch pokemon you can no
longer hunt Pokemon
these guys are wholly dickheads they're
just gonna turn people off yeah just
like farm farmville Mainers turn me off
hmm
yeah so no you know what I've been like
out for walks haven't haven't picked it
up because there's no fun in it anymore
there's there's no more active
participation in Pokemon yeah like
before you know you go out and walk and
all of a sudden oh you'd see a Pokemon
maybe you want oh hey it got a little
closer
okay guys walk being diverted let's go
this way now yeah it's a hunt for the
Pokemon that you want but now you don't
know when you're getting closer so
there's no more interaction with the
game but they have a reason for taking
that out too many people walking off a
cliff
too many people trespassing on other
people's property no I hit that could be
it concern from from what I have heard
is there was some sort of there's some
sort of communication problem between
the game and the Google map server yeah
and so the functionality is not working
and so then instead of having the three
footprints appear everywhere they just
took all the footprints out until they
can fix the situation they haven't said
this though because they're incredibly
bad at communicating with everyone this
is all wild theories busy raking in the
Benjamins they were making so much money
there that it was estimated that they're
making like six million dollars a day in
the first week for a free game the game
is free it's all in that perfect well
they're all free right you know free so
I actually have not played for a while
because it's not fun anymore I'm gonna
wait until they update it and by the
time the updated I might not care well I
had been meaning to I reading that
they've updated it so you can't bike
after um I noticed that after Sunday
stream how does it know if you're biking
or not just because you go faster going
yeah I I hopped on my bike and it's like
I'll just you know cuz I usually bike
here I didn't bike here today because it
was raining earlier and I noticed that I
had some eggs hatching and my eggs did
not answer I was like done I'm fucking
done with you game yeah biking should
count in the in the game in the
they're afraid people are gonna bike
into traffic or something I can't
attention you can't walk in the traffic
this is true but you can you know it's
they have done no no go there are there
are there are third-party apps that
spoof your GPS location to find all the
Pokemon I could just I could just do
that play from home that's not really in
the spirit of the game and they've shut
down all of the websites that popped up
telling you where the Pokemon locations
are it's the fucking everyone everyone
agrees Pokemon go sucks now yeah I tried
to mess with it a little and I was like
well you know I'm moving I'll mess with
it when I've got some more time and ER I
finished working with this at this
location and I'm off for a little while
and it's like now it's like you just
told me and I'm like yeah I think I'll
just go delete it off my phone you know
it's no fun it's no unfortunately it was
for like a week it was a lot of fun yeah
there were there were people and at my
work walking around yeah yeah yeah it's
it was a lot of em okay c'mon fan I
played almost all the Pokemon games
except for the most recent ones and so
I'm like a big Pokemon fan it was and it
was really fun like my kids were having
a great time we go for walks
gambling side talking to people in the
neighborhood like I have your black
border Otsu I saw thing on on the
internet where one of the one of the
animal shelters that asked about our
Pokemon dogs I mean I guess they're
taking dogs that are relatively low
maintenance where you they know they're
not dog aggressive or people aggressive
so you can kind of half pay attention
and take it for a walk and it's like ask
about our Pokemon dogs you know people
come in go to the animal shelter grab a
dog go for a stroll exercise happy
animals right and this utopia has been
destroyed minded you know mean I
wouldn't spend a ton of money but you
know it does things don't have to be
completely free if they're fun well and
if they work yeah they work yeah oh well
I'm sorry it's gonna be a it's gonna be
okay because no man sky comes out next
week so I won't feel like going outside
anyway
but you just play no man's sky and your
bike I don't know how I did get a really
long cord on that ps4 or you could just
get like one of those connection writer
you get a generator hook to hook it up
to your pedals and you have to go fast
enough to play no man's like you want
your if you want your ship to move you
have you have to pedal and they're like
one of those kids games you know like
they got the kid XOR by oh yeah kids
with the best of intentions oh man oh
man
pokemons Donna misses love you guys long
time Miami Vice is the best TV show ever
mmm when someone dies in tubs arms
Crockett doesn't even call an ambulance
but Tubbs gives Crockett's hugs when his
bitches die okay mama says you read it
you read the thing I love making you
read this shit that come it is a man
tired but Miami Vice is really good
stranger things is okay but Miami Vice
is awesome is this just a ploy to get us
to talk about stranger things or apply
to talk about Miami Vice my mother's
crazy about Miami Vice yeah she should
be it's fantastic she was applied
against our club ploy to get us talking
about stranger things and it's failed
lose you're not talking you were not
talking about Miami Vice well I was
talking about me trying to talk about
stranger things you said we get to it
later so conversation we're giving
people time who have not seen it you'd
still enjoy the stream with no spoilers
so you you've got your new NASA shirt I
do I've got this thing this is fucking
awesome and we both bought shirts that
match although we didn't really feel
like being twinsies twinsies with the
classic 66 bad man Loeb Chet Chet two
questions one why is this shirt awesome
specifically why is this awesome and two
what is its glaring flaw because it fits
and it's it's hundred percent cotton not
I know what its glaring flaws already I
can tell you
what's it say on my head it's a classic
White Sox logo had it was that was that
close enough this is NASA shirt indeed
it has one glaring flaw it's not that
clear it's glaring
well it's they'll figure it out it may
be a historic and accuracy but I thought
that it was an improvement
oh no sir it's still a great shirt no I
mean I think when they made that
particular change in the turtles oh sure
for the better
hmm somebody got it no non I think we're
saying colors no and I was not on e IOT
aces different color bandanas yeah
that's specifically the bandana it's not
just that they're in color
the original reducer this shirt the Ark
and their shirt this is like classic
original black-and-white comic book
Ninja Turtle art this is Eastman and
Laird art and the glaring error is that
because the colors the bandanas was an
important the comics were in black and
white on the covers whenever there was
some kind of color all of the bandanas
were red yes yes but I think it's
prettier in the different colors I can
understand when you're making get a kid
show there's a good reason to have all
the bandanas be different colors well
and you know what the art is still so
pretty enough it doesn't really matter
it's a great shirt yeah but I saw this
shirt I'm like let's see spend it learn
art I buy it immediately even though the
bandanas are the wrong colors the
humanity oh the humanity and their
babies now they're just they were a
different styles of art there
all right where were we happening young
bubbies says if you like stranger things
might I recommend vampire the masquerade
bloodlines it explores a dark and
terrifying world running parallel to our
own and you can play as a lost boy no I
don't give a shit about vampires no and
I know that I've seen that game on Steam
before that's a debt to set up right
there do you get to go bike people they
said they're setting us up that's one of
those like notoriously notoriously bad
games yes I mean the idea of a game were
like you could be a vampire and run
around biting people's necks might be
just fun for the novelty yeah yeah that
could be fun agreed
let's leave it at a sense of humor about
it I don't know you taste like no good
to bite people well that's a plus right
there it might be the only plus for all
I know I've heard I think that's
supposed to be one of those notoriously
bad games okay a lot of the chat is
disagree maybe I'm saying maybe I'm
thinking jack is always wrong there's
probably been multiple masquerade games
maybe maybe that's yeah I just don't
give a shit about no vampire of
masquerade as a franchise does nothing
for me nothing well it started out as
like a like a dungeon dragon style
role-playing game yeah okay yeah okay
I'm not wrong I heard about it in the
high schools well I remember that one
guy in the bus to one field trip saying
that he was a wham pee or something
remember that was about that wasn't it I
think so I think so oh god those other
girls like had the hots for her but I
just I think I blocked it out of my
memory and then that that one guy with
special needs wandered across the dam to
the other side of the river and we spent
hours looking for him and I was supposed
to go babysit and my mom thought I was
making the whole thing up oh I'm sorry I
told this story properly jointed ramble
okay so disjointed ramble piqued our
interest you know
for Richwood I were even a couple and we
were we were attending the same
Community College and we went on a field
I still liked you at the time that we
went on a field trip to Starved Rock
State Park or one of these sister state
parks that are right near it which is an
more East but kind of in the middle of
Illinois north it's it's like I don't
know like 80 miles it's a nice day 50
miles west yet maybe 50 miles west of
Joliet on the Illinois River and we went
on a field trip and we took the took a
bus because neither one of us was really
driving much yeah we didn't have our own
cars there's a college field trip it was
a college field trip with the Community
College and we took a bus and there were
these two girls with a guy I guess and
they had the hots for him and he I guess
they were into this game and he was
claiming he was a vampire or maybe he
was joking I don't really know but we
got to this park and and we kind of did
our own thing you know we're wandering
around the state park beautiful State
Park and we meet back and they're gonna
the bus to leave to the bomb we couldn't
leave because a special needs student
who was also on the trip had gotten
himself lost in this giant state park
somebody I guess maybe they didn't
realize that he had those kind of needs
and he had it turned out we were all
wandering around looking for him and
calling his name with the Rangers and
and then they finally found him he had
walked I guess he had walked across the
dam or somehow or other he had got
himself onto the other side of the
Illinois River at the other sister State
Park and somebody found him he was a far
way off he was completely on I guess he
spent like several hours just kidding as
far away from all of us as he possibly
been the worst idea you know but good he
was he was off having some kind of
Pokemon for him or something I don't
know I really don't know what the guys
situation was but we finally found him
and the bus was hours late and I had was
supposed to be babysitting and
and I called you know and it was a
friend of my mother's and I called and I
explained the situation and she
apparently thought I was lying or
something and she was terribly mad that
I was so irresponsible to not show up
and I'm like but but this guy was on the
other side of the river nothing to do
about it you know it sounds it sounds
like a story you made up it does right
but it was like so many other weird it
has edges we had a really life it was it
has just enough like so like strange
elements and sympathetic ohms no no this
boy had special needs and he got lost so
we had to find him yeah sure sure yeah
sure thank Karen and you know how
frustrating is when you actually are
tell the truth no I just never tell the
truth that's my that's my plan yeah
nonnamous is your Ghostbusters science
video reached reddit front page two
times today first time it was deleted
the second time it was shadow deleted
after it reached rank 14 or so that's
true yeah it was the and the first one
it was deleted because and and no and
because well it's like I kind of get and
I kind of don't it was deleted because
it was too political and it's like you
agree Ghostbusters has turned into this
political thing which is funny because
that was literally the point of the
video was it's not about the
Ghostbusters movie they marketed it to
be political and then it was removed for
being too political it's like but did
you watch this I am I am so fucking sick
of is it supposed to be a metaphor for
something like if you like it you're
you're a Democrat and you're you know
demo-publican they do or it's don't
various numbers of boxes they're willing
to put you in based on whether or not
you didn't like a bad too mediocre
comedy film right no but I mean it made
it to the image of the front page of
Reddit read it not on the red letter
media subreddit on on the most oh yeah
movies subreddit which is a bigger Wow
and unfortunately it got it got deleted
by mods because they didn't want to
cause a kerfuffle which would you
like right you have to kind of
understand like just talking about that
movie causes a kerfuffle but why it's
just it's just a movie oh yeah yeah yes
yep
thought it was fun but nothing deeper
than that it's inferior to the original
in every way it's pointless film they
have bad chemistry though oh god red
tripping not always hey y'all what a
comic book movie are you most interested
in seeing in the near future when it
exists
I think Doctor Strange is going to be
mine because adding mysticism to the
Marvel mythos is very cool love free
rectum Cara what do you think about
Doctor Strange are you imagine you know
anything about Doctor Strange not too
much she's not Mysterio was the one with
the with the fishbowl yeah okay I I
always had a soft spot for Mysterio as a
spider-man villain because he's just so
lame but owning it okay somebody should
draw him is a gumball machine you know I
don't know much about mister like magic
and like space and God powers is right
about when I stopped paying attention to
comics because once you get to that
stuff no rules apply and I really you
know spider-man
he's a kid and he's balancing his daily
life while fighting supervillains like
Oh relatable clear easy room and die he
has to follow the rules of physics
there's one universe for spider-man and
then Doctor Strange is like no reality
is one of many the weird thing about
Doctor Strange as the main character in
the film hmm I said I I think Doctor
Strange has always worked best as a
supporting character like spider-man
meets up at Doctor Strange and he goes
this weird mystical adventure through
the ghost dimension yeah my favorite
part of Doctor Strange is where he gets
up and says my Fuhrer or I can walk or
that's different or the Baxter building
is like infested with goblins yeah
and mr. fantastic science knowledge is
useless in dealing with the problem so
he has to consult with dr. strange and
then they go on a a goblin hunting
adventure you know okay
he's a supporting character guy and it's
weird to see him as a lead you know yeah
he headlight his own comic but also you
need him in his own movie if you want to
do the wacky adventures in other movies
you need to set him up as a character
first I'm gonna say the general point if
it's a bad movie it's just kind of a
backstory or even even if it's just a
bland movie it's like okay now everyone
knows who dr. Strange's yeah so when he
shows up in spider-man 12 kid enter the
ghost zone or whatever Rich's movie is
it'll make sense right so it's like I'm
not I'm actually don't now don't label
me SJW or anything I'm more excited
about the Wonder Woman movie yeah I
thought that looked that from the
trailer alone that looked like something
maybe a little different I am I am
equally not terribly interested or
disinterested in either one okay I still
want a black widow movie great you know
what we do need some spy shit I need
some spy stuff they did in in like
season three of agents of shield they
finally got to some fairly decent spy
stuff
and it was a pretty good season we need
a spy movie but like I'm I am Jack likes
what I do I like women I like women and
I like looking at women and when they
fight it's awesome my spy movie they can
always do a Nick Fury little film they
haven't done that I wonder why they
haven't planned that they have a
Hasselhoff version they have a sci-fi
original David Hasselhoff what you
wouldn't want to see Samuel Jackson in
the Nick Fury movie everybody wants to
see the island accident yeah for sure
yeah thank you the riddle of Steel no I
I was more interested in the one unless
unless they unless they hire Will Smith
they make it a prequel and then suddenly
no one cares the ones that wonder what
Wonder Woman movie coming out I have no
idea
this year maybe I think there's a
trailer I mean it's there's a trailer
it's going to happen was it in
production does anyone actually that's a
good question does anyone know when the
Wonder Woman movie comes out like I
didn't even know you watch no cuz nobody
watched agents of shield I I mean I'm up
on all Marvel things I've seen ever I
think I've seen every Marvel Cinematic
Universe thing including the TV
Cinematic Universe they're saying they
love your tunnel might oh sorry yeah I
stopped playing oh it's not as we
started talking about comic book movies
that's how much I like comic book movies
oh it's not so next year apparently okay
but but you know Doctor Strange at what
even like even gardening it'll be good I
don't know I'm not hyped like I I don't
even care about feyo's fascist is one of
my favorite Marvel characters and I know
he is but once you stuck in my head once
you start dealing with the godlike
powers I can't care anymore right I just
can't carry Venice's motivations are so
interesting what are you doing a
Squirrel Girl movie I would love his
girl girl movie I really want the
squirrel a squirrel girl movie that
would be great you know just to get some
humor if you you've read that you've
read of course the I'm guessing the
comic book she talks galactose out of
Galactus I didn't read that one
specifically I've read a couple
different like toast
no galactose that's like a sugar so
Squirrel Girl galactose intolerant she
might be squirrel girls fun yes poor boy
she doesn't take yourself too seriously
it's for girls fun Wonder Woman looks
interesting Doctor Strange I've made a
manager could eat them keeping me and I
recommend looking up the video we're
German kids try German people try to say
squirrel it's a word that just doesn't
come out right for non-english speakers
like some words don't come out right for
English speakers how does it end up
sounding
squirrel squirrel squirrel like the idea
that it's theirs even though Scott
Arielle it's basically rhymes with swirl
or girl squirrel it's cute
barb from stranger things as squirrel
girl the chat is suggesting oh yeah well
I don't know how good of an actress she
is but just visually yeah like Dorian
green all she needs they need to give
her some prosthetic buck teeth and a
tail perfect I'll do that in posts yeah
did you see the Anna Kendrick escort
girl mock-up no so some fan put together
a Photoshop of Anna Kendrick a squirrel
girl kind of works Oh barb is perfect
barb is perfect
yes you want a petition barb from
stranger things
her name barb the character's name was
barb I don't know the actress name the
friend of the girl I mean girl well
spoiler yeah the friend of me it's a
friend of yeah Nancy I couldn't think of
a name Nancy's friend barb yes oh my god
yes what'd she have to have an adventure
in Germany so everyone would say her
name weird friend during exchange doing
runaround salad or something
an enemy better yet who's like what's
his name burns Ola Squirrel Girl versus
a Nazi supercomputer man I figured it
out I figured out the puzzle awesome I
want I want they say you're going in a
circle Jack yes and here I'll show you
so that unlocked this so Jackson jerk
does that mean he's going in a circle
jerk moving right along so I was going
in a circle
sorry thank you for noticing because I
went
over here and looked in this little book
are you underwater no I don't think so
and this little book showed this area
that I remembered and it had these these
symbols here you know and and it seems
to say go in a circle and so I took that
to me and go in a circle three times
oh and so that's what I did I went over
here and I went in a circle three times
yeah and as it turns out that unlocked
the door cool and I got the thing I
solved the puzzle that going in a circle
I going in a circle people are saying
that it looks like the classic maze
screensaver it kind of does yes that
kind of Wolfenstein esque nana mice's
what made you choose film that was a fun
creative outlet yeah we got this camera
let's fuck around some it's something I
just did in high school it was a good
creative outlet
oh yeah well remember when we were
growing up it was kind of like the hype
the the prime of home video recorders
yeah they were there pretty readily
available and and I've got our parents
didn't know what to do with them so they
just gave it to us well I've seen a
remake of The Exorcist starring Rich's
mom ah I don't know that a copy exists
anymore but but my mom and my uncles it
was cute it was sweet
your mother was was Regan and they did
they did the Exorcist another one were
one of my uncle's was a killer clown
which Onkel dole go cheese okay oh geez
I can't find it I have no idea what
those are oh no you gotta find those
they're there they're lost
they had classic classic home movies of
his parents wedding and stuff really
cute stuff his father looked like kind
of like his father's redhead and when he
was young he had kind of like like
ronald mcdonald hair almost a 70s
dad basically had an afro it's a 70s
okay i mean mom had a red afro the
seventies two fighters died
everyone had an afro it was the
seventies his destroyer said Karen's
voice sounds familiar
was she one of the real people Mike
interviewed in the Phantom Menace
blicket review no you did hear a voice
somewhere though in the early days of
rlm bum bum bum what was that
does she know about this well talk
loudly so people won't hear what you
have to say to Carol I don't even know
what he's talking about
no the people the people that Mike
interviewed in the Phantom Menace review
were word Jay's friend Jesse Jesse yeah
Jays friend Jesse J of course rich
myself and Jillian from feeding frenzy
mm-hmm and if in case I've never told I
have told the story but in case you
weren't here for the story me and
Jillian Mike actually snot like snuck up
on us to film those Mike and Jay were
helping me film a music video yeah
Jillian was acting in and all of a
sudden like mid music video shoot Mike
goes oh yeah check by the way do you
think we could like stop shooting for
like an hour cuz I have this stupid
thing I want to do and I was like what
we're shooting this thing is that yeah
just like an hour can I just like borrow
Jillian and you for an hour
it's like oh sure so yeah you had no
idea at all before
oh no no no like literally they were
just they were helping me shoot
something and and we shot that
in-between you didn't he didn't tell me
what he was gonna do but like a week or
two earlier I'd actually watched the
Phantom Menace with him just to take
notes and talk about the movie sure I
think he mentioned something about like
you know if you'd ask people to describe
these characters need to talk about
something like that
she's like a couple weeks later when he
showed up at my door with a camera I had
a good idea of what was gonna happen but
he didn't like call ahead and say I'm
gonna ask you questions about Star Wars
sure the camera right yeah yeah yeah and
and that moment in the Phantom Menace
review where I I say I get what you're
doing and it's funny that was
that was for real like I finally
understood the point he was trying to
make uh-huh and so all good things that
phantom eyes know Lisa wasn't
interviewed for them for Phantom Menace
all right so I guess I'll say what were
you heard Karen's voice before
oh sure who has anyone been speculating
I haven't seen it
okay I might just not have noticed the
United States have no really did that
many documentary about me laughing in
the theater yeah yeah about the the
scene where Darth Vader says no Revenge
of the Sith
he called my place looking for me and
Karen ash to the phone and he was asking
you like where I was then he asked you
if you could say no for you is just a
phone call so like you I don't remember
my guests can me to say no someone said
it okay okay no that should be the only
time other than another stream that you
have heard Karen yeah I've been in
playing monster party and yeah dragon
I'm streamed up mmm fantasy tales of
wisteria dragons something dragon
fantasy yep dragon who was what and
wizzy bub basically a dragon warrior
final fantasy homage on the you know
standouts homage jamage we're not gonna
get into the homage homage argument okay
it's at me no one wants to say that word
in like a really ugly way homage you
don't say ho nor do you say honor it
sounds like somebody just like you
having a fork into my ear but you say
honor you say honorary you don't say
honorary people pronounce things
different ways
I think it's homage homage homage
holding Amish like Nicki Minaj no ma
Nicki Minaj is a homage to asses
everywhere
Nicki Minaj sounds a lot better than
damage all riches Richard sleeping on
the couch tonight
true true you got it you got to be
careful now she's witty she's with you
all the time now which is actually kind
of a step up for him used to sleeping on
the floor
terrible tomato tomahto is Chicago
Chicago Chicago sausage yeah we have a
we have a city here in south western
Wisconsin called Beloit de LOI T like a
long time ago my cousins
then girlfriend at the time was up
visiting there from California and she
is a very well-educated and proper lady
I know whom I enjoy everyone who I enjoy
very much and we were driving past the
sign that said this way to Beloit and
she goes oh and what's over in Belle wha
I think Illinois was originally a gua
you Lanois and and like we have we have
a city in the Chicago suburbs desplaines
yeah right
but then we have Des Moines Iowa exactly
it pronounced differently everything
everything is all gobbledygook yeah yeah
or like Amarillo Texas instead of
Amarillo
yeah I said I enjoy I do enjoy her but
uh but Belle wha
ooh let's go visit Belvoir and if you're
from here you go why would you want to
go to Beloit RJ RJ exact how do I say
rendezvous there you go oh nice and it
to win it
that's a rendezvous too instead of
rendevouz yeah yeah yeah yeah
Bundy's rusev um to say maybe they say
like a rendezvous I don't know
Wisconsin rendezvous so not only yeah
what other way would you say that Ron de
Foix rendezvous was was never wrong whoa
like like comment allez-vous
run-run des Vosges or something I guess
I think it's named after like the Illini
Indians and I probably should know this
the riddle of Steel says look people
it's one of the things rich doesn't hate
hors d'oeuvres hi Karen cool to see you
hi hmm it's one of the things what's the
thing rich doesn't hate those rich hate
or love Jax skinny white knees hey rich
you're sexy you're thought on my knees
is very important whoa
sexy knobby knees what now rich hates
them snobby fucking knees you know
they're here you've got you get to see
my knees and I'm sorry but we the camera
needs to be wide enough to see all three
of us and so you get some hot knee
action there handy for you know hinging
your legs you're not walking like this
I've always made yours a lot easier I
know some people who can no longer use
their knees and I can only imagine that
that would suck so sorry chin says hiya
jack hi sorry Jen have you seen that
hilarious new executor dragon oh my dear
God oh yeah I have what is this it's
it's a Pokemon thing Oh for the new for
the new Pokemon game they keep on like
revealing new Pokemon that are going to
be in the new Pokemon game and so there
there's a Pokemon in the original game
Pokemon Pokemon go the new Pokemon X&Y;
there's execute which in Pokemon is
literally a clump of eggs with eyes on
it that's a kind of Pokemon and then it
evolves into executors which is a
slightly which is a tree with egg faces
like a coconut tree but instead of
coconuts it's egg face looks like a
blast assistant of beholder had a baby I
don't know what either of the holders
like as Dungeons & Dragons thing that's
got like eyes all over it Oh trouble no
mana last assist is like a ball of cells
before you start to your parts start to
become different
okay yes that's exactly the egg thing is
and so then it's a tree with egg faces
and now they have turned it into a
really tall tree with egg faces that's
that's it yeah okay I just like Oh
Sunday no Sun see I haven't played X&Y;
Sun and Moon is the new pokemon is it
X&Y; because like you can breed them or
something or could you always breed them
I don't know anything about when when
Pokemon is released
there are usually two versions of the
game released and the two versions have
slightly different Pokemon in them so if
you really want to catch them all you
have to buy both dogs that video dogs
game where I could like you know get the
boy dog in the girl dogs make puppies
you can you can breed Pokemon okay
you give them to a Pokemon daycare
person and you put two Pokemon in there
and they can they can make like a little
heart that shows up over them no no the
Pokemon breeder goes Oh an egg came out
of Pokemon what rich rich is right
Pokemon Pokemon are they like bees we're
like you know I don't have to be
fertilized to make one you know the
unfertilized eggs are amazing is the
mystery of life as a mystery of Pokemon
fucking you know and we're done talking
about Pokemon yeah you can wake up in
reproduction in bees anonymous says how
dare you who do you think you are this
is Karen hi no I thought I was being
taken to task for something
hyperactive slob says vampire the
masquerade is a shitty game it's
notoriously awful but considered a
horrible fucking game that I would shit
on it's made by the same people who did
whatever rumor or second coming out by
obsidian I changed like half the words
in that because I just don't it's a game
that people have wildly varying opinions
about like most things I don't care I
don't care about fucking vampires I
don't especially love RPGs there's
nothing here that would
me in the only vampire I was ever really
into was the conference SP straight he
was cool come on he was the best
character on Sesame Street the coolest
well on ask her the garage no you know I
always been fond of that Grover
how about snuffleupagus yeah big big
dumb lot big dumb furry elephant the
riddle of Steel says to political is the
excuse reddit mods used to get rid of
ship that goes against their own
politics that very well could be I
believe it I absolutely believe it when
you do not own the platform you
sometimes find yourself at the losing
end of other people's biases
absolutely absolutely read it written
you know that's what the mods are
hopefully there for is to weed out the
weird stuff but they then say I'm men
and then they have a weakness is yeah
they arguing and while it might be
frustrating there are other platforms
there are like this one yes the riddle
of Steel says what do you think of the
people who in the wake of Ghostbusters
wrote articles about how it's better
than the old one and the old one was
never really that good other idiots who
are trying to justify the new movies
existence that's what they're the old
one was not perfect it's pretty damn
close sorry I'm sorry it's pretty damn
yeah there there there's a what do they
call that the contrary inclu
yeah yeah where where it goes in waves
and you what you want to do is make sure
you catch the rising of the wave and so
they were writing articles with these
big flashy titles the original
Ghostbusters wasn't that good hoping to
ride that wave of the new one and then
eventually like a year or two later it
would come back about the wave would
come down and go you know that
Ghostbusters remake really wasn't all
that special just so they can ride that
contrarian wave to get the click or an
insane amount of bias
generating some kind of like sours grape
asked response that sentence literally
made no sense to me I want to let you
know that they need the new one to be
good because I know because because
vaginas I don't even think it's a maybe
I liked the movie for reasons that had
nothing to do with vaginas I'm gonna say
movie done with men would have been cute
too although I thought it was kind of
interesting that they genders well I'm
not speaking about everybody but for
better or worse the movie has become
highly politicized I know it is highly
politicized
well it's and so like those people who
are writing those articles what's what's
in the realm of realistic did they
actually think that the Ghostbusters
movie was better than the original
that's possible were they just had a
hyperbolic title and some crazy ideas to
get clicks very possible somewhere in
between very possible why did where did
we end up in a world where what movie
you like or don't like is supposed to be
a judge of your character and if you
don't agree with somebody about movies
you know my favorite color of red is red
your favorite color is blue you're
stupid I mean welcome to the Internet
that's kind of where yes that's kind of
where we are
what
the real van says Karen now that you're
here to stay I can ask you directly are
you up to live streaming your and Rich's
wedding
either way welcome back to prereq I hope
you are on often we are flattered but I
think we might skip that well we'll have
to discuss that because honestly the
thought had never occurred to me we
never we never got that two-thousand
dollar tip ee oh did you did you tell
Karen no I didn't well you me you might
have to break some awkwardness who are
right about now it never happened I said
they wanted you know it's the live
stream of the wedding and I said if we
got a $2,000 tip that I would secretly
livestream it without telling you I said
I said for an extra $1000 for $3,000 not
only would I live stream it but I would
have a speaker and it would be just like
loud enough for you to hear the tips the
Oh My gods during the wedding I think no
now I'm gonna be like it was thirty
thousand okay because I'm smart enough
to know that some insane person might
have donated three yeah I did say thirty
thousand
no terrible no I love it yes you did go
down on one knee you went down on one
knee yeah how romantic
he's sweet you're always full of
romantic shit
what did you do have like one of those
skywriter planes fly by
oh I got that yeah I got that on me
it was it was a surprise my Lisa was
very mad at me because I had yet to ask
her to marry me
okay and our friends were getting
married and you know we had talked about
marriage you know we we both knew we
were it was gonna happen and so a couple
friends of ours were getting married and
Lisa was involved in the wedding and so
I didn't want to ask her to marry me
to take away thunder from my friend's
wedding but you know weddings were
happening at least it was involved and
just just were not getting married yet
and I had already bought the ring and I
already made the plan and you know like
things were happening but but in her in
her head news she had a schedule like
I'm supposed to be married so the nights
after our friends got married we go back
home and she is in full scowl mode good
because because her you know a very good
friends of ours had just been married
and she's not married and she has no
idea that I have the ring in our closet
so she goes to the bathroom starts
taking off makeup I quit go get the ring
and she comes into our bedroom and I
propose and she and and and I have the
ring out and I'm looking at her and she
goes shut up that was her response and I
said no really I didn't want to steal
thunder away from our friends will you
marry me and she was very excited she
was very she was very excited but you
know it was just one of those situations
where she was mad at me not like not mad
but just like one of those like
disappoint impatient and disappointed
and you know and and I couldn't tell her
like I'm gonna do it just wait till the
weddings because that was part of the
surprise but but uh then ever is a
perfect time or perfectly imperfect time
oh god no our tree fucker and the
chances after I got on my knees proposed
to you
did you have to help me up don't answer
that question she just kind of rolled
him over got the jack out of my car
Sarah we have not set a date yet we need
to do that I've moving up here you know
one thing at a time I can only think
about like what take at a time we're not
I mean we're not gonna tell you guys
when the day it is yeah or we're low-key
when or we're just one of these days
probably rich is just not gonna be in
streaming over just feeling sick tonight
yeah and that's what's gonna happen so
don't don't feel sad Sean says we need a
Squirrel Girl movie where she saves the
day at the cost of lots of squirrel
caused damage and then it in the sequel
she hoped could be introduced as her
lawyer trying to keep her out of jail
she-hulk a squirrel oh boy here they get
a CGI all the squirrels or they don't
gonna have like tons of squirrel actors
they probably I can trade these things
like clicker trainer to do a few things
maybe for the close be smart they would
you see Jack they'd have one squirrel
that they would have vice like a
stand-in for the CGI but maybe 98% CGI
Oh real estates were lor you think they
do like a cartoony squirrel like extra
cute fence on what sewn they're going
for okay
I really want to squirrel the movie and
now I mean I have no idea if she would
be up to that particular role or
whatever but that girl for stranger
things visually she looks just she looks
just like her
yeah the squirrel girl is a curvy girl
that she's got short red hair and she's
perfect she's perfect it probably won't
be her they'll need it they'll need in
bigger name yeah they just because
that's how it works blood
squirrel custody the guys at squirrel
costumes it'll all be John Barrowman
right did you see that did you see the
John Barrowman and squirrel at San Diego
comic-con you know what I'm in the same
boat here oh really yeah I usually just
figure that whatever it is I should know
it pull of pop culture ignorance you me
was on Doctor Who he was like he's on
like the arrow now he's just like a nerd
figure home on score John I've seen a
few episodes of Doctor Who it's
something I've been meaning to watch
Maura I just other things come up he was
on he was on a Doctor Who spin-off show
there it is so you know he's kind of a
nun you know well-known issued actor and
this is how he dressed for comic-con
somebody said Ellie Kemper from
unbreakable kimmy schmitt a squirrel
girl that's an interesting choice it's
the right personality yeah yeah she
could work so that's what he dressed
like at San Diego comic-con he's great
who is he on arrow I don't know if if I
know he's a bad guy on arrow and he's
the only good person on arrow arrows a
show that I watch and I hate I think
it's an awful garbage soap opera show
but I watch it all the time because it's
an awful garbage soap opera show every
actor is terrible except for John
Barrowman who is the only one who
understands that it's kind of campy and
so he's he's just all over the place and
playing the bad guy and chewing the
scenery and playing it right he's he's
like the dark arrow I don't know how do
we show them that he's Malcolm Merlyn
yeah where's your carrot like well I
think someone someone links to it in
Jenn okay someone link to it okay
because it's beautiful I I had already
fixed ideas to the Chromebook
we're already back we need to be you
want to get caught up on tips first we
want to go in the stranger things I get
caught up on tips I got a ton we had a
tongue whoa nonnamous says hey I don't
intend to insult but my rlm ever attempt
to create a genuine or earnest movie or
we're all movies done by the people of
the rlm crew always done in this style
also hello Karen hi
that's not insulting yeah even you make
comedies we make we like comedies and I
mean you like a lot of time budget
forbids you from the long walk home kind
of pretended to be an earnest it wasn't
and even when it was pretending it
wasn't good well yeah and at the time
you were like 20-something which made
you poorly cast to be a grizzle totally
I'm just a tech this point was the point
the recovered wagon jaded the recovered
which I still haven't seen and was not
involved with you still haven't seen
them recovered yep that was a serious
horror movie and there was a no rich
Evans policy gorilla gorilla interrupted
wasn't high art commentary yeah that
gorilla I'm sorry they were covered it
was a serious movie I know Jay wasn't
talk Jay wasn't talks remember he wanted
to buy the rights to that Milwaukee
filmmaker low-budget movie and remake it
yeah oh yeah yeah and that would have
been a serious movie yeah he didn't get
the rights in Fort Riley but I don't
know maybe space cop killed them for I
mean at least for a little bit for
making movies yeah
killed them kill them they're dead when
they recharge well there's some things
we want to do we'll do it thank you guys
blood beat there's no there's a movie
called blood beat Western or I love
Western the Western our music oh that's
great
pyrite pyrite it is all right by me it
might not be real gold you see
who do you think manages to see worse
via red I mean we're both pretty bad I
couldn't carry a checkbook tell them
tell them about doing the score for the
Western or musical tell them the story I
have nightmares about that school you
know cuz like I can make music and
they're like it just make it really
simple you know like make it Stan I was
like okay yeah I can I can make a beat
here were the limitations plus we should
explain these people some not everyone
knows but they do this thing called the
48 hour film festival yeah where you get
48 hours you get literally two days to
write film and edit of a short film and
they they have like certain things you
need to include in it to make sure
you're being honest like you need to
have this line of dialogue and a
character called this this property so
that they know that you're not gonna
make it ahead of time taking a mom but I
think this is it's this competition they
do and everybody gets together before
you start before the 48 hour starts and
you pick a genre out of a hat and I
picked the genre and I got a little slip
that said western or musical yes or yes
so as a joke we did the Western or
musical Ori the musical about rocks the
musical about fucking rocks it's great
yeah it is great so we had two days to
write and edit a fucking musical that is
that in the West and so the day before
you guys were gonna film once a Mike
called me up hey can you help out you
know we need you know actor bubbles I
had no problem the day I show up to film
i I have a very small role and then Mike
tells me you know what what we really
need is someone to make the music for
this and I was like oh my god maybe sure
you know like I'm not like a good
musician or anything and I was like sure
no problem but like writing a whole song
that's gonna be really hard and he's
like no no we already wrote the song you
just need to make the music for it like
I don't think that's how it works and so
they just handed me the footage of all
the singing there was no and they sang
live and I needed to use their
I'm singing to make the music - there
was no metronome there there was no wild
audio captured it was just the footage I
was giving and it's like how the fuck am
I supposed to make a song out of any of
this just like oh god I tried I don't
know much about this Jesus I tried to
auto-tune like all of them like all of
them were terrible and so like that's
why you see the strange edits and the
time warping and all of those songs is
just to make it fit the metronome and
then like literally all I could do was
like make a simple rudimentary people
people who are not great singers doing
acapella renditions of a song they've
never heard it was you you tried to
auto-tune me and that didn't work OTO -
did not work on rich evidence for the
city it's an improvement they were they
were they were like you know Mike at
least was like kind of this like
monotone character so his singing kind
of worked and and you know in Mike's
head it was just like no these are just
standard songs just make music and it's
like that's not how it works that's not
how it works at all Mike also I'm not a
good musician one of the songs was so
rich was so terrible what was that song
for the prostitute something where the
ride I get my rocks off with you know no
it was like it's like it's a life of
rocks not a life for a cup of coffee yes
rich was so terrible you got hopefully
the the audio exists somewhere of your
original sing he tried to go falsetto
there was no fixing it and so I just
sang over it I was like that's gonna be
the joke is it's clearly a different
point I have to hide I'm hiding and so
the only way this song is going to work
is if I record my voice over it
mama should have done that with his
baseball pitches did you know he
received throughout the first thing oh
sure he's like as bad as I would be it
was so bad but you know but also it was
a short created in 48 hours
so it's like you had your oh my thinking
people were mostly focusing on the
lyrics which were hysterical yes yeah
talk about pie right oh my god other
things still one of the best things ever
I know I started this but I know it's a
good story
yeah I could I have to hide but I know
it's so good so good sir know what and
that that one of my favorite endings out
of any short was that was the the
showdown yeah game it's great yeah great
those dual works and I know they for an
hour and whoever shoots the other guy
than genitals more times wins and then
you're gonna win the day with your rock
instead of a guy but he just yeah that's
great it's great fine piece of art the
Western or musical I love it I really do
it's cute
Gold is yeah hey they think they know it
goes tastes better with salt and pepper
which makes no sense I read that one
lied again I love it
Gold is better I wrote that I'm not
ashamed of it I wrote that don't pyrite
is not right by me it don't get bitches
you see you know I like it cuz I know
the lyrics to it I mean granite unit 603
idiot says hey rich just got an awesome
new job that requires me to be
entertaining that's the funniest guy
I've seen in years can you give me any
advice other than swearing loudly and
mispronouncing words that's basically it
you can't you can't teach funny you
can't you either are or you're not you
can't you can't be yourself even if
you're a funny person half the time when
you're trying you're not funny find you
find your own funny because you know
you're not gonna be you're not rich if
you're your version of humor your sense
of humor is gonna be different than his
if you're imitating somebody else you're
probably gonna fail yeah yeah well and
here's the huge thing you cannot teach
funny I do think that you can craft
funny no time I think any person who
goes at it long enough will eventually
find the flow I hope you hope I guess
some people don't but there's the hope
that anyone can find that flow but you
know maybe take some take some improv
classes maybe take improv class but be a
good you or a bad you not a not a don't
be rotation rich yeah it won't work that
that's a good advice no one can be rich
but rich and sometimes I'm surprised
rich is rich check what what did they
teach you in Clown College clone isn't
that in that teaching someone to be
funny well that's teaching someone to be
a clown
oh the clouds aren't funny huh the
clowns aren't funny so they're not
teaching you how to be funny they taste
funny what I hear this is a comic did
you really go to Clown College yeah I
didn't really want to Konica I was I was
a birthday clown for a few years
pictures are just napping but I'm sure
they exist somewhere no they like con
College they teach you like more so they
teach you like crowd control
you know like especially if you're going
for like birthday parties and stuff it's
like how to manage the Horde of children
that you have to deal with and then you
have stuff like balloon animals and
simple party tricks and makeup and you
know they they teach you like or they
kind of guide you in crafting your
schtick was this like a bachelor's
degree in clown clown doctorate it was
oh yeah but definitely bachelor's a
minor in clowning but no you know what I
improve every every just about every
city will have some sort of improv thing
we have comedy sports and they offer
classes and workshops and it just kind
of teaches you how to bounce off of
other people I think that that is more
important like it yeah well and it it
teaches you how to open up your mind to
just spit something out until it's funny
you know improv I think is good for
everyone to know yeah somebody says I
just imagined 30 clouds on a classroom
making balloon animals we we didn't wear
the makeup in class like someone know if
someone walks into door the door 30
clowns turn wrong class wrong class I
can't I'm a person who walks into the
class it's wrong class there are my
mersa right I can't I can make balloon
animals I have I have forgotten how to
make most balloon animals so hard to
blow up
I can well you get a pump okay you get a
pump uh I can still make a poodle and
turn it into a giraffe which is pain I
have I I admire you because I have a
lifelong kind of minor phobia about
popping balloons the idea of making
things out of balloons
like that gonna pop in my face Oh your
paw yeah you'll pop for you papa feel
the real steel not gonna read this just
because it's coming close to getting
into political terry does they're a tree
I just want to avoid I've never played
this XO ie oh I know I know nothing
about the context so I'm just not gonna
comment that's probably smart it's yeah
I have nothing bad
sorry sorry the rail of steel I don't
know that much about deus ex oh yeah
Anonymous's how do you feel about Bill
Murray's womanizing character being a
person with a position of authority at a
co-ed institution it's movie in real
life it would be pretty shitty but like
that's his character and we're life
anybody trying to sleep with their
students did you fire them oh absolutely
and it's but it's like that's kind of
his character in the movie he is a
sleazy con man yes that's all he's
trying to do with Dana too is get into
her pants and you know failing because
luckily Dana is a strong female
character fortunately it's a work of
fiction but like that's kind of the
thing about the original Ghostbusters
is these guys are kind of Schmucks yeah
you know most of most of them are just
either working Joe's their failed
scientists they're con artists their
dreamers he's not supposed to be a
virtuous curved lion right well pointing
out some of the differences between the
new one and the old one the new one you
know all the girls are the best at
everything ever and these guys are just
remarks anonymous says okay forget about
Miami Vice that was random but have you
heard about the angry petition against
rotten tomatoes because they measure
suicide squad to only to have only 31%
positive use yes and we talked about it
earlier yep
sorry if you missed that we talked about
it early it's ridiculous these fans are
dumb we said in short that it's that the
site aggregates more or less the same
reviewers for every movie and it's just
and and they're not creating the content
it just happened that for this movie the
people that they were polling
didn't like that one - says have you
thought of dissolving VHS tapes in
sulfuric acid as a scientist man myself
I can walk you through it there's a
trick you can do to make it disappear
into thin air over just a few hours oh
well you know where did the dissolving
tape sheet rest rich with sulfuric acid
how what did what did acetate acetone
what did what did he worry I don't burn
my own dick off
yes what did what did J use acetone -
nail polish remover yep you don't think
that stuff's horrific ly dangerous to
handle no and it dissolves the tape
pretty well it took a while I think no
matter what the issue that we would run
into is cloudy water you know so we have
some time lapse and so maybe some water
changes there's something I don't even
know but yeah like rich said we've
already done the whole dissolve the tape
thing stigma u5 says hey guys have you
played this is the police I really
really like it you should play it I've
not played it I just saw that on its I
think it's on the Steam sale I've only
just heard of it what is it I just saw
the picture okay it's on Steam sale
right now I believe well look into it at
some point trying to get these tips so
we can talk about stranger things
gobbling exes speaking of clown face
Jack you will you try we happy few I
hear people are complaining that it is
difficult to pressing and bad we we have
a few reasonable to note was gonna be
depressing based on the subject matter
of course it's it's all about like not
taking your happiness pill yeah
and it's it's been out in early access
which is why people are playing it and I
you guys know how like early access I
rarely dip into because it's constantly
changing I want to wait until that one's
done I think when it's done we'll play
it I don't know if I play it on stream
or do an episode about it but that was a
big e3 game so
I would like to play it but wait till
it's out of early acces because anything
can change they could rewrite stuff they
could fix stuff like oh I ran into this
horrible game-breaking bug and that
colors my opinion of the ocean services
to be fair we've talked about early
access stuff before we have and and I
always cringe a little bit I hate it a
little bit
I like playing a fully done game if it's
something small it's not getting
attention though and I think it's got
potential I don't mind calling it out
sure like 20xx I think and I think 20xx
fit because of the not Megaman theme but
this is a big game I'm good wait till
it's done okay gonna wait those thing
there's no good reason for a triple-a
game to be really access there cuz they
use it there's no reason they use it as
a market I don't know I know it's not
the point it's not what it's not why it
exists it exists as smaller devs can can
get this grand Bish's idea they have
funded yet why it exists doesn't maybe
they just want to use the whole world
for beta testing yeah that's probably
your fucking Triple H 2d you you got the
money to not have to do that shit mm-hmm
we should be doing your free beta
testing if you could afford it but if
they can make people do it for sure oh
they will you think I make people do for
free and drum up early hype for sales of
course they're gonna do it could could
backfire
it almost bid doom in the ass cuz
everyone hated the multiplayer early
access you guys oh yeah yeah you guys
can vote with you're not playing it for
that particular I actually I hear the
the whole snap map thing has gotten a
lot better in in Doom
yeah they added hell oh that's nice so
so we there's some we got a couple of
requests to take another look at it
would take another look at the snap map
check and rich go to hell
yay we happy few is an indie game but
it's being pushed hard by Microsoft that
was a big show at e3 and it's been all
over the Xbox - but it's not really
triple-a though I don't know I don't
know much about it so
I'm in the dark it's indeed developers
and a big publisher okay so it's like
okay it's in that weird mishmash world
where Microsoft is pushing hard for we
have you so they've got deep pockets
there's pot there's money somewhere in
there I don't remember the details but I
know the people that did six eighteen
seventeen bit games that did skulls of
the Shogun they were heavily backed by
Microsoft
I remember here all of them getting like
basically screwed oh yeah let's do bad
that's too bad Nana says I got here late
is there a woman on the stream in
response to the scientists man video
okay here's your chair you are our token
woman tonight yes yeah she's trying to
go try to say something woman oh my god
I like pink I like pink ponies how was
math is math too hard math is hard now
our our woman quota is filled see you
next month Karen they were asking that I
was a woman this time you know I was
like all the time gobbledygook says I'm
a woman Oh
also things like that also can you
comment on the no man's sky spoiler
controversy someone paid $1,300 for a
previous copy and leaked footage of all
the secrets and the devs are manic or
something as they should be well you
don't want the secrets why are you
looking for videos on this game a week
before it comes out that's to some
degree that's on you too dumb to avoid
spoilers Agron you get mad when you get
spoiled
don't don't walk into the spoiler bar
yeah but also like he paid a ridiculous
amount of money to get an early copy why
did they give it to me well he found
some like workaround but he had to pay a
lot of money and he did something like
it was some sort of scam yeah but it was
like fifteen hundred dollars to get this
early copy of no man's sky
and how just thinking from this person
standpoint how are you making money off
of this piece of videos he's the first
to get the the scoops and all the things
I don't know with ad revenue his views
would have to be I don't the million
maybe he was banking on the fact that
he'd be the first you'd be the first or
maybe maybe he's just a rich asshole
with too much time and money at his
hands that's a more likely scenario
there's no way you can get that kind of
ad revenue money back before the devs
shut it down and they did they shut it
down immediately
that's what notch would pay $1,300 to
play no man scholar so we did something
jerky yeah and he paid for it
financially yes punishment served yep I
like it
