Episode 623
Jack's Heart Pounding PC Build
September 17, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rBWzz4oALd4
___________________________________________

[A] down and there's your heart rate I'm
going to try to get Zen we mentioned
your heart rate can everybody see Jax
can everyone see our heart oh my god I
had no mic and I'm a scream alright
there we go
there we go I was dumb that was fair
that was a rookie mistake
rookie mistake rich so heart rate heart
rate we could see your heart rate and
already I'm freaking out
this was Rich's grand grand idea the
heart ometer which I which I love I love
the heart ometer hi oh hi everybody hi
everybody
the only thing it needs is sound effects
needs a dude well dude remember it
yelled at us really I don't know why but
it yelled at us because you took it off
thought you were dead
welcome welcome to Jack builds his PC
stream you have never built a PC before
I have never built a PC before I am
freaking out a little bit and then rich
had this idea to hook up this heart
monitor which is on my toe right now so
I have a thing which camera am I looking
at I have a thing on my toe right now
that is giving you that live heart rate
my B beats per minute I have no idea
like what's normal but I feel stressed
out yeah yeah you should you should give
this you know any mistake jack it's a
very expensive mistake any mistake is
gonna be okay so what do I do with this
well that that that is for static
electricity like if you touch like your
mother borrowed your video card or
something yeah it you get an electric
shock that might fuck some shit up
mm-hmm so you put that around your wrist
and then the other end you you have to
ground yourself some kind of metal
that's touching the ground I think you
can you guys think you can't just clap
it under the case if the case is metal
yeah and you'll be fine
oh okay
oh okay and rich is gonna be my helper I
have all of my things over here and a
lot of them are not even open so this is
like this is like unboxing Street this
is also an unboxing stream and you and
you'll get to see all of my fun my super
fun stuff so that is that is your case
here is my gorgeous case where I think I
say this exactly step one pour coffee
all over motherboard why is your drink
there as soon as the actual electronics
come out my drink is going away but I
haven't finished it yet
and so I I want to UM I want to have it
there because coffee comforts me because
I'm addicted to coffee I did have this
open Irie Irie package this because
there were some things that I weren't
quite sure fit
I'll see you you you had this on already
a little yeah like this I opened already
but look at this absolutely gorgeously
I'm super excited cameras focused
entirely on the white board I want to
move that over a bit I'll move the case
over here
for everyone out to see close-up you
know I think this is a better one look
at this tiny tiny case this is glass
you're a flat lining huh you're
flatlining oh my god I'm dead oh my god
I'm dead hold on wake up
I have to wiggle my toes hold on let me
work on my toes a little bit
do you have diabetes right you bout to
lose a toe oh my god I might be losing a
toe hold on everybody here look at my
sweet ass case Jack you're getting F to
the chat what F oh yeah so pay respects
thank you chat oh god there it is
breathe deep
I did take it off for a second breathing
deep I'm dead I'm sorry it's not gonna
stop beeping I'm sorry I'm dead hold on
it'll stop it stopped before jack has no
circulation is like you should be
standing up more I know no I should be
there we go now we're getting it again
so here's my here's my super beautiful
case this is glass under Heat and Ethier
obviously I'm not taking off the
protective foam until we are further
done in the bill but look at how tiny
and beautiful this case is I'm super
super excited about this and then look
like check this out this just snaps off
you can just like pull off the side
oh that's clear case yeah it's glass and
so it's got it's got a protective sheet
on it I did not find my last case but
you didn't get any of the lighting I
don't want the lighting I don't why you
get a glass case you can still see the
innards it's still beautiful you can
still see the beauty but I think LED
lights are lame so I'm not doing that
here's the here's the inside guts
he was the inner guts pretty small and
then here you can also pop out this side
for for feasibility of building and yeah
it's hard to like figure out the right
angle to show you guys this button
anyway it's so tiny no you guys this is
so tiny you know here is it here's the
remote control for our TV to give you
like some concept I don't have a proper
thing to give you scale but this is a
remote control this is how tiny the
cases I think your hands probably a
decent size
well they I might have giant hands or
tiny hands they don't know they don't
know what kind of hands I have
but that's how big it is so super super
exciting and I'm so nervous
85 86 beats per second or someone figure
out what unnormal beat per second is
fluctuating you've hit the 90s you have
been as low as 270 I think you're just
excited Jack I'm sure you guys have no
idea how excited I am and nervous I am
to build this live why is it so tiny
because I want something that looks
pretty and the way my desk is set up at
work I don't have a ton of space and I
want to make sure everything is clean
and beautiful so I got a tiny beautiful
thing that I can put on top of my desk
he thinks it's pretty I think it's so
pretty it's so pretty can I just do this
like does that work just do it to the
case just over to the case okay I mean
right it doesn't matter I think like
where are you gonna be working mostly
and look for the camera setup I have no
idea where I'm gonna be working mostly
rich because I've never built a computer
before I don't even know what I'm using
people could see the things so like I'm
imagining do this come on over here
camera yeah there we go
yeah we can work with that a little more
easy so then I'll be doing like this see
this and you guys can see me and rich
and great well I'm not gonna hand you
the next thing you ask me the next thing
and I'll get it for you what wait you're
supposed to help me I'm your own Jack
what you're on your own rich I don't
know what I'm doing I thought you did
the research well now all my parts fit I
don't know how to put them on you didn't
research this you didn't read up no oh
my god why was I supposed to yeah like
well I figured you know why cuz I
figured I figured that you know the
chats are gonna be helpful obviously
obviously the chats gonna know what to
do oh well just like what order what
order do
what are you going you know do you do
motherboard motherboard motherboard
heatsink first motherboard
well you might born I put the processor
in the motherboard right do you have
like what do you have for cooling you
have a fancy fan oh I can fit a fancy
fan I do I have a very fancy fan okay
where I don't I don't know what you're
even doing Yeah right here bring me my
motherboard and my fancy fan we'll just
start there how about that
oh yeah start by putting CPU into
motherboard sure sure
CPU yep solid staid get my giant ass
super fancy fan god what is this wait
till you see this thing wait till you
see this thing it's not time for that
yet
it's great great here's my motherboard I
had to do the one thing I really really
had to double check now do you need to
put mounting screws in your case for the
motive work first or does already have
mounting screws there already has
mounting screws here okay and then I
believe they are right here yep great
hey guys this is we're gonna take it
easy and we're all gonna settle down
specifically me I'm gonna settle down
with a medal I am very worried that you
did not like like read a guide first on
the steps in the order and what very I'm
very surprised it'll be fine I did thank
you whoever whoever suggested I go to PC
part picker yep thank you for that
because I was I was starting to get
really worried that like what if what if
it I just can't plug shit into other
shit no cuz you assume where it's like
everything is basically kind of the same
yeah but you know and then someone
mentioned PC part picker which I didn't
even know was a thing but they told them
a PC part Baker told me everything is
compatible weld it so that's good here
is my motherboard
so what is oh okay so that's where the
pins go great
that should be easy right that's an easy
thing to do
putting the core in should we do that
first let's do that first
let's put the core in you know it's the
most nerve-wracking thing sure the pins
on that are very delicate well now now
you got me extra excited don't put it in
there like like a like turn the wrong
way and then pull like a clamp to try
and get it and like you're gonna like
rip all of the pins out of the processor
and then you're gonna ruin both your
processor and your motherboard thank you
right while you watch a little video and
it says like what was cut processor you
know lines up here like this when you
put a lever you can expect it to feel
like this much pressure but if you feel
too much pressure stop immediately
Phillip feels like that you're gonna
break something and you have no idea
what to expect now and until that's
frightening
is frightening I'm a winged it kind of
guy rich
I'm a winged it kind of guy so here is
the processor this beautiful view what
is the name of the motherboard for these
for these nice people who are watching
oh sure good so this is an MSI be 150 I
gaming pro AC there's a lot of
motherboards out there yeah
oh yeah I know a lot of motherboards out
there because my dad's very into
computing uh he gave me a piece of
advice years ago that I took to heart
okay
don't neglect your motherboard don't
like buy the cheapest thing you can
because you think it's at least support
its it ties everything together it ties
everything don't get a cheap motherboard
ya know so the you know I and I went
with reviews not just like the big the
biggest like the most positive reviews
but the most amount of reviews right
because that's usually what you do it
like like so if it has a good number but
also like 500 reviews okay works for a
life just made it was cheap but yeah
well but if it has good
you okay okay but you know what we're
it's like if there's one that's like a
five-star but only has ten reviews and
one is a four and a half star and has
500 reviews I'm more apt to get the 500
review on the CPU is key to go in one
direction only make sure to match up the
indicator down with the in with the top
of the CPU on that with a second so it's
the msi be 150 i gaming pro ac good
stuff on it you know I thought it would
hilarious it has one of these old-school
mouse and keyboard inputs like anyone
would ever need those but good Wi-Fi
Wi-Fi is important to me as my office is
not wired right now for Ethernet so I
need a good Wi-Fi and what is this thing
why is that there none of us is
regarding the is this replacing Mima and
best of the worst
oh sure you can laugh Erol and patrons
should be worried I can consider blinken
a my a game station gone quick cuts gone
I'm also gone fuck BOTS 48 hour film
rich Evans watches animated blinkin 101
kid jokes
dude bros care bores keep making the
same old stuff because I don't like
things that are different
mmm interesting do you have any thoughts
on that rich well for one I think it
isn't m.i.a
right I can tell you that blanket is
being worked on as we speak
everyone knows blankets being worked I
have recently been working on a thing
before blanket you have in fact you have
been doing game stations been dead for
years and has been dead because it
sucked and we replaced game station with
something thank you that's why we're all
here dude Bros has been dead for like
like a decade before rlm was a thing I
was n with care boards by the way there
was one care Bors there was one care
Bors and dude bros was the thing before
RL m yeah
people are just butthurt because i
called them out on there
their comment section bullshit right I
think okay I lift it up this thing and
then this thing raises up this is where
I'm gonna start to get real nervous all
right what I'm reading I'm reading the
instructions right now okay what what
processor did you get oh my gosh that is
doubly important I got the Intel Core i5
6600 K so Intel Inside Intel Inside a
core i5 you know you can't go with the
i7 which is significantly more expensive
so I got this Black Friday Black Friday
yeah
rich is a deal hunter I am an impatient
man but the six is six hundred again
good reviews that's okay oh I was
reading the instructions my five is fine
of course it is it's everything I got is
gonna be fine
that is a real heart rate monitor yeah
that is a real heart rate monitor people
right now is that his riches idea here
is the heart rate monitor that is
currently hooked up to my toe I am not
joking that we got an actual pulse
oximeter there was you know and so that
is it live right now and I am being cool
I'm staying cool because I'm trying not
to freak out because once you start
freaking out there's no stopping
freaking out you you read the
instructions yeah and make sure damn
well you make big damn sure you know I
don't put that on I'm walking I'm just
glad you didn't try to put like thermal
paste all over the socket oh god I'd
like to think I know better than that
okay let's see here
renegade curious rich what are your
thoughts on dead rising for removing the
timeline the time limit mechanic not
even having an optional arcade mode it
bummed me out and I'll just stick with
Dead Rising 2 off the record yeah it
kind of ruins the game I am now not
interested in Dead Rising for a little
bit a little bit injured like like like
I'm sale
I'll check it out someday but what do
they do it kind of that you know how
dead rising has like the strict time
limits like everything in that game is
on a clock yeah you have three days and
X happens on day two and you have so
much time to do it but you gotta balance
that with doing this one all that's
going oh so much times you wanna take
the time and fuck off be casual it's
more fun now cuz it's boring
it's more fun now cuz it's boring that
sounds about right telegin says great
best of the worst guys I don't know how
you turned the conversation around to
male pregnancy and armpit Davis
but somehow you did that's that's the
magic of rich Evans right there Mike sue
might get a lot to do with that I was
proud of my use kit tampon edition
though to the story as who should be
right something logical you needed a
hang if you're gonna have a baby just
there's two things you need for sure
unless you're cloning okay
right I did that then I just then I just
put this thing back on like there's no
pushing or is everything wanna dump and
in the right spot yeah it has little
tabs okay
it has tiny little tabs and then this
just kind of oh so the yeah this is the
tough part right here is now you push
down on this to close it all
show them what you're doing okay so I
lined up the core and here I'll open
this back up again you do have the
plastic off right oh yeah I totally did
that one there's plastic I didn't see
plastic yeah this is what it came okay
yeah that's right okay there's plastic
how they package it I well now you got
me freaked out
you should be freaked out I this is
where the most expensive rotten things
can happen okay so I know it's lined up
because it has if you can you can see it
has little tabs right here that make it
line up so now I'm just gonna push down
and hope that everything's fine so that
goes on top there boom
and yeah this is the
so that should be it boom now I got the
processor right sure why not I don't
care
you put thermal paste on before you put
the cooler on depending on what goes on
top of the processor I'm talking to the
chat okay
don't yeah don't don't bend pins in
three two one no no it's fine
the I did you I hopefully all heard like
the groan that that Gaelic yeah but I
think I can see Jax shuffling his feet
around from the PPG maybe yeah and well
that's I'm trying I'm trying not to move
it too much but okay great so there's
the processor that's in that's all
that's everything you don't even know
how to properly apply the throw paste I
don't you know you know I rich you're
here and you've done this before
the whole bit was I don't help you I
thought that was the bit we had a bit
that's the exciting like rich isn't
gonna catch but like a PC and rich isn't
gonna help
I got a tune in for that drama no it's
not drama
that was never part of that I was never
part of the plan that was never part of
the plan this is gonna be like us
playing XCOM it's gonna be like you
playing ex-con with me now put the thing
in there now put it on like that
you're gonna armchair general right he's
planning on asking the chat LS it using
too much thermal paste did you buy
thermal paste i came with the cooler oh
okay I brought something I thought
sometimes racism I was ready for a
gotcha yeah yeah I mean the one thing
the one thing I thought about is like I
got this SSD and I don't know if this
came with the cord it should come with a
cord right do you think yeah right I
don't know either that's always part of
the plan Jack some coolers come with
pace to already apply yeah some coolers
come you're now dead again I'm dead
again now your big toe I'd only go likes
your tiny toe oh it's not on my
don't we won't fit on my big door won't
fit on your big don't think I just know
you're dead
am i dead again no they're gone I'm back
I'm back alive I just needed to move my
foot there we go I'm back alive again
everybody you know you might want to see
a doctor about that
what that's some kind of poor
circulation going on Jack I don't know I
might have forced circulation I don't
know that's why do why do you think it's
so important that I stand up every else
he's acting before you lose that foot
I'm saying diabetes is important okay so
do I so what do I do
you know I have all these cables here
you have um processor in I have the
processor in you might want to put it in
the case put it put this in the case
yeah you put this in the case before you
put the the cooler out oh well I don't
know how fancy your cooler is I put my
cool around after the fact okay
I don't think I did know I didn't that
would be that might be dumb that might
be in your cooler okay let's take a look
at my cool thing I think I'm being brain
dead cuz it's been it's now been a
couple years since I have done this
right right I hope you have SATA cables
somewhere because I don't have spares of
those for the for my hard drive to the
motherboard come with like cables for
head drives and for other things some
cables it came with some cables and are
you even doing a CD drive no no I am NOT
doing a CD drive
hey Karen's in the chat maybe I can put
it in an earlobe okay here's my cooler
it took me a long time to find the right
cooler Kurtis suggested you put the
heart rate monitor on you hear that my
earlobe yeah and you know I just don't
think I just have to move my foot
everyone tomorrow think of the visual
think of the visual Jack I can't
concentrate I'm putting my computer
together if I got a thing in my earlobe
rich okay check out this beast foam you
don't know did you end up going water
cool like what that is gigantic what is
this
I didn't know water cool I wanted to go
water cold which is insane no that's
crazy it's perfectly fine and in my case
here I'll show it before I show you the
cooler that I got my case has these two
holes right here if you can see two butt
holes
come here they're real these two
potholes right here for specifically for
water cooling so you can put a water
cooler in here run the tubes out here
the only problem is then the radiator
this case is designed for the radiator
to sit on top and so then you got a
little brick on top and that would kind
of ruin the streamlined look that I'm
going for the the aesthetics that I'm
looking for so I found but but also you
know the case is not very wide and so
you can't have I can't have a cooler
like Richard had so I found one that did
things a little bit different it's still
a heat sink not some funky colors in the
fin it's still a heat sink cooler but
the fan is on the other side we're gonna
happen and that's great if you might
want to put your motherboard in I don't
know how that's gonna fit on the board
you might want to you might not have
room to put all the screws in I'm not
sure how that's of what you're gonna
have to screw them on the motherboard
into the case it's something yeah yeah
yeah yeah is that gonna cover screw
holes something is gigantis thing yeah
would might i because it's very it looks
like it's gonna be very close to the
board right it's also very very large
mostly because rich-rich got me really
freaked out about overheating and so I
got one with the tiny case it's worried
it
to worry you got me freaked out you got
more freaked out I hope your video card
and everything's gonna fit in there with
it yes maybe
according to PC part picker everything
fits okay is all I'm saying
okay that's all I'm saying and if it
doesn't then you guys get to watch me
fail and so it's a win-win right that's
a win-win situation check should over
Clark now that he has an airplane
radiator it is alright let's you know
what let's just put the motherboard in
and we'll go from there how about why
don't ya don't screw it in just put them
on the core in and then hover the fan
over it and see if you can get it
everything you need to get at the
motherboard comes with thumb screws
which is very very area or the case
comes with thumb screws for the
motherboard so that's very nice future
famous person says you just you just
read things and look at what you're
doing for a bit yeah
future famous person says rich would you
consider doing a review as Don Wilson no
because Don Wilson goes off on weird
tangents and I wouldn't be able to focus
it would be wrong if he were trying to
focus in which it wouldn't be the same
he I think Don Wilson needs to be
stream-of-consciousness absolutely yep
Judy cricket prick bastard says wow
that's it did you did you get the tips I
sent in before the stream or are my
words forever lost
I did not see another tip from Jiminy
Cricket bastard I scroll down a bit
earlier yeah I did not see any earlier
from you nay Jiminy Cricket so I think
they're lost forever Rick but we usually
do get tips that come in when we're not
streaming so I don't know what's going
on but they're definitely not showing up
here gobbledygook says Jack yeah
does your motherboard have a m2
interface if you get an m2 SSD the copy
speed is 10 times faster than a regular
SATA 3 I don't know that's a good
question I don't know is my answer how
about that okay the blue button says
dear God
make sure he takes the place
took film off the top of the processor
this is a rollercoaster ride to watch
there is no plastic film on top of the
processor I didn't really notice one I
didn't get in too close I could be wrong
first of all so it might be on there
well we'll find out
we'll find out there is no plastic film
on top of the processor all 100 series
motherboards have them says TCL p99 it
oh there you go
great that's great for me that's great
for me I'm trying to get these electric
skeleton this is rich and Jake hi I love
you guys
have some money Hey Oh Jack yeah the i/o
shield know what there should be a thing
that covers up all those ports so it
looks better in back and dust and
whatnot is the harder time getting any
is there's a thing there should be a
thing what oh oh yeah the the thing in
back here yeah yeah oh yeah we're just
remember we're doing it now make sure
things line up yeah yeah are you doing
that vertically what are you doing that
vertically what I mean why the case tone
oh my god I mean I was doing it
vertically yes
you know why rich cuz I'm a dummy
sometimes I'm a big dumb dummy well the
coaster ride is because I'm nervous okay
it's because I'm nervous I'm building a
computer which where does the internet
go where do I put the internet in

[B] yeah there's this this check right now
is just seeing if things fit there
should be something he needs to screw on
the backside of the mother pant I will
he's he is smartly like just just
getting a feel for how this is gonna go
in right and if he's gonna have room for
this to that and you're dying and I'm
dying again while Jack is dying
anonymous says West stream I tipton
mentioned King keto and the next day
plank no.2 came out with that in mind
and knowing what we've all been waiting
for when can we expect the review of
Ishtar toot thing that was that was a
bait and switch oh I guess that was a
bait and switch
I like that I get it I like that I get
it I get it it's not gonna happen though
it's tired no if you're configured away
from the ishtar review tomorrow it's not
gonna happen
you gotta wait for the other thing
tomorrow definitely 100% chance that
will come out tomorrow tomorrow even
though it's still being worked on but it
is currently being worked on it is
currently being worked on
even that is 100% legit that my problem
is that my problem I'm not dead
lay off weird on my toes or yeah I just
have the wrong screws is that my problem
there which you don't know I'm not in
there I'm not in there Jack you're in
there
oh yeah I believe these are the right
screws is that kind of thing that like
raises it up a bit they usually have
little pegs yeah that's got off thanks
maybe I don't know hold on hold on hold
on hold on hold on although we're gonna
take going then take this Orion think
this out of here
take this out of here come on oh it's
caught on some wires Oh God
Hey I am Alive you Jiminy Cricket before
oh god everything's broken okay if I
think it's fine now it's fine enough
there we go
that put that over there he's that one
old one by the way I need to adjust that
what what when it goes over a hundred we
don't see it because of the way I've got
that setup I need to read I'm at 101 you
got what I want
son of a bitch is that why it's alarming
possible because I'm this is a great
idea rich thank you
you have to put in the pegs first my
pegs
pase pase oh oh maybe you guys are right
don't I have you wouldn't know ah here's
oh yeah I got the instructions I got the
instructions right here tell this thing
that I am very much alive
now would you look at that yeah there's
a little like peg things rich he knew
that already
what see I'm alive I'm alive
everything's fine I'm alive and
everything's fine
oh I am I'm using the wrong screw that's
the Mads my problem desktop audio down
probably kill the beeps right oh yeah if
they're if like I don't know how about
that love that is for that one I just
got that off great okay I'm just using
the wrong screws that's my problem
I'm gonna come in there and take a look
what's going on not yet okay
I just wasn't following the instructions
if you want the beeping back
I can I can turn the sound on I don't
know how wild that was I thought it
might be obnoxious this appears to be
the right school it's just a blip ah yep
okay that was my I will get my shit
together like you know what I just did I
just got it together my shit is all
together now you know why cuz I found
the right screws reading the
instructions read the manual read the
manual yeah that's a manual for the case
okay that's what I was reading yeah and
here's here's that plate that everyone
was talking about that that a fancy
snapper plate here put on everything
will be fine he's gonna do fine
everybody what's the worst I can do
what's the worst that I can do is just
ruin all this yes the warhammer though
is that I could ruin all of this on
camera and and then I won't be able to
return it and I'll go no you know we
know that you messed that up you can't
blame that on the products because we
have a recording of you messing it up
okay Sean says when I took my computer
together earlier in this year my cooler
got in the way of plugging in some of my
cables and then later I had to take my
graphics card out
plug in my drives yeah I believe it the
blue button says make sure he is using
the motherboard standoffs or he'll fry
the board when he powers it put the RAM
in first but the power supply and put
the RAM in first put the power supply
and fans in first it matters for fitting
stuff put the power supply in first
that's what this thing
alright it matters for fitting stuff I
guess I've never had a small case the
power supply has never gotten in the way
of my motherboard and it shouldn't the
the the power supply goes and power
supply goes in this space which
shouldn't really interfere with the
motherboard but I could see maybe it
would be a pain kind of doing it all
like that so oh maybe oh maybe
yeah and I'm wouldn't kill you to put
the RAM in first the RAM in the
motherboard yeah sure I don't know that
it makes a big difference when you put
it in but the order you don't forget it
the cooler should go in last is what
you're saying I think this counts as a
twitch creative this councils creative
don't you think I'd say so this is this
is 100% gaming related and it's well you
know or talk show it's weak yeah we
couldn't really decide I'm sure we're
creative it's fine or creative it's
gonna be fine it's gonna be fine
so like according according to the
instructions on the case it says I
should do motherboard first oh and then
I can remove the top cover even what
there is a thing though that's gonna
raise your motherboard up it's not going
flat on the bottom of this thing the way
you got it set up what I mean it is
gonna be a little bit raised the
motherboard 1/2 inch or something it's
not flat out touching the side of the
case
look where does it go it goes on these
screws and these pegs raise it up so it
doesn't such a case okay what you mean
some race things built in there I guess
that might be if you can we know you
can't see it can see there are raised
things they're apparently raised things
built into according to the instructions
I do screw it right on to the raised
things so that that's what I'm gonna do
you know what that's what I'm gonna do
I'm just gonna see how that works
seat of our pants here everybody's seat
of our pants did I do something wrong
did I do something wrong
maybe nope shazbot nice not flying
rocket League look I changed the thing
we were playing ages ago that's that's a
done deal
let me make sure it took it's like game
I there's no real game select that he's
put in building a PC mm-hmm an update
again but it's fine I'm sure it's fine
okay all right let's screw this thing in
and see if it all fits some people
saying it still says rocket League for
me it's saying building a PC and you hit
the Update button I hit the Update
button I hit it again just now that no
maybe takes a while alright screw in it
and maybe it's freaking out because what
I put in isn't an officially sanctioned
game oh I guess should be fine we've
done that before I think you have to
select not playing aah I'll try that
I'll try not playing
just like not playing that's weird you
guys this is by the way this is an elbow
extreme this is that's well that's the
real game here everybody welcome to
elbow we got my toes to make sure that
beeping doesn't go up again hey I got
one screwin rich I got one screwin whoa
yay that's one more than I've had in the
last hour so I still hope you can fit
anything in there with that cooler it's
gonna be fine yes it's gonna be fine or
it's not gonna work and if it's fine
it's gonna be fine if an it doesn't work
then I fail live on camera and
everyone's happy either way rich
everyone is happy
screw number two boom oh yeah we're
rolling now we are rocking and/or
rolling we haven't been streaming for
that long move on the been streaming for
like a half-hour the X 1:35 says I only
been subbed for a few months so not the
biggest loss but the fact that I need to
cancel Plus resub because my bank gave
me a new card makes me pretty fucking
mad you can't just update that good
going twitch quality service oh yeah
sorry I'm sorry
yeah that's not that's way out of our
control
it's it does seem weird that you can't
just like update your information that's
that's kind of like basic right I think
that happen anonymous says is PC
replacing rock rocket league is building
a PC replacing rocket League yep I
fucked that up wasn't funny anyway isn't
a fucking replace it again
hey guys like in that elbow you're
liking that you guys see all my freckles
I've been out in the Sun this summer you
know what I get I get this muscles this
is a great elbow street you guys like
that you guys like that elbow great glad
glad to be of service
okay there we go now tighten it up
tighten it up don't want to go too tight
stick which at which operating system
are you gonna go with Windows 10 Windows
10 I was thinking about doing seven cuz
I like I had seven on my virtual
machines you're on my dual boot with my
on my max and Widow seven works great
but they're no longer updating Windows 7
a lot so like if you're worried about
viruses and see if your security focused
worried Windows 10 is the way to go and
son of a bitch I am Alive maybe you know
what I might have a circulation problem
but I am Oh Windows 10 is gonna be fine
Oh mostly because I am only going to use
this for games I am NOT going to use the
web browser I am NOT gonna use email I
will turn this on and play games on it
and that is it so here's how the
motherboard looks in here and you'll
you'll get whatever Xbox one Xbox one
exclusive here's the back now with fancy
I think I did something I'm pretty sure
I did something wrong with this back
case cuz that does not look right let me
see it I mean I'm just you know like
it's not like flush or anything yeah
that's fine it's fine
okay says it's fine it's just not can
you plug all the things in yeah but it's
not then it's fine that's right up to it
then it's fine here's the backside with
the motherboard okay so hey we got one
thing in so now theoretically this thing
should go it's just ridiculous you
didn't you did not miss what video card
check out yeah oh yeah we have now there
should be some kind of plate that goes
on the back side of that motherboard
yeah yeah they came with the hardware so
but this should fit everything well can
you still get your video card in with it
video card goes in underneath here yeah
so this is where where's your where's
your power supply going in relation over
clothes over here alright boy goes in
over here harddrive goes in down here
obviously harddrive super small so oh do
you have a separate thing that the power
supply plug goes into that also fits it
that's that's bizarre here I'll show you
that is so bizarre is yeah so like the
plug in the back here you know the power
plug goes to this cable here right and
then this cable swoops all the way
around and plugs into the power supply
up here that is so weird
well I think it's something that they
had to do just for Organ Amish just hack
it a tiny yes so but it's looking like
things are gonna fit this is exciting
this is super exciting oh okay so after
motherboard those three linear screw
slots are for the M to drive slot but
what is that I'm reading a thing you
mean these down here linear screw slots
get right up on this subject
shoulda dinner Jiminy Cricket bad sense
I love that that's that isn't Jiminy
Cricket prick bastard is my favorite
cuss
from now on and forever something on the
back of the motherboard I think three
things in the back of the motherboard
that's gonna I don't know I don't know
what's going on in the back I don't
think I don't think I had one of these
in my motherboard three linear screws I
don't know I don't know there are so
there are screws like you know there's
holes right here
you know I'm covering this up with my
finger right now there's holes right
here that's the for the mounting that's
for mounting the thing yeah but oh they
could see the light through it
everything's fine rich everything's
gonna be fine I need a bigger
screwdriver Jiminy Cricket prick bastard
says Jiminy Cricket brick I wrote a
program that can write text like a
person if you have an Nvidia card you
could run it yourself would you be
interested I can give you a sample of
what it can do this does not come off I
just I just I tried to unscrew a thing
and I stripped my screws Lee Anne we
look what do you mean by right text like
a person I mean is it like an AI kind of
thing like that interacts with people in
some fashion or you mean is something
that looks like handwriting I'm kind of
confused as to exactly what you mean by
write text like a person I'm with you
being equally confused I need think like
I don't know I know rich what I need we
need a slightly bigger screwdriver you
have very tiny screwdrivers yeah cuz
usually these things are tiny I need to
take off a bigger screw can you can you
see you please go get me a slightly
bigger
then which Evans is my helper he's gonna
help me do you have you have a lot of
these things but no like bits form give
it somewhere
gotta just be missing but those aren't
for bids those are fur like excellent oh
okay
Minnie
yeah it's Minnie oh I needed a mini ATX
motherboard because of the case and I
wanted the case you know cuz I wanted to
look nice and because of the way my
office is set up
he shouldn't be that big of an issue one
I'm not gonna overclock and two I have
this you know monster of a heatsink here
which should really help but we'll see
well see rich is a lovely assistant I
agree rich is a lovely lovely assistant
you should probably seat the RAM before
the cooler yeah yeah I'll put the RAM in
and I'll put the power up I'll put the
power supply and I need to take off the
the top of this case you call that a
heatsink well it is you know that's what
it's called so I today I'm sure
saw the RAM before the cooler bro yes
rowdy Rao sir I will not installing the
cool yeah we're selling the power supply
next my heart rate does relax when I'm
talking about rich knowing that rich is
here he won't be a thing even if you use
the stock cooler but now you have a
goddamn tractor-trailer cooler it's
gonna be fun is there there is a back
brace for the cooler the cooler comes
the cooler comes with all this Hardware
here just for mounting it and and making
sure that it's braced properly so we
should be good
should should be good I I'm going to put
the RAM in before if it makes you guys
more comfortable I will just put the RAM
in now that makes you guys more
comfortable everywhere everyone is very
concerned that I'm gonna put the heat
sink in before the RAM and I was going
might be a bit panda has to get at the
RAM slots below sure but we were gonna
put the power supply in and so I was
like I will put the RAM in if that makes
everyone more comfortable didn't I
assure you that when I come on is it
that cooler was so very did you I might
have I think I remember having some
petty issue I got the fury HyperX that's
it um I couldn't I couldn't really tell
like if there was a huge like you know I
don't know I'm gonna say this cuz I
don't know any better but I think RAM
might be Ram and so once again all I did
was try to find the one with with good
reviews Oh get in there you Jiminy
Cricket prick get in there
Anonymous is Jack I'm Jack I fixed no
man's sky for you oh great just mix it
with dusters derelict solar systems are
fine then procedural spaceships and
planet bases are fine but the world is
unjust and this will never exist
you know did you did you hear about
everybody's getting a refund wait wait
what the steam steam has announced that
they are removing all limitations to
refunds for no man's sky you know you
usually if you buy a game through Steam
you get like an hour of play time and
then after you know you then you cannot
refund it but Steam said no matter how
many hours you can refund it that's very
interesting isn't it
isn't it just though I get you know I
played it on the ps4 and you bought it
through GOG right someone must have made
a really good case for fraud but why
else would they do that
that's very very possible interesting
GOG - GOG - oh there you go which is
where I got the no man's sky that RAM in
there the RAM is in now everybody we
don't have to worry about the RAM
anymore it is in it is locked in it is
everything's great everything's great
Ram good
it's great as good Ram is in there Ram
is in there could I get a good picture
we're gonna close up I gotta give you my
close-up already I see like there's
there and the HyperX there's not enough
colors your PC it all just looks the
same it all looks like black shit Jack
there it is there's a classic shit
there's a good picture of the RAM in
there where's the fancy blue Ram Jack
it's great Jack it's great it's gonna be
fine it's gonna be one heck of a sexy PC
your noble kinsman sense loving they say
nothing that say don't read this okay
I'm now taking off the top of my case
here this screwdriver works much much
better I can only assume like I know
they're still on Steam no man's sky is
still using like III trailer footage on
their steam page and so perhaps someone
at steam okay no idea what's going on
just send us send us an email or
something Mac Mac nonnamous says is Jack
replacing his new motherboard thank you
because if you keep touching the
motherboard like that you will have to
make sure to only touch the edges
without connectors okay I will
I will make sure promise aim screw but
you put your picture screws in order as
you take them off that's what they
always say like right now we're at the -
we're at the border of two warring
factions I could get involved like a pic
sides take that off
boom see if I really have a cooling
problem I'll just open it up like this
right and then all the air flows in
there get a big box fan put it in a
cooler okay so what do you want me to
put it now
now if I were putting in an optical
drive and put that and it might want to
or my hard drive where does it weight my
hard drive goes up in the day wait what
Matan whoo
the blue button says you just read you
just read yeah I've written a malevolent
AI which I'm pretty sure committed which
I pretty sure I can manipulate into
doing my bidding if you have an AMD
video card I can send it to you if you
want
all right where that all fucked up as I
can't read right mmm some bad reading
should I do that again it's better and
cleaner I don't I don't the jobs already
lost it's been joked if it's been joked
then don't fuckin I just have to
apologize for being a fuckup yeah I
don't really understand what's happening
so there was a joke apparently there was
a joke look at this tiny tiny solid
state hard drive it's adorable
anonymous azar jokes about things being
replaced replacing other non stale names
such as it's so dense
yep alright Jiminy Cricket prick bastard
says let's technically a LS TM RNN in
Karras with Cu da backend you trained it
on a simple text and it learns to
generate new texts like the input I have
a version trained to generate fake Bible
clothes Oh send it to us we'll take a
look at it Oh what makes things it sound
like people wouldn't stuff oh yeah it's
not that bad being held they make jokes
I need jokes me food oh I've used all
the jokes okay here's my power supply
he's the Silverstone
stridor gold s-series fuck this thing is
heavy you know what I'm not I'm just
super unhappy jet still cannot melt our
LM Eames boom my work area right now Dan
use famous speed will said that vein
they need proper credit said red Viking
her red bike qinger supposed to give me
the proper credit
uh yeah anonymous says Jack I'm Jack the
cooler you bought is a big waste of
money and effort oh it's going to be
harder to install everything else in
that case and the benefits will be
approaching zero oh great
a minor reduction in noise oh well you
know what I'll take a minor reduction in
noise that's fine
don't thank that say sure is your your
motherboard is now mounted my
motherboard is mounted what's wrong
so now I oh fuck now I got a power
supply to deal with look at all those
cables that's fun that's oh oh my oh my
stars and garters look at this thing oh
my beauty oh my god i lordy this is fun
you think this is fun building a PC yeah
just in general understanding how
technology will lose your heart rate
monitor would stop wailing on it like
super flipping out it's it's you know
the other problem is I'm uh I'm like
moving my toe this could be an issue
monkey bead 5 says hi her lack in charge
ah have either of you seen the AMC show
halt and catch fire set in 1983 a
dramatization about the PC boom it's not
amazing like Mad Men but I think it's
neat they build a PC - ah I had it
backwards oh that's super easy you screw
that in

[C] is close to that yes okay they I believe
they're all press but thank you for
double-checking because actually this
one was loose and I was like oh that's
weird that it's loose and it wasn't on
the right one so also are there pins for
USB ports this is here's the USB okay
that was actually nice and easy that was
just an easy plug first couple of cases
I built the head USB those were all like
like the power ones or a separate little
pins that sucks so yeah those are the
front USB cables the back ones obviously
are soldered into the motherboard so
that won't be a big deal great so so
like like I said I've never had like a
TSA like DSA has never detained me they
have what I used to travel with my
Indian friend they would detain him
quite often but we took a couple trips
together
Veon me and my old friend of didya and
and every time I went to the airport
with him he got randomly selected for a
screening every single time I'm not
exaggerating but I've never been
detained I've had a good pat-down a
bunch and they do not like it when you
ask for the when you ask for the opt-out
pat down because that's time out of
their day yeah yeah do the whole thing I
gave you this feel I'm gonna I'm gonna
raise my hand up now like fun to do what
you gotta do right but I don't want them
to take a picture of my body in that
scanning machine so I so far I have not
had a picture of my body in the scanning
machine
so if you're looking for a picture of
Jack from the scanning machine not gonna
find it not gonna find it not gonna find
out I'm gonna find it old handsaw says
you guys seen the trailer for animated
Batman return to the Cape Crusaders
starring Adam West Burt Ward and Julie
Newmar I have looks wonderful II can't
be I have not seen it but Karen would
love it it does look wonderfully campy
it also looks like the exact same really
shitty animation style from The Killing
Joke their goal with something look like
that and that's something that looks
like the opening credits no no it's not
no I'm sorry not animation style um that
style sorry I spoke incorrectly it's not
the same visual style but it looks like
it is 12 frames a second through the
style they're going through for though
like they can't be old Batman that might
work that might not be that distress
it's just an animation thing and it
looks awful but but you know what it
seemed like it was fun they made a
jaywalking joke no shit they all are
fucking old now man they're old people
welcome to life welcome to life where if
you're lucky you get to be old that's
how it works that's exactly how it works
if you're lucky you get to be old okay
so that goes there and then this goes
there great the blue boy says also uh
that's not correct the blue blazes also
I would like to thank the blue button
for nearly giving me a heart attack
every time they tipped and having me
think someone got into my twitch and
PayPal accounts I can understand that
the blue button the blue blaze and the
blue button oh very similar that Jesus
Christmas says he's my graphics card
gonna fit in here with all these cables
if you're going to play Deus Ex make
sure to install GM DX and also we find
the controls to a my
scheme don't install don't install
revision GM DX is vanilla plus revision
tries to be a pseudo remake here's my
question is human revolution is that a
remake of the original deus ex or is it
kind of a sequel what's what's the deal
remake or sequel human evolution yeah
the one that came out a few years ago no
I thought that was the new one what was
I thinking about mankind something is
new one I don't know see that's how much
I know
first when rich first we're gonna have
to figure out what these things are
called before we play them it's a
prequel okay that gets power do you get
power do you need power
this time it's lupus sense so instead of
having a picture taken of you that
doesn't show much at all
you'd rather opt into being molested by
a TSA agent makes sense I'll remember
that in November when I take a flight to
Florida you don't know you don't know
what they do with those pictures they
they have some TSA agents have been
caught trading those pictures yeah like
the pictures that and then yeah it
doesn't show your junk or anything right
so people are just the ones that are
really weird I don't know the specifics
but they have been caught like which is
a higher trade value probably Boutwell
probably like the really weird ones like
morbidly obese do you like this one yeah
I don't I don't want any of it I don't
like it so yeah it rather inconvenience
them like fine fine Dickon what the fuck
is this
look at that what is that even I don't
know that's parkour for what four things
right relax you'll figure it out you'll
figure it out you'll you'll probably
need that I'll probably need that though
one goes into the power supply and the
other ones go into like your hard drives
right right right which you only have
the solid state yeah then all you have
them right right it's just a lot more
than you're going to need yeah I see
that
I've noticed that great you Jiminy
Cricket pretty girl the gook says I'm
still playing stellaris and recommend
you try it sometime but did you see the
new Master of Orion came out this week
voice acting includes Mark Hamill
Michael Dorn and Robert Englund yeah I
asked the notes it's got real time
battles which yeah that's not what I
want my Master of Orion goddamn it I've
been waiting for a 4x game to have
turn-based combat probably since Master
of Orion to enemy real-time fuck off
I want to control my ships I don't want
some AI to do it while I kind of give it
some slight direction on what to do also
got starlings which starlings all right
master Lauren yeah yeah you understand
the basic premise where you kind of
expand your empire throughout the galaxy
you start at one star then you explore
the Stars next you wouldn't even set up
colonies sure okay I'm with you you can
go to any star you want as long as you
got the range to get there okay Star
Lanes means you can only go on these
preset routes through the stars so if
there's like a star right next to you
but there's not a fucking star laying
there you can't go to it okay that sucks
why do i why do you hate real-time so
much rich because I like taking my time
think about my next move
hmm I can't stand the hurry up do you
next think I'll gap neither the
twitchiness a real tight I can't stand
hmm it takes some other strategy out of
it you read the graphics card now I have
the graphic well show and explain well
you were finishing up your time I know
I'm sorry I'm pulling out the graphics
card yeah
because I think very soon it's going to
become very important that I know
exactly how shit is fitting in here so I
got I got the the gtx 170 geforce gtx
1070 not 170 I'm sure the 170 is very
not not very powerful at all but the gtx
1070 which again all of this
theoretically should fit in but as I'm
looking at it I'm just becoming less and
less sure about that
Jeff Chen if you think FTL has starlings
I don't think you quite understand what
starlings are Oh FTL has lines but the
lines go to every star that's in your
range whatever that is
right right
that would be Star Lanes is like saying
an FTL even though this this one star is
really close to you you can't go there
you can't go there unless you whine
unless you take the path around this you
to get there right yes thank you
come on outbox oh yeah what this thing I
might I have also like you know I know I
was destined a little bit and I'm back
alive now also I have this heart monitor
hooked up to my toe
yeah and I have this thing strapped to
my wrist I'm not feeling and I'm not
feeling good you know or it's just like
I have things attached to me
in theory Jack yeah you can take the
wrist thing off if you always make sure
to be touching part of the case right
right I would much no I like having it
on as a precaution but I'm just I just
want people to know that it's like it's
I also have a thing hooked up to my toe
the moment oh that's nice you know what
I like I like I like oh oh we look you
get a little oh that's nice you get a
little folder rich you get a folder mmm
that's nice I enjoy quality packaging
that is yeah I'm there's no way this is
not put thermal paste yet on this there
is no way this is he's not put his fan
on you how can you tell me that was
gonna fit in which you should probably
put on the fan next oh you know like a
lot of this like I said is just me I'm
pretty sure you should do the fan next a
lot of this is just me visualizing how
the hell everything is gonna fit in
because right now I can I there's no way
this graphics card is fitting in here
you know how are you how are you even
how are you even fitting in here
it's very very likely that it's very
very likely that I'm gonna have to
rethink this whole CPU cooler
I thought you grabbed the card is that
gonna fit that's what I'm saying I am
skeptical
according to PC part picker which tells
you if things won't fit in the case
according to them it fits and according
to the specifications on the case the
case says you can't go over you can't go
over it needs to be under 11 inches
did you processor come with a fan no it
did not come with a fan my motherboard
your processor no no they usually do it
would be much smaller if it did no it
just came in this box tiny tiny tiny
icebox the fan wouldn't be nearly as big
but I go I know I know I don't believe
it did okay we're gonna see it'll fit
check it I mean it might fit well and
like I said that's why I'm busting this
out now is I'm not gonna install it yet
I just want to see if everything will
fake fit processors don't come with
coolers anymore well that's fucked up
look at this thing that's great
okay so oh okay so that like plugs in
there do I need I take both of those
things off no room for expansion in that
fucker nope not even not even a little
bit rich oh this is insane this is
insane
rich alright this is insane
telegin says you gotta come off rich and
Jack hi I'm Jack what will you do if
Cameron Mitchell soap and sold possesses
Jack's computer apart from being a
better coast Busters reboot I'm also
that's a separate sentence art from
being a better Ghostbusters reboot
I guess Cameron Mitchell's soul does
that say the computer Oh would be a
better Ghostbusters reboot sure I would
just be awesome can we ask you questions
can we have it asked ha ha ha
yeah can we talk to it it aloud do we
have to give the computer booze do we
have to pour alcohol on the processor oh
that's nice
also what do you think of the Dan Brown
film AB debt edit what do you think of
the Dan Brown film adaptations what are
the dan brown film adaptation did the
Vinci Code oh I've never seen anything
was that okay kiddo yeah they let you
down
they like them I never read any of the
books I remember when The DaVinci Code
was becoming really popular and I never
read any of the books my wife is a much
more avid reader than I am and she
started to read it and just rolled her
eyes so hard they detached it fell off
that's how dumb it was I've seen
national treasure yeah so so so we had
no interest in seeing the the movie
because she told me the books were
terrible hyperactive slob says Deus Ex 1
second one is bad but Deus Ex what is
great but it's age might put you guys
off
no I'm familiar with it well the new and
we're talking about playing the new Deus
Ex
I don't mind the older we shit human
revolutions in revolution is a great
continuation and you don't need to play
the first one it's like a more stealthy
Mass Effect
no fitting
which if you're playing a single-player
realtime strategy that you can pause or
slow down and make your choices at your
own pace
then how is that different from a
turn-based game you set up the turn
length because it's usually
micromanagement because the game's not
really designed for that kind of play in
mind I think I've tried that with
homeworld and it just did not feel
satisfied
I'm not installing this yet I'm just
like I said I'm just seeing if this will
physically fit in turn turn-based games
do not play like real-time games do you
take a turn then the other person takes
a turn there's separate things that
happen how's that how's that working out
it's gonna fit I can't believe it it's
gonna fit this thing is actually going
to explode this thing is gonna blow up
this is fucked oh this is great
I hope that thing isn't a ventilation
problems oh I have so many sums he's got
problems he's a good day
like this look at how tight this is
gonna be he's gonna forget to turn his
computer off one night it's gonna be
glowing red Wow this computer is gonna
be glowing red gee sweet Jesus this is
insanity right here look at my mean that
just barely fits but it just barely fits
in there Thanks gotta be so heavy the
droop on that has to be amazing the
droop heavy video cards can actually
like lean down a bit
oh sure well you know I'm sure like some
of these screws that are left over are
just for propping it up okay just a
cover it's fine come on out of here
Bemis this is great it fit it fit how
are you supposed to be held up you
should probably do the fan nexor you're
gonna probably have a headache at that
fan in them right you've probably fucked
oh you know you're fuckin either well
I'm fucked it always rich always from
Sunday the name of the heart motto is
can you raise right I'm just kind of the
box oh yeah and it comes with it's a USB
heart monitor and it comes with software
to visualize made by contech pulse
oximeter CMS 50 d plus contact pulse
oximeter CMS 50 d +
Oh Jack you are fucked according to the
chat I it's very possible it's very very
possible that's where this gets fun
though that's where this turns into a
build the heart rates rising yeah I
think you're right Oh bother
mmm that cooler needs to go in after the
PSU and all of the cables including the
HDD it's gonna block everything
otherwise oh yeah this is gonna be
putting on the cooler at last that's
that's madness that's madness
here's a question you think up like this
or down like this is that there's
actually an official way it goes and you
better double-check my for father of one
of course is this a case for ants
yes he's buying are you drying a tiny
case yeah but he's buying jumbo parts
apparently
now I see everything's gonna be fine
things gonna be fine maybe actually no
it doesn't fit already see regions wait
oh no it does no all right kind of fits
it kind of fits already how about that
oh it must be like this this fits
perfectly I can't wait to see what this
looks like when everything is shoved in
there if I can't wait to see how this
fucking disaster turns out if it goes if
it goes vents side up it's gonna fit
perfectly if it go spin side down less
perfectly the airflow was gonna be
really messed up probably shit no shit
fortunately he is not overclocking oh
god no he never can it never can never
Sarah chances it's okay my card was way
fat and barely fit in mine too but it
works out plugging the power into it
might be a bitch though also that a
heart monitor is
zombie video games zombies zombies
zombie what Oh like I think they wanted
to do a dead rising no death run oh sure
sure yeah yeah how are you good I
haven't I haven't pulled off a Dead
Rising 2 run yet I got a gun I gotta get
on routing that I saw I started robbing
it uh-huh
to find your efficient way through and I
never finished day twos gonna be a bitch
there are three survivors I know death
run or a perfect run I would try to try
for the perfect you're gonna shoot no
deaf anyway no a no death run and dead
rising is easy you just stay in the safe
room for the full length of the game oh
but if you're trying to save everybody
in Dead Rising 2 I think it's day 2
there's like three or four survivors
that are playing poker and they don't go
with you unless you beat them in poker
yes that fuck them that's great and so
you would have to beat them quickly
right which I know there's there's books
you can find that increase your gambling
look there's still more luck that I'm
comfortable with that aspect of the game
and that would be that would be great
with a heart monitor oh yeah oh yeah
that's why I like that's why we're
because one of the reasons I wanted to
buy it too I figured I'd use it for
something like that so that's why we
were comfortable with the investment of
the heart monitor it's just it's just
silly look at it look at it that's
that's my toe like I can go bump bump
yeah and then so like that's my it also
just registers my toe moving button 91
I'm starting to stress because I have to
figure out how to plug in my graphics
kit so my plan is I'm gonna plug in all
the stuff I need to on my power supply
which is my hard drive my motherboard
and my graphics card okay yeah then your
hard drive in then yeah then install the
power supply okay
then install or then put in my hard
drive then put in my graphics card and
end with the heatsink I think I need to
end with the heatsink or else there's no
way to get the graphics card in okay
that's my plan I don't know if it's
gonna work but I think that's what I
need to do so I need to find the right
okay you'd find the right cables for my
graphics card which I believe is he
doesn't have an honest Toby's got it on
the the toe next to his big toe what
does that go the index time the index
toe what do you call that toe I have it
on my index toe it's it's too it's too
small to fit on my big toe yeah spooky
Dookie says Jack I'm Jack small
form-factor cases are always a tight fit
mm-hmm I would be more worried that you
can fit the fan over the RAM than the
video card the fan goes over the RAM for
sure look every other RAM in yes Oh
spooky Dookie spooky Dookie dookie
dookie so spooky what that's what they
said oh he said yes it's spooky Dookie
spooky Dookie do Kili so spooky I think
Jack is too he sees he's I can't enjoy I
can't enjoy things right now because
this is looking at things bookie Dookie
you know usually I
enjoy your name and I laugh at your name
and yeah unfortunately I really need to
you left from his name not at his name
let's let's let's be it's being this
being this let's say that writer that's
just rude Jack that's just rude
unless you are laughing at spooky Dookie
like at oh I saw your just in sure I'm
with you I'm with you I laugh because I
find your name to be funny just this guy
you know says rich I didn't offer Jack
my old gaming PC's including a mid tower
case you did but he was pretty confident
you guys didn't need it do you work
Aaron what it also did you get the
snacks Vera is right now if you said
there was recently I want to get the
mail last night but it was too late the
office part was closed and we do have a
package that was too big for a peel box
so it might be there right now unit six
or three idiot says and to think you
could just play old adventure games no
need for a fancy computer for that LOL
fuck my cock Anonymous's watching you
panicking and finishing around with all
this hardware makes me want to give you
a hug here's five dollars for buying a
small form-factor case for a first build
you crazy sod second that second that
fine
ice bone badgers is jack for the love of
Jebus crisp you do not need that CPU
cooler unless you are overclocking
return it an order of stock Intel CPU
cooler lol fuck my Negative Nancy cock
rich got me all freaked out about
cooling in that small case I was worried
about the small case and so I got I got
a I got a big ass CPU cooler because
rich got me all freaked out I definitely
this is wrong what I've done here is
wrong a pair
it is nice it's just oh my god oh my god
it's gonna yeah there's gonna be a lot
of shit there's gonna be a lot of shit
in here Brian I'm trying to figure out
how to power this thing now did you want
me to help trying to figure out which
wire you know do you need help
sure I'm trying to figure out which
cable cuz it comes with all these many
fucking cables and it looks like none of
them fit this one it's gonna have two
different ones it's gonna be so these
are what came with the graphics card but
I don't I only have three left because
one of these goes with the Santa you
know the other course this is that's
another hard drive one so that's not it
that's not it
this might be it actually it might be
these two blue ones this is so short as
the issue huh
this is this is like right but this is
free well not quite right what these
look like they might fit if you put them
together it's those that would make
sense cuz I have two of these you like
to snap into oh yeah they snap together
but why are there two of them look that
weird
where's my my yeah I had somewhere
around here ah here's my manual for for
my power supply manual manual for the
power supply how can you do that yeah oh
I see that'll make it nice and easy okay
great
if that's how we can do it then that one
goes in okay easy peasy
great great cool
great great figured it out everybody
it's like fancy Legos it's like fancy
Legos okay you go in there you go in
there you must connect the magnetron to
the Power Core
oh did I forget the magnetron I just
know when you're done you have to you
have to shove this in the Megatron's
chest and then he explodes is that how
it works I'm not emotionally prepared to
shove this into Megatron's chest I need
to let you know that
Jiminy Cricket prick bastard says yes
you're not you are not Bible guys but
have you read Ezekiel it's hysterical
I've read I've read some of the Bible
I'm a good portion of that thing
three-headed muttering three-headed
muttering three-headed mouthing three

[D] 

[E] 

[F] 

[G] 

[H]

[I]
