Episode 628
Slay the Orcs!!! (Orcs Must Die) pt. 2
September 27, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KTq9iSOcPKs
___________________________________________

oh hi everybody welcome welcome welcome
welcome rich is the new Jack that's true
orange is the new Jack orange is the new
Jack Jack mirror oh yeah black mirror or
for a second on that orphan Jack orphan
Jack orphan Jack mirror oh my god the
whole screen went no never mind oh I
just assumed because it's the prereqs
dream it seemed somethin was crashing
Jade you wanna change the lighting in
here oh my god we didn't even is it a
lighting a scheme because we're trying
to defraud people why is it a lighting
scheme what we only know one definition
of scheme we make lots of money with the
new lighting that's much better
well I for me it is I don't know about
for the cameras or whatever we're gonna
continue the playthrough I had before
you can see I was doing great I don't
know what any of that means right up
until here I had a I had a blip oh I see
where you don't get all the skulls
I had three freaking blips in a row yeah
it's still not a bad run that great I
don't know I'd wait I don't three blips
jag 400 no wait sorry three Boop's is
bad I thought there was only one blip
and they closed down a couple years ago
all right people at rip rip blip blip an
old blip
this doesn't look like orcs no this is
Orcs Must Die this is a this is a weird
game where it's a action tower defense
game it's it's amazing if you've ever
played there yeah there's a lot of them
like on phones where you have to like
place a tower and then it automatically
shoots the people that go down the path
and then that gives you points to make
another power that you could put on the
path to shoot more things that come down
the path is this a Minecraft thing it's
not oh god no you have to build stuff in
Minecraft we do have multiple cameras
just because then we can we can all be a
little closer to you although and
because I'm not in the same room as them
Jays is I refuse he's still in the city
Austin actually I'm doing something
special I was I was Austin I was gonna
go yes you didn't like the cheers
reunion for some reason no yeah I'm
playing
Karla's kid yeah she's just constantly
having kids on that show and I'm the
latest go great Michelle I am i i the
the transitive properties of a beard
displacement everyone has noticed that
rich has shaved and so I've had to grow
mine in order to keep the world balanced
for the record I regretted it instantly
instantly oh no I made him I made a
mistake this was a mistake
you bring that baby face back it's tough
yeah that's a tough transition yeah I
haven't had like a like a shaved face in
years now I don't even want to see what
I'd look like that's that's the thing I
worry about the most is if I if I do let
it grow I'm at I'm at maximum itch right
now oh yeah and I know it fades but I'm
not used to it even this is just out
like a week and a half and I hate it
already but I'm gonna push past it you
gotta power through it power through
push past but yeah once you get it and
giving it up is hard
left side of screen is clicked oh dude
we might not have justed oh can you all
tell what living everything ever lives
our lives
we're a little worse thing where's Oh
this is why captain Sorrell oh no wonder
Game Capture there it is thank you for
giving us the heads-up boom we're a
little yellow can you go into our
cameras go into our cameras and see if
they have like an auto white balance go
to configure video I thought it was just
cuz we all have the flu right that's
what it looks like
suppose your game oh yeah white balance
it is on auto but could you move that
over and just men futz with that slider
a little bit well move it over so we can
see the video there we go and you got to
take it off Auto one thing at a time
people one thing at a time okay boom
that's that's just not doing anything we
have a white balance slider it doesn't
appear to be effective change the color
balance on the lights oh I can't do that
we can do that these are my fancy I just
want to kill it works
I just want to kill it works oh yeah I
think that's better right yeah we look
like people now great when you move you
kind of turn completely blue but when
you sit back at a shot scenario and J
looks normal to great as normal as I
can't except for that might have frozen
our camera but we'll see I do get
excited about these lights because these
lights I got these LEDs specifically
because they they can go either to
tungsten or daylight they can either be
blue lights or orange lights and I know
here at the studio you guys use tungsten
you use orange lights yes but other
places or if you need fill lights and
you're shooting with natural light then
you need blue light and this does the
whole spectrum from all the way daylight
to all the way tungsten so you can get a
nice balance oh we froze our camera well
that's that's too bad it's too bad
that's too bad
because you're killing orcs yeah all
right well hey why don't we fix that
camera is do see it's angry at us our
camera is flashing oh yeah you guys are
frozen but I'm not actually is that kind
of great yeah I'm somebody that kind of
like that for the whole stream that
would be great
see if that fixes it that does not fix
it rose's did oh shit you did it great
that's how you fix things just sort of
click a whole bunch of times and stuff
happen that's gonna give up just kind of
give up and things you know most of the
time that's great
and figure out how to build my death
machine the most appropriate manner your
death machine J I have a question for
you
yes as we're watching rich build death
machines this is I've recently tweeted
about my love of Kubo and the two
strings
oh yeah the animated think that there's
not motion to stop motion animated movie
which I quite enjoyed and I got a lot of
questions that I was not qualified to
answer most I am if it's about stop
motion
it's not about stop motion I got a lot
of questions about you which you know I
am of course the best person to answer
those questions but as long as you're
here I don't know why people ask me the
questions but here I am and I sometimes
respond on Twitter now sometimes forget
to check it for like days but doesn't
sometimes I do and I'll answer maybe the
first two or three that I see and ignore
everything else but that's how I operate
them on the Twitter's well there you go
but anyway is there a reason why you and
Mike generally don't review animated
features um no I just haven't all right
it's like we don't have like a rule
against it or anything that was that I
got that question so many times after I
I was like hey Koopa what a fun movie
why doesn't Jay Mike ever do animated
features essentially I'm not there I
think I've seen that before if people
say we have like a bias against animated
movies it's like nobody has a bias
against animated movies right that's not
a thing that exists but you don't like
anime so that counts oh yeah they do
have a bias against anime in that I've
seen some and I don't don't care for it
yeah so I don't watch more yeah
that's an obvious bias I know there's
different types
well our blob so I know you ain't anime
boy it's all crap deal with it let me
give you this one anime that will change
your mind on all animes okay well no
that's a fine answer is there's no real
reason
thank you seven go animate usually
haven't the backup sensor like what do
we think we'll have stuff to talk about
right you know so we do or of course
what's like the big thing
obviously we have to do something like
Batman V Superman right right and so
here is a smaller movie and it was a
movie I don't even like I think I talked
to you about it last week and you hadn't
even heard oh yeah what I didn't I
didn't even know what it was when you
told me that you just saw it I was like
what is that for some reason I hadn't
even heard of it right and so it's a
movie that you didn't know existed and
it was a smaller movie so that's why he
didn't do a half in the bag huh and
that's fine yeah we generally try to
stick to movies that were aware or
movies we know they exist so we so we
talk about them ya know that's I think
that's really fair let's see here
renegade akira says hey guys besides
besides red letter media what's the
worst job you've ever had so not
including the worst job that you
currently have well this is the worst
job you could possibly get it right um
oka medians yeah I didn't really never
really had a job that I hated actually
that's not true my very first job I was
a busboy and that sucks yeah yeah good
like the owner the slash manager of the
restaurant was a dick he's like you
always have to look busy I was like I'm
a busboy sometimes there's no tables to
bus what do you want me to do there's
literally nothing else for me to do
right now rip the plate out of the
customers hand if you want me to boss
yeah so that job sucked that was my very
first job and I only did it for two
three months no even that
okay otherwise I've liked all my jobs
for the most part well that's good I was
I was a telemarketer oh yeah and I was a
bit of a scandi telemarketer I didn't a
all is that basically what telemarketing
is mine was I figured out very near the
end that it was a total scam oh I was
told that I was raising money for
firefighters oh my god and so I had the
little script and they said you know
this is where you tell people and we're
selling tickets to an oldies concert and
all the ticket sales go to firefighters
and I said oh that sounds like a job
like I'm doing you got your little
script and I was pretty good at it at
you know bilking people out of their
money building old ladies out of their
money I'm pretty good at it
but you know it's to help firefighters
then what I what does he say where did
where'd the money actually go it went to
a firefighters union that not all
firefighters were privy to and that
didn't actually like give any money to
like fixing the fire engines or making
their homes better just went to the
people oh it went to the it went for
union dues and and it was a little salty
yeah cuz they give you a script oh yeah
I know that's you have to can't deviate
from the script and deviate from the
script at all and if it all about that
from the office because Michael Scott
was moonlighting as a telemarketer once
and that's all things stick to the
script yep
the script works the script works in the
majority of the time and if they say
something that's not on the script mute
mute yourself and the call will end in a
little bit
does anyone listen to telemarketers
anymore when they call how does that
even work I just fuck with them I mean
it was years ago but yeah they did it
still happens yeah well now it's all
robo calls now and the robo calls are
getting smart they know when you say are
you a robot oh really and they go hahaha
no of course I'm not a robot Oh God and
then you say are you a robot again and
they go oh of course I'm not a robot are
you a robot this repeats the same thing
over and over there
really really creepy oh my god robo
calls rich worst job ever I worked at
Walgreens as a pharmacy technician for
bed mm-hmm just bunch of angry sick
people who have fucked up insurance and
they take it out on you no fuck angry
sick people I'll have no truck with them
of course I'm careful now let's see here
what yo dudes says anonymous the
Wolfpack is looking legit tonight oh
just a quick idea just a quick question
how how does Jay know what legends of
the Hidden Temple is and because it was
a show that existed in my lifetime
that's not good enough
there's nowhere near good enough they're
bringing that back right is that they're
making a movie and I don't know how you
make a movie of a game show I don't know
if they're gonna try and have like a
story about the temple I I know I ever
made a movie out of a game show before
the main movies out of board games
there's clue
there's clue and what end battleship
well battles it of course classic
battleships I hear they're remaking
Cleese oh I heard something about that
yeah yeah there's no shame well yeah we
know that I'm not you know I'm not
saying clues a an all-time classic or
clues pretty great Madeline Kahn include
is the funniest one of the funniest
performances would you like to revise
that statement to say everyone in clue
that's true yeah that's what sells that
movie some of the writing is kind of
like an yeah but everybody is like
putting in 110% oh it could have ended
this way well that's only for the home
video version yeah when it was in
theaters you didn't know what you're
gonna get you only got one ending real
and he didn't know what you're gonna get
it was a give it you I never get people
to see it multiple time of a gimmick I
didn't see in theaters either but I knew
that oh that's that I didn't learn that
too late cuz I watched it a lot as a kid
mhm and so I just knew it as the movie
with the three endings no it was it was
only one ending in the theatre and so
you didn't know which one you were
seeing oh how funny
yeah they should do more weird well I
guess you know I guess you can't really
do stuff like that anymore cuz there's
the internet yeah and so it's like oh I
just know I saw this ending what are the
other end
they'll be a message board with cam
footage of all the internet yeah Tim
Curry
inclu right he's the glue that holds
that movie together
Tim Korean anything really that holds
clue yeah together yeah that's true
that's true yes it's true he's the glue
that holds clue together element 731
says speaking of Labor Day and jobs yes
speaking of that given given I was we
were talking about jobs so maybe it's
Labor Day tomorrow connection sure if
given the chance of what job would you
like to try something phone sex where to
see what kind of people a mail phone sex
operator that's what you'd like to be no
hey there baby
ha ha ha I'm not her hey there's an
actual person saying over and over
actually wouldn't that be interesting to
like like the lady who does the Siri
voice like what did she have to do isn't
there a mini documentary about her I
have no idea the lady who did the voice
for sere were like one day it was just
her going uh her oh sure yeah there's so
many different things that she says ya
know so many different words and word
combinations that have to sound natural
now well I just want to like know what a
day of recording for her is like I don't
know what kind of job I would want to
try for a day
or want to documentary about the kind of
Daleks because like I watch
documentaries about any job that's fine
is that a job watching documentaries
because I'll have that job wouldn't you
love the job then of working for like
the ratings board no to watch weird
movies and have to like figure out what
a rating they should be actually you
know what yeah the job of when they do
like those test screenings of movies and
then they pass off the cards and they
ask people like what did you like what
didn't you didn't what didn't you like
no I want that job for a day did you
didn't what didn't what didn't didn't
you like what didn't you did like what
didn't you did like I want that job for
a day just to see how soul-crushing that
whole process is do you want to be the
person behind the glass only 67 percent
of the audience liked this scene how do
we improve that how do we get that up to
85 percent really anything over 70
anything over 70 that'll guarantee us an
extra mil on opening day guarantee that
okay it's a science making blockbusters
as a science that's been proven right
absolutely absolutely
oh thank her that when I just don't even
understand how anyone thought that was a
good idea or that that could potentially
make money
the executives never underestimate the
common idiot what you know they they
know the the frightening and and the
wonderful thing is these people who are
making blockbusters green-lighting
directing writing all these people know
no more about it than we do
sure I mean I guess they have like I'm
sure they have they have their meetings
and they have lots of charts and graphs
of course and they say this movie did so
well but if we make a Ben Hur movie it's
in the same demographic it this you know
opening weekend number blah blah blah
yeah and they're just completely wrong
because you can't predict that stuff you
just can't predict it and that isn't
that kind of humbling for for us like
there no there no above us they're just
idiots making mistakes yeah that's nice
the only difference is if they think
they know you know what actually I
wonder if they do think they know if
that's just a thing in Hollywood where
people go yeah you know what someone's
got to make a decision or maybe they
just needed a write off for the year we
need to lose a whole bunch of money
let's remake her and then I better lose
we go we can either it's the producers
scam we can either make a b-list comedy
that'll lose money or D we need to lose
a lot of money cuz I got this been her
idea
oh shit been her bit a fortune well we
accidentally made a hit it was green
light that no Rangers suitable oh my god
never that movie no no one I saw it and
I don't remember it trying to think I
don't remember a single thing from that
movie other than Johnny Depp given an
embarrassing performance mmm what was
the plot about I don't know I I
seriously don't remember yeah I know
there's a train there's something to do
with the train all right that makes
sense
III really don't remember I'm gonna
believe you I'm gonna believe you I mean
they were Cowboys
Indians so they had trains yes you got
the big action climax took place on the
train and they they they they dredged up
the original Lone Ranger theme music the
what's that called that's a piece of
music outside of the Lone Ranger I think
there's something overture right yeah
yeah yeah so they they drag that out to
remind you that you're watching a Lone
Ranger movie because otherwise you
wouldn't even know that event and that's
all on a train and I remember that but I
don't remember a single thing else about
it then that's it you're messing it all
up you're missing no Jack trigger Joyce
yeah your movie sucks does have a twitch
channel I was watching them earlier
today actually you know what
I was people we can't like that oh
you're right a podcast what do they have
a twitch channel for the year movie
sucks guys oh no I'm thinking of we hate
movies the podcast oh okay now there's a
guy who makes the reviews yeah in her
movie sucks he he had they started a
twitch channel ah and I follow him on
Twitter Adam and I was like oh you're
the pianist I stopped five give me a
five I got one five that's not bad you
guys are probably gonna ask me like what
his twitch channel name is and I don't
remember it sorry but I sure I'm sure if
you've googled that I bet you can find
it easily you can probably find it
easier than I could at it well you can
find I don't know if you realize this
you can find all sorts of stuff on the
internet but like every but there's so
much stuff it's like endless like if you
really wanted to you could use the
internet to find obscure 40 year old
movie locations that's true if you were
a crazy person you you might be able to
figure out the exact location that say
an overweight actor filmed action
years ago what what are you referencing
like any Dan Hannity oh no no no no I
didn't know what you're a reference it
was reference Oh rod I was referencing a
repo Jake I motherfucker doesn't say
occasionally I do look up movie
locations that's why I was confused
Oh else he's referencing no in
remembering that in the program that we
did yes the best over though at worst
yeah that was amazing
Michael looked up that movie location
finding that building that random that
he was like an electrical company that
was across the street or something yeah
yeah yeah that's great
that little cul-de-sac every car he
repossessed in that movie was all on
that same cul-de-sac amazing didn't even
didn't even take the camera outside of
their studio space well they took it
outside the building just not outside
their parking lot I think they just
opened the door okay
they're like a cargo door I think yeah I
know they did cuz at one point he drives
a car through it
oh I remember that they had like a fake
wall in front of it and he drives it
through but it's clearly a cargo door I
don't think you see that in the episode
who need ya right who needs locations we
have a cul-de-sac right that's all we
need that's how it works
um let's see here baby Yaga Ella says
good thing J good thing J you didn't go
yes good thing J good thing you didn't
go to Iceland and see carpenter
why would I were you planning on going
to Iceland disease you know well
originally there weren't any US dates
announced and that was it he was gonna
go overseas it's like god dammit that
sucks
mm but then he had a whole slew of us
dates and that's including the law
including Maki although I didn't go to
the Milwaukee one because he had art
about yours you gotta go figure
yeah yeah Milwaukee was like a real late
addition mm-hmm Chicago was a later
addition originally it was just Detroit
and I was like do I want to go to
Detroit you know maybe I don't know
Detroit said don't it there's been a lot
of movies though in the last few years
shot in Detroit they must have really
good incentives they they did five years
ago no this is like in the last couple
years really like I believe it follows
was shot in Detroit don't breathe that
just came out oh yeah like the number
one movie last weekend that was all shot
in Detroit Jim Jarmusch's last movie was
shouting to try all these movies in last
couple years and they're like movies
that really utilize Detroit well because
Detroit's like a shithole and there's
like giant portions of the city that are
like abandoned and like falling apart
and that's where people are filming and
it's great well and I know it like a few
years ago they were really trying to
pick up Detroit with that because they
have whole suburbs that are abandoned
and so there's a film you action movie
here blow up our suburbs we don't yeah
yeah we need the money and so there were
a lot of like studios that were thinking
of making satellite offices they're like
you know we'll rent equipment we'll just
you know I'm sure Detroit was excited
about that possibility but then like one
part of their tax incentives didn't go
through and where's the place now
Georgia everyone shoots in Joe yeah
Georgia became the next people
Jojen in Hawaii Oh Ellen Oh Oh in any
case the festival got canceled that John
Carpenter was in in Iceland Oh luckily
he went to the country I live in
such a great show and some of the
dancing John did was awesome oh my god
his little holes he danced and this is a
director a filmmaker that's like
notorious for being just a grumpy mean
bastard every recent interview with him
in the last I don't know 10 15 years
he's just like grumpy and like yeah
but he looked like he was having the
time of his life on that stage he's
doing little old man dances he looks
like he's having so much fun oh good it
was great it was a great show
good for him maybe you know what maybe
that's why so many dates were added
later as maybe he's just liking it so
much well maybe he didn't think anyone
was gonna come out that's possible
and so there's I'll just do a couple
dates and then like maybe the first
couple dates went well oh oh whoa fuck
it let's add to the trail man if he ever
does another tour I'll be there but I
didn't that's why I went to this one cuz
I assumed he won't do another tour he's
old but if he does again cuz yeah it was
like it's like watching a man reborn up
on that stage man it's such a unique
thing like because he wrote directed
scored all these movies so you have a
filmmaker and you're watching basically
just like a celebration of all of his
movies because they're projecting the
movies behind him and he's playing the
music from his movies like it's such a
unique thing it's not a lot of
filmmakers do their own music yeah yeah
Robert Rodriguez does but I couldn't how
many the music for many of his movies I
did not know that about Robert Rodriguez
yeah music no it's all kind of lame and
say me sounding but oh oh poor Robert
Rodriguez its perv sick Robert Rodriguez
Byrne when was the last time you saw a
Robert Rodriguez movie that was worth a
damn he's gonna go cry on Jessica Alba's
tits
he's well Sin City it was pretty good
that was like a over a decade ago I
liked it I liked this segment for
grindhouse at that that was five ter was
pretty fun yeah but he doesn't spike it
movies and he does when they suck he did
it all one time in Mexico and that
sucked
you know he did the Sin City sequel and
that wasn't very good
oh wait didn't he do machete he didn't
machete was okay he didn't machete kills
and that sucks so much hate and machete
was like almost a decade ago - yeah yeah
he gets to do what he wants he makes
that's I that's the thing is like he
hasn't made a movie I've liked him
forever but he's in such a unique
situation where yeah films in his garage
practically no edits all his own movies
he's got it made he's fine
oh yeah nobody has his own network that
elray Network he owns that Oh which is
supposed to be a cool cable station like
they play all sorts of random shit
they'll have like like kung fu blocks or
let's play old kung fu movies all
weekend anyway yeah lots of lots of
interesting stuff good man I don't even
know if we get it around here arriving
at cable and forever good man
way to go Robert Rodriguez if only he'd
make a good movie again ah okay as
someone who likes good movies I kind of
care sure I guess what was his book uh a
man the plan and not a crew or I rebel
without a crew rebel without a crew that
was how I started making movies we made
el Mariachi for like seven grand or
whatever it was I had a turtle and a
guitar case so I made a movie about a
guy with a guitar case and there were
seen El Mariachi I have you yeah I saw I
saw desperado first well I saw that and
then I read so much that it was
basically a remake of El Mariachi just
like uh okay I've already seen it then
that's later and I didn't care that much
for desperado like what did you see
first Evil Dead 2 or Evil Dead
yeah I suppose it's that kind of
situation I saw you've applied to photos
me as well but I didn't want to watch
the first evil dead but desperado I
didn't care enough about where I would
want to go back and watch the first year
or so it's it's more fascinating
watching El Mariachi just from a
low-budget filmmaker perspective oh sure
like he doesn't have like you know you
watch the first Evil Dead and you can
see the hints of Sam Raimi and his
weirdness yeah and his coolness but El
Mariachi is just like shoestring budget
what he can do oh sure his ambition and
how he translated that no definitely
worth a watch
yeah maybe eventually now that no one
cares about rob Rodriquez anymore
now I'll go back and watch his first
movie yeah it reminds me you mentioned
Sam Raimi I picked up the ash vs. Evil
Dead blu-ray hmm and there's commentary
tracks for all the episodes the first
ones the first ones the one the Sam
Raimi directed mmm so it's a commentary
track with Sam Raimi producer Rob
Stafford and Bruce Campbell mm-hmm just
for that episode but you know it's like
an hour long or whatever and I just had
the biggest grin of my face like these
guys haven't done a commentary together
forever and just listening to them
because they're like high school buddies
and got each other forever it's just he
read a new commentary track with all the
so great we're talking about all the all
the ideas I had for a fourth Evil Dead
movie throughout the years
someone got kind of weird fish there's
some good ones as it happened because
you know there's a the theatrical ending
the USC after all any interim you
darkness and then there's the
international original ending which is
worried he over sleeps new wake up wakes
up in the post apocalypse right and then
the was the u.s. one where he that's a
question yeah so they just one more it's
it's they're both entertaining I like
them both for different reasons but
their idea one of their ideas for fourth
Evil Dead to try and make sense of the
fact that there's two endings was to
have two different timelines so you have
ash working in the UH smart and you have
an another timeline where he's lost in
the post apocalypse like like fighting I
think they say is like fighting robots
or something like evil robots that
sounds great yeah and now I kind of want
that let's see I say if he's talking
about all these like goofy ideas he's
like that's
we knew we're we're getting really off
track so we'd write like 20 pages and
then scrap it and then come up with a
different idea oh that's great that is
great telegin says jay as a person who
has never seen the Blair Witch Project
oh yeah the the review of Blair Witch
front agreement went up recently I'm 19
years old
what do you expect my reaction to be I
don't know I don't know you do you like
slow it's that's a fair answer well with
that movie especially because it's like
do you like slow movies that are less
like like a visceral scare like an
immediate scare and you like slow
atmospheric more dread
type movies where they stick with you
long after you watch them yeah yeah
because I think Blair Witch Project is
more on that line or maybe you like
those kind of things and you'll still
think is boring lots of people do yeah
that's it's a really divisive movie well
then I like I definitely wonder watching
that outside of the marketing account I
didn't see the preview episode I assume
he talked about that oh yeah yeah but
you know that was a big deal as we
weren't quite sure whether this was real
footage or not I mean we all do but that
was part you know part of us part of the
thing was dummies thought it was real
which always bothered like cuz I heard
about the movie back when it played at
Sundance so I knew I knew it wasn't real
right here and like I was interested in
seeing it from a filmmaking perspective
because it was so unique and and then
yeah it came out I was like a big hit
and people were talking about it as if
like thinking it was real
and then people got upset because they
were scared but then they found it
wasn't real so they were mad it's like
do you honestly think a movie would be
released why like a wide release movie
in your local multiplex where people
genuinely die in it like are you that
dumb right so but that was part of the
suspension of disbelief er yeah well I
knew it wasn't real and I still thought
it works oh it does
yeah you got to pay attention though you
can't can't be on your phone you gotta
actually like sit in the dark it's not a
quiet environment and just watch the
movie and let it kind of wash all the
attention you are there explosions at
least to let me know when I should pay
attention
there's vocal explosions of expletives
okay lots and lots of swearing I like
swearing okay right yeah so I can only
assume there's lots of like boobs and
stuff there's no boobs well Mike the one
guy is shirtless at one point when
they're pointing out his weird chest
hair patterns I'll take it I'll take it
that's all I'll take loner our John says
hi everybody speaking of hating anime
I'm sorry I'm very behind on tips as
we're talking it did you know there's an
anime where characters eat food that is
so good that their clothes figuratively
rip off both men and women included that
sounds dumb like all anime great noted
anonymous has a technical question for
Jay Jay how would you transfer video
from a computer to a VHS tape I know it
sounds ridiculous but I want to try it
because I found a brand new blank
I found brand new blank VHS tapes for 25
cents each it's very easy with what we
have I don't know what kind of equipment
you're using but if you happen to have a
DVD VHS / DVD R you can burn your
footage to a DVD and you can dub it from
the DVD to the VHS if you don't have
that you can still burn a DVD and hook
the DVD player into the VHS into the VCR
and just record it that way yep or you
can directly from your timeline export
to tape if you have the right connector
that's ID
to go out over your computer well yeah
that might be harder to find at this
point though right those type of cables
what really all you need is a an AV like
all you need is an AV out and a VC are
able to have an AV in to record from
okay I never did it that way that's how
that's how I did it the one time I went
oh my god what got through I'm doing
terrible terrible rich get it together
yeah I guess I don't even know what kind
of cable that would be just some sort of
cable that comes out of a computer and
has RCA on either end
yeah we exist yeah that's how that's how
I did it
yeah I want and I want to even say oh it
was a M oh god boy back in the day it
was a firewire 400 you know like the
firewire with the flat on one side and
curvy music yeah it was a firewire 400
to RCA okay is how I believe I did it
and then in final cut because I was
using Final Cut you export to tape yeah
and it recognizes the VCR then you have
to hit record on the VCR yeah that might
be hard to do directly like that now you
could mean depending on what your system
is but but my nice thing is burnt just
burning it to a DVD and then you know
transfer the DVD to VHS you don't have
to worry about like loss of quality
because it's going to VHS probably much
easier to find a DVD are slash VHS
player yeah yeah you can still get them
any like it like I said if you don't
have them you probably have a DVD player
and you probably I'm assuming if you're
trying to do this you have some sort of
VCR mm-hmm so just sim you out of it out
of the DVD player into the VCR boom boom
boom and then just make sure in your
editing program you make it pan and span
and four by three yes yeah make it four
by three
you don't want letterbox on your VHS No
I almost did that for this Blair Witch
episode I was gonna make it look like
VHS mm-hmm I didn't end up doing it cuz
I thought it would be too distracting
for the entire thing oh just for the
discussion for our discussion I was
gonna make a look like VHS yeah and I
didn't do that but I still put like like
forest noises as the soundtrack there's
no music in the episode it's all just
like sounds of the woods and there's all
sorts of comments like the audio is
fucked up in this one it's the sound of
the woods and we're talking about the
Blair Witch Project so is doing a thing
people did that with the Eraserhead one
too
like there's a weird bassy Rumble
through the whole thing yeah doing a
thing I need to stop doing things
because apparently no J if it amuses you
then you keep doing them okay it's the
type of thing where shake it's obvious
to me what I'm doing but I guess that's
everybody yep
oh yes it's a J episode that's how you
know it's a J review episode if there's
weird soundtrack no no I don't do it
very often but if I think of something
that's appropriate I just did terrible
oh that's all right the hard-boiled
Frank says hi J Jack and rich this is my
first tip and I hope not the last one my
question J did you like neon diamond
diamond sorry
did you like neon demon I did I love
neon demon hmm I actually bought the it
came out on iTunes I bought that I don't
think it it's not available to rent yet
you can just buy it yes I will have more
to say about it in the future that's
what L saw but uh yeah it's one of my
favorite movies of the year
mmm nice I really really liked I made by
the drive guy right right great a lot of
people like that driver everybody likes
Drive yeah nobody likes only God
forgives our nyan demon apparently and
only God forgives I was iffy on when I
first saw it but it's growing on me a
bit okay well that's the next part of
question is it better than only God
forgives I think so yeah only God
forgives suffers from having no sense of
humor like now that has to be jokey or
anything but it's so dry hmm but neon
demon is actually really kind of subtly
funny so I like it a lot if you had to
if you had to put the the three rank the
three neon demon drive only God only God
forgives at the bottom okay um I think
most people would say drives at the top
because everybody likes that drive
everybody likes that drive and a neon
demon the middle I think I might like
neon demon more than drive and I'm sure
I'm in the minority there but it's super
controversial oh yeah I love the music
horrible of you rich is like I haven't
heard of any of these movies I'm waiting
for renting the and even cuz I know
I really enjoyed driving it's it's very
muchly drive in the sense that the story
is really simple but it's more about the
way the story is told sure and it's just
like handymen like visually it's like
one of the most beautifully shot movies
I've seen in a long time and I am
looking forward to it I I like it a lot
and it gets really fucked up any
Christian Christina Hendricks though cuz
you know she kind of made Drive
did she know she's barely in the end
even she's in it but not hey no she's in
it I'm sold yeah great great that's all
she's got one of the best lines in the
movie though cuz it's about modeling
it's about modeling in LA uh-huh and
she's like a like a modeling agent woman
and she's meeting with Elle Fanning
who's trying to become a model and
Christina Hendricks I don't over the
exact line she's easily so something
like I like you I would never tell you
you're fat it's true because it's true
I would never tell you you're fat never
tell you also thank you for the hours of
entertainment that says hardboiled Frank
the devil is my hair deuces thank you
for the hours of free entertainment you
hack frauds I signed up for twitch just
to subscribe thank you
PS the devil is my hairdo monkey man is
the world
thank you I don't know why anybody would
ever say that but thank you monkey man
is the world that's something she says
do you not even remember something this
goes on oh okay I guess thing the disco
song lucky man is the world the devil
limb hair do one thang that devil is my
hairband look at me okay I'm with you I
can dig it I can dig it great I think
it's just a weird obsession
he's an interesting character no Turkey
man made me and hat my little babies Oh
monkey man what is it monkey man is the
one monkey man in the Sun monkey man is
the one is that what she says I honestly
don't remember the salic it's not like I
listen to that as often as I can it's my
grandmother's saying weird largely for
Mike's amusement monkey man in the Sun
monkey man is the one plant nope it's
alright it's okay yeah it's kinda like
that you've got something to live Jesus
told me so that was a reference to
American movie or which if you've never
seen an American movie you need to watch
American movies or it's more
specifically it was a reference to the
movie being made in American movie
called
kovin not coven because Kevin sounds
like oven yeah such a good movie such a
good movie agreed agreed
where was I I'm sorry I'm losing
everything ah boy beats it makes me sad
when rich says I fucked that up I fucked
everything up it said in a way that
makes me think he says it a lot I think
someone needs to tell Mike that being a
bully hurts everyone that's true that's
not true
being a bully well he doesn't hurt
everyone just the justice people
intervene bully now just the dips that
deserve it I guess there are people
being bullied right now I don't even
know about it so it doesn't affect me in
any way I'm fine right now it doesn't
affect yeah but it might later but some
kid in Ohio getting bullied right now
how is that ever gonna affect me what
because because you're a tremendous
prick the J's yeah
see now you're bullying me listen see
now it affects me so I care and we were
only bullying you because you were mean
to the kid who was bullied so
technically he started the imaginary kid
that I just made out there that he just
made up that imaginary kid is bullied so
he's not gonna finish college okay and
so he's not gonna become the doctor that
will one day save your life yeah someone
else will oh yeah this other doctor
there's a lot of doctors yeah
all right you're right point being
bullying is harmless fun
can we get can we get a disclaimer no oh
shit we're gonna get flags for them no
no we're gonna get YouTube flagged for
them I mean bullying is not harmless fun
dude did you hear about I do not forgive
and forget any of the police when I was
a child yeah I was a kid no if I saw
them I would fucking just punched him in
the face as an adult as an adult don't
forgive this ah that's fine I was
thinking because I just said I changed I
ended a not there to make it sound like
I meant the opposite of what I really
meant yeah did you hear about Michael J
Anderson it was the little little man
from another place on Twin Peaks still a
backwards talking guy okay he he's not
on the new season of Twin Peaks that I'm
doing which is sort of weird cuz he's
such an integral part of the original
series yeah but he made some post on his
Facebook page like this rants about
David Lynch where he's like David Lynch
most definitely did not rape his own
daughter and then did not make a TV
series based on it and like all these
weird allegations what that came out of
nowhere that no one's ever said about
David like David Lynch is like like the
most pure innocent guy ever he's a
weirdo but he's like he strikes me as
like vaguely asexual yeah I mean he's
worthy what were the allegations the man
allegation no allegations is that he did
not cuz you never watched Twin Peaks but
it's about a girl that I guess as his
spoilers if you haven't watched 2020s
but she's being abused by her father
would you sort of learn throughout the
course of the show is
he's being like over the period of a
long stretch of being systematically
raped by her phone yeah right right
right um until he ends up killing her
um spoilers spoilers uh-huh but so did
Michael J Anderson is just making and
all these allegations but he's saying it
like like he means the opposite like
David Lynch and most definitely did not
rape his daughter yeah not blah blah
well he's almost saying it like he's
defending like other people are saying
he no one knows where it came from they
just came out of the blue one day he
said he posted this and people unlike
there's nothing to like support it of
course it I don't know if it's just like
like he's maybe he's gone crazy or he's
like bitter that he's not on the new
series and trying to stir up shit maybe
it's really weird it came out of nowhere
no he was old when the series was out
which one David Lynch or Michael Sanders
Michael J Anderson oh I have looks over
oh yeah the little people have shorter
lifespans no no pun intended that really
wasn't opponent I didn't mean that as a
fun until it was halfway out and so as I
was saying the metroplex offensive J I'm
about to get short with you
but yeah it's the weirdest thing he just
came out and was saying all this bizarre
stuff there was more to it to that I
can't remember something about like he
did not threaten to kill his daughter he
need something something where he was
basically accusing David Lynch of having
someone else murdered like really crazy
stuff that's very very strange yeah I
just read about the seal the day hmm so
I don't know where that came from and I
haven't heard anything about it since do
you think something like that would be
more people to be talking about it but I
think everyone just came to the same
conclusion which is this guy's crazy he
sounds crazy
yeah how strange
so that's unfortunate he's going crazy
and it's also unfortunate that he's not
on the new Twin Peaks cuz and he's one
of the best things about the original
series and absolutely so I don't know
how they're gonna work around that we
got no Bob because the guy who played
Bob is dead I don't have the little man
from another place yeah I'm here and
meet Mike and she looks like block huh
murk he was great he was great
okay gobbledygook says will you see
Kings grave is that a movie great no
okay great or play Final Fantasy 15 no
no $50 up do you know
I know fantasy where they still have
numbers they haven't done like Final
Fantasy : something retribution there
was Final Fantasy 10 to their one God or
Final Fantasy 10 it was a sequel to
Final Fantasy 10 but it's not final
fantasy xi no no cuz that would make too
much sense well they're supposedly
they're a different like story yeah so
it took place in the same timeline as 10
yeah yeah so I was 10 - fair enough
it was a it was I played a little bit of
it and do it a little bit of it the main
you usually in an RPG like this JRPG you
get different classes of heroes and you
know they can get your warrior who's big
and strong and you get your mage who can
heal people and you get your you're a
thief who's fast and maybe can steal
stuff from your enemies yeah instead of
having all these different people as
different classes you played as three
girls who could change their outfits I'm
not making this up and they're doing and
when they play dress up in different
outfits then there were different
classes and like the when they trying to
reach that lucrative tween girl
demographic they really were oh my god
and and like coordinating your outfit
had bonus effects you could like put
together a really cute outfit that would
help you in battle it was pretty awesome
well that sounds that sounds great it
was pretty awesome
what's wrong Japan they just have all
this neat technology
x2 right now exact 10 or X Final Fantasy
X Final Fantasy x-2 Final Fantasy
garbage there's a lot of it we don't
know what Kings glaive is gobbledygook I
am knowing it so I can only assume we
will not be I thought that was like will
you see what we play kind of thing yeah
you don't know what it is I have no clue
so great anonymous I hate to get
political says anonymous and don't but
when you're on an airplane in the sky
why do they ask you to secure your own
mask first so you can better help the
person next to you if you're if you're
suffocating while putting your
daughter's mask on if you don't get her
mask on right and as you're panicking
right and you have to think about the
aftermath of the situation if like let's
say you don't put your mask on and like
you get you have enough time to get your
child's mask on and you end up dying
yeah but then there's a crash now
there's a dead body like blocking your
child's path and like there's no one
there to help your child you put yours
on first so you can help them that's
totally normal doesn't take long to put
a fucking mask on no if you're panicking
and might which is why you want to get
yours on first sure because if you're
panicking you're probably not gonna get
your kids on right I can't feel what's
going on where sometimes you got to help
you before you can help anyone else you
know what that's like a life pro tip
really if you think this always look out
for yourself and nobody else we're
learning lots of lessons tonight that's
bullying is harmless fun enough and look
out for yourself and nobody else ever
that's totally not the pro tip I thought
that's all you're the same is is look
out for yourself first and then you can
look after other people okay there's
this hole and look out for other people
if it doesn't inconvenience you that's
only me that's exactly yeah we're full
of good advice start advice show this is
it and take over for dr. Phil yep
not even real doctor but they use for
that fuck it
I heard his name in that really Phil
what doctor fuck doctor fuck he changed
it cuz it's too embarrassing
dr. Terrence doesn't have the same ring
to it
dr. Francis
let's see here seven of Borgnine rich
Evans well at what if you could eat no
any alright is it offensive no it's not
offensive
if you could eat any exotic animal which
would you choose
buffalo you can't eat buffalo i know you
go to the east side and get a buffalo
burger right that's good exotic
Weissenberg okay Harry well tell you
what tell you what yeah
brontosaurus now you're talking see what
dinosaur meat tastes like yeah bring out
your inner Fred Flintstone wow you are
talking I want to say the craziest meat
I've ever eaten his oxtail I had an
oxtail stew and ox is like an incredibly
like the tail and like it came in the
bone and so it what it looked like it
looked like the the six cylinders in a
revolver okay with meat in each of the
cylinders and they like stood it in this
oh my god that's weird and you get to
like scoop the meat right out of the
cylinders for this tale they're kind of
like crab legs where it's a really
minimal amount of meat yeah
oh it's like a giant pain in the ass to
get to and it's next to nothing
well that's why it's like a stew of it
so there's a shit in there but the meat
itself was like really it was like it
was like 10 hamburgers smushed into one
it was so median gamey I loved it I
don't know why I picture ox bean really
like like stray and dry me but don't
know why it maybe it isn't but that's
what I envision that's for some reason
why they had just do it as well you know
get it all mushy get it all mushy it was
great
all right anonymous says Jay are you
looking forward to next year's season of
Fargo you and McGregor is starring this
time and as two characters also Carrie
Coon who I've never heard of but was in
gone girl I guess oh the sister she's
the best part of gone girl I had no idea
who that actress was and I was like that
she's great and gone girl okay um I mean
I'm looking forward to it in the sense
that I really loved the first two
seasons so I hope it's just as good that
second season is gonna be hard to beat I
know jack disagrees but I love that
second season so if they have the same
creative team I'm on board I haven't
been following it so I don't know much
about it but the new McGregor and to
role sounds fun and new burgers great
yeah I think like once again that for
some reason this creative team is able
to get amazing performances out of
everyone yeah like even though I didn't
like the story of season two as much I
feel like the acting was better in
season two Kirsten Dunst her character
is so great on that show she was great
that other guy who I liked I don't even
believe that he's an actor I just think
he's a real dude watch on her husband he
was team oh that guy he was on I guess
he was on Breaking Bad oh I never I
never watched Breaking Bad's but I
believe he was on that show he was a fat
daemon people call him cuz it looks like
a fat man day well he's fat because he
gained weight for the show okay I don't
he was not always let it less what I
understand what that's lessening then
miss less me I love it I mean yeah he's
great on that show everybody's great the
entire cast is great everybody's good so
there's no reason Ted Danson's is
awesome yeah yeah yeah
fucking everybody even owl man was great
oh yeah no he's always good Patrick
Wilson I like him
what else is he been uh he's in the
insidious movies he's in the conjuring
movies
he's been all sorts of stuff well then
he was in Watchmen right yeah I like him
he's really natural yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah everyone let's see here where
are we a cop no our dog says hi guys
thanks for filling my life with joy cop
no our dog cop knew our door the cop
waro dog that doesn't work no no Jeff X
says Jack do you have an xbox original I
want to send you the warriors and
Kingdom under fire both great and
underappreciated I do not
oh I've heard that Warriors game was
good yeah there was a warrior king I was
but I know where I can get one I was
just recently at a rummage sale over the
weekend I bought some nice pillows well
good and and they were selling an
original Xbox with like a big arcade
stick and the arcade stick was what you
could use it with an Xbox or a
PlayStation 2 or a Gamecube so I don't
know every once in while I entertained
the idea of getting an old console just
to have but I know if I did I'd play it
for like a week and then it would just
get covered in dust and I would never
use it again yeah and later yeah I mean
there's those but I like the you know
I'd want the experience of holding the
you know the controller and the whole
putting the cartridges yeah exactly but
that's what like I said I would do that
for about a week and then I would never
touch it again yeah oh I'm so fucked
hey it's been a while since I've had a
full playthrough this game and I don't
even recall what strategy I used to be
this one well good luck oh fuck we
believe in you fuck off side or what
what do i do what do i do I don't know
what to do we're not gonna talk Jane to
a Raspberry Pi and emulating controllers
and all that stuff it's time
he doesn't raspberry pie wide river
extremely tiny motherboard hmm you can
make relatively powerful you could take
an old NES yeah how all the guts out
oh just turned into like a quick rest
yes okay and like this computer though
it cost like 45 bucks
yeah and then you can do all sorts of
stuff with it program it it's pretty
it's pretty incredible that's kind of
neat but again you'll play with it I'll
play with it for a week and then never
again right right
Doyle eight seven one hi Jacqueline
Raquel and Jane do you think we will get
any future half in the bag episodes nope
that shows like it's old you heard it
here first as of tomorrow right it's
been replaced by review say you
replacing half in the bag anyway what do
you think will get any future half the
bag episodes that will pit a big film
versus a small film such as neon demon
vs. Suicide Squad like comparing
contrasting a big Hollywood movie versus
a smaller independent movie if something
comes up that seems appropriate I don't
know what's coming out off the top my
head though we would do that for like I
know you did that with um your mom you
do that with your mom you did that with
Captain America where you kind of looked
at the Rockets here and Captain America
oh yeah well I mean those are both big
movies though oh yeah I suppose now an
older movie in the newer movie same
director so yeah yeah someone comes up
it seems right to do it for I can't
think of anything off the top of my head
though yeah that's my answer also rich
koe that dancer in DX was great oh thank
you
you were playing deus ex yesterday she's
doing a solo walking down the street in
the game yeah and there was a street
dancer then just that's saying anything
about it I just walked past him as I was
walking past my punched him knocked him
out and went on my way didn't say a word
about it great
J have you seen everybody wants some I
have I thought it was very ok it's never
see dazed and confused
of course it's it's Richard Linklater
and it's sort of a I think that he calls
it like a spiritual sequel the days are
confused okay it's very similar where
it's just sort of group of people
hanging out and it's very laid-back yeah
but it's in the 80s instead of the 70s
the problem with it is the nice thing
about these confused is that it's got a
really like broad stroke of characters
lots of different types of characters
you follow the nerves you followed
stoners you follow the jock kids and our
kind of main guy sort of bouncing back
and forth between the jocks and the
stoners yeah it's kind of caught in the
middle he doesn't know what he wants to
do so a nice wide range of characters
and everybody wants some it's like a
frat house and it's all like baseball
players and they all have very
interchangeable personalities and
there's like no female characters in the
whole movie except for one so not nearly
as interesting or likable characters
okay but it's okay well that that visual
from Dazed and Confused of the girl like
zipping up her pants with a pair of
plain
those nice little details yeah that was
fun yeah forever burned into my brain
well that's the thing as I watched Daisy
confused a lot in high school so that
whole movies burned into my brain yeah
and everybody wants some initially
didn't seem as memorable so I'd have to
re-watch it and see if anything you know
sticks with me more but I mean it's fine
it's an okay movie but it's no Dazed and
Confused you know that's I think that's
it that's telling yeah Marda Fett Jai
any thoughts on don't breathe or any
plans for a half in the bag on it that's
the new that's a new hammer yeah it's a
- a Alvarez like I directed the Evil
Dead remake oh okay I liked that Evil
Dead remake yeah I'd like to do I like
don't breathe I will have more to say
about it in the future but overall yeah
I really liked it I liked that it was a
number one movie at the box office and I
don't wanna give anything away as far as
spoilers go but
in some directions apparently this the
trailers kind of spoil some stuff I
don't think I saw any of them so if you
haven't seen the trailers don't watch
the trailers because they apparently
spoiled some fun surprises that I didn't
know we're coming because I I didn't see
it but I mean this in a lot of ways it's
like a sleazy exploitation movie very
sleazy there was a number one movie in
the country is like it was great oh yeah
yeah I liked it oh great
it's it's expertly made which is good
because it's so well made that while
you're watching it you don't think about
how silly and nonsensical some of it is
I loved that end of the evil that remake
when it starts raining blood yeah and
she starts chainsawing demons and it's
raining blood and it kind of fits and
the rest of the movie is not that
exciting but that little there's some
good stuff in that movie I thought it
was just okay when I first saw nothing I
rewatched it on video and I thought it
was a lot stronger on second view it's
good I'd liked it a lot yeah I agree
they see cast have you ever watched a
movie that you didn't care for then
watch it again later date and fell in
love with it example for me was Dick
Tracy the first saw it and hated it
watch it again fell in love with it I've
had movies that I'd liked and grew to
like even more on rewatch I think of
something I didn't like at all anything
you did a complete 180 on nothing comes
to mind I'm sure it's happened oh sure
yeah I don't know I can't think of
anything hey you know what
fair enough fair enough hey fuckos said
TC Brady 1 3 3 I have always wondered
how Mike got a hold of riches precious
heirloom what sure what are you
referring to just like as a person you
are the president Oh dick the birthday
boy the picture the picture sent alone
oh the way the Polaroid or the baby
painting dick is it says he just says
dick the birthday boy I assume he means
the pole he rescued it he rescued it he
rescued it to my grandmother was dying
he was helping me just clean stuff out
of that house shit so many years were
the crap sure there are the old Polaroid
pictures isn't you know what I do with
these and I just wanted to be done with
that chapter of my fucking language just
just throw it out yeah yeah I was not in
a good mood mm-hmm
let's just just throw that shit out and
he didn't you can't he held on to it so
that's that's the story and it turned
out to be the smart move yeah not only
was that a great episode but it's now a
meme you you have become a meme that's
like your second meme Richard you are
people don't know anything about who we
are or what we do that know that dick
the birthday boy picture or that that a
picture of you looking sad oh yeah we
superimpose clothes over the face and
things do it that's another one that's
another one where
you you have memed it yourself outside
of red letter media multiple time the
dick the birthday boy picture is funny
because yeah that has a much wider reach
than just our audience mm-hmm and uh I
don't remember how it came up in
conversation but it's talking with my
brother once about something we were
talking up means in general sure and he
mentioned that picture I was like you
know who that is right he's like what
are you talking about it's like that's
for Jones no idea any connection to us
okay that's great that is that and that
Polaroid the original Polaroid is
currently frame we framed it here in the
studio because for a while it got lost
we shot that episode what we shot that
episode and then you know the studio we
got a junk everywhere or lost somewhere
for like a year
and then we found it again we're like we
need to frameless hang out on the wall
so we don't lose it again
I assume the picture I left a big hole
my defenses that I had no I fucking do
you existed oh fuck that shit
how do I block this off how fast can I
do it I don't
I assume the baby wow that sucked the
the baby picture is a similar story
I assume where he just rescued that mic
no I think I just had that with me oh
okay the hand-painted which I had a
little more sentimental attachment of
that than I did the Polaroid sir
I think that's fair ah I think that's
fair
when are we watching pass through it'll
Bunch sure whatever it's available it's
not available he doesn't even at home
yet no he's doing like screening since
those other movies of his we haven't
gotten around to seeing good god Oh
gasps there's the hot new ticket though
that is the hot new thing that's the
thing all those fucking paladin's all
the kids are talking about you know you
know me I I'm a purist I'm a Breen
purist and I I'm constantly insisting we
go through them chronologically like a
step backwards
well that's why we can't watch pastor
you know we got to work our way up to
pass the roof started with the first but
we have to pace ourselves with rain
let's turn that mean there are people
that want us to do all the other ones
like immediately after that episode and
they're like you can't do that so if we
make our way through the other ones
we're not gonna get to pass through for
like five years
stretch it out and spit out the Bream's
to make it last you make it last
precious but time we get to pass through
they'll have another one out he'll have
two more out now who knows
Berean stoop yeah just want to thank
rich for suggesting the toy toy retail
so toy in B tiles documentary oh I've
seen that what's it called the
documentary 20 well that's name in sales
yeah it's something simple yeah I can't
remember I can't think of it but it's
really fascinating I ran across one once
in Chicago
oh really years ago Wow I remember you
talking about this this is like an
artist's crazy man we're probably with
craze meant more than artists yeah
re-explain same thing I remember you
talking about this but we explain it
today we don't know can you explain
because I'm thinking about my next move
here um details
yeah well it's these these tile a tile
like a painted tile hmm I can't remember
everything that is said off the top of
my head but it had very specific height
so here I remember I remember they all
start with Toynbee idea resurrect dead
on planet Jupiter that's right yeah and
so it's just this little tile that would
show up randomly hmm I live on the
street on the sidewalk or yeah it's
sometimes in the street no not not
painted on embedded in the concrete so
they'd have to cut out concrete put the
tiler no I always fresh concrete on top
with the tile I'm sure I thought it was
painted on no there are tiles there was
good or something yeah it's like a tar
yeah um oh yeah they would show up and
no one ever saw anybody do it they would
just appear yeah randomly all over the
place for for four years right yeah and
so it's a documentary about those tiles
and then you'd come discover like where
they came from and how he was doing it
it's called a resurrect dead the mystery
of the Toyin beads okay okay and
apparently it's on Vimeo I think it was
on Netflix at one place I think that's
how I saw it
okay Banksy eat your heart out that's
true you're not the hot young artist
anymore you're not the hot young crazy
person anymore
look
I'll just jump away and do the stumping
get there nope
that's bats why is it have to be bats
well well I'm glad about that rekik Sawa
reconcile says thanks for the stellar
review of doom made me finally buy it
you guys are my favourite video game
reviews as well as movies now thanks for
the years of entertainment well thank
you and doom it up what a great game
doom is
well I got it I got a reef familiarize
myself with this game I'm gonna do a
fucking perfect run through this goddamn
game all skull
what are these days do it rich you can
do it I believe in you in my heart I
believe in you
Jack triggered oh yes I'm still buying
comic books and enjoying a lot of them I
know I talked about that Harbinger Jack
does not like money I do I do
no I I found a way to consolidate I do
that comiXology subscription so I get a
bunch of comic books for free now and
I've read a bunch of really great ones
because of that most recently an
offshoot of that Harbinger series called
faith about the character faith from
Harbinger been really enjoying that
she's a harbingers of so many ways like
psychic powers what stuff with his mind
and he gave powers to this girl named
faith and she's she's an overweight lady
who just always wanted to be special and
so she's kind of like the fangirl hmm
and she can't really do much she can
kind of fly but flying is approximate to
like walking and so she can't fly very
fast or very high or vacations
overweight cuz she's overweight okay and
so it's like she just has a very mild
psychic power of flight and it's kind of
a but she's like just so optimistic and
wants to be part of a team and and she's
great and so I'm reading faith right now
and a bunch of other comics Oh including
rich I finally read the Seinfeld 911
script isn't that amazing it is so pitch
perfect I want it I want it so hard you
can completely visualize the entire
thing yes it gets all the the character
stories right yeah Jerry's afraid of all
the dust so great no and they all meet
at the right points exactly where a
Seinfeld script would meet like I was
disappointed with some of the jokes but
I feel like they would have been
rewritten unsaid anyway so it's like but
all of them all the points are there
yeah and it's a perfect perfect script
if you guys haven't read and I'm a fan
of dark humors and it gets dark humor
perfect well sure that's true it's just
but it's the kind of thing that some
people don't pull off well where it's
like it's just it just comes across as
like offensive for the sake of being
offensive or something but like quality
dark humor is hard to come by and that
script is like totally perfect I mean
you can just tell that this was just
someone's writing exercise and I'll just
do this to fill my mind with something
and and he know it's and you can get it
for free there's downloaded for free
that's a Google Drive get it on a PDF it
was such a fun I was trying to explain
to Lisa what it was and she's a little
more normal than I was like some guy
wrote her a Seinfeld script and she and
she goes are they making more sign no he
just wrote it because it would be fun
and it's about how the how Seinfeld
would deal with 9/11 and just the look
on her face her bill bewilderment like
why would someone do that I don't know
but it's so great a little more normal
yeah so she's like normal a better
question is why didn't someone think to
do that sooner
Ryan because enough time has finally
passed
and it is now an appropriate time where
we can make 9/11 fanfiction there might
be there might be Seinfeld 9/11 fan
scripts out there they just aren't as
good don't get it right that's entirely
possible
do you need to have watched Seinfeld
before reading the script yes yes yeah
you will not understand the total time
for work here and not overly familiar
with science really just if you can
watch just a couple episodes just to
kind of understand how what the
characters are and how they paced the
show then yeah you'll kind of get it but
you really have to be a big fan of the
show or or have watched the show a lot I
think to really appreciate yeah just how
perfect it is hmm and that's the real
thing and I mean so many people were a
huge fan of time ever I mean first of
all everyone's at you just a fan of
Seinfeld no no I remember there were
some people when it originally was
airing but that weren't into it really
yeah I think it's the best sitcom of all
time personally um I think there's an
argument for that I wouldn't disagree
with you just cuz I can't think of a
better example I mean there's the ones
that are probably more beloved like
cheers which is a great show - sure for
me personally like my sense of humor and
just how especially at the time like how
different it was mm-hm and how weird it
got cuz it started a little more normal
a little more subdued and there's the
cirrie as the seasons went along you
know it got weird
you got the Bubble Boy there's all sorts
of odd shit on that show it was great
let's see here those things suck at
taking out the hell bats oh there it is
so get rid of them then get rid of them
Oh Thank You Fran cam Fran km 1 1 4 has
a link to the Google Drive doc where you
can go download the Seinfeld 911 script
worth a read read it um
hyperactive slob I know Ishtar is a
great idea but what are your guys's
opinions on Zardoz Oh God Zardoz as
everyone knows it for that one image of
Sean Connery in a diaper that's a rough
movie I've never seen Zardoz J it's uh I
haven't seen it in a very long time it
played it I'd seen it like maybe 12 14
years ago I watched it and and it was
like incomprehensible it's it's like
clearly it's like it's John Boorman who
directed deliverance oh and I'm starting
to think deliverance was like his one
good movie because he also directed
Exorcist 2 which is incomprehensible
nonsense and then he directed
Zardoz which is incomprehensible
nonsense so I think he only had one good
movie in him all right what else did he
direct he Drive had a couple other
things but those are like the two I
always think of but he's clearly going
for some sort of social commentary with
Zardoz but the movies is so baffling and
Sean Connery's in a diaper and and a
ponytail right yeah he's like I think
it's like a long braided ponytail who's
got something going on there's a giant
concrete floating head then vomits up
guns in the first five minutes no I kind
of guns are good the penis is bad or
something like that it's like an
anti-sex world in the future it's it's
weird it's worth watching just for help
fucking weird it is you're kind of
selling MIT I remember well it's it's
also kind of boring it's very slow I
remember I played at be fast one year
and it was like a late late showing it
was like a like started at like 2:00 in
the morning or something
and I was like I'm gonna make it through
all of Zardoz at that point I haven't
seen it I don't know six seven years huh
and like everybody around me gave up on
it that was like the point we're like
we're gonna go take naps and I was like
all right if our worries dropping out
then they determined to make it bizarre
I'm going to be the one and I did and I
was all proud of myself then people
started waking up after the movie and I
was explaining like I did it I made it
all the way these are DAWs and I thought
about what I had done like this is no
big a brag about
I made it theirs are DAWs and you
started reevaluating your life choices
yeah yeah that's fair that's fair
gobbledygook says when Blair which came
out on VHS my wife at the time hadn't
heard of it and believed it was real
still by the time we reach VHS she had a
full-on panic attack at the end ever
witness anyone freak out or break down
from a movie I could see that like if
you really believed it was real and then
I got to that ending yeah I mean that
endings effective even if he know his
not real hmm no I've never seen anyone
freak out yeah not to that extent I
would have been curious to be alive when
the Exorcist first came out cuz there's
talk of people like fainting and
theaters really bad movie caused such a
fuss that's exciting
have you seen the commercials for The
Exorcist TV show coming to Fox I didn't
know siren Geena Davis is the mom it was
a good idea I've ever had one yeah how
do you make a TV show on dad every week
a new X's that's yeah I don't know if
it's gonna be like every season they
find a new person that they have to do
an exorcism on I don't even know it's
Fox it's gonna be every episode yeah
they're gonna they're gonna work their
hardest to make exorcisms Lane
it'll last a season if that it looks
really lame you know and I watched
though that I was really surprised by it
was getting late at night and it's like
it was still kind of awake so I want to
put something on but I don't want to put
on a movie I didn't want to stay up that
way mm-hmm
so I was just scrolling through Netflix
and the MTV scream series okay which is
the thing that is this so it's like yeah
it's like 40 minutes I'm gonna watch the
first episode just something to watch as
my eyes glaze over yeah and I actually
liked it going to bed I don't even know
who I am anymore
but it's it's it's only related to the
movies and the fact that it's kind of
like got a similar spirit to it but it's
not like there's no connection as far as
the characters of the story or anything
goes sure but it's like a like a TV
series slasher show and I guess I've
only watched the first episode but I
guess over the course of the series it's
like I don't know maybe one personal
diaper episode or something okay
but the first episode like I liked the
characters that had some clever stuff
the slasher elements kind of worked I
was really shocked all right
I'm not the target audience for it's an
MTV show a bit like teenagers but I
thought the characters were pretty well
developed but it works for him yeah I
was surprised I was actually intrigued
enough for I might watch some more I was
trained it was very weird and he's also
sad because it at the beginning it says
like executive producer Wes Craven cuz
he was still alive when the show started
and then I just got really sad oh yeah
Jay is a 15 year old girl you're right
now I guess at art that's confirmed it's
pop on some Kesha watch scream well what
was great about it was those watching it
and clearly it's aimed at you know a
younger audience and like every
character on the show is like constantly
on their phone they're constantly like
texting or tweeting each other or
whatever I know it's not Twitter as like
because they didn't want to use the
brand name Twitter so it's called like
like twit see tweet stir or something
like that
pp is stuff I wanna say was like tweet
stir some like chirp stir or something
like that that's something yeah yeah
something dumb but like I
on the I think it's presented in a way
where it's is supposed to be like this
is how kids are now but for someone like
me watching it it almost comes across as
like satirical of teenagers this is like
how it kind of works for me too it's not
Twatter I'm sure it's not I want to say
it's called like chirps turd yeah I'm
pretty sure that's what it was nice you
know what I like it you could be a movie
executive and I would kind of like
chirpy chirp for somebody Debbie how
about chirp book yeah that's that
everyone will understand that but I had
heard that a couple like actual
interesting horror filmmakers had
directed episodes and that's kind of why
I was like okay I'll give the first
episode of shot hmm
like Ty West he's a filmmaker I like he
apparently does some episodes later on
so I might continue watching good nice
it's very weird it's it's very weird
well good good good
anonymous it says huzzah balls on my
face loving it
I'd read the thing that you wrote for us
sorry Jen says obligatory tip of the day
hiya everybody also I don't know what it
is but rich looks a little younger
without his beard and Jack looks a
little younger with the beard oh yeah
you definitely look a little younger
that's the beard effect I'm not is
nothing is anything revolutionary very
used to you with a beard and seeing you
without a beard is strange not bad you
know obviously you need an adjustment
period
I don't even started I kind of I kind of
work ready yo
are you gonna try a full full-blown
beard or Van Dyke hey I use the mustache
I don't know maybe I'll try a goatee
I'll be I'll be evil rich well that's a
Van Dyke
that's a Van Dyke I'll go get the
moustache and the chin this is just a
goatee yeah oh oh van Dyke then okay
great you probably see evil Spock how's
the goatee right now they described hey
yeah oh sure I mean it's a common I feel
like Van Dyke wasn't a phrase until like
the nineties I feel like that's when
they started calling it a Van Dyke I
think it's just a common misnomer about
and like I might shave it if we film
something I don't know because it's not
any guys start growing it over again I
know just gotta just work through it I'm
just looking for excuses to shave it cuz
it's itchy
but then then you get past sighted sheep
right baby phase and then you're good
I know know a fu-manchu's just a very
long mustache yeah yeah
and then handlebar is a mustache that
goes all the way down to your jawline
yes
this is just a goatee this is a Van Dyke
how does it affect my branding well
that's the thing humberto Cabbage Patch
I am now established enough with you
guys you know we've been doing this for
a while so I I can now start to mess
with my signature look
guys you know I thought about that then
there's the the pencil mustache which
nobody in the entire world can pull off
except for John Waters and Little
Richard they're the only two currently
only one man can pull it off wait what
you're still like Little Richard still I
believe so yeah Chad what Jett we need
confirmation on this okay then yes - two
men can currently pull that off
you can't I will I'm growing it rich
shave we need to balance and he shaved a
little too early because I'm not a full
beard yet so Chuck Berry is still on
Little Richard still alive Chuck Berry
is still my mare he's not alive is he
you guys are just saying stuff now get
get out get right out of town
miss Chuck Berry's cousin Marvin still
alive
no the his hand wound got infected oh no
actually after he died that night an
ambulance was coming to rescue him but
there was this freak lightning storm and
fire in the street so the ambulance got
diverted oh my god get to him in time
butterfly effect man butterfly effect
ah that's true G shots hijack J rich
recently wants that's all that's all of
us all of us recently watched electric
Boogaloo Chuck Berry stole alive what
Chuck Berry is still alive apparently
yeah that's amazing good for him that is
amazing
electric Boogaloo doc on Netflix oh yeah
let's do the tour I'm assuming he's long
since retired she's in his 80s
apparently 89 they said nurse has to
turn him over the bread so doesn't get
bedsores come on Chuck let's do the
twist no he's like my life is a
nightmare with my IV into a knot have
you guys heard that uh who was Bill burr
has that story about John Lennon and
Yoko Ono performing with Chuck Berry
there's a bit about it here's everyone
don't listen to my retelling of the
story because it won't be as good but
it'll be crap
the basics of it bill burr the comedian
yeah I want to say it's bill burr has
this bit about John Lennon performing
with Chuck Berry Chuck Berry was John
Lennon's eye
growing up and finally he gets a chance
to perform with him live on a show but
that's when he's with Yoko not with the
Beatles and so Yoko also wants to
perform with him and it's all about like
John's loves Yoko so much he doesn't
know how awful she is so that's that's
just the basics I won't go into the
whole thing but there's a there's a bill
burr John Lennon Chuck Berry Yoko Ono
story on the internet right now that
everyone should take a little time and
listen to and yes Richard did confuse
Chuck Berry with Chubby Checker oh I did
yes oh yeah now that you say that no one
else you don't shut noises yeah in their
name yeah well no one else noticed all
right old timey rock and rollers where
was that
oh I have facts about the electric
Boogaloo doc on Netflix a half-expected
rlm to show up when they started talking
about what schlock they put out maybe
you see that doc oh yeah I own that doc
about how people went about it's about
the rise and fall of cannon films and
all the wonderful wonderful movies they
made and all the horrible decisions they
made no company's standpoint let's see
here slosh slosh from duck tales hey
Jade
how's Annie doing Oh as a twin peaks'
thing how's Annie doing that's the last
episode
how's Annie doing how's Annie maybe
we'll find out on season 3 also what do
you think of Mulholland Drive if you've
seen it no I'm not seeing all know I
love Mulholland Drive that's one of my
favorites
I'm sure that was sarcastic that's one
of your favorite sure yeah that's one of
my favorites I like that movie a lot
yeah Naomi Watts so good memory
I believe it she's good and the whole
the whole Winky scene have you probably
never seen it I mean no cuz I'm not in
general at lunchtime that that's one of
the the rougher ones as far as me
nonlinear in confusing yep
it sounds like it was really all I've
heard about it is it would really bother
probably some problems we're just fine I
think it's great though it's so eerie so
eerie toad decimals would it be fair to
compare films like Blair Witch and
Paranormal Activity to porn since if
found footage doesn't scare you or porn
doesn't turn you on they offer little
and have low production values I guess
yeah I guess but you can compare
anything to porn them
like ads in it if it's an action movie
that doesn't get you excited it's like
pawn yeah mister you know it's all of
like found-footage is all about helping
people suspend their disbelief but when
Blair Witch came out it wasn't really a
thing right well and it's the only one
that actually feels sort of authentic
mmm the problem of the more recent ones
is that they use it more as just a
general aesthetic they're not trying to
make you think this is real footage it's
just a cheap way of making a movie or
you don't have to worry about lighting
and proper camera setups and all that
stuff so they yeah yeah Blair Witch is
success well it's weird it wasn't Blair
Witch like I assumed after player wish
that there would be just an endless slew
of found footage movies yeah cuz there
it was so cheap to make it's like I
think it's still like the
highest-grossing movie of all time
compared to its budget oh okay um but it
wasn't until Paranormal Activity like
seven eight years later is after that
was a big hit then there was the endless
endless yeah I mean there might be a few
little found footage movies after Blair
Witch but it wasn't till after
Paranormal Activity that there was
endless ones for like a good decade or
so well Blair Witch was an in
I wonder if was paranormal that
paranormal was a studio project no
paranormal wasn't in d2o read it was it
was made independently and then it was
bought by I want to say DreamWorks okay
and for the longest time DreamWorks
bought it with the intention of just
remaking it making a bigger budget
version of it and then for whatever
reason they changed their mind and
decided to just release the actual movie
they're adorable door yeah I remember
there was a full campaign where it's
like they had a website set up for
paranormal activity or it was like
demand that it come to your city like
they were trying to do like almost like
a rodeo type thing yeah yeah I remember
that and then it just got huge Amade a
shitload of money and then we got
nothing but quality sequels after that
the Machine got ahold of it now yep
wait how much did this movie cost to
make fuck man we can do that even that's
how I found footage was so popular
didn't cost a lot to make yeah 95% of
them are terrible
listen Godzilla Godzilla B movies are
too good for best of the worst yes good
Godzilla is its whole is a whole genre
that some of them are silly and like
funny but I don't think we would ever do
one no probably not
I personally loved Godzilla movies but
there's different types like the early
original Godzilla is a serious movie and
then they get into the weird ones with
like little little pixie women and baby
Godzilla and all that stuff the fun
stuff got the goofy stuff maybe you mean
got Zuki yeah is that baby gets old
called Gazoo Gazoo oh that's adorable
yeah
yeah cuz elbows are great not best lures
material now they're just great when I
when I refer to Godzilla movies I talk
about Western well known yeah invest the
words we try to find things yeah
yes also true mister grape did you get
out well I know jsj you have seen shame
blacks the nice guys yes I saw it
recently and I still have my stuff and
I'm so upset with myself it's it's
entertaining it's one of the most
entertaining movies of the year I'm so
excited to see it I know everyone is
gonna watch it now that it's on video on
demand and everyone's gonna love
everybody should watch it nobody saw in
the theater you know including me so I
can't really complain much but you think
it's great and everyone should watch it
everyone should watch the nice guys it's
so small and scale it's it's ambitions
are low but that works to its advantage
it's like it's just a good old fashioned
you know buddy action comedy no I'm very
exciting the action is an overblown it's
just people shooting at each other but
you like the characters so you care it's
wonderful okay it's a wonderful movie
it's a one great one of these days one
of these days soon and I'm gonna have a
lot of free time I'll be able to watch
it please wait come on it's gonna be
fantastic you know why I'm gonna have
free time my children are going back to
school summer vacation is over it's
gonna be great I'm super excited about
that so you hate your children all the
time all the time constantly
I don't I don't hate them the the
promised moment really hate them its
momentum rich momentum is a very real
thing expect especially when you are
working in a creative field you know
you're getting that right flow you can
get you can get a day's worth of editing
done in a couple hours if you're in the
right flow yeah yeah sometimes you just
get in the groove mm-hmm now what
happens is once you start getting in
that groove and oh you get a phone call
yeah just talk something for a little
bit you got to restart that groove yeah
or in my case some little asshole wants
like a snack or something is hungry I've
fucking get yourself you know where the
food is
obviously I love my children and I'm
being sarcastic
hyperbolic here but it indicates that
I'm about to get my flow what puts me
the groove is just working like me you
just start editing and then eventually
like you find you find the right the
right pace continuing working is what
gets me in my groove and stopping
working gets me out of my group
yes my to my children our little ass
hold as all children every child is yeah
it's your job as a parent to make them
less assholes we've talked a little kids
they're too young to understand that
they're being assholes right they don't
know any better they're not
intentionally being a so while some of
them are but that's your ear duty as a
parent to try and get them to not be yes
that's it but you have one job as a
parent well to I so what you have to
technically keep them alive but I think
that's just like that goes hand in hand
is hand in hand would also like cuz like
the asshole if they were dead they there
wouldn't be an asshole well but what if
they died in an asshole way your kid
fell down the stairs don't they know how
to fault those I not a walk down stairs
what an asshole I know children are
stupid and they have no sense of
self-preservation ever since I have no
sense at all that's cuz they don't know
because they're kids they're kids right
the big thing we're working on right now
is um is volume control children do not
have a like a regulator right and so
everything they say is is shouting yeah
even when you're right next to them so
just like we just have to gently remind
them hey over here at the store and
they're not thinking about the fact that
other people around them to hear them
yep yep I mean well they're not thinking
well they're not things cuz they don't
they don't think a TV is a great
parenting device leftover beef and I'm
sure the tricky thing with that and this
is real parenting advice here is you
cannot give them too much TV or else
they get forward with it and then it is
no longer an effective parenting device
oh sure and a lot of people will just
turn that thing on all day and hope
it'll watch their kids in the afore one
day maybe even two that it work but then
on that third day they're gonna get
bored with it and then it won't work on
the fourth day or fifth day so you got
to use it sparingly that's the thing
since the nuclear option is the TV
would I rather drive a bus across
country with a bus a bunch of kids or a
bunch of drunks Oh God
the drunks might go to bed drugs could
hurt you
yeah yeah probably kids even if the
drunks didn't hurt me they would be more
of not like kids are are somewhat
controllable and drunks are not that's
true drunks get more belligerent I don't
know kids can too
well then Ava kid hits me it won't hurt
as much there you go
I assume they're not drunk kids no
that'd be the worst well no then they go
to sleep our Miller Jay podcast wise
what have you done in the aftermath of
killer POV well killer POVs back it's
just called shockwaves now oh it's
pretty much the exact same podcast he
was talking about the end so there you
go no ya know look up shockwaves
it'sit's the same same people hosting it
it's great Seibert basically the exact
same show I was so sad because it came
out of nowhere they just announced like
oh this is our last episode there's a go
it's it's still the piece of media I
looked forward to the most every week
okay and then one week they're just like
we're done but they it was weird like
cuz I disclosed sudden because they were
starting up a new podcasts hosted by a
different company ah basically but they
didn't say that they just said they're
done and then like a week and a half
later they're like we're coming back new
show is called shock waves it's the same
thing so what you're saying is them
rebranding themselves hurt you Steve
Brande Brande I suppose but they're all
back everything's fine
shock wave shock waves shock waves shock
waves there you go there you go
we did show Jay the the leg monster from
the end of inside they've seen that
question asked a bunch of times he's
sitting a pleasure to play through it oh
I've seen footage of it yeah so footage
of it online yeah well it builds up to
that though that's not
the whole game hmm start off your little
boy wandering round of the skin oh yeah
yeah I've heard about this it kinda
almost comes out of nowhere right you're
a giant flesh monster like breaking down
walls and lumbering through stuff it's
great last fifth of the game oh yeah no
II the last tenth of the game yeah tiny
little end part where you're a giant
horrible monster that that's a stream I
I wish like if I could go back in time
and get you to go through that whole
playthrough with us once you found out
we were gonna be a horrible Armand like
monsters it was a joyous joyous time
there's just like little arms and legs
sticking out of it it was a blob of
tissue with arms and legs all over it
that's sucks the boy in that's great
that eats the boy and then you're this
blob monster and then you have to like
stretch it out to reach high ledges and
it's it's grotesque and it like picks up
boxes with like arms and legs and you
walk around and wobble boxes around
that's wonderful what a great play
through that was what a great play
through anonymous says I heard you were
talking about Japan
