Episode 629
Slay the Orcs!!! (Orcs Must Die) pt. 3
September 28, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B8Yr4tz3gwg
___________________________________________

what a great play through anonymous says
I heard you were talking about Japan
sure have you sure maybe tangental yes
at some point we were have you perhaps
seen the Dead or Alive Xtreme VR demo I
have seen them that our live is a beach
volleyball game have large-chested women
heard of it did they make a movie based
on it there's a different movie that is
called Dead or Alive me I don't I've
heard of it though I've heard when you
said volleyball let me remember it they
could have maybe it was a bull movie we
if it's not it should be in of a bowl
right they you know VR is is people keep
thinking this is gonna be the next big
thing in gaming and so there's a new
dead or alive beach volleyball that has
VR support and so you get those boobs
right in your faces at the end that's
all that people are doing surprise
surprise
is it all I see online is pictures of
Asian men lying on the floor looking up
Jesus they're looking at fake women's
crotches they know you can use the
internet to look at real women right but
you can't get just the right pose like
you can in a video game VR see you can
find women in any pose you wants on the
internet and they're real do we do we
really need to go over the fact that
Japan is creepy surprise Japanese been
looking at a beach volleyball girls cry
she was the best is looking up clips of
like Japanese game shows on YouTube or
they're not subtitled and you're just
like what is this yep someone gets
slapped in the face with a piece of B
and everyone cheers yeah did he weigh in
that there's like random text all over
the screen in different directions no
it's the best that's great how do we
know if they won what's happening what's
going on let's see here
mono kart FL yes
what mono kartoffel says here's two
bucks to talk about filmmaking stuff you
goddamn hack frauds thank you for the
years of being my favorite Internet
friend simulator lol enchant my love
stick filmmaking stuff that's a giant
pain in the ass we talked about that
with these great lights that's true so
yeah there's some filmmaking stuff for
you if you are making a film and you're
white balancing you need to make sure
that all the lights you're using have
the same temperature for example if you
are like a regular light bulb that
you'll find in most houses that are non
LEDs are tungsten they kind of look
foreign G and if you use one of those
light bulbs but there's also sunlight
you're gonna get two different color
temperatures and it's gonna make your
shot look a little funny so you can get
daylight bulbs or just use sunlight and
reflectors there's filmmaking stuff
that's you've asked for a very vague
thing here I guess in general we talked
about that throughout general
discussions anyway so yeah I'm sure
it'll come up again - I'm trying to
think if there's any like new piece of
tech or anything that I'm excited about
not really they've made a couple updates
to Premiere Pro and I might be it might
be in my head but after this latest
update I feel like my render time has
been significantly decreased and I'm
really excited about that
and they're making color integration on
Premiere Pro a little more fluid which
is always nice because for some reason
every time I shoot a prereq one of us is
lit horribly and we like we spent a lot
of time like futzing with it before the
shoot and no matter what something is
fucked up
that's every shoot matter what you do no
matter how much you prepare something's
gonna be fucked up something's gonna be
fucked up I remember people couldn't
stop pointing out during the tap in the
back storyline where we were working for
the video game you guys is the video
game oh yeah when it wasn't the VCR
repair shop it was a video game repair
shop or whatever and we're both wearing
red vests and even though all the
cameras were white balance for whatever
reason the wide shot was like the best
slicked orange and then our close-ups
they looked red every other color
matches completely but for whatever
reason the vest looked like a different
color and I tried color correcting I
could not get anything to make it match
because he cut and color correct to get
the best to match red and then nothing
else matches it was just those vibrant
red vests sure it's like wow we just
have to live with this yeah of course
everybody points it out is if it's a
thing we wouldn't notice that's that's a
new thing you can do in Premiere Pro
part of they're there they have this
like big pain-in-the-ass color
correction software that no that works
in tandem with Premiere but now they're
starting to integrate it right into the
editor right color specific color
correction chair so you could like click
on that orange and just color correct
that and nothing
around it yeah which is exciting I mean
yeah I suppose but when you're just
trying to get a quick web video out to
gizzard with it oh right that's the real
thing but they just you know every every
day there's new things that make it a
little bit easier to edit and that's
nice yeah that's a nice thing
get a crash-test dummy set him in a
chair check your lighting and white
balance I do his name is rich Evan and
like an in-camera it looks fine but for
some reason you know so white white
balance with my skin it's very very
convenient very pale pale pale person no
and like we use the exact same lights
every time we use the exact same cameras
every time the lights are in the exact
same position every time one thing I
will say though fucking life those new
those new sets of yours look thank you
thank you thank you if anyone noticed in
the no man's sky review there those are
riches riches new sets that he built for
us and they look crisp beautiful crisp
and beer I'd make the best sets rich
makes the best sets you might see some
of Rich's that's one of these days all
right now my way you have our desert we
have videos on the interim just go do it
I might have been like alluding to
something dude oh like a new set that
people haven't seen yet like maybe I
don't know you know it could be that
could be it could be anything could be
anything I don't believe that's true
anonymous anonymous as I hate to break
it to you rich but you couldn't eat
dinosaur meat even if we cloned it I
don't believe what Anonymous is about to
say here the molecules in the meat are
far too large for to ingest your body
would slowly employ
it doesn't sound right that does not
sound correct anonymous I'm just going
with a gut feeling here so who knows but
I also do I don't think molecules are
different sizes I mean like molecules
you know like an iron molecule is a
different size than a copper molecule
maybe but that's still mouths molecule
still molecule in comparison to us that
I'm gonna say you're incorrect anonymous
I don't know enough about the science of
dinosaur meat to uh to make a firm
conclusion someone tweet at Neil
deGrasse Tyson or Bill Nye the Science
Guy you know or Jeffrey Combs asked
about that dinosaur meat ourselves very
important times oh you know what
something I just thought today's Bill
Nye the Science Guy have made me think
oh he's got a show coming right Bill Nye
has a new show on Netflix companies oh
hey and the build team from Mythbusters
are getting their own Netflix show kari
byron Tory Belleci and Grant Imahara are
getting their own Netflix Mythbusters
esque show okay so that's fun net that
Netflix man they're getting everybody
what they want they know they know what
people work that foot and not just one
audience not just like one demographic
mm-hmm
like they have something you know
amazing like you know stranger things
that everybody loves but then they also
have more specific things everything
from like a house of cards to the bowler
house you know I can run the gamut cuz
why not I guarantee you there are
stranger things contrarians oh there are
I've read some stuff but in general it's
it's very well lights I mean that's like
the biggest crossover hit I think
Netflix has had I believe it
I mean the head shows that are popular
and successful but I don't think
anything let's have the the reach that
stranger things has had so far well no I
mean they're also making original Adam
Sandler movie because you know his
audience will watch them and they're
they're just doing it they're giving
people exactly what they want which is
great you're right you're right phlearn
to bill and Neal are just spokes guy for
the corporate takeover of science and
academia uh they're being powered by big
science their tools their tools of big
money higher learning yeah you're right
oh I hate to brother a future famous
person I thought the best of the worst
t-shirt looks nice and I wanted to
support you all oh thank you
what best of the worst t-shirt they have
the slowest t-shirts you his best of the
work how am I supposed to remember all
this shit you guys know the best of our
stations goes like this our t-shirts
equality now they're made from quality
materials that feel nice they feel soft
oh okay that was a quality
advertisements they meant to be that
like we wouldn't we wouldn't go with the
cheapo crap no cuz no one would wear it
yeah you want something comfortable if
we're gonna sell stuff we want it to be
decent I wanted this for you so I got
one and now I get compliments about how
cool it looks this has made me decide to
get it tailored so good job no oh
gobbledygook is is clearing up the whole
Kings glaive thing if you remember as if
we're sucking Kings globe is the final
fantasy 15 prequel film that had a
limited release in theaters
I saw spirits within what was their
uncanny valley flop spiritually okay
which I want to say I saw that in the
theater I don't know why I would see it
but I think I did because of hype pay
attention any that grab take the
technological thing with the people the
characters may that might have been it I
mean when was that that was over a
decade ago easily easily over it might
have just been like just to see
something in the theater and that was
always playing I haven't seen it since I
can honestly like I remember the basic
story of that which is the earth is
dying or something and something and
they have to go to a big hole in the
earth to save it maybe or stop it I
don't know there's a stop the earth
because the earth is killing everyone
no that's the happening spoiler alert
like I don't remember hating it I just
remember being bored during experience
with him that's all I can remember about
it was that done with motion capture was
that the big deal at the time that was
like the first motion capture movie
maybe might have been are maybe what
Toyo I'm sorry if I missed your question
earlier we got a lot of them no I read
your question about neon demon versus
suicides but oh so oh everyone should
know by the way like I'm super backed up
with tips and I don't want if we're if
we get into a conversation about a tip I
don't want to break up that flow so I'm
getting to them as we stop talking about
the way to do it so if it seems like I
haven't read your tip yet it's because I
just haven't gotten to it in order I'm
getting to them we will get to all of
them
I swear and I'm also trying to look at
chat too tonight we've chat out
not leaving the chat out then no
mushroom chefs got wasted in all those
kobolds so I got mine trolled Cobos
there and their weak pathetic losers
that's terrible
I'm sorry oh and Doyle Doyle actually
left in a bit of a huff and so he might
not have made it to where I read his
death I'm so very sorry Doyle eight
seven one if you hear this later that it
did not get to your first dip in time to
read your second dip where you left in a
huff it's at the chat saying he left in
a huff know his next tip says he left it
off he gave us another two dollars to
tell us that we missed his first two
dollars so he left us two dollars to
tell you that he's upset yeah I think so
that's weird is that what they call it
cry-baby
isn't this kind of how it always works
you have a conversation then eventually
get to the next tip maybe he's new or
yeah and you know some nights we get
through tips a little bit faster than
others
hey man now it's my suite
it'll be fine it'll be fine anonymous
says greetings from Alaska again Jack
what else did you do on your long us
road trip and Jay have you ever been to
a K I can zoom that's Alaska or have
considered visiting thanks guys I always
enjoyed I haven't been I haven't really
considered I know someone that used to
live there and said it was nice I don't
know what area they lived in it's an
interesting place Alaska yeah it's it's
different if you're if you want to go
somewhere different you probably know
about Alaska is what I learned from
Northern Exposure what else do you need
to know that's about it
that's about it I'm trying to remember
the exact path of my summer long road
trip it was a fantastic road trip I took
as a teenager with my mom and little
brother Wisconsin and then we drove all
the way across to Washington spend some
time in Seattle and we flew up to Alaska
and drove around Alaska which was great
and it's weird but and and I want to say
it was during the time when it was dark
out 20 hours of the day so that was very
very off-putting and then we flew back
down drove all the way down the west
coast so we got to drive through the
giant redwoods in northern calculate
area I would like to go that's the the
you need to see these giant ridiculous
trees yeah and I plan on getting out
there one of these days would be nice so
so amazing and and for the entire road
trip we didn't stay in any hotels we
can't everywhere and so you know like
they have cheapo campsites everywhere so
every night to set up the tent camp and
it was really fantastic and then from
there we the plan was to go through LA
then go through Reno Nevada which was
awesome and Reno I stopped at this
ridiculous comic book store and picked
up a bunch of if anyone remembers the
Marvel new universe yes said of comic
books they were awful Marvel started
another line of comics that just wasn't
connected with their previous ones okay
supposed to be more realistic wasn't
that the gimmick hmm so you know like
Wolverine could run into spider-man at
any time that's a universe right okay
they started a splinter universe and it
failed like 30 issues into each comic
and tripped out their starting game well
cuz oh I think I remember this they had
but they had the other timeline running
in a different series of comics right at
the same time even got a volt of it
because these weren't the same
characters okay yeah-oh brand new
characters Brandi okay yeah okay that's
not what I'm thinking of them but the
one the stock kill is what the name of
the elves there was the the DRP I want
to say which was like a misfit group of
of heroes with strange powers
there was a bird girl who came from an
alternate dimension of bird people when
you're talking about superheroes a
misfit group of people with strange
powers is not a very useful description
right I want to say they were couple of
DRP or something I forget the bird girl
was the weirdest one because apparently
because her bones were Hollow she had
extra healing power but huh I don't know
where that but and she could fly like
that was that Jeff but the important one
is I read justice it was this awesome
character okay justice was hitching
rides outside of Philadelphia okay and
one arm was a sword and he could fry
people and one arm was a shield and
he would look like cable if you don't
know yeah he's like white hair old dude
and there's this very simple story of
him fighting a cult leader and it well
his job was to he was like the the
police officer for everyone with supers
with superpowers and he found this cult
leader who had like a slight mind
control power and it was just it was
very gritty and it was it is an awesome
comic I still have it
and a couple years ago I decided I
wanted to track down all the justice
count because I love this series all the
rest of them are garbage a single other
issue of justice is 100% garbage this is
issue like 32 or something issue 1
through 30 he's an alien on a different
planet okay then somehow he comes to
earth and is this guy yeah and then he
goes back to the alien planet later on
okay one issue of a comic where he's an
earthling
you got the one good one I got the one
good one I wasted all that obey money
and that okay so Reno then then to Vegas
then the plan was to go head back from
Vegas go to back up to Wisconsin and do
whitewater rafting on our way back up
but the trip had had a series of
missteps as every long road trip does
including big car accident in Alaska and
getting held up getting robbed at
gunpoint in Las Vegas
oh Jesus yeah yeah guy I got robbed by
two little girls at gunpoint and now
when you say little girls I was 15 at
the time and I think they were younger
than me oh my god yeah yeah well there
are two of them he's give a good show
cuz they had a gun they're little girls
they're not gonna shoot ya they're
trying to look insane intimidating it
were a good shove it worked
you were 15 no I understand no I worked
no we were in a parking lot of a grocery
store like stack getting all the
supplies to go and the next leg of the
trip and one they were there they were
sitting in front of the car one reached
into the front of the car grabbed a
purse and I was like what the fuck was
that
so I went to talk to the other one
whipped out again don't fucking move man
oh wow she talk like that too
maybe she wasn't alone as I say you sure
she's not just a little person like a 40
year old little person then I was kind
of a fun up she ran away knows like my
mom and my little brother were in the
back we had a minivan so I just kind of
had to go back and go I'm pretty sure we
just got robbed and yeah sure enough we
did and apparently they had they had hit
a bunch of people who's just wow
a decade later my mom gets a call from
the Las Vegas police department and they
found her driver's license a decade
later not joking Wow decade later they
contacted a hey we found you first
great it was clutched in the hand of a
tiny skeleton woman laying in a ditch
she appeared to be 65 years old we have
some questions about your statement so
because of the missteps of the car
accident and a couple other like little
things here and there we decided not to
go way around water rafting we decided
not to test our luck and just drove back
to Wisconsin still a fantastic road trip
that's good
I've never been on that extended of a
road trip I think the longest road trip
I've had has been like two days mmm
we used to drive to Florida every winter
mm-hmm I remember we drive there in the
winter of course because it's nice down
there so getting get away from you know
Illinois winters for a little while of
course Disney and Universal and all that
yeah yeah and every one time you're
driving down and we were still in Homer
where we were maybe like southern
Illinois but it was still really like
you know snowy and icy and like half the
country still covered in ice yeah
exactly so my my brother was driving my
dad's car my dad was in the passenger
seat mm-hmm
we're driving on the interstate and I
remember we just hit a patch of ice and
so the car was started to turn started
to spin in the middle of the interstate
I just remember my dad very calmly just
goes here we go the car just goes into a
ditch here we go oh oh yeah
he knew who's gonna have it eventually
you driving in the wind on the
interstate in the winter over and over
and over you know eventually it'll
happen by the way like how chill of your
dad though just to be so calm just about
at that point right you know the car
starts to skid out but I think like a
lesser person we've just started
freaking the fuck out and all the kids
would have started screaming no not my
dad Dori
well I guess we're spinning out of
control
so that was Alaska I did see the the
aurora borealis while I was up in Alaska
nice which is awesome big green fucking
lights in the sky and I would love to
see that great place Oh
anonymous who asked that question about
a movie Jay might hate you know what
that is anonymous that's just for you
something's gonna happen you'll figure
it out penis Jesus says new to the
stream but longtime rlm fan has there
ever been a game that you enjoyed that
was ruined for you by a patch anything
that they tried to fix in a game that
totally fucked it up well you'll why
while you're thinking the the easiest
example that comes to mind is Team
Fortress 2 which is a game that I have
close to a thousand hours in so it's
hard to say that the game is ruined
because I've enjoyed 1,000 hours of a
video game but with all of the updates
and patches and new items and new stuff
that you could do eventually the game
became not the game it was at the
beginning it was this wonderfully
balanced multiplayer shooter and the
more weapons they added and the more
maps and the more hats and the more
things you could eventually fuck around
with the game stopped being a game I
loved I wouldn't say I have one that's
been ruined pause for dramatic effect to
the thing am i throwing I think I might
throw I had oh I thought you were
setting it up I thought maybe for a
second you're dying of thirst or
something dying of hunger and then dying
of thirst in a powdered cheese that back
of my throat it was gonna drive me nuts
because I'm not a multiplayer game so
I've never had a game ruined with
patches yeah but exhale enemy Unknown
every time they had a forced fucking
patch it would ruin all of the fucking
mods
and there were patches that were forced
every now and then because I would set
it to fucking offline moans but
specifically so wouldn't fuck with all
of my mods mm-hmm didn't care they
didn't respect they didn't respect my
offline no please don't
auto-update but they did it every now
and then anyway and got it pissed me off
every fucking time and then we'd have to
reinstall all the updates for the mods
and see which one if they updated them
up was what I really like they didn't
I'm sorry Rick was ex kind of toolbox
yeah it was like a it would let you
easily install and I'm install a bunch
of different kind of like body kind of
things yeah that was taken from me
because they cuz I needed to change the
terms of service agreement for Korea
there's something
oh oh by the way overwatch has replaced
its tf2 for me as well I'm loving over
once now that I came to hate forgive to
huh you give to hate tf2 or at least
it's just yeah wasn't everyone was
coming there was a they updated a patch
you could do this thing in the game
where you could you could do a silly
little thing a taunt is what it's called
and what it's meant for is after you
kill someone when when they die the
camera zooms to the character that
killed them and if you were lucky enough
you could kind of taunt and it would be
like a little icing on your kill cake
yeah and one of the taunts they added
later on was called conga and if one
person Conrad and another person was
near them and they hit on David Condon
you could start a whole conga line Oh
funny you know hold server both teams
would get in a big conga line alright
that's fine let's get back to the game
now yeah guys stop ganging step please I
want to play the game stop hanging
didn't you just shoot the people who are
coming you can avoid so you could but
then you get yelled at and know that
points he wouldn't win the game because
your team would be clear playing the
fucking game shut up well then you'd
have to find the right server it just
became a hassle it's an old game I have
a thousand hours into it I'm perfectly
fine not playing it anymore the kill
cake right the the icing on the kill
cake
but yeah overwatch is fantastic
overwatch I hope they don't ruin it with
bad characters 50 bucks though right no
6a means bull yeah full price and
there's microtransactions and it never
thought it was kind of neat but not 60
bucks for somebody who doesn't really
like online shooters absolutely no you
know I got I got fifty hours into my
xbox one version and really enjoyed it
now that I'm learning mouse and keyboard
I paid another $60 to have it on my PC
and I'm loving it already would a mouse
and keyboard action ooh dog you're so
accurate only losers use control and
I've changed my ways I understand yeah
I've changed my ways
something that video then like 3 min a
long video was cute someone someone
found old instances where I was talking
highly about controllers and now our new
instance is where I've been teaching
myself mouse and keyboards and they they
cut together a little here's before and
here's after a back and sure I thought
it was cute so I had a bit too one of
our pre req playlists I hate this bad
this is the finale
rule of the game yes though there are
DLC missions Oh neat but meat
you know how many gates there are to
fucking defend your one one fucking
person there are eight there are eight
fucking gates dans bucket of shame yeah
Joey if I'm in a game and you see join
me and I added you all on battlenet for
friends join join me invite me to your
group apparently you get more XP if
we're in good group that's fine if I'm
playing I'll play with you I don't have
a microphone yet for my new computer so
I might not be able to talk to you but
yeah play you play with me I like
playing overwatch if I'm playing it I'll
play with you because I'll play with
anyone I just don't want to play the
game let's see here anonymous says hey
guys I work for cracked.com hey
congratulations
either one who occasionally makes the
rlm references yep
to here and we do a lot of personal
experience articles
I think our readers would love to hear
about running the stream and making
videos and movies want to be interviewed
yeah yes get a hold of us you can do so
at contact at red letter media calm or
probably if you want like a faster
response prereq you guys get a lot more
email than we do this way we get a lot
of you that's not that's not a dig
against your handling of email you just
get a lot more yeah you can contact me
at prereq at red letter media comm and
we will set something up
absolutely let's see here hard-boiled
Frank have you guys heard or seen
anything about the new Japanese Godzilla
movie it looks incredible and it beat
both American adaptations in Japan well
that's not surprising of course it did
it's it's the og Godzilla it's the real
Godzilla yeah I saw a trailer for it and
Godzilla look cool in it
the new American guzzle was not bad it
was ok for the 5 seconds that Godzilla
was in the movie I mean yeah it wasn't
okay it wasn't it certainly wasn't the
Matthew Broderick one that well that's
that's gonna get confusing cuz now
there's a new Japanese Godzilla movie
hmm
and there's also a new American Godzilla
movie coming out all right is there I
think I've only heard about the new
Japanese one I thought there was another
well they're doing it they're doing Kong
Skull Island right which is meant to be
a setup for an American Godzilla versus
King Kong movie which is why which is
why King Kong is gigantic now it's not
because that was the vision for the
movie it's so he's the appropriate size
to fight Godzilla because everything has
to be a universe now that Kong Skull
Island movie looks pretty good though
have you seen the trailer for that so it
looks like a war movie it looks like
Apocalypse Now with King Kong in it yeah
I'm okay with that
I'm excited I'm excited about King Kong
and John Goodman's in it I love that
John Goodman's popping up and stuff more
more often lately that guy didn't have
you seen 10 Cloverfield Lane no I've
heard really good things he's great in
it
he's really good overall what do you
think good movie good movie a movie yeah
good kind of takes a turn in third acts
it isn't great but everything else is
great okay I believe that I'll be damned
I believe that and be damned well yeah
so like of course the the movie made by
the home team is going to do well is
going to do better in Japan I thought
there was an American Godzilla coming
out before the right around the time of
Kong's gone but maybe I'm just thinking
of the eventual Kong vs. Godzilla movie
that
maybe and you know I didn't see the new
Godzilla movie because I kept hearing
that you see very little of Godzilla and
which would be fine if the characters
are more interesting and they're not but
part of the fun of Godzilla you I want
to see him destroy a building that's
that's what I want from a Godzilla movie
now so if I don't see that I don't give
a fuck I want to see a man in a rubber
costume smoosh a cardboard building
because that's what's fun for me right
so and I hear we're gonna get that in
the Japanese Godzilla movies so that's
what I'm excited about anonymous says
just would like to say thanks to Jay for
turning me on to Twin Peaks just watched
both series and loved it is it possible
there will be a review on the show with
series 3 on the way oh I don't know
probably not I mean that it Oh we'll see
that'd be a weird maybe there'll be a
lot to say about the third season when
it eventually airs sure sure I said that
so we don't do TV shows cuz there's too
much to go into that's why stranger
things it's like it's basically an
eight-hour movie that's much more easy
to discuss and because we discussed that
like the aesthetic of it more than
anything else are you afraid to do it
but an on yes it's cuz we're afraid
that's it yeah that's like an ongoing
show with different like storylines and
ongoing plots it's too much you're not
the talking dead yeah exactly
we're not gonna do it a video for each
episode it just goes on and mostly I'm
with you I am with you
I don't know what I'm doing here that's
fine don't know what you're doing either
so it's okay you're cooking up your your
orcs they got a dime that's what the
title says yeah but how to kill them
this could be the issue well that's all
up to you
unit 603 it says J are there any games
you like not like modern games
I love Donkey Kong Country way back when
sure and Super Mario Brothers 3 mm-hmm
that was my jam super my brothers 3 was
a great guy probably played that game
more than any other video game they
certainly know worth oh did they start
this all they forgot me south that's a
direction south and where they started
also please don't try and connect with
Neal Breen if you do we'll never see
pass through that's what that's just
what unit 6 or 3 did says okay he's very
defensive of his crap is that what
you're getting at and he won't let Neal
Breen is very defensive of his crap yes
he well he's very defensive of his real
movies right now takes of stuff very
seriously which is great from our point
of view which is why we love him yeah
tella frag says it's pronounced kovin
much love Mark Porter it is
that's what coven sounds like of examine
it sounds like oven and that's not scary
that's why it's loner our town Jack and
rich after playing know of the wrong
side yeah was it North did I guess wrong
I did yep
all right I had a brain fart it's my
fault loner arch on I'll talk just as
rich is playing alone are trying to
asked if we wish we had our time back
doesn't everybody partially it doesn't
everybody but I I'm actually really
happy with how that episode turned out I
think that was that's one of my
favorites written I had a lot of stuff
to talk about there's a lot of good
jokes and so I had to suffer through it
but hopefully my suffering through it
means that other people won't have to
and get to watch an enjoyable video
about the video game so personally know
that's looking at it very practically
though I did put a lot of time into that
dumb dumb boring game more so I just
want the harddrive space back you know I
captured a lot of video and it's a lot
of a lot it's really boring and I have I
have a thing on my video capture card
that allows me to do
flashback recording so you can set it I
haven't set for like ten minutes and so
theoretically and I don't even know
exactly how it works
I could not be recording but then if
something really cool happens I hit the
button and it just takes the last ten
minutes and starts recording
it hasn't worked for me all the time so
I don't I just record everything better
to not chance it exactly and so I have
like 30 hours of footage of no man's sky
on a hard drive you know cuz you never
know when you're gonna need it later and
yeah so I don't want my time back I want
my harddrive space back
that's what's more important to me with
no man's sky
is that one of those games that's what
that everyone thinks is horribly boring
but still has diehard like defenders
yeah you video game people you guys get
so defensive
they really do they really do enrich and
I played that game wrong a lot they let
us know that we played it wrong
and I thought we had some really good
arguments and I know I've and well and
the up and apparently we didn't go far
enough on the hate for the people that
hated to oh I see and so you know like
there are people who loved it and we
played it wrong and then there were
people are hated and we were two lights
on the crook of the maker of it because
a lot of people think that he he was
falsely so there's a very good argument
to be made to that and there there is an
argument to be made about that my
counterpoint was I'm not sure that he
I'm not sure that he was a snake oil
salesman I just think that he wanted
stuff to be in the game that ended up
that beginning so whether or not going
on like a bad shit like a week before
they launched he damn well knew it
wasn't gonna be it at that point but he
was still acting like yeah so they're I
think there's a good argument to be made
for him being a liar we don't know for
sure okay but so we're getting it from
both sides
weren't harsh enough on the crab why
can't you just validate everyone's
opinion always Jack that's true that's
true you guys can't even be right right
that's true we monster and we're never
right let's see here
renegade renegade Akira so Jack now that
you are more familiar with mouse and
keyboard
I recommend the game that ziggurat an
FPS roguelike where you are a wizard
shooting lightning and carrots at ghosts
lol bug my duck lightning and carrots at
ghosts I will add that to the list for
that much fun I want to shoot carrots at
ghosts why because why that's absurd why
would you know here it at a ghost cuz
that's how you kill a ghost right let's
say Monsieur mythology is maybe it helps
you see the ghost cuz carrots are good
for your eyes that's my carrot joke
pretty good that's your character pretty
good joke that carrot joke that's breath
it's pretty good too the best carrot
joke you're going with is that ziggurat
game you could have had any care of joke
you wanted that was my carrot joke that
was yours yeah there's an endless
plethora of carrot jokes out there nope
there's one Kerr joke about it being
good for your eyes maybe there's a joke
about giving it to a bunny got anything
no you think of a better care joke it's
all I got man that's a Oh carrot humor
right we missed the boat I like carrot
humor
anonymous says excluding Pixar what
movies have made you cry during your
adult lives
I don't recall teddy it doesn't happen
very often trying to think I don't know
if I was full-blown tears but I was
definitely tearing up during Creed I can
see that like there there's a moment in
Creed when Sylvester Stallone gets a
little ill yeah and they were dealing
with that and that I don't know if I was
full-blown tears in face but I was I was
welling you got the the misty I got
misty recently while watching Kubo very
simple story but it has a lot to do with
parents and children and I was watching
it with my kids and so I think that had
less to do it's moving more just you
know watching it with my kids at not cry
again just a little little well up I'm
also like I'm a crier no I let it go
though I'm probably not a good judge of
man you guys I'm trying to think it
doesn't happen very often even movies
that like affect me emotionally they
don't make me cry
I think Magnolia did when I saw that the
first time in the theatre oh yeah I mean
that movies like emotion overload so I
don't even think I can tell you what
part it was sure cuz I'd hold move
that's like feelings the movie lunging
you over the head until you feel
something nice I'm gonna bludgeon you
over the head with sadness motherfucker
maybe the Royal Tenenbaums way back when
oh yeah I'm stretching here I'm trying
to think
yeah
yeah that's all I got no that's fair
that's right it I don't think it's any
more reason mm-hmm that no that is fair
let's see here um the blue blaze says
hey guys with every recent major
animated movie being 3d what do you
think of 2d essentially being ignored in
film um I get it
I mean from a budget standpoint and a
practicality standpoint I get why it
would be abandoned its a giant pain in
the ass and it takes forever yeah yeah
crank this stuff out yes but you know I
think we're gonna see a new wave like
you know it's it's becoming a lot
cheaper to make kind of short 2d
animated stuff and so hopefully we'll
see a new wave of 2d animated TV shows
or little Internet shorts for features
listen the Hollywood is dying everyone
knows that it won't matter in a couple
of years Netflix will put out a 2d
animated Netflix amygz of it Netflix
will make something great in front of it
if it's a market that there's an
audience for and they're not being
serviced then yes Netflix will come up
with something that's what they're doing
be patient find some people to follow on
Twitter I follow I don't even know how I
ended up following this person but they
constantly retweet other people's final
animation school thesis 'as you know
like they're like two to three minutes
silent animated features it's one of my
favorite Twitter and now like I don't
think like that that's not the purpose
of their account they just know a lot of
people who are going through animation
school and I love it interesting I love
it
we're gonna see a new wave
now let's see you're all so rich you
looked exactly like this when my mom
thought you were a woman wait what am I
suppose is that I read the thing they
wrote cuz that's what we said we were
doing it wasn't like necessarily bad so
I was like I read it
great anonymous I'm not reading them
seven of Borgnine J would you consider
doing a review of Day of the Dead I know
it's your favorite Romero or your
favorite of the Romero trilogy and I'd
like to know your reasons for liking it
the most ah probably that's a very good
candidate hmm so I'm sure I'll do it
eventually it's tricky with something
like that where it's like like we
already did like with John Carpenter we
did escape from New York
that's one like I could go through every
one of his movies chronologically we
didn't we picked escape from here cuz
that's my favorite uh-huh where it's
like II go through all the George Romero
you know you could just do the Dead
movies I guess but mmm my favorite movie
if his is Martin so it's like where do
you fit Martin in what's the order do
you have to like if we're gonna do Day
of the Dead do we have to start with my
living that first right so I would like
to do it eventually because yeah I love
that movie
so yes it's a definite possibility
great eventualities it's a definite
eventualities I would say oh that's
better that's more that's more permanent
yes when I don't know but I'm sure it'll
happen let's see here anonymous says any
of you guys tried mr. robot I enjoy that
show quite a bit how about linarcos or a
house of cars I've never seen mr. robot
I've heard good things I haven't paid
too much attention to it
how's the cards I watched the first
episode it's very well made I mean this
David Fincher but there's a subject
matter that didn't interest me terribly
so it's like all right I get it
everyone's really good in it core is the
first season yeah that's the things like
it's well-made I understand why people
would like it but it's just not for me
yeah
do you see any dark Reds I don't nothing
about narcos Netflix original about God
what's his name the Colombian drug lord
the famous Colombian cocaine mark
Salazar Oh
Escobar Escobar yeah Escobar or whatever
the the fame at the cocaine Nets movie
about the cocaine guy and TV it's a
Netflix original TV show about the
cocaine guy I saw a couple episodes it's
about him on one end and about like
someone on and Drug Enforcement Unit
captain I'm sure it's fine I'm sure it's
well made but that's not something I'm
interested in and it really is and it's
the I I know I saw the first two
episodes of it and it didn't really hook
me but they're good they're quality
really quality he has this little thing
where he's uh he's bribing guards at one
point he goes through this little speech
and it was it was great in his powerful
and if you're into like drug drama if
you like below I'm sure you'll love it
right I remember blow that movie was
Paul Reubens in that money I'm sure he
was yeah he wasn't memory that was like
yeah that was a because he had some
comeback stuff but that was like a
dramatic thing think I'm good yeah I saw
it in the theater and I've never I don't
think I've thought about it since Miami
I like Miami Vice but I'm a man man yeah
you know what like but even it like if I
think if you're into Miami Vice
you might like narcos yeah it doesn't
have the style of Miami Vice but it's
got all that vice drug stuff and it's
neat like they go into like at least in
the first couple of episodes they're
like in the jungles of Colombia and like
it's it's this drug lord talking to the
guy who basically invented cocaine it's
it's really neat cool setting not I
don't care about the cocaine Wars of the
70s yeah to me that's a show that like
my dad would watch
drama yeah the dad show it's a dead
chill I'm a dad may not know elder Dan
not an older dad it gets confusing come
axion 120 hijack rich NJ appreciate the
Midwestern humor as I'm from North
Dakota
we don't talk like that it's all
Minnesota did you see the new Resident
Evil trailer and what do you think looks
like another Resident Evil movie god
bless that Melia Jovovich you know of it
just hanging out I don't do anything I
think her husband directs them right
yeah Paul WS Anderson you know what
they're just having fun man they're
spending time together
killing stunt people on set just you
know have a little thing did a stunt
person die or just get horribly injured
on that I think I'm dying did they I
remember hearing something about that I
thought it was just a bandit bad injury
could have been a bad injury I thought
died but I guess I don't really know
that's just how it works sometimes
that's a strange series the fact that
it's been going there's only the first
one was like what 2001 or something
I believe it they're still ringing them
and milla jovovich doesn't look like a
day older than she did in the first one
that's what I'm saying good for that's
what I'm saying good for her
does she even act outside of those
movies anymore what else she vented
lately aside from those has lost to the
last wave oh I'm sorry
Oh who's the who's the French filmmaker
that did Fifth Element didn't he just
make it in the song didn't luc besson
make a new movie Teddy I think so she
might have been in it
probably not Lucas on yes
loop's my son is terrible ah you talky
love luc besson terrible we are we we
loop is on terrible oh let's see here oh
you know left leftover beef cakes gonna
get topical on it j an important
question for you how many videos have
been hit by the latest YouTube
advertising kerfuffle none because
nobody knows what they're talking about
that's the end of it everybody's very
upset about something they're completely
uninformed on they've already decided
they're angry and they don't know what
they're talking about I'll leave it at
that
great especially take issue with people
that are using the word censorship I saw
you tweeted that article from that one
guy from Freddie Wong yeah famous
youtuber Freddie which I know I don't
know hardly anything I know he's a big
youtuber but I don't know anything I
don't know anything about any of these
youtubers but um this article is
completely accurate he wrote a great
article someone who now has a career
thanks to YouTube wrote an article all
about this whole YouTube and kerfuffle I
highly recommend you read Freddie Wong's
true Freddie Wong's article and yes one
that word gets thrown around a lot that
censorship word yeah I'm gonna say 99%
of the time it does not mean what people
think of me right here in specific no it
isn't the end of YouTube YouTube is not
going to become a kitty friendly PG
world
people are blown it way out of
proportion people way out of proportion
one of my favorite parts of that article
was how Freddie Wong was describing the
scene around YouTube makers when YouTube
rolled out ads oh yeah and everyone was
upset there were ads and now they're
upset but as our not being shown right
on certain video the the corrects of it
for anyone who doesn't know the
situation we won't get into it too much
is if certain advertisers deem some
content unacceptable they won't
advertise on it not YouTube advertisers
yes kind of in conjunction with YouTube
they two of the the privately owned
company YouTube the privately owned
company running an expensive to run
website that is that anyone can upload
anything to for free that is run
entirely on ads well yeah the whole
reason YouTube exists is because of ads
they're trying to make it easier for
advertisers to advertise on videos that
say don't feature decapitation you know
whatever right or man being set on fire
you know because that is on you can find
that stuff on YouTube right now that is
the type of stuff though that type of
stuff specifically that may get flagged
and removed from YouTube it's
understandable absolutely what it does
happen absolutely so so you YouTube is
trying to make a space for their
advertisers where it's a little easier
for them to advertise on and so there
are certain videos that will remain on
YouTube you can still watch them but
we'll have advertisements removed from
them right yep but Jack the Terms of
Service say that they'll remove ads from
any video that has swearing in it that
not what it says but that's exactly what
it says it does mention that but that's
like you got to have guidelines for if a
video does get flagged and then
demonetized you have to have some sort
of reason to give that person so like
hey here's some examples but that
doesn't literally mean every video is
swearing we'll get D monetized it
happened to a like I've seen too
half big youtubers have it happened to a
couple of their videos and so everybody
started freaking out about it
there was a hashtag and everything was
there yeah YouTube is over party or
something like that
I missed the hashtag you missed no I
missed the whole hashtag if you know you
know shits real when there's a hashtag
and then other people see that hashtag
so they say I guess I'm angry too I mean
even though I don't know anything about
the situation yep yep
didn't this happen a couple years ago -
or already flipped out about some new
YouTube Terms and policy change or
something was it at the comment section
alterations I don't know I feels like
everyone some others like it oh no
YouTube's this is the end of YouTube
interview - and then a couple days later
everybody's completely forgotten because
they're the only ones they don't have
any competition right now whatever
videos streaming yeah and if they wanted
to go completely draconian a lot of
people would be fucked oh sure
I understand that completely and I think
that this reaction might be in part just
worried about this is step one what no
what's next yeah what's next sure
but here's the thing you need to if
you're a youtuber you need to prepare
yourself for that instead of just
waiting for the day when your channel
gets shut down and say well fuck yes you
have to have other plans but there's not
there's not an obvious other place to go
now well but but here's the thing rich
if your livelihood let's let's just
let's let's picture in our mind a
youtuber who makes all of their money on
YouTube ads yeah if your livelihood is
dependent on a service that is out of
your control you need to either adjust
what you're making or find another means
of revenue right well why things like
patreon exist that's why things like
patreon exist and so like if you are a
youtuber who makes all of their money
through YouTube you need to follow their
rules because there are they are giving
you free they are giving you a free
service in order for you to make money
yeah I think we don't put all your eggs
in one basket or if you do you're gonna
do what the basket tells you to do yeah
you have to do what the band this isn't
I've seen some people like
the wooden etalk sort of logically about
this like we're trying to do yeah
they're people like oh you're being a
YouTube apologists where it's like look
the system isn't perfect right but it's
the system that's available you know
this is what you have to work with
there's issues with like you know false
copyright claims and all that stuff like
it's not a perfect system but it is what
it is mm-hm
you know you got it you got to work with
what you got I demand that this free
service cater to my needs specific yeah
and that's soy some people react and
it's like are you saying that you are
prepared for this shit to hit the family
you have to be I'm just I'm letting them
know yeah I'm letting them know yeah
don't worry point is everything's fine
once I mean especially in this specific
situation everything is well it's like
you know for red letter media you guys
have a patron we we have a twitch stream
yeah this our twitch stream is where we
make more most of our income and so you
have to have a plan B or you have to
follow the rules because they're the
ones no you have to endlessly complain
about the rules for the system that you
you are being allowed to use in the
first place
that's like it almost frustrates me
because like well the worst part is like
I mean I can understand some people be
more upset about it than like we're
pretty casual about it right now I get
if people are upset I get if people are
worried about their channel like cuz
some some youtubers did get it like a
lot of their videos were demonetized
sure but here's what you can do you can
counter that and and your monetization
and unless you have a video of beheading
or whatever right your monetization will
be turned back on pretty quickly it
could be yeah you saying you have a
sweet beheading video boy being like I
know I forgot where I was going rich oh
I'm sorry I'm a jerk at I don't know I
mean I understand how some people are
upset but right you know this is what
you got to work with me people me Bo
says YouTube wouldn't make any money
without creator content
not the other way around except for the
people who earn money exclusively
through YouTube maple maple uh also
YouTube I don't know if people
understand the scope of YouTube well
that's the thing - yeah I mean there's
so many videos uploaded every second I
want you to think about like you you
want to listen to a song you want to
watch a YouTube video how easily can you
accomplish that and how much work do you
think it it takes for you to watch that
video they have servers they have people
running the servers they have all this
equipment laid out so you can easily
watch a YouTube video you put up a video
for other people to watch on your own
server and see how easy it is YouTube
needs its creators to sell
advertisements just like creators need
YouTube for people to see their videos
without YouTube where are these people
going to show their videos there are
other services but none of them have the
reach of YouTube yeah so I don't think
it is the other way around its we need
YouTube or another service like YouTube
sure I would love I would love some
competition we don't really have it
right now but a year's worth of video is
uploaded every day Oh every hour and
that's the funny thing too is people
like would the the terms of service
saying like you know no inappropriate
language or whatever there seem to be
people that think that there's literally
people scouring through that work for
YouTube that are physically watching
every single video looking for swear
words in the videos like you know all
this stuff is just an algorithm right
they're scanning the video titles and
the video descriptions for words that
you know could potentially be bad ya
know and photos are topics that could be
bad or key are key phrases flutterby
makes an interesting counter-argument
which I would like to counter his
counter it says I wouldn't make money
without roads and cops so therefore I
can't complain about anything
country does because without them where
am I going to work YouTube's a privately
owned company it's a much different
thing and and you can complain about
YouTube you are free to complain about
YouTube but using your analogy you have
to pay taxes yeah which pay for the
roads in the cop that's a rule that you
have to follow and that gets you the
roads and the cops that make you be able
to run a business and earn money just
like you have to follow the rules of
YouTube it so you're you're dumb
no I'm sorry you can't mean that was me
and I'm very sorry but you can complain
about YouTube all you want we just
disagree with you yeah no Thursday
there's dailymotion I think it's over
time people take for granted something
that is so common yeah
like YouTube is so common now people
look at it more as like a right than a
privilege right YouTube could shut down
tomorrow if they wanted to like then
whack it might make alphabet or whatever
their parent company is called out more
money to shut down they could sell that
copper wire for more than YouTube is
worth at the moment I think the problem
is you need more services like YouTube I
used to be blip and then blip would
under yep knowing that they're still
like there's fringe ones you know like
you have Vimeo and Vimeo is kind of get
in there with like tips and yeah none of
them have the reach or the benefits of
YouTube it's because of the ads mm-hmm
and the funny thing is and you know this
is not coming from me this is coming
from that Freddie Wong article if
YouTube decides to not run an ad on a
video they deemed to be offensive in any
way
what's happening is YouTube still has to
pay the money to have that video be able
to be seen by everyone it so they are
there they're letting you see it for
free and they're not making any money
off of this video that they deem
offensive yeah you can still watch all
the things right
go get man Gabby Gabby Gabby like most
things it's a complicated situation that
people have looked at from a very non
complicated and narrow pointed I mean
they've hashtag good so it's a hashtag
once something's a hashtag then it loses
all meetings so it's kind of there
that's not sure I didn't say that
there's some good causes you said that I
said you can't take that back
all right let's see here kastri hey guys
Jake and rich have you heard of the game
Harvester it's like a very bad horror
movie but in pointless I've heard of it
I haven't played it okay would we like
there's two things I don't like
point-and-click and horror okay so nope
we don't want it gobbledygook my uh-oh
regarding my wife's panic attack at
Blair Witch the only other time she had
one was during another movie she thought
was real or based on real events I think
the style like Texas Chainsaw mascara
huh okay that is freaky yeah she
shouldn't watch movies like that then
gobbledygook
Jigga like I get the point jyggalag says
Jack I think you may have missed the
point people complaining about the
monetization yes the video is still
around but if the Creator doesn't get
money there isn't going to be any more
of those videos around and like I said
if the Creator is dependent on YouTube
the service to get money that creator
has to follow the rules of the service
that he's using to get money make money
through patreon right and so make money
through tell selling t-shirts so that
creator let yourself be dependent on
YouTube that's my bigger point rich
thank you for being more eloquent than I
am the problem is these people are
dependent on the service not that the
service is evil you know what I'm saying
the service can do whatever it was it's
just a service but these people are
dependent on it and these people have
gotten lazy no I hate those fuckers
haha what happened there's suicide
kobolds Gabi
no no mochi b85 says hey guys here is a
$5 tip I always enjoy when rich says my
username like a morning radio douchebag
okie be 86 555 mochi be any fan today on
mochi be 85 we've got the hitch from the
Nami's thanks also if our alum makes
another film will it be bunches of
laughs be 85 Oh only in the 90s grunge
oh I remem
Runge if our alum makes another feature
film will it be much less special
effects that can be a headache to do
it'll probably whatever stupid idea we
come up with yeah problem yeah
I don't even know know is if it is
special effects heavy
I've got doing them there you go we're
gonna farm out all that shit the whole
business the whole moviemaking business
just give it to someone else
don't use someone else make the movie
don't even write it give someone an idea
you write it then you direct it you make
it I don't care about it anymore
let's slap our name on it yep let's see
here hey you rich and Jack any plans for
a rim world stream if you don't know
what that is think dwarf a fortress with
graphics a rim job stream hey Oh nope
bog water hijack hi reg hi Jay I'd love
to hear your thoughts on Rutger Hauer
he's my favorite actor and has made many
bad movies with great performances like
split second blood of heroes things
well Rutger Hauer is in your favorite
movie right the best movie ever made
apparently he's he's mastered the career
slow descent yeah I don't know what I
mean he's one of those guys that's been
in tons of stuff like he's in Blade
Runner
yeah I'm trying to sing a ladyhawk I've
ever seen lady on I gotta see ladyhawk
he's in hobo with a shotgun I don't know
he's just one of those guys that's been
around forever I don't have any strong
feelings about him one way or the other
yeah he's just a working character actor
he's fine just an actor oh speaking of
working character actors John Oh Joe
Pulido Jon Polito Joe Pulido John Pilate
yes Joe because I first I thought it
said Joe pilato rest in peace Joe plot
Oh as like the the day of the dead guy
yeah Joe Pulido
I said Joe or is it John it's Joe don't
believe in whatever he wants it to be
whatever he wants to be he doesn't want
to be anything
oh snap oh yeah he was great okay
famous for Coen Brothers name is that
guy oh look it's that guy uh chad is
saying John it is John Alito maybe I
just read it as Joe pilato Jon Polito
oh god well that's just how big of a fan
I am no well he's just that guy he's
that guy you don't have to know is there
right the only that guy that everybody
should know the name of his dick Miller
everybody should know dick Miller who's
Dick Miller Dick Miller ease mr.
Futterman and gremlins - is that guy
from gremlins the neighbor the older
neighbor guy okay
he's in every Joe Dante movie he's used
to work with Roger Corman he's the
working character actor that's been in
everything yeah Jon Polito you would
know as like the crazy Russian from
Seinfeld
yeah that's right a small part in every
Coen Brothers movie yeah just about
everyone I think I know him best as the
villain from Blankman you know I
remembered that Blankman exists oh I
watched the shit out of some Blankman as
a kid of course you did I don't even
think I've seen the whole thing doesn't
have a sidekick that's like a vacuum
cleaner or something is that something a
little robot yeah it's a little guy is
he made from vacuum cleaner parts I
think so
okay you guys and yeah Blankman
no I probably saw bits of it on cable
growing up on the farm you didn't watch
I did not watch Blankman growing up on
the farm
no it's I watched a bike man man a
meteor man yeah that was like right here
on the same time yeah those two movies
came out around the same time Blankman
the Stars which Wayans in the dance
David Marlon where's the Damon Damon
Damon yeah the bald one aren't they all
bald
anybody can shave their hair yeah one at
one of the Wayans brothers is its yeah
it's Damon that's right is is like a
makeshift superhero literally he's a
garbage superhero right where he cobbles
together his all of his superhero stuff
from like
bitch found on the street and Jon Polito
plays like a villain who wears a silk
gown I don't remember exactly the whole
thing you've robbed the bankers I'm
African it doesn't really matter it
doesn't really matter it's it's a really
bad nineties superhero movie but I kind
of love it I have a soft spot in my
heart for it as I do with all 90s
superhero it's like the Phantom and the
shadow the worst era for superhero the
worst they're on well you know I like
superhero and they may allow superhero
movies in that time
what other superhero movies came out in
the 90s spawn yep spawn phantom blade
blade hello
the shadow Batman was 89 so all the
Batman sequels I want to say it was that
x-men might have been 99 yes
yeah or or maybe even 98 could be 98 I
forget he's before 2000 steel yep you
guys got it
darkman darkman tank girl the best movie
ever made
oh yeah absolutely tank girl ain't
girl's got a great soundtrack mmm give
it though Korean ooh
Lori petti yeah Lori Patti
Oh hex Ben was mm was he really weird
okay nice minutes mm
modest glottis yes you know what you
typed I say crow the crow fuck yeah I
have a feeling I really liked that movie
when it came out I have a feeling that's
one that doesn't hold oh I'm sure it's
good I have not watched in a law I'm
sure it's emo garbage yeah but I mean
every everyone wants to the shit out of
that movie you know the comics are emo
garbage I'm sure I like the art style
the comics just don't hail garbage maybe
I haven't read him since the movie came
out so mystery men yep the era of The
Misfits superheroes mystery men mm yeah
they said mystery men so I think that
was the early early 2000s had all
started yes what was All Star know
there's a lot of blurring between the
very late 90s in the early 2000s it all
feels like the same crap yep anonymous
says Jack it seems like you regulate
your kids internet usage as they get
older what will your reaction be if they
start streaming vids or if they start
streaming videos or a YouTube channel I
kid you not that is one of their
favorite things to pretend doing they
have a pretend let's play channel do
they watch Let's Plays they do okay
there's a YouTube kids app that like it
has an algorithm that filters out
obnoxious content like the stuff we
create and they have found like a
Minecraft let's player that's
kid-friendly and they love the shit out
of them do you know what his name is I
do what is it do we were saying it
doesn't matter
that's stampy okay that's not the same
one I have a nephew that watches some
and that's a huge thing I guess is
minecraft let's play minecraft let's
play and I know there's a couple big
ones so Myatt my boys watch stampy
videos and they love the crap out of
them and so when they play Minecraft
because they have Minecraft for their
Wii U
they talk like it's a let's play hello
and welcome to this episode and they
like as they're doing stuff they talk
like it's a let's play and they have a
pretend Channel and they have their own
pretend character I mean that makes
sense
ever we're being a little kid I mean my
siblings pretending we have like a talk
show yes there's a lot of talk shows on
exactly that's their preferred form of
entertainment like that's the way it is
now yeah a lot of times if they say like
I want to watch something on TV they
mean I want to watch stampy's new let's
play mine and you know what like it's
the the really great thing is they watch
Stampede build something in Minecraft
and then they go to Minecraft I'm like
oh yeah we can build this now and
they're like I'm not I don't hate it but
it's it's weird like it's weird for me
just because I didn't grow up like that
but they're so like they they will
probably get to a point it I mean they
know what I do so they will probably get
to a point where they say I want to
record my own Let's Plays and when that
happens I'm not telling you fuckers and
I'm not telling anybody it's probably
smart probably smart no so it'll
probably happen and I'll be okay with it
because I kind of have to be right
damn I think it's like sta mpy and he
has like a cat costume and minecraft and
he's British so I think they like it
that he's British
they're like the X I like the accent
button everybody likes the British
accent right rich doesn't like Barry
doesn't like the British not just the
exons just them but yeah like I
definitely regulate their like you know
they they have we had an older iPad that
I have totally parent controlled the
fuck out of like they can use it but all
everything's filtered everything's
parental filtered and that's kind of
cover you know so they say you have
internet access but they can't do much
with it let's see here Snoopy 7 hey Jay
not sure if you were asked but have you
seen any of the leftovers no I know very
little about it ok
given your love of dark slash weird
figured you might like it
season 1 is good season two is a goddamn
masterpiece then cap mix of Twin Peaks
and lost the leftovers does it actually
have a payoff on my gloss hope unless
Damon Lindelof is involved all that
that's all I have to say about loss I
know
anonymous Jay anonymous is about to fuck
with rich Evans Jay if you could pick
any animal to be what would you choose
how's that fucking with a chance day as
that question last room in rich Evans
I had no answer I don't want to be a
fucking animal Devin says I would want
to be a human
I don't want to be a stupid animal you
being an animal since horrible humans
are better than animals
hmm so yeah I don't think I would want
to be an animal either is this like if I
had to refuse answer dis refused to
answer yeah you know you know when I
would be out
like I figured out a better answer for
this in the week since the year I asked
this question because the idea is you
could be an animal and you could retain
all memory of being an animal so you
could talk about it
oh she turned back into a human turned
back into a human after hey it would
feel like a horrible violation for a day
it wouldn't be anything oh this is
interesting
oh I would feel horribly violated it
would be it would be a rape a trance a
transmutation rate yeah of course it
would here's what I would do
here's here's a fun answer and not a
rich Evans answer I would be a
cuttlefish do you know what those things
are
someone those are the giant teeth
monster fish with the little with listen
a Blowfish an angler fish what's a
cuttlefish that's a squid is it little
tiny squid I'd be an angler whatever you
know I would be whatever fish is that
the deepest part of the ocean just so I
could see what the fuck is down there
Yeah right nobody's been down there I
would be a sloth cuz I never just sleep
through the whole thing
just hang from a tree and sleep and then
wake up the next day me like has a nice
nap
now cuttlefish are related to Oxford
okay well I would be the thing that is
in the super deep water and I just I
just look around in the super deep water
and then I tell everybody like you know
what's down fucking nothing's down more
of the same shit only deeper yep and
then I would save a ton of researchers a
ton of time and they'll go cure cancer
or something there they can't explore
the ocean because I did it already
a root ah hi have you guys ever played
either the Marvel Ultimate Alliance
games if so what do you think about them
would you ever stream them no I played
them the the Marvel Ultimate Alliance
games are that weird form of real-time
RPG I was expecting turn-based combat
but it's like it's kind of a dumb
Kingdom Hearts style RPG where the
damage you do is still based off of
number generators and I didn't quite
care for it even though it is you know
fun playing as I didn't care for the
combat it was fun being different Marvel
superheroes but I didn't I never cared
for the combat so you probably know
probably no we would not stream it pear
ray Juelz you guys haven't done many
musicals on half of the bag would it be
would I be wasting my time sending you a
copy of our Kelly's trapped in the
closet oh man I've said you ever seen
any of that it's kind of amazing should
it's ridiculous should they send it our
way
um I don't think we would do anything
with it because it's it's good oh I mean
it's like ridiculous but it's not like
something that we would do on best of
the worst right it's completely absurd
you know what send it to us I mean yeah
maybe we just watch it some night might
be great we have some get together a
movie night where we watch our Kelly's
trapped in the clock trap and it's worth
watching
boom boom I love it send it the real
they on ji recently re-watched your Evil
Dead homage
in the bag oh yeah unfortunately during
the part where Mike is on the floor you
can see the ceiling of the studio oh
yeah
there's no way around it in order to get
the type of angles we needed to get that
was all we could do that's perfect
that's true yeah you see this table set
and Evil Dead where you can see the top
of the set even though he's good to when
he's running through the walls yeah so
it was done on purpose if he's done on
purpose
well the real van asked you to please
reshoot that scene we'll get right on
that
yeah no I mean we realized that we were
shooting but to get the type of angles
we wanted that's you just had to do it
questions which is more important
exactly what you would you the viewer
grab and that's that's the whole thing
with you led to there's parts like that
but it's like it doesn't matter in the
in that context it's it's the energy of
the scene and you're into what's
happening you know who gives a shit if
you see the top of the set for a second
well I've been it way works double play
it's done in the spirit yeah the same
spirit
Caesarion part hey guys I was recently
rewatching the boyhood review and it
made me curious are there any films that
are generally considered to be a classic
that you would consider to be overrated
or even bad oh yeah you were a big voice
of dissent on boyhood we were well I've
mentioned before that I don't care for
blade on earth bright I don't know if I
would say it's overrated I don't really
like when people call something
overrated or underrated
because then they're not reviewing or
discussing the thing itself they're just
discussing people's reaction to the
thing they're discussing other people
discussing what yeah what a reaction to
the thing that's the most interesting
thing I guess when is I've never been
the case though sometimes if the thing
isn't that interesting no man's sky I am
say I don't know in general I don't
really like calling something overrated
or underrated I'm sure I have in the
past but in general I don't like doing
it but yeah Blade Runner is the big one
where it's like I mean I get why people
like it but it just it tells nothing for
me that's the big one
Edie gasps ooh hey guys I really enjoyed
your Star Wars Holiday Special episodes
that was really really fun I know you
chose the movie I know you chose the
movies pretty randomly but would you
ever consider doing the Ewok TV movies
for best of the worst no I barely I know
Wilford Brimley's in one of them I
barely remember him they came out on DVD
it was like a DVD it was it was what
like both movies on one DVD and I think
it's out of print and actually like
worth some money now and I know where I
can get a copy they came out on VHS -
right probably I know that the DVD is is
is is like it goes for a fair amount on
eBay now I don't remember them well
enough to know if they're like good bad
or not beaten the game the game you did
it
you've killed all the orcs all the orcs
died well I I close the portal that
keeps the good don't be silly Jack Jace
uh mr. clerk wants to know thoughts on
another stream of funding by magic I
haven't had any thoughts great game
recognize game says hello film making
question how to make sound not sound
terrible that's something we're still
struggling with you may as well as Helen
Keller right she was phone all the time
she'd have no idea how a microphone
that's a very broad question and you get
a nice mic and you get it as close to
someone's mouth as humanly ever ever use
your cameras onboard microphone ever
ever that's a big one and then you have
someone talk at a reasonable volume
while a microphone is very close to
their mouth in a room that is not
doesn't have flat walls so there's not a
lot of echo yes that's very incredibly
tricky you asked a very situational
question yeah I'm sorry also J thoughts
on the office specifically later seasons
Oh
Lucien's they're not that great great it
starts off great there's a good season
to through maybe four or five yeah
they're really great yeah I don't think
it really kicked off until the season
two or three yeah that's when it really
found its footing yeah especially like I
don't know about you but I came to it
from the British office I've never seen
any other British shot really an old
roommate back way before the American
office was the thing that was obsessed
with the British office and he would
always like try and get me to watch it
for a reason I never did I have it on
DVD I can't get past the accent oh
really
yeah and not under the jokes aren't
hitting cuz I'm trying to decipher what
people are saying okay what why like I
just know the America Oh such a gear
shift from the British one word like it
took me a while to get into shared I
guess what does that slang mean hope to
tell you what the boot now let's see
here a Grand Moff coolie have you seen
the lion in winter it wouldn't it
wouldn't make a good best of the worst
it might make a good half in the bag
Peter O'Toole
Katharine Hepburn Anthony Hopkins
Timothy Dalton I haven't seen it alright
sorry jack how goes the Pokemon go
heavier I haven't heard about it for a
while because I'm not playing in no
one's playing anymore we don't place
Pokemon go anymore we don't care about
it anymore because they kept changing
stuff to make it a worse game I haven't
deleted it from my phone yet but I also
have not opened it in weeks even my kids
don't ask to play anymore
no really like we go out on walks and
they're bored of it doing it I kept in
it has there ever been a fan that died
that quickly something that was that
popular and then just died that's it's
it's part of the modern day stuff where
here's here's an example where the
developers tried to fix something and
ruined it for all of their users yeah
it's just not a fun game to play while
walking around anymore
is that the whole is that all of it is
that the whole reason that it died that
one patch that took out the footprints
well it's not just the footprints lore
did walking around get old real quick no
cuz like they took out the footprints
and they made Pokemon spawn less and
they made it harder to catch pokemon and
now they're messing with the eggs and so
it's like they see the spawn lesson
which to me sounds like a bit more
interesting I when we straight it with
you it was like a Pokemon every two
fucking feet it seems obnoxious but
that's that's your reward man you got to
get to Pokemon but it does not reward
for what there everywhere there was no
hunters one is three over there was 14
there was no hunt that was a big part of
it with the footprint thanks bogey sab
over their eyes whatever they like well
that's the thing works like if they call
the book if they lessen the spawn but
gave us a way to go find them that would
have been fine they they just changed
stuff and didn't balance it out I could
I still go for walks I walk all the time
I used to go for walking pull out my
Pokemon now I just go for a walk and
like enjoy nature or some bullshit I
don't making it so you couldn't you
should like cells just terrible that was
I mean for me personally that was really
awful so no more Pokemon go for me maybe
maybe one day Jack rich J if you are
stranded on it nope I'm not on sorry
don't have time Jay since you're the
commanding officer here tonight yeah
you're the commander I'm just sitting
here enjoying a beer no I don't know I
don't I don't like that I'm not am i
sorry
oh also anonymous says pay attention to
me okay Clem Fandango so I had to read
that a couple times
hey anonymous you probably know what you
type there cuz you know the procession
of stuff I don't know what that was
about
I don't like the sound of it though
hello from wen Zhou China I've just
moved here from Indiana and got to play
a real-life version of papers
please trying to get a residence visa no
I'm lonely
so would you play star control too
sometime maybe we keep getting requests
you know that one I don't know if I know
much about it but we keep getting
requests okay maybe we'll do it great
let's see here hello rich and Jack I
just wanted to congratulate day probably
meant Jay on his recent trip to the peak
of Everest truly an amazing feat enjoy
the cold beer oh I remember that
storyline remember and that was the
thing that we did oh you guys were yeah
I remember building that fucking thing
remember the smell god paper-mache that
that's the everyone yeah it stinks paper
mache stinks paper mache stinks
gobbledygook would like to remind us
that there's a new trailer for the
Friday the 13th game and we're getting
closer and closer to come out poke Tober
does it come out before Halloween I
would assume so if they were on their
shit they should if they were on their
shit it would be out before Halloween
teams you have to narc favorite
Disneyland Ron I hope they shove it out
the door incomplete to make that
Halloween launch date I hope I hope they
take the time and do it right person
later right well they've been working on
for quite a while games taken and by my
estimation they've been working on it
long enough I've decided and they try to
get it out jános let's find this is it
the pics I'm assuming cuz he acts as a
thing that's happening right now yeah
Friday 13th game Paks West 26 no Jake I
say it's doing the big screen that's the
that's the name that's we got I need the
sound on the TV so you're re I didn't
know what you are asking even though i
verbally said it five times i rarely pay
attention it not just to you to anyone i
rarely pay attention to anyone can the
chat see this or no no okay
so just gonna watch us look at nothing
pretty much we're watching be Friday
they lay lay lay lay lay lay me what
Karen's got a volume problem she always
turns somes wheel oh no she didn't
that's just the quietest advertisement
I've ever heard well it's probably you
too busy on volume yeah that's a bank
we are watching Friday the 13th the game
Paks west 2016 trailer it's on YouTube
we're watching an advertisement for Deus
Ex mankind legend in video game ad
before a video game ad you've got 10
seconds to bring it up on YouTube Friday
the 13th the game Paks West 2016 trailer
10 seconds go Deus Ex mankind of Annan
is available now I'm going to hit play
on the trailer now
Oh Fross Fross pros way surprised I
think you have to pause this sink if
you're dreaming I'm guessing that takes
up a lot of internet power you have to
pause it I'm very sorry we tried wow
that logo is great fake reaction J oh my
god and we're still buffering try
clicking it back to the beginning
sometimes it reloads I'm going back to
the beginning now no hope it's not gonna
do it I'm gonna do it you know unmake it
on a big make it unbidden like being big
oh yeah take that down to think of them
just for a t-shirt there we go
now take it back to the beginning I'm
bigging finding it we are experiencing
interruptions how did you know YouTube
Wow okay gun media a home video we've
started again by whoa that's a fun logo
Plex plexus
so we got Bankhead Jason we got part
three Jason oh god that's horrifying
oh you just stepped on a girl's head and
broke her head and just walked away
you just throw someone into a fire this
is oh that's part seven Jason they got
all the Jason's you just pitchfork to
lady in that back this is wonderful I
don't even need the game I'll just watch
this do we know anything about what the
game is it's this great you know it's
multiplayer and one of us to be Jason
right it was that was that new beginning
the kill isn't from anything but the
Jason that's like from part three okay
yeah it seems to be part two part three
and part seven yes
you know what then you see it like then
you see a spear through the mouth and
it's not that exciting oh wait wait
oh he's not done you made it work you
just cut off a guy's arm cut off his
other arm and there's the hand right in
the middle that has the head we can
pre-order now coming to all major
consoles and the steam well I mean
that's a wonderful highlight reel of
death it is I'm gonna say the music's a
little pandering because that's kind of
the thing right now is you know cheesy
80s music yeah and that's not really a
representative of the Friday the 13th
series yeah so that's a little pandering
but aside from that I mean all those
deaths were wonderful all those deaths
were wonderful
agreed loner art John I watched a
Serbian film in some segments I laughed
is there something wrong with me and are
there any movies that you can recommend
to make me into more acceptable human
being mr. Hollin office I would
recommend any movie that isn't a Serbian
film
I recommend any movie that isn't Friday
the 13th do you guys have any thoughts
on the new Power Rangers movie no no I
couldn't care less I caught the tail end
of powering I gotta wing you I'm saying
I was an adult when that came out I have
no nostalgia for the proper name oh yeah
I remember watching it every once in a
while and thinking like I liked some of
the the giant monster stuff yep even
before I knew like I knew something was
weird about the footage it was like what
is happening and then I found out of
course they just stole it from the
Japanese show
Reaper called repurposed but yeah I
didn't mean
early steel but hmm I remember thinking
some of that stuff was kind of fun but
at the same time I was like I'm a little
too old for this I didn't really care
much for it like rewatching it as an
adult with my kids who loved Power
Rangers yeah well they still make new
ones
they still make new ones but we like
they like the old some of the old ones
better which is great really the new
suits are weird they look like Iron Man
suits yeah that's what all suits look
like now right I like guys in big rubber
costumes destroying miniature cities and
I don't think we're gonna get that so
it's like what's the point that's part
of the fun of Power Rangers like like
with Godzilla the point is you've heard
of Power Rangers right right right
that's it so you know what if they can
make if they can make it a fun action
movie I'll be happy that's I was I was
either in junior or senior year of high
school when that show came out and it
was it's older than that 94 I think is
that right that was a little older than
that either right anyway it was it was
something that that III was vaguely
aware of it came on before Batman the
Animated Series did which I did indeed
sit down to watch sure when I was a
junior in high school
good joke see the joke was that was
didn't like that cartoon but I'm like
the other cartoon oh I get it so much
Jay were you um disturbed by under the
skin uh yeah I don't see how you
couldn't be seen on the beach with the
baby come on you have to be heartless
not to be affected by that great movie
okay Jay did you hear or care about The
Criterion release of lone wolf and cub
series on blu-ray in November um I I've
never seen a lone wolf cub stuff so I
don't know we'll see maybe I'll check it
out when it's on criterion I'm not
familiar I've heard of it but I'm not
haven't seen anything richest 40 very
close very close to it it's approaching
like a Mack truck whatever means I
fucking survived
top-40 bitch what there's no reason for
the language gobbledygook says played no
man's sky for seventy hours into third
galaxy and having fun should I ask for
my money back later the game objective
it is the game objectively flawed or
fraud our refunds in media I think
that's like the the main question here
is our meat refunds in media okay for
subjective unhappiness is the major
question because a lot of people are
getting refunds for no man's sky because
they're saying it's not the game that I
was promised it's not the game that was
sold to me mmm what's the cutoff though
cuz wasn't there someone that was trying
to sue Warner Brothers because the Joker
wasn't in Suicide Squad as much as they
thought that he would be based on the
advertising really yeah it's a real
thing oh I don't know what the I'm
assuming it was tossed out or you're
still trying to get it going but well I
I don't know anything about no man's sky
so I can't comment on that but in
general I think you know buyer beware
you paid your money you got it just cuz
you know like you pay for to see a movie
you don't like the movie you're not
gonna get your money back for it mmm
people criticize me for being a skeptic
yeah it pays off steam usually has a one
hour if you have less than one hour of
play time on a game then you can reflect
is it to they have a set time where is
it you know cuz then like you can notice
glaring technical flaws share this there
there have been some special exceptions
made for no man sky in specific not huge
exceptions not as big as were initially
reported some people were saying oh yeah
any any play time you can get a refund
now but there have been some special
exceptions made and it's a little bit of
both its we we live in an age where
they've done that if they didn't think
some kind of class action fraud suit
were plausible like it wasn't as
widespread as it was
reporter sure it's really easy to find
out stuff about movies and videogames
right now literally there are entire
channels dedicated to showing you actual
gameplay there are review shows talking
about movies and games you just have to
not get it on release day and you can
find out everything you need to know to
make an informed buyers decision I think
if there are glaring technical problems
yes you should be able to get a refund
because that's a technical thing yeah
but no not if you just that's an
objective thing not a subjective thing
yes
an artist's objective right video games
and movies are art which is different
than like going to a restaurant and
ordering a steak medium-well and they
give it to you rare or something or it's
like if you went to see a movie and the
projector broke yeah you would get a
refund that's a different thing yeah
that's a difference if you buy a product
called picker simulator 5000 then the
ads were all about how you could pick
all these different kinds of fruits yeah
and and there's an interview with a
developer but a developer of fruit
picker mm like like a week before it
released Tiger alia is gonna have it's
gonna have some great fruit in it yes
and then the game comes out and there's
only like two vegetables vegetables yeah
that's that's fraud but I mean this says
in relation to no man let's go no no I
just come on
but rich you can do more research you
can but you got the dev in an interview
yeah no you should go are we talking
about the fruit that is your research if
they're promising you something and what
you get is not what they subjectively
say it is that's different you shouldn't
have to do research but I guess when I
think from a legal standpoint that might
be a blurry line you know I don't know
enough about no man's sky and what they
were promising so I can't comment on
that oh no no I think that's valid I
guess
14:28 that rich has a valid point i
speaking of the logistics
well this dev said this and this is one
interview so they're like that's what I
made my purchasing decision on that's a
that's murky water
I like concrete you can also go to other
sources to verify you know murky this is
your murky gobbledygook so I understand
that you really like no man's sky and
I'm sorry that we didn't we have two
cameras because there are three people
in the room yeah and this just makes
more sense rather than having the camera
zoomed all the way out and three tiny
people yeah and like a tremendous shot
of my crotch yeah dead center of the
frame we did it this way instead yeah
there's a weird like cut right there
there's that weird harsh cut but now you
can see more of us so when we make goofy
faces oh god where's my hands it should
be in the frame by now there oh my god
you're merging together you're becoming
the thing yes by the way Jade short
story I read recently that you would
find possibly interesting called the
things okay it's a it's a retelling of
John Carpenter's The Thing written from
the point of view of the thing looks
like a Grendel type it seemed very
interesting I know you love the thing
look it up okay I will okay
guys you guys got a stop tipping we are
truck we have been trying to end the
stream for the past hour now that you
told him to stop you know what's gonna
happen you know how the internet we're
good I guess what I'm saying is you need
to know that we're about to barrel
through these as fast as possible so we
can you know we have we have a ton more
oh my lord yeah you saw that scroll
right there way to shut them off so they
can't keep doing it no did you just stop
the stream no put something on so we can
still be a gaming stream while you're
barreling through these quickly right
just leave this lets barrel through
probably don't put our checkers or yeah
yes I'm debating it just just barrel
through okay what alcoholic drinks do
you guys drink besides beer I am a
personally lover of vodka
he totally what do you guys think of the
rogue once
learn from a few weeks ago don't care I
enjoyed gin it looks fine I don't really
care that much and vodka gimlets also
Jack and Coke I like all sorts of booze
and red wine yeah I like red wine and
rum and coke
rogue one looks pretty good yeah yeah
from what I've seen of Ronal it's pretty
good no I think visually it looks more
like realistic and modern but still
having the look of Star Wars then the
force awakens did yeah this Angry
gobbledygook recore is coming out not
next Tuesday but the Tuesday after the
first cross-platform game buy it on
Windows 10 and get it free on Xbox one
and vice versa trying it yes I really
liked that one oh another cross-platform
DC is DC Universe Online and it's free
fucks thank you gals agarics I even
interested in trying that that was a big
III show that that's the lady with all
the different robots mm-hmm that's
recore I'm a I'm interested in recore
yeah they didn't sell me on it lady
we're interested I'm interested that's
fine I don't care if you're saying that
that's that's your right as a human
being probably if you if you like it in
the chat that's your right to like it I
don't care go ahead and keep like yeah
just great what are your opinions says
now it's junky I'm being what are your
opinions on big-budget
turds like wild wild west they're fun
it's fun to watch a train wreck is not
fun just so they exist it's like it's
like why you go to NASCAR cuz maybe just
maybe a car without a control and land
in the stand that's horrible
and every now and then the long Ranger
will flip off the course and land in the
stands actually watching them though is
not fun like watching next car you don't
want to watch the whole thing just the
Aster man do do you think you'd do any
videos specifically on movies like that
and poke fun of them like you did with
id4 or when the sequel came out or pet
her for instance
you never do a review on wild wild west
I can tell you that that movie sucks
wild wild west yeah let's see here
medevac Oh medival van good hopefully
met of Meadowvale van you've been
sharing this go fund me link you talked
about this last time share that in
stream mods meta meta valve an is about
to share a link in the chat allow him to
do so it is a link to a go fund me that
he talked about helping a friend with
cerebral palsy absolutely meta valve an
he spelled out his name phonetically for
me which helps a lot with your weird
switch names also you're going to be
streaming that ones we can't we're not
rated you've been told you've been
warned
we're barreling the last two we're not
reading oh yeah he's one gamer child UK
love free wreck and rlm keep up the
great streams have in the bag best of
the worst and review Thank You game
Chhath UK
Captain Black Adder hey J what made you
change your style from chin beard to
spike here to full beard and undercut
undercutting I don't know what that
means my company you look pretty slick
now I was I was the reason I didn't grow
a full beard for the longest time is
that I did thought the mustache would
grow in funky mmm I thought I'd have
like a shitty looking mustache the same
thing same thing yeah yeah so that's why
I didn't for the longest time but I also
hated shaving that so I wanted some sort
of beard so I did that forever and then
one day I just stopped shaving and I
really so mustache grows on okay so you
didn't think extensively about your look
I did not yeah or my branding your
branding they look like branding books
what they call a happy accident yeah
same with the hair too actually
they fucked up my hair one day oh yeah
yeah which is cuz I just wore it kind of
messy yeah and how do you fuck up messy
but they did and so I was like the only
thing I can do is just kind of coma to
the side it was like how this looks okay
and so I just kept it you fucking
bastard
your fucking hair if your I can't it's
not my fault oh god I guess I guess I'll
just choose to not know ball no I know
it's not my decision I know it's not
your choice and I'm sorry that was an
outburst and I apologize it's not my
fault - J says do be sandwich since you
mentioned seeing ash vs. Evil Dead some
time ago would you said it's blatant CGI
Gore effects are determined to the
quality of the show they're not great
but there's still a ton of practical
effects - so it's not completely relying
on CG for which there's a ton of
practical gore and it's not the most
expensive show I'm sure so they do what
they got to do the CG stuff stands out
CG blood always stands out always but
there's there's plenty of wonderful gory
practical stuff - so can't wait for
season 2 I can't wait for season 2 it
looks pretty great I'm not a mess hey J
says anonymous anonymous what do you
think about doing a review on the blade
series I think they would be very
interesting and fantastic choices that's
a wonderful idea we may do that that
might happen because you didn't you
never got back to me I just assumed you
you didn't want to do it so I told them
my idea oh they already know jack did I
dream that you asked me to if we should
do a review on blade and I just
completely forgot that you would email
me about it and I was like but it was in
my brain somewhere oh sure sure and I
just figured you're like Blaine who
cares about blades I just like you know
so I tell them I was like here's my dumb
idea for and we're definitely talking
about some motherfucking blade bloodbath
J have you seen the babadook yeah it's
good I don't think it's great some
people really love it but I think it's
very good and I like everybody hates the
kid they think the kids annoy
and I'm like all kids are annoying yeah
it's an accurate portrayal of a kid in
that movie is that I could a lead in it
yeah it's about a it's it's the both the
performances are great the mom and the
kid it's about the single mom and her
kid and they're they're great knit and
they're babadook it's it's horror that's
based in character which is the best
kind great rich if Jack asked you to do
a prereq for a Teenage Mutant Ninja
Turtle style mutant game where you have
to pick and and animal no anonymous no
jjak rich when are your birthdays so we
can send you bad homemade gifts no right
for the record that there are Teenage
Mutant Ninja Turtles game and you
couldn't play as one of the turtles it
can go fuck itself the real thing was
you have to pick an animal human hybrid
character which animal would you choose
well it would be the turtle human hybrid
it would be one of the midget turtles or
I'm not interested in the game that's
the easy answer you just not fun tired
and sad J now that it's been three years
what are your thoughts on the Arrested
Development's season for Netflix um I
think I liked it more than most people a
lot of people didn't even give it a
chance
cuz the first episode is terrible yeah
fourth season I remember watching that
it'd be like oh no I thought I got
better I thought it was ambitious in the
the storytelling the way it had all the
different storylines that sort of
connected and yes it was it was
ambitious so I didn't hate it I didn't
think it had the magic of the the
original series but I haven't revisited
it I just watched it when it originally
came out but I don't know I didn't I
didn't hate it the way everybody else
did I thought I had some funny stuff I
liked all David Cross's stuff with the
with Maria Bamford and the they're
fantastic for street costumes and I
thought that was good it like it was all
really fun ideas and it just wasn't
executed as pitch-perfect as the first
three seasons yeah it was a little
sloppy it was a little loose loser
it was debt yeah it wasn't a statement
part yeah but I didn't hate it the way a
lot of people seem to
tired incense is Jay when will you
switch to Premiere Pro and then quit
Final Cut Pro forever
tomorrow Morrow great Jay says Elvis
Elvis you since you and I have very
similar tastes and seem to agree on
everything but Blade Runner
have you seen sallow
I have seen sallow s alo
sallow 120 days of sodom porn it's a
Pasolini film you guys are making shit
up off the spot I mean it's porn if you
like movies about torture where they
force people to eat human shit got a
Bible porn taking place and like Sodom
and Gomorrah Bible porn he's not Bible
porn
I'm sure there has been biblical porn
before I put that there has to be
biblical porn um
Oh as far as Solow goes yeah it's it's
well-made it's not for me it's pretty
gross okay I haven't seen it in like
like 13 14 years I'd have to revisit it
and I don't have any urge to do that
anytime soon you know you mean it's not
for me even though it's pretty gross not
for me because it's pretty right yes
exactly
oh my god gross stuff but I remember
that movie just being off putting my
whole my whole J world view was almost
thrown completely out of MCC one that's
seven oh one of the D did you guys ever
watch the directors original ending of
extra no no no I don't think I knew
there was one oh it's on YouTube and I
think it's a better fit for the movie
rather than the alien ish ripoff that
was the theatrical ending no I don't
know anything about this tired and sad J
as you are the only one who has seen
this in this room is Jared Leto the
worst cinematic Joker yeah I think I say
that in our episode no he absolutely is
great I can say that I haven't even seen
but look who your faul I mean maybe he's
well you can't even say he's better than
the Cesar Romero cuz that's such a
different tasteless and and Cesar Romero
is great for that version of the Joker
is this healthy in the long run because
no cuz cuz now the next person isn't
living up to Heath Ledger the next
person is living up to Garibaldi all
they have to do is be better than
Jarrell yes was this actually a stroke
of genius we're gonna write this one off
they just hit the old reset button they
lost some of their save work yeah but it
was worth it
oh my god could you like maybe he wasn't
even supposed to be in this no we don't
want him to be in this first Batman
movie but we definitely want him in the
second Batman movie but we can't have
them be compared to - Heath Ledger what
will make us will be a suicide - I will
stick with Joker in there
I'm terrible Joker you know terrible
version of the Joker who's a pretentious
actor that'll take themselves so
seriously he'll come off terrible I just
googled that exact sentence and I got
Jared Leto and then we recast him
interest in the ben affleck batman movie
will skyrocket
honestly will when they talk about that
like after this batman movie comes out
with Deathstroke did you see that no no
oh yeah I saw the villain in the in the
affleck batman movies Deathstroke that's
a really good choice i don't know
anything about destro Deathstroke is
like murderous batman okay kind of you
know I thought I thought Batman in the
new DC movies is murderous Batman
doesn't that throw that off okay so
imagine Batman all the skill of Batman
Detective karate all the karate like
three kinds of karate but more skilled
because he's got superhuman reflexes
okay yeah and healing so he's Batman
with mutant superpowers that is better
than Batman in every way and uses guns
which Ben Affleck also yeah this is just
Batman now in these movies but I'm still
a good choice yeah yeah I agree
any thoughts
yoga homers it looks like the worst
thing ever that's my thoughts on it
great it looks terrible and that's
coming from someone that actually kind
of like tusks did you see that interview
with Kevin and Harley Quinn Smith
recently it was one of those awful like
cookie Oh is this something I think they
were both crying or something watch the
heartfelt interview I have heard
something about that I didn't see it he
was talking about that little scene with
her in tusk yeah there's a scene with
her and the and the girl Johnny Depp
stuff Johnny Depp's daughter in tusks
and he said that directing you
reinvigorated my love of directing
because and then I made yoga hosers it's
like because directing you and that you
finally got to see me like do something
and like what like what kind of father
are you is like that's it
I'm getting the impression that he has a
very weird relationship with his
daughter yeah yeah yeah maybe I don't
know it's a weird guy yeah a weird guy
like a like a - overly emotional
relationship with his daughter no no I
see they seem weird gonna jump back a
little bit okay
Deathstroke okay
Deadpool is a parody of Deathstroke
okay Deadpool his name is Wade Wilson
Deathstroke character that came out
years before Deadpool Slade Wilson
okay that's interesting yeah that's
right yeah and Slade Wilson is a
mercenary I'm like a like an assassin
and yeah okay and has super strength and
healing power okay humor but no oh no
he's very serious he's very very serious
uh last one we have made it to our last
tip Jay have you seen the 1977 no boohoo
obba yashi film house oh yeah house is
great
the
that one the ladies not the 80s one this
is a Japanese film oh oh it's it's some
of the most bizarre visuals you will
ever see in a movie I own it on blu-ray
okay how house is wonderful house is a
great party movie where you put it on
the background like at a Halloween party
or something and people just catch a
random moments from it and they're like
what the fuck
yeah houses house is goofy and batshit I
actually got to see in the theater I saw
a 35-millimeter print of it a few years
ago also have you seen pang goos thing
it's claymation pow yeah yeah Pingu
Pingu Pingu the little claymation
penguin oh I know pink oh I don't hate
that piece someone made pingu meets the
thing oh yeah yeah that's wonderful that
pingu's annoying little fuck ass like
people who came to Netflix a little
while ago and the kids love them I
fucking hate that stupid thing he goes
like well you can watch it yeah yeah
well you got to watch the the thing
version of pingu's I see violence yeah
it's very violent if it kills pingu I
will watch it
Thank You Elvis Delos now is the point
of the stream in which we thank all of
the people who have subscribed to us
during the stream let's do that stew 91
sixteen months in a row the real vein
and the reboot Vance is ten months it
feels like it's only been nine spooky
Dookie twenty fucking months in a row
the devil is my hairdo
welcome leftover beefcake 22 fucking
months in a row leftover beefcake says
can I request that my sub money only go
towards good at games
nope we're gonna buy shit all the time
mr. grape I root ass
welcome humberto Cabbage Patch
re-subscribe for 20 fucking months in a
row humberto Cabbage Patch says probably
my last dream for a while I'll try to
stay up cut up thanks in advance for the
left Kimber doll pen is Jesus you
probably you kept that was that was one
lowercase letter away from being epic
but it wasn't to be
yes you probably it was intentional you
probably can't do that's probably a
lowercase L actually that's probably a
lowercase L because you probably need a
penis and he does Jesus said penis don't
care the laziest non-communist 20
fucking months in a row and the lazy
non-communist says how high for the
record penis Jesus penis Jesus if you
can only do the lowercase L in penis
make all of the other little letters
capitalized except for the lowercase L
there you go that's how you doing back
back when AOL was the thing in chat
rooms I would used to like get he gonna
make like extra AOL names take
somebody's name and I would I would
clone it like that way if they had it
like an uppercase I sure and I would
show up in chat rooms and fuck with them
when I was a much younger more immature
me oh the more innocent days the
Internet Oh AOL chat rooms where
everyone's a lesbian now you guys didn't
do that to the little lesbian chat rooms
and pretend to be a lesbian and you were
probably talking to another teenager the
laziest non-communist 20 fucking months
in a row I already said that the laziest
non-communist is Huy Huy paisa that
already I did that one
hey how about a show tow man protoman
welcome chaos
14:28 chaos I lost my job this week so
might be my last summer I just wanted to
say thanks my thanks
for making my week suck a little less
love you guys
go fuck yourselves yeah you went on your
feet man you'll be fine you'll be fine
chaos take it take some time off from
subbing gets on your feet you monster 17
months in a row you monster says grow
your beard back rich you monster you
monster influence and enforces for
months once again here's hoping I don't
find gainful employment in the next four
weeks so it can be five months well well
if you don't find gainful employment
why don't you pan why don't you throw it
chaos his way if you find it again for
Howcast he's looking we're making
connections happen here you know what
you're doing you're you're networking
here when you're on a prereq stream ion
eyes and I says longtime fan thanks for
the laughs our Miller thirteen months in
a row our Miller says not to get too
political but thanks for doing what you
do for hours that what you do and for
hours of sensible laughs sensible am
sensible apps are they sensible some of
them okay some of them are I trying to
think what was that danger team danger
seven is sensible chuckle he's reading a
magazine called sensible chuckle and he
goes he goes so accessible why are you
chuckling at it it's a sensible chuckle
it's it's it's a chuckle that's not too
extravagant and not too quiet it's a
perfectly sensible chuckle that was not
a sensible chuckle that was a short Oh a
horrible glory 22 fucking months in a
row a horrible glorious is two more
months until I get my pyrite level
membership status thanks guys pyrite is
all right with me a horrible glory
dr. soya neighs 17-month Saru
dr. soy this is Jay thanks for reviewing
Blair rich I had flashbacks to watching
it the day
after opening a bootleg VHS tape with 10
friends and a rundown Shack through a
dark haze of cigarette and pot smoke
probably the best way to have to it's
probably the best way to have
experienced that movie Oh
let's go god hi watching it an old Shack
that's something I didn't mention when
he said bootleg that reminded me of it I
didn't mention this in our review when
the movie was in theaters and it was
popular I knew a guy that knew a guy
that knew a guy that had a VHS bootleg
of it review that I got a dub of but it
was the Sundance cut mm-hmm and it had
all this different footage that wasn't
in the theatrical cut and isn't in the
deleted scenes on the DVD interesting
yeah I wish I still had it cuz I've
never seen it pop up online anywhere and
it had all this different footage
there's especially I remember there's a
lot of stuff early on like before they
get into the woods
it was the original version Sundance of
them they cut down I think they move
some stuff around or something there
yeah I only remember it from when I saw
it whatever in 99 mm-hmm skeleton bill
thank you for subscribing this new
subscriber this new subscriber says
something clever and heartfelt yeah I am
got cosmos gesture 17 months in a row
cosmos gesture says 217 more months of
great entertainment
great well great quality sends a
sensible entertainment right here where
is he going for the somebody with the
other sense of entertainment well I come
only soon like after he leaves here he
finds the great entertainment oh oh is
that the precursor well you know I guess
you know what we talked about like a lot
of good movies and TV shows here so then
he goes and watches he kills time more
like a better streamer
yeah that's it Kosmos jester nope
how about cosmos jester yes that makes
way more sense
that's how about that's the thing you
just alright fucking hell hey what you
read what Cosmo is just yourself yeah
you mean cosmos yes let's find out if
there's a glitch in the matrix
Kosmas gesture says 17 Morrie month of
IU's retainment great terrible vice out
though they're both eyes out says
watched the hit in 1987's with movie
dicks and we highly recommend it stars
Kyle MacLachlan
oh great well van Dyken and the ending
is wonderful wait it's called the hidden
yeah
the hidden its a alien that jumps from
body to body oh it's good
great Jimmy jazz 32 jazz D 30 to assess
and reg you know the name Reginald snare
Reginald Reginald the original and Kroy
SK 23 fucking months in a row
thank you all for subscribing we really
appreciate it
it's true we really do do we have
anything clever to go out on okay so
