Episode 630
Eff Tee El (Part 1)(Rich Solo)
October 4, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=joOsp55-ohU
___________________________________________

so presumably we have started Oh is
everyone doing today I hope you're
having a fine day I am soaking wet
because it's raining like cats and dogs
here just the the trek from the car to
the door got me is just just fucking
soaking wet it's it's
unfuckingbelieveable Zelda to what why
does everyone bringing up Zelda to be
somewhat but not entirely shitty Zelda
game that is bizarrely different from
its predecessor babyface rich yeah I
know I instantly regretted i'm probably
going to start growing something back
but them's the breaks jack is running
late tonight I told me was gonna be
running late it's gonna be some time
after eight and I don't want to start
too late it and feel like starting too
late so just say you know what Jack I'm
gonna start streaming you could join me
later and someone's segment is beef I
have it unlocked on this particular hard
drive will do that will do that I don't
know if I do wish ships less skinny a
list i think i just have a on this one
not that I else would suck systems only
got the two person transporter it's a
crock of shit it's a crock of shit is
what it is where's my trusty keyword I
don't manage ship or different ship what
we want
playing hurt you know what it's been a
probably nine room two long months it's
been months since i played I'm not I'm
not jumping right into hard that would
be insanity a different ship different
ship I've seen a lot of slug ships oh my
god I don't believe I have a slug ship
right now we got stealth we got Zoltan
we've got Lenny asst yes I have the twat
sure going first things first I need a
ship
24 Zoltan a lot of zoltan's froze over
why not why do I have fucknut and an
honor of the weather the flood we're
going with the flood all right and crew
see watcher should have a randomizer
which we will use
um let's say
subs and mods we're going to pick
between subs and mods poopdick poop did
5079 you are a lucky winner see I've got
a left of UK it made our washer and
that's going to it's going to randomize
her it's kind of neat I could pick babes
it's none of this who said what first
shit and poop dick
okay who is next chinna leg 35
and our final whoever from our starting
crew mag Magnus PU right that's what
we're rolling with Danny left tail let
me see the bottom of the screen
Magda's poo whatever it's fine it's all
fine start get out of the way get out of
my way thing on the screen at a sparse
in my face then I moved over oh yeah it
works move it over to the other month
what no came back don't do that come
back it away I'm trying to move you out
of a way there alright so we got a beef
of them Injuns that's going to be a
priority store first off well that sucks
that's rotten luck share its blue oh do
that then I got 50 might need those
fucking will give you a five what I get
oh you repaired my whole my damage this
whole alright our first jump we have
lost five missiles we're at a net loss
people that doesn't bode well for our
for our journey you can't see the bottom
well there's uh it's fine is it's fine
you can't see how many power dubs I got
it's fine I always attack the ship
okay i don't have enough to power that
less sucks
you're doing that backwards hit the
shield's first cuz i might be able to
take the shields up what I want auto
don't you
I switched off oxygen because it was
trying to power up that missile but
apparently I don't have enough juice to
weapons in general to do that
there is no escape my friend all right
well we gained something we should all
be proud
five missiles back for one fuel and then
we only got the laser and a missile
launcher so far not really don't like
giving up fuel I'll do it this time
yeah wasted fucking jumps
hey we got stuff that's got borders at
big fucking oh wait no these are these
are my weakling crew not another
personal but zoltan's are weaklings
that's just the facts you know her
suffocate suffocate die the smell of
death the sweet smell of death yeah
fucking nebula take it away my oxygen
look we all know I play FTL like a
bloodthirsty maniac
there are no there are no friends deep
in space there is no mercy in space
store I got I got nothing good I can't
stop at that store let's see what
happens
nothing oh you're fucking me game you're
fucking me
you
nice
I should do that the other way around
you're going to try and take those
shields up
yes all right now should they have
something decent give me some burst
lasers some flak cannons we have enough
money to buy it now and yeah scrab
alright
oh the ship was so fucking dead so
fucking dead
oh it's handy that's handy
lame
let's see what we got here I don't need
you I don't need you I hate this thing
if it will turn on come on there we go
where's all the things where's old
things
I can't read it if you don't fuck a
display it so I'm trying to read tips
but we're having I'm having issues with
the laptop machete and why all the stuff
got turned off and open it's my tip
thing open there we go Jiminy Cricket
prick bastard says as Mike ever made you
laugh harder than he did with the
manhole joke if so what was it he
probably has nothing nothing I can
remember off the top of my head of giant
spiders leave them alone I mean I've
known Mike a long time we've laughed
about a lot of things nothing specific
that I can recall though jiminy cricket
get cricket prick bastard also says
isn't repairing / upgrading your ship
with parts you salvaged from a different
kind of ship you just blew up kind of
like repairing your Toyota with Parks
from a BMW you just ran off the road
well how do you know we're not melting
it down and and remoulding all the parts
how do you know that huh huh an answer
for everything can't trip me up Jiminy
Cricket print bested all right did
anyone those two distress beacons were
fucking shit I didn't get the blow
anything up and I had to stay away from
danger because they were crappy crappy
things all right we got some stuff from
that one there's better than oven
we are going to desperately need some
other type of weapon rather desperately
when you Jiminy Cricket brick busted
blow that ship up
oh I'm not an auto oh fuck that blue
sorry i thought i had i thought i had
that targeted i did not did not didn't
take much damage
yes jack is had a waffle eating
competition where do you people get this
shit where you get this should I don't
get it
alright
now I can power power those missiles
avoid nebulous like the plague guess so
Oh Jack said that okay okay then maybe
Jack is at a waffle eating competition I
don't know instead of my business what
Jack does lose waffles
a ship shit ship
shit
you prick prick fucking prick
alright let's stop sucked and this is
why we hate nebulous this is why we hate
motherfucking nebulas
because nebulous suck did I read Mad
Magazine yes but I was a kid i read Mad
Magazine I even read cracked from time
to time cracked was a exactly like mad
magazine it's like a Mad Magazine
knockoff years before it was a website
it was like lame mad
anonymous says hey reg it's great to see
you grade shirt you're welcome glad you
like my gray shirt it's so exciting it's
a shed borders
yeah bad luck that
oh well that's important
they all seem dead
alright nanima says where did the tape
from the resident evil half in the bag
with the viking lady singing juggle your
way to health and beauty come from uh I
don't remember if that was a thrift
store fine or if someone sent that to us
that may have been her early someone
sent that to us but I honestly don't
recall we still have it is lying in that
other room somewhere I probably ought to
close my doors and no not yet go back to
the healing room we got to close the
doors close the fucking doors did a
thing you know that thing that closed
the doors thing I'm trying to talk about
I'm carrying it so low for a bit till
Jack and make it here and that's that's
what I got
jack will be here later jack is running
behind he couldn't get here he just
wanted to start later I mean I wasn't
like one think he was supposed to be
here and he's not here no it was like
we're talking about when he's gonna be
free early you know when we wanted to
start he said well I'm probably not
gonna be free to later I'm said well you
know what don't worry about i'll just
get an earlier start show up when you
free all right we probably have oxygen
now
I hate nebulous
all right now mrs. rich tipped a few
weeks ago and asked about the best of
the worst bit you had and you said
everything on best of the worst was
simply made up and not scripted so I
guess Mike really smashed your diabetes
medicine you fuck are are are people too
dumb not to tell the difference between
the opening skipped skiz sketch which by
the way there wasn't a printed script we
would like talk about what we're going
to do ahead of time for that can you not
tell there's a difference between that
and what's going on at the table I
vostro yeah 15 says hey rich I asked
this question at work I thought it would
be interesting to hear your point of
view when was the first time you had non
dial-up internet I remember it like it
was yesterday I don't know was available
one day I think and we we asked to get
it that was it and then we had then we
had non dial-up internet it was great by
the way and you've never had to deal
with a 56k modem count your blessings
those things were horrible but I mean
there's not like a an amazing a dial-up
free story I have it was great it was
great because dial up this is literally
the it's the fucking worst it's the
fucking worst missiles for bas i'm not
using bots so
well I want to get to that store I hope
we'd make money on our way to that store
but this fucking nebulous all suck hey
from the few from future famous person
says is Jack spirit replacing your beard
it looks so badass for now yes I am
probably going to grow mine back or at
least something resembling a beard is we
need to name somebody pick a random
cheddar gobbledygook you have randomly
one
continue crew ship crew DC online is
free dammit
you know who you are you know who you
are DC you would have been 11 letter too
much I don't think it was going to let
me sorry Chen says I just wanted to see
you exasperatedly having to pause the
game and reach over to grab the laptop
awkwardly with one hand for something
not very important hi hey that was funny
I was worth that let me try DC you free
save it save it has room let's got room
yeah DC you free oh oh I must've
miscounted or something are you stuck in
camp blocks where are you not doing that
is a capital letter there you go are you
stuck out of camp watching on it yeah
it's 50
uh jelly nyla says if you take biotin
your hair should grow out faster but it
affects all hair well thank you I'll
just deal with being a bald bastard for
now it's fine it's it's it's fine if I
go to the store with no money to spend
never but I really need a gun dwell what
do I have to sell I got like nothing to
sell then again the flax only flex only
65 writers or is the flack 85 taluk FCT
says here's two dollars for these
something resembling a beard fund and
also the random chatter naming d rigging
fund wow thank you thank you much yeah
is this gonna be a fuckin watching a
burst laser too and I'm going to be
short ol is only as I'll crap
anonymous says I'm sorry I totally
understood the whole scripted thing but
I wanted to see how frustrated you get
at such a stupid question just wanted
you to know that your audience isn't
that stupid go Trump we had it here
first folks all right all right
now that stores there I need to ignore
the station I need money at a decent
laser
now
damn it didn't work out the way I water
now learning is fine
alright that's enough for a decent
weapon should they have one so we're
going to the store
oh you're right i'm not using yeah i got
a man the so crew people here that was
dumb
hmm her arm yeah yeah drone control
no I need something that's got a week in
shields hacking if i could get hacking
that'd be great don't have any of those
things for me all right you're finding
you stupid you're horrible stop yeah
and oh yeah arrest remember what can be
man that's not a waste shields you don't
want to put zoltan's if you can help it
in a room like piloting like I need to
because there's no one else to pilot the
ship but Zoltan and piloting that's a
that's a waste of energy because
zoltan's power something in that room
and piloting doesn't require additional
power just dead Zoltan in there you're
not getting anything extra out of that
same with the dope do ya outdoor sauna
power doors or sensors it's a waste jump
oh no pirates oh no can I take your flak
can you can you give just give me your
flak I'll take it
they're great
that's worth 11
what problems with the audio cable
doesn't seem loose kill them that's fine
that's fine I'll dig it you're not give
me any great tug it's here you suck but
I'll deal with it yes
perfect
game sound is quite as i hear it's craig
dub now
she probably upgrade some stuff wanna
spend too much so it's chi I still need
a weapon that will complement the
halberd actually I need that desperately
right now
mom says hang up the hang up the cliq
habit hang it up daddy or you'll be
alone in a jiff hang up the chick habit
hang it up daddy or you'll be alone in a
jiff okay anonymous's I'd a long day at
work now I get to be stoned and watch
game yay stone difficult times are over
they don't stolen people for things
anymore that's terrible
a mercy not found
classic rich that was terrible I was
trying though I could again I get an A
for effort I get a I got a b-minus for
effort
anonymous says two dollars all for rich
none four Jack two dollars of money
money money now miam money a lot now
thank you thank you very much oh yeah
thank you very much again you can't
grade yourself I just did stop me sure
I'll do your stupid quest that probably
sucks shit shit this is why we need some
kind of burst laser we're gonna be
fucked quickly now unless we can find
something I need something decent to
complement this fucking halberd and it
had to be great has to not suck
we're so fucked
all right we're gonna wait to the fire
go out I don't hear anything that's
probably I'm closing doors that is a
shitty encounter
thank you missiles aren't necessary
there in a day other weapon I have other
than the halberd right now which is bad
and that I can do about that missiles
are I don't know possibly my least
favorite weapon in the game
oh by the way on the YouTube yesterday
you know I thought the the antics are
thing had killed them but I didn't watch
it yet I saw a new episode of Star Trek
oh you fucking you fucking bitch
why would you do that why would you do
that ah Star Trek continues was a well
is I guess it still is I thought it was
dead because of the Star Trek and acts
are fiasco I was a star trek I still is
I guess a Star Trek fan show where they
they kind of make their it's like it's
like if the original 1960s Star Trek had
never stopped and they're like making
more episodes it's done they do them
entirely in the style of the classics
like to the sense done to the lighting
they got what's-his-face Scotty's actual
kid trying to blank on the actress damn
name and I feel terrible about that but
it it's good it's fun it feels like
classic Star Trek and after paramount
kind of squashed Star Trek fan films
that shit I thought the show was doomed
but it looks like they put a new one up
James Doohan Thank You Chad Thank You
Chad
brace 110 you you haven't been watching
our streams long have you I love be some
Star Trek love me some Star Trek
the one from Misbah thermos busters
Grant Imahara Grant Imahara plays Sulu
in Star Trek continues and he's horrible
he's well-meaning but he's absolutely
terrible jazz lab I know you're just
fucking with me can't beat me like that
all right
store because I desperately need some
firepower
nothing nothing absolutely nothing fuck
fuck we're going to die because I can't
find anything better than this shitty
little fucking missile launcher
well there was absolutely nothing
sarcastic about jerking off the star
wars droid
kill those shields kill those shields
fuck my life
Grand Moff Kali says truck ed Truckee
did you ever get into any get into any
of the Expanded Universe esque books
there is the predictable dreck but some
actually good star trek content there I
not ever did maybe I should someday I
don't know but I never did
did rich just say fuck my wife then just
say it
no there is no clown sitting next to
bait
alright everything's healed good give me
a fucking burst laser or something I can
use to defend myself
I need to save my muscles and run I
think
now of course not of course you have
extra slots and your fucking shield so
one doesn't take your shields out of
course of course
and of course that laser is not going to
charge up fast enough they're going to
fix their shields they could be
impenetrable yeah you're going to die
with dignity for what that's worth
kabbala gut says wrench have you ever
read the Star Trek next generation and
expand on in the early 90s called Planet
X and it's storm says there is an
uncanny resemblance between Picard and
Professor X that's a cute reference was
that out not only receta that was a
comic book wasn't it I didn't read it
but I remember when it came out I
remember thinking what an odd crossover
in Traverse says also had a very long
day at work now I have a very long
erection because you're streaming flock
my flock also play darksiders if you
haven't okay
hello
we need to see if that's Jack or
somebody else hold up oh that is Jack
the murderer what's going on i knows you
are like jay showing up for something or
other murders rich yeah I'm getting
fucked oh I'm sorry it's typical fcl
that that's a thing that's the thing for
you the drug
