Episode 633
Siiiick Pokemon radiation BURN!! (Part 2)
October 7, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YuGgtdqdobI
___________________________________________

yeah is all I got rich rich what is the
furthest you've ever ridden on a bike
you just trying to get me to read tell
my story from two weeks ago
I can't keep recycling this shit I know
I may have accidentally killed a
five-year-old girl but we've already
heard it gobbledygook says never forget
DC Universe Online on the ps4 is free
you fucks lol gobbledygook cattle prod
my lap rocket better dip my cranny X
retrofit my blinks water marinate my
nether rod and power drill my dude
piston your boinks water got the cooks
for the kill going in for the kill
going in for the kill we're already good
for everyone else I know no you know
what he's stepping up everyone else's
games everyone else has been slacking or
he was too good at the job and it made
it pointless for anyone else to try also
the nose also that not obsess hello rich
and Jack I am watching your stream for
the first time tonight Oh welcome I am
very disappointed Oh
to hear you bad-mouthing me I may have
to smite you with my reality-warping
mind powers Tom C Tom Cruise you know
why cuz he was talking about reality
warping mind powers and so I went to
Scarlet Witch right away and so I was
thinking of what character in the Marvel
Universe cuz that's what she has
reality-warping mind powers and so like
I just want to like wait who in the
Marvel Universe is Tom C wait a minute
am i missing a hero I want to lose my
nerd cred but
mr. Stryver this isn't a tip mr.
specialized malecite thank you guys are
confusing satire and parody Starship
Troopers is a satire of fascism not a
parody that's why there's no wink as it
were a satire doesn't need a wink where
parody does oh yeah maybe well how do
you then what's the difference between a
fascist satire and then just flat-out a
fascist propaganda film what makes it
what makes it a satire what is it that
makes it a satire that's the question
that's the question I think satire and
parody are kind of like rectangles and
squares like some squares or rectangles
but not all rectangles or squares or
something like that I just say it how
over the top it is Starship Troopers
that over the top with the with the
actual fascist stuff as as it gets later
on it does ramp up Robocop is over the
top corporate with the corporate
jackassery and they're treating people
like objects Robocop is clearly over the
top mm-hmm it's Starship Troopers over
the top I know that the action like gore
stuff is over the top or they're
fighting the bugs but is the actual like
fascist propaganda stuff is that
over-the-top enough maybe it's it's
honestly been a while I think I think
ultimately that may be the the chink in
Starship Troopers armor is that it
didn't go far enough to be a proper
satire maybe
maybe they literally wear brown coats
that's a reference though that's not
necessarily satire that's not
necessarily a satire that's that is the
truth right there playing devil's
advocate here for crying out loud
that's very I'm trying to I'm trying to
analyze starship trooper and why it
didn't click with people this is why you
need to do a review of it you have shit
to say about it just some of this one
aspect though I don't have a broad
opinion that's I just need one thing to
talk about then you talk about the movie
that's it that's why I think that's why
I J eventually agreed to do Blade we're
just like oh yeah we can talk about like
all the other comic-book stuff and all
the other movies and David s Goyer like
there's enough to fill
when can I do what with the blanket
machine morroc
I'm sure next time we do a blink a toad
they will let me actually play Plinko I
know that was the joke last time is
maybe your running thing now Jack I
think you're doomed no I'm sure they'll
let I'm sure it'll be fine
yep
devil is my hero says what do you guys
think of the movie Remo Williams the
adventure begins it's my favorite action
movie of all time I wouldn't put it in
any favorites of all time list but she
own might be the best character in
cinematic history and I've never seen it
you've mentioned Remo Williams a few
times now you should see it yeah you
should see it she was great
he makes the film shit I he's got shits
on Barry's shit dog
let me check out damn Barry's proud no.3
one one says no matter how the therapist
and mummy tried hurting her for what
they said was her own good
dee resisted their ow
there they're opening up a book and
reading page five or sentence five page
37 Anonymous's check maybe I finally
caught the half life truth to stream no
I wanted to recommend a peripheral
keypad like a Logitech g13 I prefer it's
a line keys to traditional WASD because
it's more ergonomic and programmable
I've seen those they're the things that
your hand can kind of like rest on and
then it has like keys right here I
wouldn't need to see one I've seen those
before and they look interesting a lot
of them that I've seen they look very
expensive and how expensive is very
expensive Oh like over 50 and like these
number pads that I got on Amazon were
like $8 write that down
this number pad is $1.00 curious to try
new things will make the experience
better and you know what like lately
I've actually just been using the full
keyboard and I've been I've been getting
a lot better at my mouse and keyboard
I'll freely admit that the keyboard is
the worst part of mouse and keyboard it
is it's really tough all about the mouse
it's really tough to be like to move
with the keyboard and your mouse fluidly
if you can if you can transition to
something better than the keyboard half
of that right I'm open to it I'm totally
open to it all right we're looking to it
g13 Logitech g13 anonymous says my
sister got the cool about fire safety
tape on a field trip when she was a kid
it was one of her all-time favorite vhss
I'm new to rlm so you can imagine my
post-traumatic stress disorder when
seeing that on an old best of the worst
I'm sorry I'm sorry for the PSD TD I'm
sorry
one of these you've seen these before
not that particular one see the analog
stick for movement if that's comfortable
on the thumb that would be great
that'd be great I'm done with that hey
van with that hmm all right look into
I'll keep that up and look into uh it
might be weird to get used to
yeah well I'm already in a weird place
just getting used to mouse and keyboard
oh shit shit I'm dying
get out of there mouse anonymous is rich
do you think Truckee should consider the
reboot movies as true trek or they just
deluded action flicks with Star Trek
branding thus should be shunned they can
coexist you don't you don't have to in
order to pick one or the other
I actually think Star Trek beyond was
pretty good
I really like Star Trek fan Kirk was
Kirk and Star Trek beyond I'm so upset
hearing that Star Trek beyond did not do
well box-office wise it was the best one
but it was too late that people had
already had Star Trek fatigue with that
it wasn't Kirk taking risks for the sake
of being a crazy young risk-taker right
it was her pink Kirk and doing clever
things when warranted
and it doesn't have to replace the
regular Trek University they can coexist
it's fine it's fine I don't know I don't
know that the jayjay Trek is gonna have
much of a life beyond the the movies
they're making for it anyway
no yeah you can't use a gamepad for
movement and a mouse that would be so
weird because then you just have half of
a controller hanging off the the the the
most I enjoyed the steam controller was
one one hand with the analog stick and
the other hand of my mouse it wasn't
that bad but then that totally the issue
was the lack of keys that only limits
you to like two buttons besides which is
why you might want that special pad
thing with the analog stick on the side
listen I'll look into prices I don't
know if you can get a comfortable grip
with you know like a steam on your home
like this yeah that might be weird to
use an analog stick like this that might
be weird I don't know I don't know how
the issue is I don't know how
comfortable this would be yeah I'm with
you I would be down for trying okay I'll
look into it Oh charity case has two
Mouse's absolutely that's insanity
you're a crazy man
trader Todd's inch Zee whatever this is
part 1 r1 I was thinking about what I
was thinking about what rich said about
RTS how can't get attached to units
because there aren't enough consequences
for losing units yeah made me think
about do W 1 which is RTS unlike do w2
way to be specific and throw out
acronyms honorable I'm assuming is Donna
war
but that's pure pure guess cure guess
yeah the blue blazes a hollow Voe halav
ooh hooloovoo h oo lol vo is a
super-intelligent
oh my is a super-intelligent shade of
the color blue
page 37 fifth sentence what book what oh
god damn it
maybe phone three on a hollow vu is a
super-intelligent shade of the color
blue it's got to be one of the
Hitchhiker's Guide books which
Hitchhiker's Guide book is that
it's probably not so long and thanks for
all the fish shirt as little boys
it could be restaurant at the end the
universe and it could be mostly harmless
I'm going with mostly harmless is it
mostly harmless by Douglas Adams blue
blaze
let us news so long and thanks for all
the fish takes place mostly like the
first most of that book is just like
fairly down-to-earth schedule I kind of
I like it was a nice change of pace
mmm-hmm the first book I don't think
they had gotten off at that point yet I
don't think I don't think they were
getting that strange yet okay
it's from the scene where is aphid
steals the heart of gold in the first
book it's for the first book well that's
what that's what dark matter says okay
well I know it was one of the
Hitchhiker's goddamnit the blue blade
gave the blue blades give you next you
got it incorrect rich oh please
I was so close enough back so close
enough go fuck yourself
give me a fucking page 37 cents five and
I yeah I figure you know a random book
and I can even get you in the ballpark
that's a few narrative down to the
correct series I think that you deserve
at least two points for that you deserve
at least two point thoughts on pixel
gaming currently I don't know I don't
understand the question mark traitor
Todd zine she says part two always rub
me the wrong way that you are only
supposed to be commanding a few hundred
Space Marines when you can spam them
endlessly even though I was always a
player that was stingy yeah yeah
what your Tigers book has the killer
cricket robots the bad one oh there's a
bad one life the universe and everything
yeah it's terrible
all right life the universe and
everything is what it's called and it's
terrible
No except for bistro Drive it does that
bistro Drive what's that it's a ship
that's powered by the mathematics you
get them with the check at a bistro
sounds great so they can do wacky things
with numbers apparently yeah so the ship
is shaped like a bistro nice bistro
drive is the best thing in that book
everything else is terrible
insert Scylla username here says hey
guys wonder what your thoughts are on
labyrinth fun fact my aunt was the
puppeteer for a Huggle also I'm just
starting doing any tips I shoot all the
things that you know things and have fun
keep moving
always be moving don't stay still yep
and don't be afraid don't be afraid to
get into a fight to move closer to your
enemy because once you kill them you can
take their innards yes the best way to
survive isn't to hide run away it's to
kill the thing that's hurting you yes
just what do I think about pixel art
still I there some good one and bad ones
more ik I've been following i forget the
name i've been following this guy who's
developing a game in his free time and
and he keeps posting pictures and it's
that really dense and intricate pixel
art you know that's very different than
this it's it's like just beautiful
monsters that are that are thousands of
pixels but it still pixel art it's
beautiful there's there's amazing pixel
art and there's you know other heck
frauds say one thoughts on labyrinth
jennifer connelly oh that's my only
thought on labyrinth sure she was a bit
young then yeah yeah just in general
though Jennifer Connelly just in general
that's fair most beautiful woman ever
walk face the earth Jack I think it's
not letting it's fair that you think
that everyone has a different standard
for that no I don't really have many
thoughts on labyrinth I always get it in
my head just because I think I watch
them around the same time Dark Crystal I
always get it confused with Dark Crystal
and Legend
oh yeah legend the Tom Cruise movie with
Tim Curry is the devil and so like those
three movies
the Ridley Scott with Tom Cruise and oh
yeah shit
so like the Dark Crystal labyrinth and
legend get intertwined in my brain and
I'm you know so I don't have many
thoughts if you can look at her in the
Rocketeer and not feel things you are
not human this is tyranny soros rex
that's very true or or you're not
attractive to women
well jealousy i suppose you know what
even as a straight man I'm jealous of
Jennifer Connelly absolutely because
because sometimes I want to be that
beautiful - yeah you're right alright
you know what rich absolutely right
trader Todd zine says part three
oh it's yet then I got a crazy idea
since Space Marine companies are fixed
in their organization
I could calculate what units I would
have at my disposal and make a complete
list of the entire army it sounds just
like a much bigger realtime strategy
game then then it's currently available
I don't know man rich and I aren't big
into realtime strategy so I don't think
we can help a lot with your request for
a bigger realtime strategy game what our
Archon says rich yep person ask you what
kind of animal you want to be what kind
of weapon would you use to convince them
to stop asking you that question ever
again also Jack oxtail is from cows yes
true that's true
thanks Dale sure it was delicious
I'm thinking about the weapon yeah
jyggalag since I know you both are avid
flat-earthers and have you heard the new
there are no forest son or theory going
around Thank You jyggalag I just wanted
to say that I love because I liked it
I'm thinking about the weapon I would
use to convince somebody to stop asking
me the animal question
can it just be a Rottweiler ironically
though the it's hard to it's hard to top
a good crowbar you know sure I'm not
with the classic I'm going with the
crowbar classic I only like a Rottweiler
because like having something like that
near you means that they're not even
gonna get close enough to ask you the
question whereas like a crowbar they can
still get within swinging this it's not
asked yeah but then you get that that
satisfaction you get to get in there and
get dirty
with the crowbar mmm-hmm again you get
that catharsis you don't get that with
guns says the person who's never shot a
gun give me a crowbar made of titanium
and catharsis and I'm good ah you know I
think there's plenty of catharsis to be
hand in a gun but I just like the idea
of like an animal that will just keep
them from even getting close enough to
you to ask you in the first place that's
no fun it's it's poetic its poetic but
it's not as satisfying I guess having
all the foot horrible so I guess there's
want to be the Rottweiler that oh no you
finally answered the question
for anyone wondering I'm sure everyone
has kind of figured out what I'm doing
this this Pokemon which is a new Pokemon
it's been a while since I've run into a
new Pokemon has the harden ability which
means he can raise his defense and I
don't want to kill him
I just want to lower his health enough
to catch him in a pokeball but he's now
raised his defense high enough where
it's it's it's hard for me to lower his
health so it's just been rich you you
don't even kill flies but but I have a
very dark sense of humor so Mary Thomas
says to attempt an understanding of
Madiba what understand without
understanding his mortal enemies the
heart the heart Conan's
is two attempts seeking truth without
knowing falsehood sup doom
that sounds doom but to attempt an
understanding of Mordy without
understanding his mortal enemies the
Harkonnen the heart Conan's yes
definitely doing its to attempt seeing
truth without knowing falsehood
I don't know what your doom bug is just
like 8000 that's totally doing doom not
doom mo do you any know the one with the
sandworms gobbledygook says work them
tips and then he's got a thing with
gaming keyboards links which I'm gonna
open I'm gonna say the gaming keyboard
thing gaming keypads so much stuff here
a minute
oh yeah Razer has a bunch of stuff sure
hmm that's deep you know I think some of
them like you move the whole thing with
your hand
am I looking - oh shit look at that one
no it's Jerome oh it's got less Keys I
know it's got fancy glowing but it's got
more buttons over here more thumb
buttons it's got some buttons rich I'd
like to not take my thumb off the
movement keys fair enough
or the movement stick in this case the
movements dick Annamma says hey guys
need some advice I'm getting ready to
enter into it enter into an arranged
marriage with a nice girl the only
problem is I found out she has HIV my
parents really want me to go through
with it
question mark question mark question
mark question mark if it's an arranged
marriage and you you're not in love with
this person don't go through with it
cuz that's if this is honest if this is
an honest question sure I'm going to the
sake of argument I'm going to assume it
is no I don't that's that's a that's a
fucking huge fucking lifelong commitment
yeah marriage is a lifelong commitment
HIV with a complete stranger
yeah I would say just don't go through
with it
but I don't know that I even believe the
story but for the just just in case
that's my honest answer well you did you
just have to know how much you you are
into that person because you know even
arranged marriages you yeah you meet and
are introduced to the person before your
marriage before you married and so if
you have feelings for this person and
think you can spend the rest of your
life with this person go for knowing
though like you with HIV your chances of
having a child without HIV is very
little like your chances of a long
healthy life is very slim
you know weight of pros and cons there
man how into the relationship are you
and if and if you're having doubts
enough to ask to people who play video
games on the internet for advice you
might be doubting you know better than
attending horribly later what I mean
going through with the marriage than
being unhappy and then regretting it and
then having it get ugly absolutely take
your time take your time wait till it's
right they just want rich to say hey
probably probably probably I figured
that boy you know what you tell you you
wanted to answer it seriously it wasn't
it wasn't phrased very comically no so
just in case I decided to handle that
seriously I'm sorry
cuz arranged marriage exists they still
do absolutely I have a couple friends
yeah yep a couple friends from from
India and they you know they they have
been paraded around both sexes you know
that parade you know the the parents
they parade around the men they parade
around the women they try to find they
yeah yeah that's just their culture and
you know they say that arranged
marriages have an incredibly high
success rate as far as divorce is
concerned because that's the culture
yeah they have a bathe in places with
arrangement HIV is a commitment that's
fuckin well it's not just a commitment
like it also limits the things you're
able to do yeah with with your with your
partner limits the family that you might
want it limits a lot of things that's a
lot to ask of somebody if you're not
actually in love right to begin with
yeah but if you are then then then you
might consider that yes what is what is
uh what is Dan Savage stated like if
Karen got AIDS through like some kind of
like botched transfusion I wouldn't dump
her right right of course not the the
price of admission
according to love columnist damage dan
Savage is it worth the price of
admission in this case the price of
admission
AIDS or HIV which is in HIV or AIDS I
forget
my question is how did she get HIV
that's a fair question I mean that's not
for us to ask who cares how she got it
maybe she was doing aid work aid work
thanks
she held hands with somebody who had
AIDS trader of top trader Todd's each
one says hard for oh Jesus
I would play the dark crusade campaign
with a list of units by my side I would
pause the game and strike out for unit
whenever one would die well that sounds
awfully tedious because real-time
strategy games aren't designed for that
kind of shit
whereas turn-based games actually are
designed for that kind of shit and you
can't play an RTS like pausing it
constantly makes it the same as a
turn-based game no they're there they
work differently I'm sorry I'm sorry and
I know this person is just fucking with
me now but I had to say that one would
die and I succeeded got sloppy with the
last level but nobody doesn't par 5
that's a par 5 Jack that's a par 5
that's fine
Caucasian Gary says howdy jack and rich
sending ten Canada bucks to celebrate my
first time watching live while legally
being able to drink
hey welcome my Wi-Fi is so slow I'll
probably miss you reading this oh fuck
my Dookie hole that's fine thank you
hopefully depending on what part of
Canada you and I think right now is the
there's a big Film Fest in Canada
happening mm-hmm a lot of a lot of films
being showed siting stuff is going on in
the way of the cinnamon Canada traitor
Todd zine says part 5 o sheep in the end
the casualty list was not bad except the
survival rate for veterans 26 / 40
assault veteran 16 / 30 and Scouts 13 /
30 otherwise but otherwise regular
Marines were 149 / 180 and tanks were 11
16 sounds very exciting
I can't wait does not play for one or
two trader Todd zj-- says part six final
Wow last part dreadknots yes and i like
yes we'll try again without saves and
with other handicaps if it's happening
cuz last cut scene in game mentions 100
Marines I could have used dumb wiki
failed me okay you said all those things
those things we appreciate a Tomic
mousetrap says seriously though monkey
but monkey Butler or gorilla show for
sure fur refer the gorillas uniform
comes with a flat cap gorilla shiver
from the monkey Butler well the girls
ship furs going to hit you killed either
by crashing the fucking car because it's
a gorilla or by crushing your skull
because it's a gorilla you have to
assume
a gorilla chauffeur knows how to be a
chauffeur and just like you have to
assume that it's a fucking gorilla I'm
gonna sue it can't drive so what you
would rather have a monkey do rockin
around your house it's better than dying
in a car accident caused by a gorilla
who doesn't know how to drive a car then
just lock him in the car you don't need
to get chauffeured anywhere I am
assuming that a gorilla chauffeur knows
how to drive and a monkey Butler knows
how to bump you're gonna have to take
care of that gorilla sooner or later and
I don't know any zookeepers that's okay
I know some people with rifles Harambee
uh no of course gorilla chauffeur that's
the the American dream now is to have a
chauffeur that's why we like automated
cars all anyone wants is a chauffeur the
rib Steele says is we're hammer
vermintide on your sunday list no it's
not the sci-fi version of Warhammer it's
not an RTS it's a first-person stabber
set in the Middle Ages
oh man key Germany fighting mutant rat
men I don't know what first-person
stabbers I usually don't want to over
melee melee in the first person that's
tough yeah so here here we have rich you
see this Frankie I forgot you're playing
this that is just a Pokemon that is not
a different name that is not a different
sprite that is not a different anything
that is a straight they left their
favorites maybe whatever I give the Flex
great
Daniel from SL says pyrite is not right
with me perfective it don't get the
bitches you see gold is better makes
pussy wetter so pyrite is not right by
me okay I like the second person I'm
gonna push
trader Todd zine says no was not messing
with you just telling about my excessive
dirtiness it's fine it's fine you enjoy
the game that you like and that's fine
we make fun of people and things and all
the time it's fine
everything everything fine it's just
you're gonna have a your fight now
uphill fucking battle if you want to get
me interested in an RTS pill battle mmm
thank you for your paycation that last
trip says i love you so much rich thank
you you're welcome
just for just for being you and a
politician oh you're welcome
you can't point never points point
pointing is rude use your whole hand or
like I've always been a fan of the thumb
in fists point because somehow like it
shows I used to have a pencil in there
or something no well that was Bob Dole
because he had the weird hands oh yeah
he had like the the gimpy hands yeah
yeah but like I've always thought this
is weird like you're just pointing a
fist in someone it looks good like when
they're on TV yeah but if you think
about the mechanic like just you know
you know it's fine it looks good on TV
straight eyes it's never straight up
right it's definite just out here yeah
pointy because pointing is rude they
don't do it like look over there while
doing this they don't do it exactly
exactly
gamer child UK says speaking of gorillas
what are your thoughts and Hammurabi's
murderer if I couldn't okay they had to
he was he was mulling a three-year-old
child they made the right intentionally
or not he was balling a three-year-old
child and you know what the humans life
comes first they made the right call and
then they tried to appeal to the
Internet's humanity and just be like
listen we loved this monkey we were
caring for this monkey and now he's a
joke to everyone they're not making fun
of the zoo they're making fun of the
people who are outraged Oh still but
like the zoo is still like this monkey
like zookeepers I am told genuinely care
about their animals yeah of course they
might hope so right you don't work at a
zoo because you hate it exactly and so
like poor this poor zoo was just like
stop stop making fun of our girl you
know or stop like making our gorilla
thing because we we lost our gorilla and
then you know the Internet's is full of
dick bags the Ridulph still says it's
the only first-person stabber I know
with smooth gameplay and most of the
weapons are big fucking axes slash
swords with big sweeps also it's fun to
kill a city of Master Splinter's know
like Master Splinter
you don't want to kill master master
suppose this guy
g-man Harmon says hijack and rich hello
just wanted to thank you for all you do
and to let you know I enjoyed space cops
so much I named my salt and sanctuary
character Holden after the joke in the
scene with chiki chiki chiki chiki likes
chips it's great first time I've seen
his name in print it's why I had a
stutter jjigae GK who like chips Oh jig
like guy says if you're curious it's
about half normal Pokemon and half a new
Pokemon well you know what they might
have had a case against Nintendo for
fitting them down if it was a whole new
pokemon but yeah if this just
straight-up has real Pokemon in and come
on guys tell me you ran out ideas you
ran out of Pokemon ideas it's a fan
thing they wanted to keep the ones they
like you can I guess whatever like
that's that's the real joy of like the
pokemons is seeing all the different
stuff seeing all the new stuff Holden
how is this different from Star Trek fan
films then this isn't it isn't we
written I invert and I both agree that
the Star Trek fan film should not be
charging they shouldn't yes yeah yes no
I love me some Star Trek continues then
I don't know if they managed to work out
a deal with Paramount III it looks like
they had a new episode posted the other
day a Star Trek continues really yeah
maybe they're not dead
what it'd be great yeah by me has
anybody heard anything about Star Trek
continues like did they did they manage
to work something out with Paramount or
are they just tempting fate by releasing
yeah that's the thing Jenna fan it like
it looks like they're a real Pokemon in
here so yeah of course Nintendo would
take that down Siberia skirt you're
saying they aren't charging they're free
this is free so why I intend to win the
right and paramount CBS not I I never
said that endo was in the right for
banning this I never made that claim I
don't think I did either I'm sorry if
that's like if it seemed like no
Nintendo is perfectly within their right
to ask the creators of a Pokemon game
not to put out a Pokemon game I don't
mind that they made it though I think
Nintendo's just I don't know what the
but it's it's tough like we're reaching
this point with Nintendo and with Star
Trek like Star Trek we just had the 50th
anniversary where it's like you've been
part of the culture for so long
you should let your fans do your fan
thing also with the creators of this
with some simple palette swaps and some
name changes they could have charged for
this game if it is a full Pokemon game
so it's just shocking to me that they
wouldn't want to like change a few words
and call it pokey man you know poke the
man or whatever no Nintendo and and
paramount are perfectly well within
their right Nintendo kind of hash to for
precedence I get that
I'd get that but I'm not personally
offended by this well neither am i
personally offended by the the Star Trek
series yes it's just you know the only
problem with Star Trek fan films that
antics are pushed it too far and
Paramount had to do something their hand
was forced I don't know this is hurting
Nintendo's bottom line in any way shape
or form no it's not but again they do
have to set precedent and it they called
it pokemon uranium you can't you fucking
if you can't do that man you cannot do
that
companies have an obligation to protect
their IP absolutely they do
perhaps a fucking lutely they knew
Jennifer as Jedi fan for 21 it's fine
that they had a crowdfunding campaign to
get funds but I mean paramount recently
put down the the clamps on Star Trek fan
films especially said essentially saying
you couldn't do it you couldn't do at
least what Star Trek continues is doing
how are they still doing it right
Star Trek continues calls itself Star
Trek and legally is covered under fair
use I know that it is that I'm not sure
that it is that sounds like a stretch of
fair use yeah I don't know anything
about Star Trek continues is what I
would say but you never know much one
their quality yeah their quality like
I've seen some Star Trek like fans stuff
before and it's always like yeah so
watch the mirror universe one mm-hmm
it's it's quality okay I'm gonna get
like you remember remember the mirror
episode of the original series probably
not I didn't watch that much easier than
others
oh my god yeah all right all right well
then that won't mean anything to you
they do like a what happened right after
on the the evil Enterprise I'm an I'm a
next-gen guy I started watching with the
next-gen ok about you I don't care about
you know of course Star Trek continues
doesn't count as parody only child it's
not a parody it's not a parody and I
don't believe it's a commentary on Star
Trek it's not for educational uses look
I love it and I would love to see more
of it I'm just not sure legally it's
fair use I I'm gonna go ahead and say
you're right rich again I don't know
anything about it but and as much as I
think it would suck it is ultimately
Paramount's IP yeah and if they put the
they decide to put the fuck down as much
as that would suck legally I think that
might be their call absolutely
yeah that's absolutely their call rich
is there anything that still gets you
excited what I mean what somebody asking
me this
oh I think just in general like is there
any is there anything I can only assume
they mean pop culture-wise well I was
excited when I found out there was a new
Star Trek continues because I thought it
was bad because paramount coming down
and FanDuel it what are you looking
forward to coming up rich what are you
looking forward to anything I'm looking
forward to Luke Cage yeah I know not you
I am I am looks great ash vs. Evil Dead
Season 2 eventually stranger things
season 2 oh yeah oh
oh yeah new black mirror new orphan
black - coming out and I'm excited about
then future famous person says nice
review Jack hey you you should consider
doing one on a video game movie also
gobble me hook burp my baby Hyde McCain
case my sausage and rich my Evans
hahahaha your stink on my dink nice you
know I have some things to say about
video game movies but not a whole lot I
could talk about Super Mario Brothers
movie for a while
shit Doug hey it's all about the
Washington oh that's so sad
says is josue is Josh replacing
undertale will you ever finish off
undertale no will you ever finish off in
quotes Josh the guy looked pretty
stressed out during the last review all
I'm saying oh I get it we just I just
saw Josh last night and he was talking
about streams
I was like man any time you want to come
I like I know he works a lot now and so
he's that man is just busy but he knows
he is invited here any time and I made
sure to devil tell him that he was
invited here any time Lana says friend
got a GF eight years older than him 30
girlfriend yep well I thought that was
obvious I need to elaborate on that I
didn't I didn't pick up friend got a
girlfriend yeah eight years older than
him 38 years older emotional wreck Kai's
Christ constantly about getting older
family treats are like a 12 year old
insane mom friend is dumb what would you
do if you were me sorry but your friend
live his own life be there for your
friend if your friend needs you tell him
calmly what you think is wrong with a
relationship why it might not work and
then let him make his own decisions in
life yeah and and be there if your
friend needs you but you know also like
don't go out of your way for your friend
if like if they're getting you know
sucked in to the to the situation you
got to let them fail it's the most
powerful lesson let them fail fuckin
manky
people have done worse things to ruin
their life than dating a woman who was
slightly older and insecure about it
Loveline with Jack and Ridge that's
right tell us all your problems no it's
fine give us all the dirt only chances
hi rich did you watch the Chicago Bears
lose its sports ball today
the Packers sports bald much better and
one
I'm so happy at sports balls season lol
sport my ball it is sports ball season
that's true I don't really give a fuck
about the NFL I find all the goddamn
Packer fans are totally obnoxious cuz
they can't deal with you not being a
Packer fans so they're typically
assholes yeah other than that I don't
give a shit I know the Bears are gonna
lose every game this year cuz the Bears
fuckin suck that's that's the price of
having Jay Cutler on your team whatever
you're not you're not getting to me with
that
g-shot says hijack and rich hello jack
hi did you ever play the pocket Morty's
app I saw that they made a Rick and
Morty Pokemon game yeah where instead of
catching pokémon you catch different
Morty's and I think I heard about that I
thought it was just a joke I don't know
was an actual oh it's an actor thing and
it's actually supposed to be a decent
Pokemon come on Adult Swim is coming out
with like ooh some pretty good free
games recently I have not played it just
because I have real Pokemon to play so I
don't I don't need no Rick and Morty app
they'll say also oh well fornicate with
my male genitalia oh you know what get
in scientific with it that's fine that's
classier than we've been denied I like
this one look at this thing it's a
little ball with bat wings in a tail
that's great
that's a make a Pokemon you just shove
random shit together just look at that
random shit shove together put a smiley
face on it that's a Pokemon that's great
that's great
Oh Aaron Jim's 15 says I love what you
and the red letter media crew are doing
keep up the good work
what are your opinions of overwatch and
do you think it will be more successful
than tf2 Jack this is a question built
for you well I'm you know what and I
stopped paying attention a little bit
yes what do you think overwatch and will
it suppress you have to overwatch is
great overwatch is a fantastic game will
it will it over Pat you know will it be
more successful
it was the actual phrasing it'll be more
successful than tf2 that's a fair coin
op because there's still a pretty strong
tf2 community really yep I thought it
was dying
it's lost its lost a lot of users
overwatch is trying to bring them in but
overwatch has a problem that tf2 didn't
have which is just getting the users
there in the first place yeah cuz it's
50 bucks because it's 50 bucks I played
it yeah it was mildly fun a bit of a
clusterfuck yeah not to forget my kind
of thing I
you know what if it were free I probably
would have installed it they'd play more
of it yep and they must wait and they
did this weekend is actually for Xbox
one and ps4 is a free weekend yeah
but they they haven't opened up the
servers they won't let cross play you
know like you know with rocket League a
ps4 person can play with a steam person
and that just opens up the user base
just they don't want people bitching
because they're getting their asses
kicked by people using a mouse that's
literally what they said yeah that is a
word for that is word for word what
Blizzard said and I understand that but
you need to you need to open up the user
base and I but it's also so hard when
did tf2 come out fucking 2006 uh-huh so
tf2 is still has a thriving community
ten years after it came out there's no
way to accurately say I personally am
having more fun with overwatch I want
some more maps yeah but I like all of
the different I like all the different
characters rather than the characters
and different abilities seemed a lot
more interesting to me yes
I prefer picking different characters
than picking different weapons in tf2 so
I like a better bud I know it's done
alright it's done well but Brett you
spent $60 on no man's sky
that was a fucking work expense it's not
the same damn thing
tf2 now is not like tf2 2007 right and
the user base has dwindled but they're
still there look up look up steam charts
right now tell me if it's in the top 5
tf2 is probably still in the top 5 games
being played on Steam right now
trader top zine says hey hell no don't
want you to be playing RTS don't you
feel the central appeal anyway want you
to play D down over to isometric action
RPG but it's no biggie what you do
combat is more like Baldur's Gate I
think I might look into it someday but I
guess there's like I really want to get
into Deus Ex and after that I want to
replay the thief's that in my ideal
world that is the order I go in but I
have like a houseguest now who's gonna
be sitting over my shoulder all the time
it's just gonna be weird playing
anything he's there just sitting on the
couch with nothing else to do because I
live in a fucking one-bedroom apartment
right
it's not no one the fuck I would get
around to it but thank you thank you for
the suggestion honnestly oh he's not
watching that'd be weird
Oh there could be great go home I'm
sorry anything just goes pennies on the
street I feel terrible no win there's no
win there's no win rich I'm sorry that
you have been win
is that a bad stress she's not typically
a deadbeat I want to give the wrong
impression they don't know who your
houseguest is you don't you don't have
to say anything may have said something
last room so Oh
how about that I don't know
all right uh the rule of Steel says I
used to work at a zoo a few years ago
and recently I learned one of our
keepers got mauled by a tiger when she
messed up procedure zoo tranquilized the
endanger animal hashtag Hammurabi harp
Harambee yes sir Harambee yeah okay okay
well you you can't keep around an animal
that has experience killing a human
because they might do it again
endangered or not human life is is is
kind of valuable to more so than and
unless the animal is feeding a hundred
humans the human life is gonna win man
that's how is how it works I had a job
at a zoo where I was a fire sprinkler
fitter and I heard a story about a
zookeeper that got castrated by an angry
kangaroo sounds horrible Claude in
exactly the wrong spot sure yeah sure
Jesus Christ that makes my ass hole
puckers rich I'm just thinking about
that I feel uncomfortable at this moment
when in there like during mating season
yeah supposedly was not pretty no no why
why I tell that story because you people
will love animals so fucking much I
think you need to know about how
horrible they could be that's why I like
that story you ever like at videos
online of like Tigers trying to eat
small children through the glass yeah
it's great
Anonymous's love the show
do you like filming outdoors or do you
prefer your inside job and of all the
places in the world would you ever trade
or Earlham is currently centered peace
out you know you don't get it you know
get it oh I guess okay I needed to see
the words what you said I like I kinda
yeah I'm half paying attention and so I
knew I knew you were doing something but
I couldn't hear it right away oh yeah
yeah
alright well we had her are you enjoying
this mindlessness I really have I could
do this I could do this all day
Caucasian Gary's is rich and Jack but
probably just rich opinions on the
system shot games I recently gave System
Shock one enhanced edition of shop and I
have been totally loving it
laugh out loud poopy Dukey fuck my
Cartman that's another one of those
games I should play but haven't system
shot yeah I know you see the second one
I hear is really good
and wasn't um Bioshock kind of like a
spiritual successor to that yeah I know
there's Ken Levine is the common thread
oh okay
yeah didn't play it that was a PC game
right yeah yeah I definitely didn't play
it for one of those I know I should I'll
get around with some day but there's so
many fucking games in this world
Brian chanel says have you guys seen the
Charlie Booker's how video games changed
the world if not it's definitely more
than our of your time I have not seen it
I heard of it what is it who did it how
video games change the world
is it a Charlie Brooker is it a movie is
a web series it sounds like some kind of
documentary is how it sounds
okay great
video games changed the world or
inspector is got a video games period
this man also made Deus Ex to invisible
war and thief 3 so captain jerk says hi
Richard Jack captain
jerk if you could wipe your memory of
one game to experience it for the first
time again what would it be good
question I have I have two thoughts yeah
imagine knowing all you know about video
games now and then playing without any
knowledge of it like Super Mario World
and like you all knowledge of all Mario
games has been wiped out of your brain
okay
mm-hm and you know all the current
modern games and then you play Super
Mario World for the first time again
yeah it seemed pretty bland right yep
but still colorful still like it still
might be considered a good platformer
there's no way of knowing anywhere just
because it's such a classic but the best
games are naturally replayable and you
don't need to have your memory wipe to
enjoy them again in fact perfecting them
in itself can be fun yeah I think going
back to Super Mario World would be
interesting memory erased so you could
just ruin Super Mario World for you
that's all you want to do or it might
make me well you know let's say at the
end of the experiment all memories
return okay okay you know but then you
can think about like how you felt about
that game maybe maybe something like I'd
love to I'd love to go through Shadow of
the Colossus again right and just
remember that all that all I had
oh yeah like um like Wind Waker again
yeah that was a good I actually I just
want I can enjoy those again I don't
need my memory white that was by the way
I was just like Wind Waker I just want
to play again now that I think about it
anyway but the memory wipe is is
redundant well that's why I was thinking
something like Super Mario World
something that's just such a classic
removing that as a classic and playing
that as if it were a new game would be
very interesting black spotted zebra if
you want to re-experience dark souls
again then just fucking play Dark Souls
no no but like I get what I get what
they're saying rich because like we
could play blood-borne now and we know
all the things already but like the
process of learning how to play a game
like that like Dark Souls it's that's a
great experience and I think like
learning how to play blood-borne was uh
was part of the game i I prefer I prefer
perfecting it that comes after I do yeah
I legitimately do yeah I love that
journey man um oh sorry sorry it wasn't
right I was just gonna kind of repeat
what I say it's so good no I lost track
what I was gonna say just say something
to somebody and I'll never remember what
it was oh I'm very sorry it's weird how
quickly that got knocked out of my
goddamn mind
oh god damn I can't find it I'm sure it
might have been an original thought to
which case I'll never remember it we're
talking about Dark Souls we were talking
about you were talking about it for you
it's about perfecting not learning
somebody in the chat but the craziest
speedrun I ever saw was okay craziest
speedrun somebody speed ran crypt of the
necrodancer with Kota you showed that to
me that was the most insane thing I've
ever seen
agreed absolutely insane Kota you can't
miss a beat you can only use the dagger
die in one hit
unbelievable unfuck it white and all it
runs it twice the normal speed yeah
humble
un-fuckin'-believable it almost looks
like it's an animation like you watch
that Dakota see yeah it's like oh they
just programmed it but it's still fun to
watch the programming oh they didn't
program it they played it yeah I think
it was code or whatever the whatever the
final unlockable is encrypted the
necrodancer it's a character the
characters all have different things
going on Nick met Nicholas Mullen once
to know if this game is as fun as any of
the original Pokemon game yeah some of
it like this is gonna sound dumb but
like these Pokemon don't look as cool
you know like that's a circle with
eyeballs and so yeah it's fine probably
evolved into something really cool
that's what I'm hoping that's what I'm
hoping but it plays just the same and so
I'm enjoying that aspect of it I wish
like I don't have a lot of different
Pokemon and I haven't seen a lot of
different Pokemon yet but I can only see
my will later in the game check you know
music that's some musically speaking
what is it Kota
exactly sothey it's something right I
don't know that kind of music that's
that's like sheet music but that is a
thing a coda yeah somewhat someone in
there
who's a real musician John Keeler you
were a musician I forget
we have people here we have people in
chat who are real musicians that can
tell you what a coda is coda is the
ending yes so it's the final unlockable
character and crypt of the necrodancer
sure the name makes perfect sense now no
koto is when you go back to the
beginning I thought that was a refrain I
know nothing
a coda comes at the end and explains the
it okay
coda means tail well
none of us says please do a full prereq
on over lodge and make rich buy it for
work any game that made Jack buy a new
PC and learn mouse and keyboard this
room belongs on YouTube and might get
rich into online gaming there's that
impossible dream online with Richard
rich already has online games that he
likes
oh my rocket League yeah you know if
he's not including that and even then
the community makes me want to stop
playing sometimes sometimes oh and it's
worse for overwatch there's way more
people on Mike's whatever whenever I run
into a dick playing rocket League I just
started playing against my own team I
start playing for the other teams like
fuck this
oh yeah no like and it like every online
community is the same way but you know
what you get that one game out of ten
everyone's working right you're doing
well your team wins you feel fantastic
right
great times I had a great game this
morning I had a great mercy game this
morning I was I was a fucking heal
maniac great mercy game this morning
fuckin love overwatch and that's true
yeah I get overwatch is what made me
want to learn nothing keyboard and get a
new computer because it's so fucking
good do you play rocket League and ps4
or on PC - only PC I'm have it on ps4
Ivan on ps4 I have it on PC as well I
think someone gifted it to me oh yeah
yeah I kind of either I go back and
forth I think I have more stuff unlocked
on the ps4 so I if I had to play it I'd
play it on the ps4 if I had to choose
one button
I have not tried rocket leagues rumble
mode yet that's the latest DLC they had
free oh it's a little warm with rocks on
it and candy is was that one's too
simple for you no I like him okay I like
him he's a Daryl's camera child you
cases hijack and rich hello
I know Mike and Jay today half of the
bag on this movie but what are your
thoughts on Tarantino's the hateful
eight personally I love the film it's
like a western-style clue I haven't seen
it sorry no I haven't by the way I
haven't seen the last two Tarantino
films yeah I haven't seen hateful eight
and I haven't seen Unchained Twingo
jingo jango Unchained and dancing movies
are great and mango was like the old
like do multiplayer service I think
dango yeah I haven't seen either of them
and I feel really bad that I haven't
seen either of them I'm sure they're
gonna be good I know I know they're
gonna be good and that's why I haven't
gotten around to seeing them because I
know once I see them I'll enjoy them you
know everyone's loving Dwayne Dwayne go
yeah ourselves a Dwayne go over here I
like some of these Pokemon like this guy
this guy with the bat wings hmm the tail
that's a goofy one I like him
the winged yo caesarian part says hey
you goose hello what are your opinions
and some of the older adult swim shows
like Aqua Teen Squidbillies etc yep and
have you ever seen any of their creepy
short film creepy short film things
outside of too many cooks I've never
seen any of their short film things
outside of too many cooks too many cooks
was brilliant didn't you watch unedited
footage of a bear I don't think I did
okay what about what about aqua teen
magazine is great action is great
in short doses yes you know it's a binge
watch aquitaine the movie did not work
yeah Christina in the first movie I like
you know what my house guest was
recently was we're watching that I love
the opening yeah the heavy metal is
heavy well let's go to the lobby yeah
yeah no it has a bunch of great bits but
yeah you cannot hold up oh god I like
early early Adult Swim like Aqua Teen
the Sealab 2021 lab I love Sealab
I like Aquitania shirt doses Harvey
Birdman attorney at law I need to watch
it you need to watch our Bieber minute I
need to watch Harvey Birdman III love
frisky dingo yeah yes frisky dingo is
great frisky dingo was the shit yeah
Metalocalypse great Metalocalypse is
great and kind of Adult Swim Venture
Brothers I don't know if it does or
doesn't but Venture Brothers until
recently it was the best show still on
TV but I didn't care much for the last
season it was average it was
disappointingly average and like
Squidbillies have you ever seen
Squidbillies no never
it is if you if you watch even one
second of it you cannot turn away and
it's not good and it's not bad it's just
constantly strange enough to hold your
attention okay and I find myself a lot
of times like you know if I'm watching a
different Adult Swim show and if
Squidbillies comes in it's like I guess
I'll turn it off and then I just watch
the rest of the episode because it's so
fucking weird and I guess Rick and
Morty's Adult Swim Rick Morty is fucking
great
Rick and Morty is now the best cartoon
comedy yeah there you go
but ya know early early uh adults one
was great I mean you know that's where
we got a lot of tim and eric' stuff I
never watched what did they have before
that Tom goes to the mayor I never wants
to add Tom goes to the mayor knows I
think the first Tim and Eric
for Adult Swim button I think I thought
pickles the dog which I've seen one of I
I can't imagine that joke doesn't last
more than one episode
this is tannic dog I don't know no one I
think so
Tony we board game often right now my
wife and I are currently every single
free twenty minutes we have we are
playing a game of marvel legendary in
fact Richard and I had a thing at my
house that was riches and and rich
wanted to know if you could come over
and get it I said oh sure you come over
but you know if you wanted to come over
and stay for like an hour we could play
game Marvel legendary you could you know
or whatever if you don't want to that's
fine too that's why if you don't want to
where hard hard into Marvel legendary
right now as a fun game and I need to go
back a bit and clarify something I did
not say that Rick and Morty is not the
best animated cartoon on TV I said it is
now the best animated cartoon on TV
after having seen the last season of The
Venture Brothers I think it has been
dethroned oh I used to say The Venture
Brothers was the best thing on TV uh-huh
currently Wow yeah okay I really I
really wasn't in like the last season
even in the end of the the season five
the last few episodes were going
downhill to really I don't know about
the Venture Brothers
Wow that's I mean you know still still
pretty great show overall yeah did not
like last season mm-hmm Rick and Morty
is better than Bojack horseman
I like Bojack horseman Rick and Morty is
better so so Tony I have seen these
several different versions of legendary
all but all we're doing it you know
we're Marvel fans she's a bigger x-men
fan than I am my wife and so we're just
getting all the expansions right now
because we love how the expansions play
together
so we have the guardians expansion we
have Secret Wars and we have
another one I forget them another one we
have so we have a few expansions for
Marvel engineering I've seen the other
legendary rooms and I know there's a DC
not legendary but there's also a DC deck
building game as well but I haven't
heard good things about it so I know the
blood-borne card game is coming out soon
pretty excited about that there at all
I am there that game with that great
gameplay well here's that game without
that gameplay here here's what I my god
fall here's what I'm excited about the
guy who made it also made duelist okay
and duelist is a free-to-play
collectible card game that has grid
based tactical movement and it's a
really good game but the blood-borne
branding is meaningless color color
alright if it's a great game
alright color rich check and rich what
are the worst jobs you guys have ever
had answering your question shit damn
trainer of Z trainer I know rich I got
ten heroes three campaigns and 50
unopened games on GOG to play anyway
rich how was your day hopefully good
yeah it's fine Lloyd beets I do play
duelist I like duelist a lot um I've
been playing a different game recently
but I do like duelist a lot I think it's
a really good game and it's free so
everyone can give it a try give it play
duelist it runs on anything it's
beautiful if you want to talk about a
bad job I think we just talking about
this recently uh the worst job I had was
a telemarketer I was a telemarketer for
a while and it was soul-sucking and I
found out that the place I worked for
was a scam and you just follow the
script day in and day out and they tell
you you have to follow the script yep
you cannot deviate from
script and then they also yell at you
when people don't buy from you and you
go well I followed the script I did you
want me to follow it harder you know it
was a soul-crushing job rich Evans is
saying trader taught zinc instead of
trader to cinch
how the fuck am I supposed to know what
it is each is I see a random string of
letters I'll shove them together and I
figure out as best as I fucking can
I've never heard of a does each who the
fuck would put it t in front of a Z like
that well you're talking about that Zeki
sauce or however you pronounce it a hero
The Dude's a key that's that bad has a T
in front of a city so maybe you have to
take back your like a Tsar that's TZ
yeah you'd smell that cz AR I've never
seen that you can suppose our different
ways Jack I I would say traded as each I
would I would suit assume that the T is
silent well why the fuck have the
fucking T there at all maybe that's a
it's a family name get rid of all these
silent letters we don't need them I
agree they're wasting space I agree you
know what else we don't need the letter
C how much printing ink we could save
right right it's tragic
all that energy wasted the type is a
useless fucking letter Wow
yeah how much wattage of energy is
wasted when you hit a keyboard key how
much how much like you personal letters
or they're killing the environment Jack
oh is it like how much energy is your
computer you know G is an extra key sure
and then like how much time does it take
you're like a fraction of a second right
but you add that up in a day that's
maybe like a minute a minute of your
life typing letters that no one will
pronounce anyway the silent letters are
destroying the earth you add that up
that's like an hour every month that's
an hour every month you could be getting
other work than we're losing
productivity what what's what's the
carbon imprint on czar yes T yeah what
is that carbon imprint no I'm with you
I'm with you
footprint imprint footprints footprint I
said imprint ago fucking moron
that's what just happened anonymous says
Jack I'm G I'm Jack a while ago on a
stream yeah you mentioned liking Robyn
with a wire thank you what look who's I
am Harlock on doulas yes if you still
listen to her
we should Rob it Oh liking that yes
Robin the singer okay yeah if you still
was nerve you should check out the knife
Fever Ray wakes up and I think I've
heard I am a me wha me I think I've
heard good night oh thanks for the show
yeah I like girly pop I like girly dance
pop and I think I've listened to the
knife before oh yeah I love all that
stuff I love it out the off switch says
I'm from Europe so I don't understand
your customs here is two bucks for some
9/11 cake Charlie Brooker is the writer
of Black Mirror his documentaries are
very funny yet insightful like rlm 9/11
cake I kind of made my day happy 9/11
everyone oh man oh man sorry sorry whoo
that tickled I have tickled the right
the very funny bone they're part a
couple of 9/11 jokes today yeah they
just fell flat would you would you say
that crumbled one right after the other
Oh Jack I didn't mean it like that
oh you're horrible
you know I am oh I don't know who I
stole it from but I flat-out stole that
from somebody yeah I'd love to give
credit but I don't remember who the fuck
said yeah I'd love I'd love to get him
credit but I obviously don't care that
much if you think about it
collecting data says me and my fellow
nerdy lady friends are trying to decide
on a zombie costume theme for this
year's Des Moines Zombie Walk any ideas
lol kiss my cunt I you could always do
Marvel Zombies because then you have
reference material yeah like I like some
of the looks of Marvel Zombies I think a
zombie walk though should be an everyday
kind of thing but then then you're
blending in with a sea of every year
what's your dress like a fictional like
Marvel superhero zombie you're ruining
the am be the zombie walks gotta look
like an actual zombie apocalypse
breaking on you can't you can't have
fictional fucking characters running
around in their jelly does that walks
like that is the whole you go to bars
and you walk like zombies and you all
look at each other's outfit no one does
it goes it goes as a baseball team I
don't I don't I don't know oh that's fun
like yeah yeah a real life group yeah
that's maybe and that's maybe my greater
point is you need a costume - you can't
just wear like ripped up clothes because
like you know zombie police officers
savvy police officers that'll be fun
waitresses like 50s diner oh yeah oh you
could wear rollerskates
you could be roller skate zombie
waitresses weird that'd be fun that
would be fun okay clowns other clown
zombies over time yeah way overdone
overplayed zombie nuns oh that could be
fun
I like it but oh but - what black that
Bloods not gonna show up very well
you're totally right yeah yeah totally
right so for practical reasons well for
more fun reasons like you want you need
a lot of blood you want a lot of blood
job zombie strippers Wow I mean that'd
be fun for everyone else it might be
cold out for a miserable experience I
wouldn't recommend it but for everyone
else you'll be there you'll be the hit
of the party
you want a drink for free that night
yeah did you find a zombie stripper
attractive well I'm and you call him a
zipper for short zombie stripper a
zipper um
I mean an actual zombies a stripper no
but someone who has body paint on a
nearly naked body sure body paint and
prosthetics ruin the stripper effect
yeah you know what if done well I could
get into it no favorite customer I hate
when people do that when people go as
like zombie recently dead celebrities
that's just tasteless mm-hmm whatever
I'm just saying be tasteless if you want
personally I don't like that or it's
like kemon it's not a good group theme
unless you have a whole group of famous
celebrities that died well and then you
know of course like just getting across
the point of who you are yeah where it's
like how are you gonna how you gonna be
Alan Rickman zombie Alan Rickman right
and did Alan Rickman really died to
dress like Snape right oh no he did not
no he did not
yep
a bitch
in it
madam says any love for Knights of the
Old Republic one-and two-and either have
you tried the over public mmm Oh nope
nope I'm not big enough at a Star Wars
to work up Cara
I don't like those kind of games I've
played a little bit of it and didn't
like it and it actually soured me on all
Bioware games so boom Nico :
hey guys a tip to say hello hello and a
question okay between Batman V Superman
the animated Killing Joke and Jared Leto
Joker is 2016 possibly the worst year
for Batman Batman survived a lot where I
don't know this is the worst he survived
nightfall which was a crappy story well
that was a big event that's a crappy
story where we are at a low point right
now but with a flick movie on the
horizon there is light it's always
darkest before the dawn which is never
true no saying that I really hate
because it gets incrementally later was
a flick was a fine man and he has a lot
of control in his movie the death stroke
is it could be a fun villain so yes
Batman is at a low point and and like
I've said Jared Leto's Joker it's like a
palate cleanser hmm see you kind of
really like the next Joker who's still
not as good as Heath Ledger but always a
whole lot better than Jared Leto and you
don't notice he's not as good as Heath
Ledger anymore I love that that thinking
rich it's hard on these targets before
that a palate cleanser joke yeah
the Deathstroke has ever been in good
bit that your sentence makes no sense
he'll burn me how I'm sorry but it could
be interesting and Affleck was a good
Batman
maybe he'll continue to be a good Batman
maybe he won't camera showed you cases
hijack and rich hello in fact okay how
are you done from 1986 was the first
major feature film of a Marvel property
that's true a nice torchbearer right
thanks George Lucas personally is a cult
film it's in my heart I don't a lot of
people I didn't mind
Howard oh yeah it's been a while since
I've seen it I think when I was younger
I can have no strong feelings on Howard
the Duck I like it in the end when he
fights the monster is a great monster I
don't know okay okay I remember it's
been so long rich and I actually like
the Howard the Duck comics well yeah
those are absurd yeah but that that
doesn't really have much bearing on the
film right Joerg lund says hey rich I
know how much you love RTS games so you
might want to give world of warships a
try the carriers are played as RTS and
the other ships are fps and it's
free-to-play you fucks get right on that
you're right on right on
Richard he's already downloading in
world of warships
are you liking this game I am I am but I
really like Pokemon games but I am also
ready to be done so if you are caught up
on time I'm just gonna finish this fight
and then I'm totally ready to be done
okay
you're fighting that perfectly normal
Pokemon that you've seen dozens of times
before
right this isn't a good fight to end on
but uh I stayed a little too late last
night so I'm starting to freak out a
little I think you guys know oh my god I
know Johnson I didn't he was like 1:00
in the morning 1:30 in the morning
was it weird that I left with karen a
little bit early no that's not works she
didn't know anybody there you weren't
the first to leave or were you through
yeah oh no sir after ourselves okay no
no no that's how it works ago you eat
you hang out a little bit see what Sears
feel have been awkward I could tell oh
yeah Wow what happened no one I don't
know no I stopped paying attention um no
no it was fine yeah we just stayed away
too late what happened last night the
orgy the era el amor G the yearly
bi-yearly by if you know what I mean hey
it was weird
as sometimes happens we all hung out
together and did not film it which I
know is strange for for most people
involved button what's that it wasn't a
9/11 party from where I was last night
which wasn't I
wowser
celebrating the fact that we didn't get
caught
oh fuck what the fuck it's a black sheep
ah fuck I didn't know he's a fighting
type
we played GG we played devil Ginga G
Burger King says Jack what what Oh God
it took me too long to get that one I
got it oh it took you really long to get
it
double Ginga then you would have two
towers of Jenga you fucks that's great
whoever said that thank you thank you
that's great anonymous oh hey rich are
you still still planning on are you
still planning to play elite dangerous
at some point suddenly want to try and
massive squadron shootout in space yes
but as I said there there are five games
that I would like to play book the head
of it at least at least and all those
type games are like 40 hours long and
then probably what I'm going to have to
play we will have to play one previously
recorded I would like to make a new
video soon I have an idea for one that
I'd like to do a video on I've been I
don't want them to replay them for four
years the thief games what time I
finally you know deus ex kind of kicked
me in the butt a bit yeah I really
should just add on and do it yeah yeah I
have some I've one idea for like a show
that's not a classic video game but it's
an older one something I'd like to talk
about and then I haven't knew it this
new show ID I'll go and I'll go in with
you after we're done here
but uh I'm ready all right
oh good another thing the things on the
thing that you have to click on sweater
hey did you not turn the Twitter on it
is on we've been connected for three
hours and 13 minutes oh we've already
need a newer version oh sorry guys
there's so many one on this hard drive
that's all on me that's all I'm rich get
it out get it here rich yeah yeah what
do you do you can't see this we I've
gone to do back to window seven
exclamation point
but that means all my shit is wrong
wrongly setup is it exclamation point
subs the other way around easy enough to
get there it is one openurl it's gonna
open right in front of the game so you
guys can all see it I'll move it over
or you just turn off the window in the
OBS sure I'm not a robot submit whoa
okay here it is here it is alright well
this is the point in the in the evening
in which we thank all the people who
subscribe to us during this broadcast
yeah what I have to hold on oh you have
just a magnifier
well now that's in the middle of the
game in the middle of the game
yeah window whoa I kind of love that
okay great
okay we are now ready to thank this
obscure who subscribe to us during this
broadcast like mega biotic frog welcome
Shana's mmm teabag for glory half man's
half cat nice neckbeard the great
Nazzaro favorite customer and favorite
customers wants us to stay radical dudes
telling on 25 fucking months in a row
rich I can see this would be a miserable
night for you that's fine it's been fine
been fine hometown markup 25 fucking
months in a row so low 56 7 if this is
crew if this subscription was a
pregnancy I would be over it G shops
twenty four fucking months in a row G
shot says two years holy crud I need to
get a life thanks for all the great
dreams hey Thank You G shots the real
neck boy oh my god and Bunga dug twenty
four fucking months in a row Bunga Doug
says Jimmy the jams until all the
skeletons are removed me I'll be on the
roof hunkering down got all the memes
clone 2727 the og means yes
hopefully rich can get over his hate for
point-and-click adventures you saw
police quest three goddamnit
heck frogs say what Qatar stars says ah
yes mall blart mall cop paul blart mall
cop pulled paul blart alarm alcohol cop
brain VX 135 finally get to resub t
mantis brawn 80 men
lakyn 14 months in a row Allah says
always enjoy your streams love the
conversations I'm working in a
story-driven VR experience at the moment
have you guys had a chance to try VR yet
we have not Biffle bottom is twenty six
fucking months in a row holy moly
beyond infinite just what I asked how
amazing it is to make a living playing
video games and corralling nerds LOL
farc my dark it is amazing
a lot of nerd crowling lot of you know
all you all y'all very comically large
amount of nerd corralling their kids
need it's great that's great we have a
great time that was beyond infinitely
slow you got lloyd beats twenty four
fucking months in a row two years
bitches what
striker one one to one sixteen months in
a row 16 months with you turkeys Wow 200
and you're Ellen Oh PO Hoopoe how do you
how do you say PO and beer I think I
think it's Josue Edgar Allen hope Oh I'd
prefer O's ed growl and a ho
Edgar Allen hope Oh two days from
retirement types an emoji greater than
three
I don't understand it less than less
than three that's a heart Jack it's a
fucking heart no I think it's a button
you're just fucking with me
JJ Shekar says some motherfuckers are
always trying to ice-skate uphill
motherfuckers I was trying to be ice
skating I got a thing o jerkwad live
thanks it's all about the Washington
yeah
no no just one all about the Washington
Ernst
Ernests Con 22 fucking months in a row
Ernest Kahn says don't believe the hype
a rusty venture in the name molt a rusty
venture is the name for when you jerk
off your dick and so much your dick gets
all red a rusty venture and sore
is that a venture brothers yeah okay
great someone was saying his name was a
sex act
oh the rusty venture yeah they're all
trying to they all heard of it but
they're trying to remember what the AG
actually was there was a lot of it's
kind of like the aristocrats everyone
had their description for what the rusty
venture was yeah yeah I like that that's
a good it's a good dirty joke to make is
the aristocrats this thing where they
