Episode 634
ReCore-ded Previously (Part 1)
October 9, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8cmjVgzfbIY
___________________________________________

hello sorry about the lateness it was my
fault entirely
yeah and then things stopped working
here in the studio and that just didn't
you know that just didn't help and then
rich and I started talking about stuff
we wanted to do and and there goes the
whole night but welcome I did get a
request from someone to to tweet out
when we start streaming like we used to
do and so I'm going to do that right now
rich and Jack are recore we three Cole
where does the most obnoxious
commercials Ricola yes now not new now
the twat sure should be on that whatever
and it's fine it's fine
the torture I double-checked it is on I
see the green bar we are connected
tweeting out now and tweeted great hey
everybody welcome we're gonna play
recore recore this is that heavily kind
of non exciting looking game I was a
little excited about this you know it's
you with all the will start a new game
here I did I did you know turn it on
earlier just to make sure that the game
works this is a big III game and why
Beefcake are you saying it's not on
connected to twitch chat
I see the Twitter right this right this
moment gobbledygook says re kill screen
interview and Rich's no flag video game
boat sometimes I also want to zero
socializing I just finished an other
galaxy in no man's sky without even
interacting with any NPCs good 12 hours
of Zen hmm well if you enjoy no man's
sky good on you Goblin
oh I'm glad if you enjoyed the kill
screen interview yeah always fun to talk
to people we went off in some weird
directions on that one like I know I've
written aliy he contacted us just to
talk about like video game movies I've
seen like one of them though yeah
exactly and we warned him about that we
just said we we might not have a lot to
talk about
so this game everyone probably
recognizes already it's it's the the
girl with the robots I do not see a
subscriber on the torture double check
that's connected look it says connected
the green the green do we have do you
have the right version for Windows 10 I
have watcher version two point one point
one Beefcake and it says connected and I
have green we've been connected for zero
hours and three minutes
when is my RIPD review coming out oh
it's right on the way Oh
so in any case the other thing of note
about this game rich and I don't know if
you don't know this this is made by
Keiji Inafune oh okay this is one of his
games and here's something I would like
to point us so we're all the mighty
number 9 money wind hasn't we're all the
mighty number 9 money went and here's
what I what I want to point out is one
of the very first things I did in this
game is this the game was telling you to
go to that green bar right yeah and I'm
looking around going hey you know what I
bet I could jump on that rock because
what would happen in a normal like
triple-a title you wouldn't be able to
it would be a visible wall right right
and you know what you can go all the way
over there you can just go off path
that's great can you get on top of that
big thing there I don't know I didn't
try I just started walking this way to
see if I could yep and you can and that
surprised me so much that I decided not
to delve too far the big thing didn't
come up the screen didn't turn read the
text saying Turner all and go back to
the mission zone exactly exactly exactly
and then you're forced to turn around
automatically leaving the mission zone
parameters no like if I wanted to I
could probably walk over there too and
just you can just see how far you can go
and I like that it's not necessary I
don't need to be over here but I can be
over here you know so what are you
playing this game with what am i playing
this game I was I don't know no one can
really see though right she do we want
to talk about talk about it I'll talk
about it he I have this and this is this
is something that I bought maybe three
four years ago and it came with a
comically oversized mouse that was
horrible to use okay and I think this
came out yeah this came out for the Xbox
360 this is the
split fish frag FX the shark 360 for the
Xbox 360 and what it was was a way to
get a mouse on your xbox can I get up
here
oh okay so the rock is the wall it was a
way to get a mouse on your xbox 360 how
many people thinks that looks neat and
how many people thinks they think that
is the dumbest thing they've ever seen
it's a nunchuck that works as a joystick
and so it's just mapped to WASD because
3043 four years ago so it's just map to
em and you know it has like little
buttons here it has a d-pad up here so
you know like jump is the trigger right
and as I've been transitioning to mouse
and keyboard as everyone here knows I
have been I still find WASD and even a
keypad to be cumbersome and if you think
about it rich
WASD is incredibly inefficient okay yeah
you're you're you're using or you know
you're placing three fingers for four
movements and you can only use one
movement at a time here I'm only using a
thumb for movement a joystick is far
more efficient than using three fingers
on WASD this w a is to be using to like
move your character left or you're not
aiming with that right right so I think
the thumb and analog stick works just
fine oh yeah just for movement because
you can only choose one direction so so
I dug this out of mothballs luckily I
never threw this away and it works great
I've been using it for overwatch which
is a fast-paced first-person shooter and
it works fantastically WASD is faster
than a stick yeah but you have like you
still have fingers that are going to
waste yeah oh yeah yeah yeah
and you can only move one direction at a
time it's not like you know it's not
like you can press all three
buttons are all four directions buttons
at a time right a character can only
move one way so because III saw that I
thought all that looks deep and it
doesn't feel right they that I looked
into it recently they have they have
this it's called the it's called the the
frag Chuck split fish has one and
they're still selling it for a lot I
don't remember it costing that much
where they just sell the nunchuck now
nobody ever said that you've had to use
W and s at the same time Jack said three
fingers which is what do you use for
WASD I'm the weird one
underwater just for yes I I can't get my
head off of that is how I just
self-taught yeah but he uses keyboard
mouse that's just what I do
most people use three fingers right yeah
yeah your your ring finger for W your
middle finger for a and s backwards and
forwards and your index finger for a D
yeah move straight to the right and so
three fingers and you can only use one
maybe two of those at a time right
because you can only go in one direction
hello dog so oh oh I use my gun
apparently in any case I don't I don't
mean to harp on this because it's not
the biggest deal I just I found this and
I've been really I've just been liking
it and rich saw it and thought it struck
stop trying to fix it just use the
keyboard to move for fuck's sake
no I want it better I want it better
than the keyboard Oh bother just wants
to give up on progress that's this is
how this is how progress is made we have
to we have to see what works and see
what doesn't work and I think like I
said I'm committed to the idea that WASD
is an inefficient use of our fingers I I
have always said that the the mouse is
the key component of the mouse and
keyboard recipe absolutely like III I
never try him when I first saw them the
the Nostromo's they had one in a storm
yeah and it just I don't know it just
seems so awkward because you're not
holding anything your fence if your
hands just kind of laying on it you're
using the analog stick I always thought
that was weird
and in doing research because I know we
talked about this last stream the
Nostromo's joystick isn't meant for
movement really yeah it's not built for
movement that one and the Logitech g13
whatever one day describe to us
easy joystick is more there for macros
like you're supposed to your LED board
for movement huh and I have special
grooves in the in the little keyboard
for movement and again I feel like
you're wasting fingers where if this say
if this look I had maybe a flapper here
maybe some more buttons it'd be a lot
more comfortable and a lot
this is regression Jack you said in us
says total misanthropy hey just just
because a mouse works better doesn't
mean a keyboard does I'm talking about
efficiency and I'm talking about comfort
efficiency and comfort you got yeah I
know you PC master-race are set in your
ways but not everything not everything
needs to stay that way
lead the way mecha like so right now I'm
using my mouse to look around like
normal yeah
and I'm using the joystick and it's
working great
I mean there's some things like Thai
fighter or Li dangerous that would not
work for because there's too many
buttons you need Oh God right there's
anything over here no and I'm not I'm
not saying by the way this is the
perfect the perfect thing for every game
but I think for most like first-person
shooters that it would work just fine
for this game a third-person action game
I think it works I think it works just
fine still not seeing how it's wasting
fingers to efficiently use three fingers
for four keys WASD actually I only use
two fingers for WASD I'm he a badass you
use such a bet because you've been using
one finger because four keys I I'm using
one finger for four keys do you see
that's even more efficient and you're
using two or three fingers - because
he's Lee sure is really so this is more
efficient that you see that like this is
this is an this is a normal thing here's
my one finger and so theoretically in in
a perfect peripheral right in a perfect
peripheral each of these fingers would
have its own little button to maximize
efficiency or you know like what are
your pinky grips and then there's three
buttons I don't know in and it you know
it's just one of those things where I
found I pulled this out of mothballs and
it's working for me and really isn't
that the most important point is
whatever works
this has auto aim and that really
bothers me oMG PC master-race + console
hybrid god whoo right
said dr. gunther hunter Hager good to
hangar I like that name a lot if you
zoom in with with right-click at auto
aims for you your stream has become my
weekly dose of whiny PC gamers
complaining about Jack having fun wrong
just not in play how he wants to yeah
thank you
okay uh where we at fat bubbler says
wait has rich lost weight in small
amounts here and there I don't know I
don't know I'm I'm weighing myself just
lose weight great half math half cat
says what are your opinions on one of
the best action RPGs created of all time
Knights of the Old Republic one I've
never played it I don't care about the
Star Wars enough to try we go through
then a lot I know this Jedi said the
worst thing about Star Wars they really
are you know and I want to play a game
that takes place in the olden times when
everything's a fucking Jedi or at worst
this or force that when everyone was a
joyless monk here's an entire fucking
army of joyless months
Craigie nation says hi guys hello
sweater to hop on stream and thank you
guys for being on kill screen cinema it
was fun talking to you guys I'm looking
forward to the RIPD commentary oh you
know what I totally forgot about that
joke odd cast when I wait too long
reload I suppose at work I loved it I
loved it all like I know I could aim if
I wanted to low ammo but again in
talking about oh here we go so now
here's that here's a situation in which
I need to hold shift and I can't because
well all I really need I didn't I didn't
rebind anything cuz I didn't know what
was gonna be important yeah yeah so hold
on controls a keyboard so - is shift
let's refine that nobody would care
about Star Wars if it weren't for the
Jedi yes I know because the people like
the lightsabers I not saying you
shouldn't like them you going like what
you like I'm just saying it's not my cup
of tea
right oh it changed target sure let's
say let's change of that the reason the
reason I like the Jedi Knight games is
because Kyle Katarn
is not a Jedi he is a wide saver any
kicks ass he likes adventure and
excitement Jack I like adventure and
excitement - rich the Jedi Knight games
even though they're called Jedi Knight
it's like giving Han Solo a lightsaber
yeah that's fun yeah that's fun okay
target is this - is that okay I feel the
force and use the ways and oh don't fall
in love because love is easily evil
because George Lucas had a nasty divorce
yeah that's exciting really love that oh
by the way this is made by the guy who
made the not a Mega Man game we know
where the money won no Lord Oh God
she has a boot - rich Oh God look at
that Wow all right gobbledygook says
Jack do you know of any FPS cyber sport
athletes who endorse your efficiency
arguments I agree though for a 3d
platformer you should use a controller
instead yeah I could see a controller
working pretty good for this I don't I
just didn't know how much shooting was
gonna be involved and so like that's why
I had the mouse we're not talking about
something for the uber elite players to
be super efficient average talking about
something that's comfortable to use when
you're casually playing a game well and
you know like like for example I know
for something like counter-strike yeah
which is a big eSports game you have a
lot of weapon switching you have a you
have a lot more buttons yeah and so like
something like there's more buttons
that's my issue with it that needs more
buttons you need to find a way to do
that more ergonomic right but I do
believe with the right peripheral
something like this you could you could
find yes even the elite being a little
more comfortable with that you need some
flappy's or something I don't know all
right all right I think there's
something there's something to this
and see here I need to I need to hit a
now I need to 93 bite because now we
need to extract something hold on
which is fine that's that's what these
you know when you have needs more
buttons it needs more buttons I like it
though controls keyboard so the extract
fire extractor is going to be bound to
this cue that'll be X okay great
all right sir Chen says hi
new shirt rich also it's too bad you
prefer to play alone in video games
I love co-op PS coughed jack you owe me
coffee oh that's true I know ye o right
now now I got it I'm sorry jack
I'm sorry is this F no hold on nineteen
an F
running out of buttons I know you are
that's that's the downfall that's the
downfall this is a serious time serious
button-downs that's a concept I like it
Jack I'm with you rich what do I like
what do you bound your mouse buttons oh
yeah I haven't found any mouse buttons
yet thank you rich no problem Jack no
problem oh are you not working oh yeah
that works okay my internet at home hint
hint nudge nudge AT&T; Internet I'm
looking for new internet because we're
getting now twice a day where my
internet just boom stops yeah and I had
planned once again necropolis recently
had an update and Sarah Chen wanted
another round and I was like absolutely
I want to see this update you know what
they updated it with they said it was a
big dumb guy with a hammer
I am so that's right up your alley right
up my alley I really wanted to play and
so it's like we do we schedule the time
like no problem and that day my internet
was so crap I could be like I could
barely watch a YouTube video let alone
play an online multiplayer game so I'm
sorry Sarah yes as far as my shirt it's
actually an old shirt I just hadn't worn
in a while you can check out some older
we're best at the worst I'm sure I'm
wearing it and some of them also from
from a gameplay perspective do we need
do we need a button just to revive him
that's a different button then that was
the fire extractor that was a different
button then used the extractor do we
need a different button hmm you ever
played a game that that has the button
do
one button do too many things though oh
yeah you know yeah you ever you ever
play the the short-lived Prince of
Persia reboot I played it a little bit
at your behest the game the game that
plays itself Oh X jump so X runs across
the wall Oh X grabs systemic tides it
you can swing from Oh X wings the sword
Hey Oh X heals you
Oh exclaims oh you just hit eggs you're
not it's like you're not playing at all
it's so streamlined you need buttons you
need buttons
you do need buttons but maybe not this
many buttons okay none of us is happy
belated 911 have you guys ever taken
flak for any of your darker jokes
did you ever address it or hope that it
went away I'm sure controversy finds its
way every now and again lol flake my
cake I think we just had to ignore it if
somebody's upset about something we said
can I get a thicker skin can I get a
thicker skin if we ever like crossed a
line anywhere and I don't believe I did
it's all jokes I mean I guess we might
have crossed the line somewhere but it's
all jokes Emory 8:01 says hey rich
looking good of these new Pokemon which
do you think is the coolest Sal Gail Oh
Lew now wa qumu ku muds Dale lemme Q or
the worl mimic you I'm so excited to
play as mimic you know muds Dale because
it's easy as to say I'm really excited
about mud Slough muds Dale whatever
why not
what bricks what's your favorite
fast-food joint
please call Georgie Porgie sneer her
that's not bad at all
down the road a bit the suburbia yeah
has has damn fine sub as far as my
favorite none of them are around here
Nonna's pizza and I think it's in crisp
what Illinois is extremely good yet
cheap pizza
you get like like a quarter of a large
size pizza for five bucks with a drink
nice
Mickey zeros Crestwood Illinois is a
Christmas yeah I think it's whatever
there's also one in Tinley Park both
extremely good not exactly the same food
though it's like a loose it's a loose
chain which I think the one in Tinley
Park changed its name to Mickey's uh
gyros and ribs there now distinct a name
too Oh lightly OH
and mr. sub an oak forest isn't bad Jack
do you have any favorite fast foods fast
foods like to me if I if I'm going fast
if I'm going fast food it's gonna be the
garbage you know because then I'm only
in it for the speed and cheapness if I
had to go for good fast food you go
Culver's Culver's is the greatest place
to go fine it's real all of those places
I mentioned are better Georgie Porgie
yeah I'll be with you but that's not
fast food there's no drive-through -
Georgie Porgie
fast food needs a drive-through fast
food needs to drive through that's me
that's the Culver's is great and they
have custard which is which is ice cream
with eggs in it and lard and it's great
also this Portillo's they're good but
somewhat overrated Portillo's yeah I've
got some major walk-on going on
yeah it just locks on there's no off
turning that on but you could just shoot
yourself but why and lock on works ok
that's part it's part of the game it's
not like I'm using you know like auto
aim that's just part of the game
mechanics so I will that that is auto
aim well oh no like there's there
sometimes in the menu you can use auto
aim that's not necessarily like a part
of the game mechanics that's just like
to help the people who are using a
controller ok ok but this is part of the
game do you like I could just do this
and shoot myself but why I'm like this
does it for me
Habakkuk says did you hear that Star
Trek discovery is delayed from January
to may also rich did you check the mail
today I sent an obscure science fiction
film called nookie I checked the mill
yesterday I haven't opened it yet I
brought it in if we could get that
obscure science fiction film I'm sure
that would be very helpful I don't I
don't know if they're in the chat right
now but they they said they sent a big
package they asked if we got it I said I
haven't checked the mail yet I went the
other day big package labeled frill said
well I'm not gonna say name because they
asked in the chat and I don't I have a
real name and a sheet here and the
letter I'm not gonna say it but I think
you it was very generous yes yes I saw I
saw what you sent the big the big
fragile package yeah very very generous
geez hold down that wasn't that when I
opened because I couldn't help it bed
Mike wanted to do an experiment just to
see how much mail we got in a month so
if you send something in in August other
than that one thing I just mentioned I
haven't opened it yet
mike is curious how much mail we get now
as far as the delay on Star Trek
Discovery I'm typically I'm a patient
man
I can I can deal with that as more
important they get it right I don't know
what the delay is for though
um to get it right you know especially
because there isn't it also part of
their new online service is it going to
be the the flagship for their new online
service discovery CBS correct I've I've
heard I might not even go to CBS direct
now I don't know what's going on I hope
it doesn't go to CBS tourette cuz I
don't either
the death sentence because who the
fuck's can I have CBS Direct exactly but
the hardcore truckers it's not gonna
find a new audience that way if if you
are like this is a new endeavor for them
and hopefully the reason it's doing is
because they want to make it as right as
possible it should be on Netflix and it
should be a fuckin Netflix original yep
ton of new people who who aren't
familiar with Trek would fucking watch
it because Netflix has done some amazing
shit and think people would be willing
to give it a try and it's a click I'll
see what's going on yep
no no they got a CBS direct oh thanks
for shooting yourself in the foot Star
Trek that was that was a bright idea Oh
only in the US every other country gets
it on Netflix fucking morons can I
pretend can I use one of those VPN
things to pretend like I'm not in the
u.s. fucking morons yes you can and you
probably should yeah
all right just this guy you know says
just want to give a shout out to me in
the distant future of a few weeks from
now when I read listen to the stream
while working did you get my very large
box hey yes yes I did just this guy you
know is very generous thank you whoa
renegade Kira says hey guys you seem
like mature adults I guess haha where
are your very first r-rated movies and M
rated games pretty sure I watched the
first Evil Dead it eight years old that
tree scene kind of messed me up oh shit
yeah I don't remember my first r-rated
movie but that's because I was too young
to probably remember something my mother
was very fond of horror movies and that
was just that was like a family thing
like something like Night of the Living
Dead you know Friday the 13th sure it's
a shame I'm not a horror fan I would've
loved it a lot more
like I want to rent Robocop nobody
better to fucking lie
you don't see kids out on the street
anymore either why do people treat kids
like they're like they're just so
horribly fragile they'll break if
anything happens
ah yes used to run around neighborhoods
playing do you remember that I grew up
in the in the country man I think I I
ran around playing on in a farm field
you know like it doesn't happen I'm out
driving here there I you don't see kids
you drive it through like a residential
street anymore the same thing that
killed Halloween trick-or-treating is no
longer really a thing uh it is in
certain neighborhoods why can I not pull
out your core I'm missing something here
you know like in my neighborhood we
still trick-or-treat at dark oh I get it
and as far as m-rated games go look by
the time they came up with the idea of
em rating I was already over yeah I
don't know I don't know is the correct
answer first r-rated movie I wonder
I wonder when my first r-rated movie was
it's been too long we're too old
head back to the crawler but the reason
the kid thing was on my mind was since I
ever asked ever since that I I
accidentally almost possibly killed that
five year old girl well why do you think
they don't want him out on the street
anymore because people keep riding by
and untying them rich strangers keep
untying children cuz that's that's what
made me think about like driving off
after I untied her and like wait a
minute
that was an unattended child yeah that
should be normal but that hasn't been
normal in a really long time oh fuck
yeah and you know I know there's there's
antek total data on all sides about like
well you know kids are safe for now or
whatever but as did you know it's wasn't
that there was this sheltered and
unprepared for shit that could happen to
them
there was just a big like court battle
over the what did they called they come
free range kids and and this this one
these parents had their kids said it was
okay for their kids to like walk to the
park but it was like eight blocks away
or something and other people complained
about like possible child endangerment
and that parents like no I we know our
kids walk to the block and like the city
got involved and eventually after some
like some some lawyering and whatnot the
city was like now they can they can tell
like it's okay for their kids to do that
as long like but yeah people are freaked
out by that I couldn't could stranger
things have taken place now what do you
mean the movie oh the show the TV show
it depends on the area it depends on the
parents right we're gonna we're gonna
see a backlash to the backlash right
that's you know it always goes in ABS
and flows so I'm not too worried about
it
dr. gunther who - hacker says yeah yeah
I like that
vote Palpa Vader in 2016 because
democracy isn't stupid
but people are lol fuck whoa hey don't
touch me nemesis complain about getting
Jedi when their baby with complain about
getting Jedi when they're babies all you
want but we got lucky with Luke non farm
boys who learned that power would man of
steel the galaxy into a fascist hellhole
what yeah I know I just read that thinks
you read the thing they wrote and that's
all that matters 6x says Oh x tips rich
and Jack it's so streamlined
just hit X we're talking about that
earlier xxx to do everything streamline
a baby's streamline okay you know what
we're talking that's what we're all
about today efficiencies streamline the
fun right out of that efficiencies in
gaming well it's like I can kind of see
what all the different buttons do now
now that I've actually like had a chance
to yeah play a little bit so some of
them are making a little bit of sense
but still like like there's one button
you have to press to fire your extractor
and then there's a wholly separate
button you press to pull on your
extractor but it's not like you can fire
your extractor again while you're
pulling it that could be the same button
the demos have you shoving your dog's
ball and different robots yeah well I
you can pull you can you can pull out
different robots balls so you're like
like you and then but you can't put your
dog's ball in that robot I don't know
hey I haven't I don't I don't think I've
gotten there yet right
I'm just extracting
see oh oh shit what did i do for this
one again future famous person says rich
you said that a Don Wilson movie review
wouldn't be great
because he'd have to focus but him
ranting off topic would be so funny only
saying this because he has crazy
potential as a character Don Wilson is a
great character but we've also already
used Donnell scares the SH of every time
I have so much to live up to with Don
Wilson yeah that's true problem might be
my own self confidence I'm sure I'll do
Don Wilson again someday but I'm just
saying
blinkin slowed down when Mike's started
doing the plaintiff voice for the
reviews huh like when I did him back in
the day we were younger was crazier like
Don Wilson oh okay well Mike sue owners
got to explain things in a logical
manner my plank it was more like I don't
know what I'm talking about
yeah you're got a farm there's a little
Wilson there's a little Wilson or a
little Plunkett in Wilson yep
early planket the real blanket
what right I don't know I think I got an
audio log and it's in a different
language oh shit sorry Jen says good
thing the Layton's haven't been sent yet
they will soon for any of you who will
have them for shits and giggles also
speaking of owing rich one will the
advocating happen the what the
advocating advocating which advocating
what what could this be referring to so
many things I don't know sorry Jen
usually doesn't say weird things that
make no sense every single time that's
someone anonymous yeah yeah when we'll
be advocating that reference to thing I
have forgotten because I have piss-poor
memory we say so many faces so many
things
what was it one of my RIPD commentary Oh
Phoenix right though more Phoenix right
absolutely we'll do more things right
there you know advocating is work I
don't I don't have an exact plan on when
we will do such a thing again
but we will you know reg advocated for
it we can do that um you know cuz I
don't want to do any more police quest 3
so kinda I'm kind of haven't done with
that game fortunately for you police
quest 3 bombed yep the blue blazes hey
guys oh nice to see this star wars
episode 6 point 5 gameplay what are your
thoughts alright this is a little Star
Wars Episode six rave running around run
around the desert
she's a scrapper yeah she technically
has a ball robot that's true technically
speaking that's very true rich I'm gonna
I'm gonna need this keyboard here next
to me bindings apparently are not
sticking they're not sticking I don't
know hmm I just need a you know like
it's not a big deal wow that's not it's
just too many things I uh
what are your thoughts on the last of
urgent the last of urgent movie going
straight to TV and the lead leaving have
you ever been happy that a movie flopped
the these divergent movies I have I
don't know where they come from I don't
know how well they've done I have paid
zero attention but there's a whole
series of yeah I have no idea what the
fuck you're talking about
you are being 100% honest yes what is
divergent there is a whole series of
movies I think there are they're on the
third one or fourth one now the
divergent series it's it's a series of
young adult movies is it like the purge
we're just four of them came out one
year and I just wasn't paying attention
that I know they're there along the same
lines is like the Maze Runner series or
or like things that came in the wake of
Harry Potter and The Hunger Games okay
I've liked young adult books being
turned into movie franchises okay so
this is one of them divergent and
they they've made some movies and I
don't I cannot tell you how well they've
done but what they've decided is for
their final movie they are making a
direct to TV movie because they're just
maybe not doing as well in the box
office as a thought or they don't want
to spend as much money on them as they
thought which is incredibly smart only
the lead actress I said fuck that I'm I
did not sign up to make a movie for TV
so I'm not being in this movie okay and
now they're trying to figure out what
they gonna pay her a lot less
I'm sure the outfit yeah well or it's
just like you know like she you know
that's her rep right on the line like
once you once you go down to TV it's
hard to go back up yeah so so kind of a
big deal that's what happened to Jeffrey
hunter it's what should have happened to
Jeffrey hunter yeah exactly
Jeffrey hunter doesn't mean is it it was
a mildly famous movie star back in the
day they played Jesus and the greatest
story ever told
okay okay remember the Star Trek pilot
no in the cage he was he was the captain
now I'm drawn a freakin blank on the
character's name he's the guy that gets
Kirk to join Starfleet the JJ Abrams
movie they used the same character the
guy who gets oh sure okay sure
he was he was sent to be the lead in
Star Trek and his his wife walked into
the studio one day and said Jeffrey
hunter is a movie star not a TV stars
wife browbeating him out of doing it
actually went to the studio on his
behalf insisting that he'd not be a part
of it oh man and now you don't know who
Jeffrey hunter is he died after getting
seriously injured when he was like
working on some kind of like b-movie I
believe like a few years later oh man
Captain Pike Christopher Pike pike pike
pike would have been Kirk really yeah
hmm except for an angry wife
you would have been set set for fucking
life Jack yeah be the Star Trek I
wouldn't be William William comically
comically bad Shatner William we're
secretly kind of kind of sort of
laughing at him Shatner just a little
bit just a little bit well like a well
like Bushwhacker wait no nobody's this
sabotage and we chuckle we all like him
when he's acting if you're not reading
from a script we don't want to have
anything to do with you Shatner yeah I
wonder if Star Trek would have been as
much of a hit without Shatner though I
gotta say and the pilot I'd love Pike
Jeffrey hunter was freaking great he
wasn't the the cartoon character that
kind of William Shatner was would have
been different I'd love to see it though
if I could if I could if I could travel
to an alternate reality yeah I would
want to travel to an alternate reality
where he was the lead in Star Trek just
to check that out yeah what would have
happened to Star Trek would have been
casted earlier would it be nothing god
I'm right you know what her name but him
instead did did Kirk's camp and natural
charisma this is kind of carried through
the awkward I don't think I don't think
I don't think Jeffrey hunter lacked
charisma just it wasn't as campy that
doesn't mean unlikable Shatner is a
charismatic fuck hmm you you like him
just by seeing him on screen there that
you know he he has like that thing he
has that actor thing that just attracts
you to everything he says I'm not saying
Jeffrey hunter would have been bad but
not when 9/11 didn't happen I know what
will be different the fucking towers
would still be there we're not just what
I would like to visit to see visit yeah
usually usually I give the cynical
answer to these questions everyone shits
all over me this
isn't rich like saying I want to go back
in time and change it I want to peek
into that users and you know what
happens if you peek into the universe
where 9/11 didn't happen and the towers
don't but I thought you were still there
you're just not peeking into that one
I'm peeking into this other one right
right well there'd be some differences
there have to be like more personal
freedoms snap going to the airport
wouldn't suck mm that'd be different it
would be different the world is worse
that it would have been well I mean yeah
undoubtedly obviously a big bad thing
happened obviously Isis wouldn't be a
thing that's probably true also uh 9/11
caused the Iraq war which caused Isis
yeah and caused a lot of lives to be
lost we took out a dictator but that the
dictator he had shit I'm clamped down
over there he had them hit the madhouse
under control we killed the warden he
was a terrible person
yep but what I read is chaos know also
in an effort to change the subject
beefcake without me pressing anything
that watcher is read now the toiu is not
connected and no subscribers have showed
up I have known okay what's happening I
just looked over at our Twitter and it's
all sorts of fucked I know not what is
happening
what
yeah my key bindings aren't saved I'm a
right-wing nut job because I think
hundreds of thousands of people probably
shouldn't have died and didn't need to
die the Middle East that would know that
was a call back to our lobbying all
right okay okay
being a right-wing thing
there or where'd I leave off those last
what I read where the steam lined tips
thing here's what I mean here's what I'm
gonna do here's what I'm gonna do
rich Oman you work on that I'm gonna
look for those I haven't read you just I
got it completely out of place everybody
just settle down for a second here
what's going on whole thing throw it in
the goddamn garbage okay this is a
controller game J that's fine that's
fine I play I play the Arkham games -
controller it's not like I played
keyboard mouse for everything you're
doing the auto-aim all right no you
don't need it then hey game designers
let me keep my key bindings Oh bother
spam jerk says while Jack you have me
convinced this is the future he's really
he's really attached to that keyboard
usually I'm the old man who can't brace
change how did the roles get reversed so
easily Jack how did that happen how did
that happen I'm confused
right right
I don't know rich Oh God hold on we
gotta know I gotta
yeah well this this was just clearly a
game designed with a gamepad in mind and
that's okay we just need to if you don't
if you don't want to talk about the
Middle East chat we we could talk about
Columbine am I talking about Columbine
or how it was the students fault talking
about playing rock music and Marilyn
Manson and doing well really kind of the
jerky students probably have the lion's
share of the blame yeah you mean the
students that shot everything up no no
no not them well rich what I mean if you
talk yeah so if you want if you want to
be honest what what drove them to go on
a killing spree the bully the bullies
did not help they did not pull the
trigger let's just let's just settle
down yeah this is what happens when you
try to put a fucking cap on me all right
that's fucking it happens I start
dropping some unpleasant truth on your
ass
what
what rich
ultimately yes the shooters are the ones
responsible yeah let's but let's just
take a moment and settle right the fuck
down probably the jerks have made them
feel like outcasts out a little bit a
little bit more so than doom that's all
I'm saying
wide-eyed oh yeah I know it's I mean
yeah there's three wine Shack says Jack
and rich first time tipper
longtime fan of rlm if you guys would
have wanted to cosplay who would you
want to cosplay and why what would love
a dub dub thank you for changing the
subject I appreciate that
well while we're talking about serial
killers probably probably Jason from
Friday the 13th sure that makes sense no
only because I was I don't know I don't
know what brought this on I was looking
at like Jason through the years on a
website like you know the different way
the mask has looked and how it'd be a
really easy costume oh yeah I think I
think if you're a Novus cosplayer that's
the one to go for I can be fat Jason
and how do I get my dog over there now
oh by the way this game was designed for
a controller yeah
hundred percent that was so much easier
to play then with the mouse and keyboard
big Ubu boom like instead of pressing
one button to fire my extractor and then
another button to pull you press down on
a stick and then pull a stick it makes
way more sense so deformed 9 says hey
guys what was your favorite Halloween
costume from your youth also I enjoyed
your interview with kill screen cinema
lol slather my meat popsicle glad you
enjoyed that I like doing stuff like
that I like I talk to anyone um
rich do you have a favorite Halloween
costume Indiana Jones liked him so much
I want two years he's Indiana Jones nice
one year it was probably it was probably
one of my very last dress up and go
trick-or-treating Halloween's I was
possibly just too old for it I think I
was probably like 14 15 you know just a
dead just at that point where it's like
I could probably still go
trick-or-treating but none of my friends
are so yeah yeah and I got I made out of
wood blocks a pair of foot-and-a-half
stilts okay found a found and like
cobbled together a giant black robe and
and got like the the good makeup and the
good face prosthetics and went as Satan
like I had yeah big I had big horns like
the face prosthetic that you have to use
like gum and putty to smooth out big red
face and you know the end and
like I said I had an extra foot and a
half a height yeah and so I was a giant
Satan and I loved it Grim Reaper B need
costume Grim Reaper would like a good
we've got a pole though with an actual
skull coming out rather than just like a
skull basket mm-hmm then you'd be tall
and your head would be a skull and that
would be neat yeah I've never done it
I'm just saying you know what I think
would be a cool mask to make love I I
see I see this character like this
speaking of cosplay and whatnot
we played that game deadbolt and you
know it didn't really catch on for me as
a game I tried playing a little bit
after that and didn't really work out
but I I listened to the album a lot
because I really liked that composer and
on the on the front of the album is that
is their version of the Grim Reaper and
it's you know like that is this like
exaggerated skull face in like a cool
70s jacket skinny pants and I think that
would be a really cool thing to cosplay
as like if you could find just the right
mask yeah if I have to craft your own
helmet yeah but I love dead bolts Grim
Reaper I think he is a cool cool
character if I were to cosplay I would
do it as that answer both questions
yes efficient it's efficient this dream
is all about rich efficiencies Zachos
waxes j+ are missions I love that
efficiency what are your favorite
substantially flawed games for example I
enjoyed as calm the bureau massive
factories Earth's setting and twist
weaving plot armor into the story made
up for men characters plus gameplay
you're allowed to like you're allowed to
like what what game did we think was
there most people think as mad but we
liked I'm sure there's some I'm just my
brains Dona Maximo y most most people
don't like Maximo I think that one just
I love tender everyone's worried I don't
think anyone thinks about Maximo yep oh
wait hold on we need to start mining
what does this remind you
right so you get flashbacks I get in
boredom flashbacks God you don't really
mind in this I just thought that was
hold on I got I got to get 3,000 more
gold rich that's just me pokin I'm
poking the bear do you have a mediocre
game that you love those had a mediocre
yeah but you know is mediocre not an
Alan Thicke max it was mediocre I think
it's actually a really good platformer I
think most people don't think so well I
think most people just don't think about
Maxim oh yeah it's just one of those
games that has has slept under
everyone's radar PS that was ps2 right
yep yeah for a game that most people
that don't care about that you think is
good it's okay if you can't think of one
now it happens me all the time I'm gonna
have some question I know I know there's
an answer but I can't think I'm like
Sunday I'll be like I have the answer um
I know what was really responsible for
Columbine I just can't think of what it
was no cuz it's a little bit of
everything right gun culture bullying
improper parenting parents not teaching
their kids how to deal with stuff like
that most of all door but most of all
but no no most of all Marilyn Manson
Marilyn Manson yes it was most of all
Marilyn Manson um I'm sure you know I've
just been trying to think of what I've
been playing recently so no I don't
think I have a good um I make that jump
yeah Mass Effect one is very flawed as a
shooter yeah it's horrible as a shooter
but I'm not a role-playing game
aficionado isn't it considered to be a
decent just as a role-playing game
decent enough to get two sequels yeah
certainly okay if you look at the
shooting gameplay oh my god it's
horrible sure you know even for the time
yeah I mean you know there's a lot of
games that I played just to kind of fill
time I think we talked about this last
stream I've been playing a lot of that
duelists game which is that free-to-play
card collecting game and yeah you know
what it's not the deepest this is the
strategy the card collecting it's almost
like a guilty pleasure just because I
know I can pop on play for five minutes
and pop off yeah so you for five minutes
pop off just five minutes huh huh just
five minutes huh yeah before you pop off
Department thank you rich thank you rich
person in the chat I think I think as a
shooter Mass Effect 3 was to Arkady I
think I think 2 was a better shooter
it's deeper you've said that you said a
lot of two's the gap stuff unfortunately
have to i don't know if i'd like any of
it just because i'm not a fan of Bioware
in general I know everyone keeps saying
like Knights of the Old Republic is the
shit twos a lot more tactical then three
we just run around and you fester and
you do some leaps and jumps you got you
got the badass melee it's it's a dumber
shooter 3 yet who was a better shooter
but the story was just too absent the
main story was just to absent some
fantastic characters 3 is just as linear
as fucking dull hmm before you get to
the there's the two sequences in that
game that are actually good and they're
both resolutions to subplots cuz the
game didn't give a shit about a main
story if fuckin Mass Effect 3 fuck the
people who think it's just good except
for the ending no it's got flaws up the
ass
Mass Effect 2 does world building world
building probably better than any game
Mass Effect Mass Effect 2 builds a
fucking universe mm-hmm Mass Effect 3
destroys it Oh
whomp if you want a good main story one
Mass Effect one
this doesn't better made the story than
any game it's great she's got great
world building good characters
and why did all my things disappear I
know other things disappeared and
another back we're back I'm my things
are back
why is your why does it keep buzzing
it's the vibrations on it so noxious I
hate vibration well I will turn it off
at my earliest convenience an item says
lorem ipsum dolor sit amet make sure I'm
not saying something horrible backwards
here hold on no Lauren Lauren Lauren is
uh is graphic designers okay text
template like when you know like when
you divide when you design a poster but
you don't know what words are gonna go
out your alarm it I just want to make
sure I'm not saying something about like
genocide reverse somebody could take the
audio later that's a great idea someone
do that not about genocide but about
something funny
like genocide I mean not just you know
what I mean none of us says hey Jack and
rich does Jack let his kids roam the
neighborhood or is rich right and he's
going to make them sheltered and
unprepared lol flop my nut flush well
right now they're a little too young but
like we we have a neighbor not a
neighbor we have someone who lives down
the street from us and I live in the
city and we have a friend who lives down
the street like maybe a block and a half
down the street and I let them walk that
far by themselves mhm I poked my head
out and I have like the other parents on
the phone like hey tell me whether there
yeah I can see him most of the way I let
them walk a fair distance by themselves
and as they get older I hope that
distance increases that distance
increases that's how it works how many
miles probably how many feet per year
does that increase maybe and is the
older one shackled to however far you're
letting the younger one roam no that
sucks for him no cuz then well you know
the older one then is responsible for
the younger Oh
okay okay so it's the other way around
right Wow yeah Wow sufficient he's it's
all about efficiency yeah the older one
has the burden he's that he has to be in
charge and responsible he is the burden
of responsibility Chris Gaines mm says
hope you find gents got the care package
I sent well just rich in Jane Oh sounds
like it might be in the in the Mike mail
pile though perhaps hello
buff my beard gobbledygook says this
like jak and daxter Ratchet and Clank
and banjo kazooie but without the
cartoon silliness it's an xbox exclusive
so why not try an Xbox controller oh
yeah yeah there's a standard button
layout for PC controls oh sure like I
said I died noon I know nothing about
this game because you know it was it was
just one of those III games and you're
you're a person and there's robots so I
thought there might be a larger aiming
aspect and yeah now that I have a
controller by the way this game was
meant for a controller you can tell
immediately it just makes sense with a
controller sorry Jen says how much for
Phoenix right this Sunday I'm bored as
hell you know nothing I have an answer
but I would feel like too much of a
shill if I know we can just play it on
Sunday weekend we can do that I mean
unless there's anything else but I mean
probably not that I don't think there's
any new games we want to play so we can
just do that on Sunday unless Jay shows
up because Jay doesn't do voices yeah
yeah
tell it depends on J I guess we'll put
that all on Jays shoulders and he won't
even know who won't even know which is
nice because that has an hour and
Ameland
to it dr. Harry Lime says I've cancelled
my feed a starving child with AIDS
donation to subscribe to prereq if any
animal could be rich Evans which one
would it be that too dumb to answer that
question
it's a scandal a question they'll just
if they have a head if they're lucky
enough to have a head worm I'm gonna
comprehend this sound you know what
worms not an animal I guess what you
count as an animal wait wait wait did
you just say a worms not an animal you
know what I in my head in my head I was
thinking mammals okay and Soleil and you
know worm is obviously not a mammal no
but but you said animal and uh nimit
idea I mean about Toyota what NEMA toid
Oh
Twiggy up there the AI is on an enhance
but this is what it is NEMA toid great
go easy on he was thinking mammal let's
find animal
it's fine everything's fine Jiminy
Cricket prick bastard says yes would you
say 3d artists for Triple A games are
more often s men or chest men that I
don't know I don't know if there's one
that's drawn to it more than the other
when there when you're making as a gamer
you're mostly staring at the ass well
when you're making the model you're
staring at it all equally well it
depends so like if you are making a
third-person action game yeah you get
you got to be an ass guy well you don't
have to be an ass guy you can be smart
enough to know that the ass is more to
put in port and your design sure because
that's what you're gonna be stirring up
any more attention doesn't mean you're
an ass man sure sure you're paying more
attention to the ass because that's what
you're looking at but you know if you
look at something know you know what I
am thinking of overwatch which has a lot
of scantily clad ladies and usually
their asses are more predominant than
their chests so like Blizzard ask people
I think it's all it's all here you know
like the was it wasn't like notoriously
the the Street Fighter designer who made
chun-li he's just like I just love
bigger legs on my lady like he was just
a leg dude I don't know France I think I
like both equally well oh yeah everyone
knows I like butts you cannot lie I love
butts I cannot live just like Master P
said in that rap song okay it was at
least you notice and just went somewhere
different with it what the reference I
thought you just missed the reference no
I did which was gonna be really sad but
oh he gets it he's just I know he's
clever enough to do something different
with it I was trying trying that I get
that I enjoy large posterior xym telling
the truth versus when my friends inquire
about my love of
that is not what analysis anonymous says
I tell them the truth you guys talk a
lot about games and movies what is some
of your favorite music what Jack what is
some of your favorite music
I'm still thinking of like the classy
way to do the butt song right now
I listen to a ton of different music
rich all sorts of different music I was
going through a little bit of a hip hop
phase a couple weeks ago where I was
just a hardcore listen Anna Wu Tang Clan
and ASAP Rocky and Aesop Rock mos def
right now I'm listening to a band called
mothers which is music that I can
completely understand other people
hating like I feel bad if I'm listening
to it in the car with like my kids or
wife because it's like the singer sounds
like a war beliebe Lou grass singer like
almost out of tune high-pitched and like
it's indie rock behind it and it's all
like a little ethereal and I love it I
just love it so I'm going through a girl
rock phase right now that end a tau and
the get down stay down
okay which is like female fronted indie
rock what are you listening to at the
moment
lame just just lately Leonard Cohen a
little bit of Leonard Cohen oh okay the
future darkness
everybody knows mmm one of my favorite
songs ever everybody knows everybody
knows that the dozen everybody rolls
with some depressing shit
yep but in general I think I like hard
rock just hard rock cut again Hard Rock
kind of guy hard rock and or heavy metal
was good too one more a bra ac/dc is
fucking awesome well yeah
any music that wants to destroy
it's typically pretty good yeah yeah I'm
done with that I'm down with that when I
come across the other day that I forgot
that I had in my mix is do you ever
listen to well probably not because it's
a little bit newer coheed and cambria no
it's it's this really wonderful proggy
math rock with a lead singer who like
almost sounds like he's belting out
sci-fi opera lyrics and it's just like
every part of the song is a guitar solo
and it's wailing and it's it's great
