Episode 635
ReCore-ded Previously (Part 2)
October 10, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=khVqDL_66oA
___________________________________________

it's great um what I ordered
kurwa noses kerbin o.k you are w a o NE
so it's really curl one who knows more
about Star Trek Mike or rich probably
Mike probably Mike
I love the Star Trek mm-hmm Mike Mike
probably gets more wrapped up in the the
details than I do though okay
fuck yeah sometimes math rock is just
what you need you just need angle e
guitar solos over everything Fang 14
says hey guys here's a little tip for
all the years of entertainment also
what's the last really good sci-fi book
you read I've been it's I've been
experiencing a decent sci-fi drought
thanks crisply hi my five thanks crisply
hi on my five sci-fi book Jack I my
go-to is always wool I read it like it
doesn't really count as sci-fi I only
read it because the author of wool
recommended it it's called abomination
and it's more like it's more like
medieval fantasy but it's not like it's
not like Knights and elves and bullshit
it's more like medieval fantasy meets
blood-borne where like blood monsters
come and like people morph into horrible
creatures okay
abomination kind of a weak ending but
overall a really fun read wool if you
haven't read it I know I talked about it
just
oh so much but
what was great I don't I don't read as
much as I should if there's a if there's
a proper amount you should read there is
okay I don't read that much but the
Martian oh yeah I haven't seen the film
yet books decent good it's a good book
good book good book good look good make
word read the book is good it's pretty
light and it sounds like it's a fantasy
thing but it actually manages to have a
decent sci-fi aspect to it it's a it's a
series of books called magic 2.0 where
they find out that the world is really
just a computer simulation nobody is
real nothing is real it's not like the
matrix where you're plugged into a
machine uh-huh just everything is a
program oh and they find like the file
that controls it and they can alter
reality and they can make themselves
seem like magicians like wizards
interest yes that actually sounds kind
of fun it's a neat premise very light
very fun there's a short story I have
read recently to two decent ones one
that recently ones I just love first one
I read a couple weeks ago is uh somebody
wrote a short story that's a retelling
of John Carpenter's The Thing written
from the things point of view that's
funny and that is that is a good read
it's a pretty short story you can read
it in an hour or something like that
and then if you can find it this is a
short story called they're made of meat
they're made of me just read it don't
look it up just just read it they're
made of meat
all right just trust me and read it okay
it sounds great by the way
Jack are you enjoying this oh this is
short I'm sorry there's a short film
version of they're made of meat
interesting I'll have to look that up
alright sorry go ahead
are you enjoying this yeah so it looks
as dull as I thought it would be it
looks you saying this Ridge was right
yeah we're like what are you not right
you know I mean it's you know what it's
not bad mm-hmm
it's even kind of fun sometimes we're so
early on in the game I don't I'm really
hoping that something changes up
something changes you know like it's
been a lot of the same stuff okay shoot
shoot the robot capture the core go to
the next glowy thing so I'm really
hoping that their friend it's a lot of
the same stuff that can be fine if the
same stuff is fun to do yes agreed most
games are the same thing over and over
again that's every shooter it's ever
been made I know that's gonna bring out
well that this shooter did this was
different well it's not that way the
whole game I mean general yeah most
games you're doing the same thing
repeatedly repeatedly right and so far
there's not a ton holding my interest by
were very very early yeah this so
screams next-gen gaming yeah you know it
almost like it almost makes you wonder
if this was supposed to be an Xbox one
launch title you know that was like just
there to
- uh what we're saying this kg and foon
a sucks is that that's cuz that's the
point kind of what I'm saying here but I
don't know you know what let me let me
finish it out like do you want to play
at all I mean no I have no interest in
playing this whatsoever okay let me let
me get a little more playtime in then
and we'll make our final decision I can
try and play it if you want to just
interact with traffic you know we can
I'm just saying if you're saying do I
want to yeah that's what I'm saying
okay no that's fair but I will I will
for the sake of the street sure what it
no that's fair cog a in foon a all right
Caillou g ke g okay I looked this up
before our episode and according to
people it's Chi eg it's fine it's fine
in a foon a kg in a phone a
friend hello battery friend Skulltula
houses hot take rich intentionally spews
radical controversial theories to force
chat into sub only mode cause non subs
to pony up for a subscription profit no
that's not why I don't know in fact if
you remember last room we told all of
our mods to ease up on the so a double
up hey mods he's up he's up on the whole
on the whole deleting comments and stuff
it's we can loosen up a little bit the
chat has to be getting out of hand
yeah measures need to be taken and
obviously we don't want it to get out of
hand but let's let's just be cool human
beings are capable of having a civilized
discussion absolutely so yeah well start
to start easing the reins a little bit
obviously if things get nuts you fuck
yeah lock it down button but it's okay
to it's okay to loosen up a little bit
you know mom madam says are there any
movies that made you physically sick
physically sick I mean not like to the
point of vomit but I saw I saw a
Cronenberg's fly when I was when I was
younger and man when he starts changing
into brundlefly that that burns into
your brain oh I don't know that I would
say that made me sick though it's
wonderfully discussed it's wonderfully
disgusting I'm trying to think of
something of it actually actually made
me sick I can't even thinking about it
now though I didn't see clips of society
recently and that comes close that goes
damn close alright
if somebody could probably is one of
those things where and this is probably
something out there this made me a
little bit squeamish but not thinking of
it right Carrie Lasher says haven't been
on for a while I've been been watching
rlm again as it seems to somehow happen
for no good reason
hope you guys are well did you get
married rich Evans
I loved everybody step step one was
getting her butt up here which just
happened last month right
step two is her getting settled in
getting a job you know she hasn't
started you know the new job so settled
in then I think we could really think
about it but right Sarge largely in her
hands Finn I don't go to if she wants I
will go to a justice of the peace
tonight if she wants you hear that Karen
Huma may or may not be watching she's
probably not watching speaking of binge
watching I had all these plans this week
it's all I know it's only once a week
sent overhead this week was going to be
my week of catching up yeah I'm gonna
watch a bunch of movies you know we're
not particularly working on an episode
right now all my other work is taken
care of and so this was going to be my
week of watching movies to catch up with
all the shit that I've missed okay and
so on Monday I decided to put something
out in the background while I like check
the emails and you know like I check our
Twitter every once in a while make sure
like I'm keeping up with people fix a
couple we got some new graphics for
previously recorded I don't know if
anyone has noticed on our YouTube page
and on our twitch page now we got some
new graphics and they look awesome and I
really like them so you know just doing
some random house claims like oh you
know what I've been catching up
I've been rewatching daredevil season 2
and jessica jones to prepare myself for
Luke Cage I'll put on an episode of
Jessica Jones do you really need to
watch those to prepare for Luke Cage
well Jessica Jones yeah Luke Cage is a
big part of just okay okay but they're
you know Daredevils like yeah
wanted to rewatch it anyway and I was
kind of over you know it was fine so so
like I put on an episode of Jessica
Jones and that has been all week for me
is now binge watching Jessica Jones
again no and it is way better the second
time I liked it the first time through
but god damn is that a good show and
it's just a fine fine show so I didn't
watch any of the movies I wanted to
watch because I rewatched Jessica Jones
and now I'm finally over with that he's
finally he's finally left to part I'm
not sure what what he found what he's
got going on my brother yeah what
staying on my place forbid and lately my
binge watching has been cheering him off
we've been watching ash vs. Evil Dead
nice and me and Kara made him watch
stranger things yes he enjoyed it as he
should what why wasn't i extracting mama
says what is your favorite place you
have traveled to I'm not a big traveler
my ideal vacation is is like just
chilling out at home that's my ideal
vacation you gotta get out there rich
she's got like going downtown to enjoy
the the bike trail traveling I don't I
don't do much of it at some for me gotta
get out there and for me it's Africa
yeah I got to go to South Africa for a
video shoot and it's the absolute
farthest away I've ever been and it's so
different and that's what traveling is
all about and I got to hang out with
some people I really enjoy for a week
and a half in South Africa and we there
was like a big snafu and the hotel we
were going to stay at didn't really pan
out and so there were on there there
were four of us staying in quite
literally a garden shed
the people who brought us down upper our
producers who brought us down to shoot
this video it is high five World Cup for
anyone wondering we got to go down for
the World Cup our hotel thing got mixed
up in every hotel everywhere was booked
up because the World Cup yeah
they had rented a house for like a dozen
of their people and there was a garden
shed with concrete floors for the four
of us to sleep in in the backyard
oh how pleasant but it's it's just one
of those experiences where hey you
didn't get AIDS
didn't get is so no but do you know like
just four of us good friends we've known
each other I started losing my hair your
friends well you know it was just one of
those experiences where it was obviously
a weird situation but four of us good
friends shooting a video editing at
night just being in fucking Africa we
went to his little safari saw lions and
giraffes and shit we got to feed a
giraffe like they don't have laws like
they had like a heavier a flexible other
damn necks they get all the way around
like how'd it like like slick like this
or like this or some something in
between just their neck it like does it
Bend much or does it is it like one of
those you know those you know those
birds they dip in the glass does it like
that a little bit of both a little bit
does bend a little bit they they can get
all the way to the ground but I'm always
curious how flexible those damn necks
are they're they're very flexible okay
and so I was like you know we got to
just we got to go in one of those trucks
where the Lions attack the trucks
because they don't give a shit about
like consumer safety in Africa it was it
was amazing it was just amazing
and it's it's one of those life
experiences that that uh
weapon up oh great that I just have now
and that's that's beautiful like during
that trip we conned our way into an ESPN
press conference conned conned we you
know cuz the the whole the whole idea
with these high five videos is get as
many locations and celebrities as you
can in your video yeah that's what
they're all about and so for this one it
was just sports people and and African
locations because we're in Africa yeah
and we knew we had a couple contacts
here and there so like we got to shoot
with the US team one day and like you
know we just got a whole bunch of them
it was during their practice but we
needed more sports people and I don't
know anything about sports and what
luckily one of our producers did and so
we pull up to one of their newly built
stadiums and it's just all of us in a
minivan and a armed guard stops us
because again it's Africa they should've
had anything armed guards we conned our
way into the front gate mmm-hmm and
we're the armed guard how did you con
your way into the front gate
it was specific it was great this is a
great this was a fantastic time so so
the armed guard says you know tells us
to turn around and we go oh no no we're
we're here for a shoot and you know I
hold up the the video cable that I have
and the armed guard goes no no I don't
think so and and and the our producer
who's just the slickest talking guy in
the world he's just like no no
absolutely we're supposed to be here for
a shoot jennipher inside
jennipher inside call her up and let her
know and the guy goes let me see your
IDs the key yeah to being a place you're
not supposed to be cuz acting like you
belong there of course yeah of course
and so he asked for our IDs which does
nothing cuz like I have a Wisconsin
driver's life right he looks at him yeah
but that just gets us into the compound
you know it's still like a soccer
stadium right then but but so now we
have one chink in the armor so we we
drive around the soccer stadium until we
see a big list of cards this worth
possibly being in a South African prison
we would have talked their way out of
that age Jack cuz they so we drive
around the stadium until we see a big
clump of cars and we just go to the
clump of cars we have no idea what we're
doing there's a clump of cars there
there must be people there again we run
into our second guard our second wave of
security second armed guard second armed
guard and you know these are people who
are freshly hired they probably have not
been trained well and for this one I
take lead on it and I have my big camera
bag and I and I have my my rig ready to
go and so the guard starts coming up to
us and all I do is like swing my
background go finally you're here to
take us to that you're here to take us
is be a little indignant because if
you're supposed to be there you're you
can be a little indignant yeah yeah and
the guy looks at me and I was like
you're here to take us right and he's
like the the the the press conference
and I was like yes we're here for the
press conference we didn't know there
was a we didn't know what was there what
no years ago and so a venture alight and
so he's just like oh yeah right over
here so he lets us in the door and then
you know points us in the right sergeant
oh thanks so much
I really save your butts we run up and
catch like the last bit of an ESPN press
conference and so it's like a bunch of
real reporters with lacquers yeah yeah
and everything and so like we're just
kind of sitting there I'm the only one
with the camera like someone guys giving
a little talk and there's some people up
there and they get done with a little
talk and they go okay so
you know we're gonna go on to the field
and everyone will get blah blah with
this certain going over the state like
and so now what are you actually hoping
to do what we want to do is get athletes
to get celebrity athletes because that
like if a celebrity athlete is in the
video you can tag them in the video
actually get them to like to do a
high-five either them do a high-five or
literally all the whole high fives chick
they just need to be in the shot
somewhere and then our two high fibers -
okay or to get onto a field like a
proper soccer or football pitch you know
like we just want to go we just need
something uh-huh and so now we're part
of a group so we waited and you know
like some people leave and and now we're
part of a group of reporters story is
great I'm so I'm surprised I've never
told this stuff oh I've never heard this
oh so now we're part of a group and we
we all get assured out onto the pitch
you know the pitch is where they play
soccer the soccer field and you know
there's this one special area where
we're supposed to be but all of a sudden
someone notices that we don't have yeah
uh everyone gets a what do they call
those like well it's like the necklace
with the laminated thing on it
where's where's your lacquer or whatever
they call where's your badge and I was
like and you know for me like I have a
camera so luckily I get to I get the
luxury of playing dumb I don't they
didn't tell me I needed a badge I just
I'm just here shooting like who are you
shooting and you know like I point to my
two guys I'm like oh we're shooting who
you here with
what's good you know like yeah they
think it's just a paperwork mess-up who
are we a funny or diet I thought I
remembered something about that hold on
for a second do that I don't everything
here's so messed up let me hold up hold
on for a second hold on for saying there
they run away we assume that they're
gonna go like double check their
informations like quick shoot so like we
shot a shot of where we shot it out over
here they come back with our fucking
lanyard
they come back and it like it doesn't
have her names on it it just has funnier
guy right now and he's like so sorry
about this absolutely okay and then he
goes then it goes what do you guys need
because that's his job like he's the
press coordinator he makes sure that
stuff is going to happen and so then
it's like well who's on the phone so we
got a couple really great shots with
with like some other TV personalities a
great shot of the pitch yeah good work
oh no there there are so many little
stories like that of us counting our way
into stuff like we got to shoot with
I'll save this story for another time
because I got to stretch out the stories
of what what is his name now son Kim
moon the you this the the secretary of
the United Nations no we count our way
into a high-five with him son what sigh
I forget his fucking name but I we have
a lot of little stories like that should
start doling them out well but there's
one I get one oh my god we got so many
tips
that's unbelievable
it's our guide Nixon says Jack yeah if I
sent you a mixtape with some music I
some music I think you'd like on it
would you be able to listen to it like a
cassette that's they say that's what
they're saying nobody seems to own tape
decks or Walkmans anymore except
miserable hipsters like me haha I am
apparently not a miserable hipster I do
not own
I do not own anything that will play a
cassette there you have it I'm sorry if
you also send along some sort of
cassette oh no cuz I don't even have
speakers no I have no way to listen to a
cassette and I'm very sorry if you send
me like a like a CDR I can listen to
that but I know hipsters think that
there's something inherently better
about cassettes but that's no reason
yeah I mean I agree dissing says listen
Richard and Jack yes have any of you
seen citizen for the lorem culturist
documentary about Snowden
if not please do also what's your
opinion on the Iraq war Isis and the
Columbine shootings well well let's just
get this out of the way strife in
traverses plate dishonored before the
sequel drops in November you will love
it red letter media was an inside job
lol boo-boo Limoges dawdler do learn
boo-boo my gist doodler lol let me get
this right
lol Shaboom i jizz doodler that's
exciting I know I should play dishonour
I need any of the time I need the time
that's my life to do it that's the
problem I'm gonna be I know I'm gonna be
busy the next two days oh oh yeah you
have something important to do for the
very few days yep she's making some sort
of some sort of video project it's not
an episode it's not an episode
it's not an episode but you're shooting
some sort of video project the next
couple days the off switch says rich if
you had to cosplay as a non human
character from the film Doctor Dolittle
which non-human Doctor Dolittle
character would it be I've not seen
Doctor Dolittle I'm sorry I cannot
answer that question fired back fired
mega biotic frog says I recently got a
copy of my old n64 favorite conquers bad
for day uh fun story and great
multiplayer what are your thoughts in
the game I don't haven't played the game
you haven't played it at all no I mean I
played it back in the day but it's been
far too long I don't remember anything
about it I thought that was just one of
those games that everybody kind of
played traitor no we were over this
recently and I was saying this wrong
traitor - traitor - zine CH yeah because
I'm supposed to know that the t's Island
Sailing that's part of it the same okay
uh too tired to make a real comment 240
am hope you've had a good day and that
my name drives you to greater madness
see you next time
also maybe stand up we haven't stood up
no well the stand up timer has
disappeared
you know what the standard proceedings
you're right we should price tandem
loner Archon says Jack okay
when will you when will you share your
Fred Savage story also what is this
movie called partners that you speak of
in the interview okay also this is
amazing that's all partners who gave us
that interview again kill screen listen
when I say I'm not going to tell a story
you also have to cut out of the podcast
this the set up to the story that I'm
not gonna tell just just a quick hint
you're also supposed to cut out that
part no I'm not gonna tell my Fred
Savage story because
I'm not I'm not like I probably will
never have a relationship with Fred
Savage but it's unprofessional it's not
it would be unprofessional of me to tell
look you got the you got the the South
Africa story and I that's worth its
weight in in 10 all right seven stories
I have several stories about lying my
way into events I will share all of
those stories Richard the Fred Savage
story it's probably even that good
that's not really it's not really that
good so anonymous s Jack I'm Jack and
rich too but probably more Jack okay did
you ever watch homestar runner back in
the day fuck yeah and if so what do you
think love the streams both you keep up
the great work I've just seen a little
bit of strong band it's all I know
stronger Barry I've heard him respond to
mail or something yeah I can't say a
huge fan though that would obviously be
alive oh yeah I loved it back in the day
and especially especially a homestar
runner or an at-home strong Bad's
teenage girl squad I'm familiar with it
because everyone always used to say that
plink it sounded like strong bad what is
a strong bad strong beds the the rest
okay but but he like in in the world of
homestar runner strong bad made his own
comic called teenage girl squad okay and
he does all the voices for all the
different girls and it's like Courtney
the ugly one it's very funny okay it's
very very funny but yeah I was I was a
fan of homestar runner back in the day
the blue blazes in the fire watch review
yep you didn't talk much about what
happens in the story were you
disappointed with the ending if so what
do you think would have been better
opinions on walking simulators a walking
simulators are worthless as a game you
just make your film but I liked the
ending it was appropriate for the
characters yes I agree I my my quiet so
we didn't talk much about the actual
story because we didn't want to spoil
anything and literally the whole point
of Firewatch is to experience the story
so I guess also spoiler alert spoiler
alert we're about to talk about the
ending of fire watch if you have any
interest in playing fire watch and
enjoying the story like mute it for two
minutes now any in the end of fire watch
by the way I never get sick of reading
Rich's right again I never get sick of
reading that that's great yeah in the
ending of fire watch your characters
wife died in the beginning of fire
watching and the whole game takes place
while you are talking with this new lady
on the phone
new lady the way it sounded like you
said nude nude which is entirely
different we don't know what she's
wearing rich in my head knows this new
lady and developing a relationship with
her and that's kind of a big part of the
story and the character is getting over
that I will wave my hands like this when
the spoilers are done yeah and and
finally after a bunch of wacky
misadventures you have you think you are
going to meet this new lady and she
already left and she just knows she
that's just like now it's just not gonna
work we shouldn't mean and that's how it
ends not meeting and I thought it was
very appropriate okay cuz it wasn't yeah
wasn't about your relationship the the
story was not about your relationship
with her yeah it was about dealing with
the loss of your wife yes yeah yes so
said you done I am done okay for anyone
who is listening tell people spoilers
over and that's that's when he
sacrificed his life to save the lady who
was on the other end of the line and
they made out for for 20 minutes all
during the credits well no because he
was he was dying he jumped in for the
bullet oh you got the bullet ending yeah
oh I didn't get the bullet that's what
he actually find the killer
see this is you know like I I like games
that make you replay it four different
endings I got a whole different ending
where I died of poison oak poisoning
that's weird
yeah you didn't get the little mini game
where you had to eat all of them the
playoffs
apparently I chose wrong huh it ended
with my insides itching to death to
death
Donovan says any chance of the Knights
of the Old Republic to stream no only
child says Jack yeah I started watching
Supergirl because of your recommendation
and I think I love it it's a little
corny and hokey and a ton of fun when
Jimmy Olsen first showed up I burst out
laughing yeah definitely hokey and it
doesn't get much better but it's it's
kind of fun and I hate it that's so
cheesy I'm very interested to see where
where they go with it now that it's on
CW especially knowing that they're
bringing Superman in now mm-hmm and it's
a totally different Superman all the
talking into the movie Oh Supergirl yeah
Olsen in that they have a cameo I don't
remember the TV show okay okay the
Supergirl TV show it's I think I think
it's more bad than good but some of the
good some of the good wrench Jim a
little bit of the good is pretty good
but overall it's pretty bad well I'm
sorry it's like this wrench
I I'm never gonna watch the show I'm
never ever going to watch the show I
actually gave up on it after a few
episodes just because I thought it was
so bad but then I rewatched it all
because I knew the flash was gonna be on
it there was gonna be the flash across
the old things I want to catch up I
wanted to catch up what if I miss
something and then her that it's you
know the flash crosses dimensions and
and hangs out with Supergirl for a day
and it was the most fun episode ever
yeah yeah even though it totally sucked
like the villains were terrible and
their motivations sucked and the flash
didn't really do anything to save the
day he had no purpose for being there
really but it was so much fun they read
they ran fast and flew and ate ice cream
together and it was like wow this is
great and I saw very
after I saw dawn of justice it was like
fresher yes
Oh oh my god characters in the DC
Universe having fun they're not supposed
to do that right there was a palate
cleanser but so I'll probably check it
out once it's on the CW so no but so
you're gonna have to sacrifice that dog
in the end of the game by shoving the
dog's core and a thing is that the
ending
oh that's just try it enough yes yes so
I'm gonna say yes wrench let me know if
I called it it just came out yesterday
so I don't know other spoilers out there
I'm sure Wow don't take long
strife in traverses booty booty booty
booty booty everywhere
this time it's lupus says hey guys rich
you'd be a housecat you can sit around
doing nothing all day sometimes getting
up to throw up in someone's shoes maybe
once in a while go after your owner for
petting you you do that everything about
that you know like a disgusting cat
you start the game over at the beginning
and a new universe with a broken-down
dog ah I get it I get to chef Dean nein
nein nein says was wondering if you guys
got the VHS tapes I sent to the RL MPO
box
I got a few more donate as well probably
but like I said we're for no particular
reason we're not opening the mail for a
month I'm getting it so I'll sing in the
corner and we're gonna see how much we
get them up I probably have your tapes I
don't know what they are yet sure is
very exciting thank you thank you Little
Italy thank you
all that tapes we have in the wall
everything we watching the show it's it
shit that's been doing it partners
hearts said to us by a fan oh and by
someone who was asking me on Twitter
speaking of partners someone was asking
me on Twitter's like about this partners
and they said like oh is it this movie
from 1982 I cannot just through Google
alone because I don't know the name of
the filmmaker I cannot find any
information on partners it does not
exist we didn't find that DVD right yeah
we found it it was there was a mini
crisis here at the studio when we
couldn't find our copy of partners yes
you're not gonna be able to find it
it's very obscure it's very obscure it's
so obscure it just like Google does not
work I'm waggly Google does not work to
find partners you need other methods
fuck fuck you Oh Kerry Lasher says I had
to tip you more money because you sang
Leonard Cohen rich Evans ha ha ha that
brings me joy and I feel so much closer
to you thank you thank you
sorry chin says do any of you to enjoy
an electronic music at all
I've always enjoyed trance and house
music though I do know they've been
watered down a lot lately due to pop I
like electronic music I like all sorts
of stuff I'm a musical idiot what counts
is electronic music techno I think
that's in a Daft Punk uh oh yeah
definitely that mall I don't listen to
Daft Punk
I like the Tron Legacy sound effect rack
no that's a oh that's a great soundtrack
that is a great example of electronic
music what is it what is the some of the
music they used in theif countess is
that is that electronic you wouldn't
know did you different laid the game I
like that I don't know things I don't
know music thing I'm a musical idiot I
really am
I've never I've never pretended to be oh
yeah music this and that Karen could
talk about music for hours I've never
heard of them what do they what song do
they do Mac I think I think I inherited
that from my dad
he didn't know who did the satisfaction
really and he's an elderly
spark man sweet man did not know who did
I ain't got no satisfaction that's that
was shit shocked me cuz I thought I was
the the most musically unemployed man in
the world yeah yeah yeah
thief soundtrack is kind of industrial
okay see I don't know things I don't
know things is that is that a lot of
different industrial is more kind of
like rock techno okay like into
industrials like techno but with with
distortion on it okay so so yeah I guess
I could see you like industrial would be
closer to like would be closer to Rob
Zombie is like the Rob Zombie of techno
take up a lot of stuff that's on matrix
would be like industrial matrix
soundtrack if you remember any of that
specific yeah I'd like I really enjoyed
dubstep and techno music def Punk I
enjoy it just a little bit everything I
have yet to find a genre of music that I
will completely right off
and I guess we're at a point now where
people wouldn't know who did
satisfaction just because they're too
young
sure but the Rolling Stones I can't get
no satisfaction I can't get no girly
action but I try is that right is that
right
I see I'm yeah and I Drive I just enjoy
that you're singing down dananana
God that sounds terrible I know I'm not
trying I'm not that dumb to actually try
I'm not that dumb to actually try I know
my limitations gamer child you cases
hijackin rich Evans hello did you see
that Dead Rising one finally being
ported to PC PC story wise what do you
mean story wise oh oh that's a different
sentence because I'm dumb that story
wise it's my favorite dead rising game
Frank is back for D F for Capcom finally
sees Frank as the main Pole not the
zombies Frank voiced by a different guy
which largely defeats the point and
they're getting rid of the timer
completely for dr4 which means I have
absolutely no interest Dead Rising 1 is
the best in the series specifically
because it's got that really well II
well just that fine-tuned timer they
they got that perfect mm-hmm-hmm because
you've got to be perfect to do
everything you know it's perfect it's
great well that's the idea where it's
like worth it you know but not
everybody's gonna do everything and
you're gonna feel bad like oh I couldn't
save that one guy ran out of time just
kind of like a real-life situation well
do I save them or do I do this right
right but they made it just so if you
busted ass and we're perfect beautiful
that's great beautiful Dead Rising 2
like my second time I played through the
game I minimal minimal effort I did
everything
yeah Dead Rising 1 though perfect
Dead Rising for any effect right
it's a fuck that rising for Wii III you
can we can I have the zombie game
moratorium that you wanted with no with
no restrictions put on
I mean you said you were gonna run for
president yes and one of your platforms
it's gonna be a hold on all zombie games
yes that that's my that's my one present
my promise to you is is a law
restricting the output of zombie game
and I withheld my support because if
Dead Rising for that's true that's right
that that is no longer the case you now
have my full unconditional support
Congress and the Senate will take care
of literally everything else I will hire
you know like a decent Secretary of
State they can talk to all the foreign
nations of nations I will run for
president on one promise no zombie games
for two years just to I well because
he's no no and yet for four years you
can't you can't even develop a zombie
game if we if you are cause I'm
developing a zombie game you will be
punished we need it we need a two year
break from zombie games yes I say two
years for the development for years for
even releasing cuz the minute the two
years is up there's gonna be a ton of
there's gonna be a glut
cuz that has been enough time it's gonna
be a glut of cheaply developed terrible
ones okay the unintended consequences
vice president is rich Evans because he
thinks my policies through a little bit
so to two years of no development and
then another two years before release I
like it I don't know what I'm doing so
it's just that easy vote vote uh Packard
Evans no more zombie games I do like you
know what even though like this is such
a Mega Man Thing I really fuckin like
these boots and Dead Rising on PC was
the one the first game was gifted to me
and thank you very much thank you
I can I can now I can now mothball my my
piece of shit 360
the your your dead rising machine the
thing that only existed for dead rising
it has the good version of Ninja Gaiden
2 but I can play this the one without
Gor on the ps3 so there's that sure oh
yeah no I'm sure like much like
speakeasies they'll be like like I'm on
tour on the black web
they'll be trading zombie games they
won't be new ones you can you think we
can't even sell like a pre-existing
zombie game I'm curious how far your
your anti-zombie policy goes well the
the idea behind this policy yeah is is
the market hasn't adjusted itself yet
it's too flooded the zombie market is
now too big to fail and so we need to or
is failing because it's too big oh one
of those things and so what I'm trying
to do I'm trying to think of the future
I'm trying to think of a future where a
zombie game will be fun again and so we
just need a break and the market is not
adjusting for itself if you actually
want them to be fun again you're gonna
need to go further cuz this is one of
those things that when the restriction
is lifted yeah it's you're gonna get bad
ones all over again they're just gonna
put them on hold they're gonna put them
on ice you need to have if you're if you
want to do this the way you want to do
you gotta go full authoritarian and
there's gonna have to be like lots of
very specific guidelines put in place
for when you make your zombie game I
have a better idea yeah
so the problem with zombie games is
there's too many of them right and for
some reason the market hasn't adjusted
people they're still earning money so
people aren't sick of them yet yeah
right check check out this devious
presidential shit right here government
subsidies for game studios to create
zombie games
flood the markets so harsh with zombie
games that the people have to choose not
to point them so you're advocating a
trump presidency no no sneaky shit like
this happens all the time you want it
you really want to hear you go toyou god
no I've never advocated from presidency
let's see how much you like it what I'm
saying is the we need to push we need a
kick in the right direction here so we
flood the market with zombie games so
everyone is sick of zombie games that
way the business cos can can rebound
naturally ok ok that's that sounds like
a zombie game apocalypse yes that's the
point and after the apocalypse comes
comes the cleansing no Jan do this with
superhero movies they have been it's
just not working again we need to push
we need to push you can't you can't
flood the market with any more superhero
movies it's already been done didn't we
go through this it's at 60% it's already
at 60% of movies is a comic book movie
clicky click says hey Jack did you read
the sequels to wool yes they are titled
shift and dust and they are fantastic I
have I've talked about this a little bit
before where I don't think either of
them is as good as wool shift and dust
but I love the world of wool so much
that I read them and enjoyed them
but individually like neither of them
are all rights good I'm woman what was
just too perfect a book gobbledygook so
strapping Guk's Jack guy Jack I'm Jack
after watching lots of girls stream this
yesterday this yesterday as opposed to
yesterday it's this yesterday stream
this yesterday oh that makes more sense
Street likes a lot more sense well this
came out yesterday so I'm sure a lot of
people were streaming it yes
gobbledygook this yesterday I get it
rooming they visit after seeing a lot of
people stream recore yesterday is the
proper way to I think you're not playing
efficiently do the dungeons they get
tough you like wandering around
aimlessly in the open world role dog you
got a raw got a role I just did a
dungeon it was a fine dungeon I'm still
figuring it out obviously wait I didn't
want to go here I want to go to my thing
where's my where's me home
and want to go home
recruit more pimps for you says yep
there is a fantastic female fronted band
from LA called dead Sarah they are a
hard rock band with a dose of blues and
a bit of prog e eccentricity mmm I'll
send you a link on Twitter for you to
hear
that'd be great you can to to hear game
she'll do cases hi rich
hi jack and rich Evans I saw Jack with
hair and a beard in Grabowski season 3
no that's true any plans to grow back a
beard someone on reddit said I don't
like that Jack glad they replaced him
with bald Jack ha ha ha i does look
weird you can yeah you can see me with
hair and a beard on the garbowsky's you
can see me with hair with a beard on the
behind-the-scenes for the great space
gym yeah oh yeah I head well but I also
have makeup I'm sure everything the
behind the scenes of the great Space Jam
you can see me with hair would be a bunt
oh sure yeah I had a little beard in the
in the in the Phantom Menace review if
you want to see full beer oh I haven't
seen this and you you have you just
might not recognize that full beard and
longest hair you have to watch poop
again P I I play the mayor or something
I wrote it yeah it probably is not
registering with brains that's like the
second time I ever saw you write poop
again P I and poop again P I I have my
biggest beard and longest hair my hair
slicked back uh-huh
but that that is the thing that is the
video evidence that I can easily point
to as my largest beard and longest hair
I think I was the mayor yeah how's the
mayor madam says remember that one will
the worst when you guys watched the VHS
tape for dogs what I recently learned
that dogs were not capable of watching
TV until the invention invention of the
HDTV that's true what a fucking scam
wait how does this work because of the
way dogs see and back in the day tube
televisions were interlaced yeah so what
would happen is half of the screen would
show up and then a fraction second like
the other half would show up and over
and over and over again that's how old
TVs work like this yeah and because of
the way dogs eyes work they couldn't
really see anything they couldn't make
out objects and so once HD TVs and more
importantly a progressive scan showed up
dogs started watching television I read
I read an article about that I have to
look into this that's that's bizarre
isn't it that's very bizarre and so then
that that tape for dogs is a double scam
rich or well I know the scam was was
just stupidity no they didn't know the
dogs couldn't sure sure that's it mama
says come on Jurgen Klopp smite II
Liverpool Reds I read the thing none of
us said would you say that fly too is
underrated just because it doesn't have
a dark ending like the first doesn't
make it schlock I have to relaunch the
flight - I saw it when I was a kid in
the theaters and I liked it I thought
the monster was really cool but I I need
to rewatch it before I can give that a
verdict as to whether or not it holds up
I don't even think I've ever seen the
fly - yep so
yeah uh-uh yep mention they made the fly
where the fly was kind of a good guy
oh if they did yeah
oh thank you what kind of sorry oh we're
liking it it's just a different type of
movie it's not exactly the same kind of
body horror that the original is sure
no friends yes antihero yes that's the
right word
he was an antihero yeah no little friend
I have all of my friends not rich all of
my little friends come with me little
friends come with me little green flat
friend my little green friends we will
dance tour guide Nixon says I think you
missed my earlier tip also to make more
use of this tip I thought I would have
Muse you guys I thought it would amuse
you guys to know that they on ironically
showed kids sand airbags in my driver's
ed class kids sand airbags that's great
Freddie fucking Williams man he he
knocks it out of the park with those
drawings do those things like redo your
double jump yeah they recharge your
booster boots and your double jump so it
makes for interesting platforming is
that drawing he did of the decapitated
Timmy it's gold it's gold and the bearer
mmm and the bear air bag and tour guide
Nixon I probably didn't miss your tip
we're just flooded we're absolutely
flooded because we actually talked about
the things you asked in the temple it's
tough because you know we want we do we
want to like like we've probably got
about 20 tips during the South Africa
story and I'm sorry that was a long
story is a great story it's worth it I'm
glad you think so
there you are general 8/5 says if you
could marry any man any animal what
animal would each be this is enter at ET
what animal would it be a human yeah I
would prefer human I would probably
marry a human as evidenced by the fact
that I actually am going to marry a
human sure but like let's say it you
know like you had to choose a nonhuman
animal but like then blaze says get
divorced and that'd be a whole other
thing cuz I'm already married my last
tip because I just remembered you guys
should definitely check out
Owl boy that comes out in November it's
the boyhood of games it took 10 years to
make also Jack could cosplay Picard
he doesn't seem interested i oh you know
what I
I've heard about ala boy I think I wrote
that down how will boys um I've heard
about it and that's that's the best I
can do is yes I've heard about ala boy
what
where are you going dog aah
motor Arkon says jack yes um Jack since
you haven't seen the room
I have not I'll tell you my biased
interpretation of the movie is a really
bad softcore porn movie with an even
worse story that you will never
understand what I'm why our transfer
sins Wow Jack I'm Jack the guy gives you
a high five runs the UN and you even
can't be bothered to remember his name
it was so long ago and he has a strange
name I'm sorry you a heartless player
what is his name
you're not gonna tell me what son Kim I
think it's son Kim moon
knowing he didn't like he didn't he was
really apprehensive about well yeah the
strangers asking him to give him a high
five yeah yeah weird I think I had the
fuck am I supposed to go here nonsense
hey guys
all right here same old shit shiny new
goose there's a crazy rumor going around
that no one has ever been angry at Jack
how true is this please be as honest as
possible well I've never been angry at
Jack who would be angry at me it's too
easy going mano kartoffel says rich if
you had rich if you had the disguise
yourself as a creature to get on Noah's
Ark to escape divine and Alan because
you can't enter as human and you
couldn't sneak on what does what you
disguise yourself as I would murder no
up and just take his boat and fuck the
animals I just take the ones I can eat
Scottie 69 says hey guys I did the hack
fraud dear and various other fan art
retweeted by rlm hey now that I am
making a living as an artist here's five
bucks
thanks well thank you fan art is neat
turn no sorry
yes when I was weird because just sent
me just saying turn turn turn turn
smuggler 44 says hey guys what do you
think of the iron giant I just got the
new release on blu-ray and it's just as
incredible as when it came out did you
come I didn't even know it came out on
blu-ray so that gets me excited I'm
trying to a brilliant film great
documentary and the blu-ray about the
making as well whoo sounds like I'm
coming blu-ray shopping later hero Gen 6
is Jack I'm Jack the wife and Firewatch
wasn't dead she had early onset dementia
and her parents took her back to
Australia because he couldn't cope it's
still dealing with loss it is that's
right
well it wasn't it implied that and
taking responsibility to like to go be
with her right even though she's
basically gone I thought there was an
implication of death but you're right
you're absolutely right but yes the it's
still lost and it's still dealing with
change and a lot of themes a lot of good
themes it's been it's also been a while
since I've played it where's my home I
want to go home
well we get stop the stream and they
tell you what which doesn't get it
mr. ed Chiu 12 says rich every time I
see you interact with Mike I have
memories triggered by a bully like
relationship I had in high school I feel
one of this one over these days rich is
going to snap and give him a piledriver
well Mike hates me in reality it's
really bad that's really true
that's really true you guys are super
best friends who have known each other
for years and just dick around well I I
learned a long time ago anybody who was
jerk I didn't want to have anything to
do with him yeah like I was never dying
to fit in with the in crowd at school if
if person didn't like me they can go
fuck themselves
uh-huh I didn't want anything to do with
them either that's a very healthy
attitude right yeah it's lessons junior
high taught me that's good some people
don't learn
crunky says crunky hey guys I'm late
tuning in tonight
how is recore fine it's all fine like
it's it's not bad and now that I'm
playing with a controller things are
feeling a little smoother it's it's not
bad at all I don't know if it's good
okay middle of the road cut a standard
kind of boring yeah because it's so
standard it's just you know standard and
boring what the fuck that for looking at
that trailer where everything looks
standard and boring this is very
standard and boring and yeah tired sad
says do you think Kevin Smith will
commit suicide after his film after
after his films his next movie moose
Jones no I think he just doesn't give a
shit anymore
he's gonna make what he wants yep even
if it's fucked up I'm stupid and good
for him well let him make his fucked up
stupid movies let him not give a shit
about what people think good for Kevin
Smith whatever whenever somebody kills
themselves you think I had no idea
they're gonna do it well not when ever
but a lot of times like had no idea
uh-huh and that could be going on with
Kevin Smith but I I've not seen anything
that would indicate that he was super
depressed no no he's gonna do his
podcast he's gonna make his weird movies
and he's gonna defend terrible things
hahaha that's his life that's his life
that's just he's got to prove he's a
fanboy by defending all the terrible
fanboy things yep
and also Kevin Smith has a built-in
audience and he has yet to lose the
audience that will go see his movies
so he'll be fine he's not gonna make big
movies anymore but guess what big movies
are dying unless you are Disney or
Warner Brothers nobody's making big
movies anymore
or making money at big movies anymore
turn said says no need to read this
aloud but I'm going do it I think I
think deep down you know I would too now
that he's leading the national polls are
you seriously worried that Trump will
win now yes I'm seriously worried that
Trump would will win the thing is I am
also seriously worried that Hillary
Clinton could win I will we're fucked I
will gladly take the lesser of two evils
on this one gladly gladly take the
lesser of two evils because we're fucked
more if Trump wins
Killroy McCrum says hey I'm all for
being president yep don't put the chat
I'm locked on just because I said the
name trouble come on mods I know what
we're asking you to it we're asking you
to ease up and that's tough that's tough
to in your position but mama says hello
Shrek and bitch it's great to see you
both oh I get it I thought of some good
nicknames for you guys and I'm not even
gonna read them gobbly gook says great
rich in the killscreen interview you
mentioned you laughed at your driver's
ed teacher when he told when he told you
his brother directed double dragon
didn't you also fail your first driving
exam coincidence that really
the first driving exam was pure nerves
because it was a really busy day at the
DMV and I think I was waiting there for
five hours to have my dev test and I was
so frazzled by the time they actually
called date
Len flows in ski says hey guys after
watching prereq since its origin I
graduated from high school and got job
hey now I have money to give you guys
what the first bill Berg movie I watched
was Private Ryan what was yours probably
ithi it was a kid my name's samples
coming out so I just was probably et
yeah yeah the next one I saw was
probably Raiders that makes sense
although I think I think I saw Temple of
Doom before Raiders mm-hmm just cuz you
know that was the big one at the time so
yeah et then Temple of Doom for me
sorry chances more random questions
what's your favorite sushi / sashimi
salmon and albacore over here lerczak -
seafood I always like I was like eel in
minor ones kind of tastes like chocolate
dragon rolls are usually pretty great oh
oh you know what they have they have the
what are the ones that are whatever ones
have deep fried soft-shell crab in them
deep fried soft-shell crab tastes
exactly like bacon and so there's just
this big perfectly crispy crunchy pile
of what tastes like bacon inside your
sushi and it's fantastic back when I was
working at the grocery store I used to
have to clean out the the seafood
counter it was what am i one of my
duties the end of the night oh sure
every time of the you know I'm not even
not even done cleaning out the cat food
section I would have hives running up
and down like that's terrible that was
terrible
gobbledygook says ever play Star Trek
elite force it was a decent FPS back in
the day like dark forces think Neelix
shooting Borg recent gives me Gizmodo
article argues why it's the best truck
game ever I think I avoided it
specifically because if I'm gonna play a
truck game I wouldn't want it to be an
FPS interesting I'd play a Star Trek
adventure game I would play a Star Trek
tactical ship flying kind of thing maybe
a world strategy game ships take over
the universe FPS though is so on track
you know yeah I mean and especially if
you really like you know if it's just
kind of like a means to interact with
stuff yeah it's different but if you are
constantly shooting stuff then yes
that's very on track
sounded like a first contact video game
and first contact is probably my least
favorite Trek movie oh yeah yes I'm
counting Star Trek 5 and into darkness
fucking hate first contact shoot the
Borg boom-boom was the Trek movie we've
gotta shoot all the things fucking ruin
Star Trek films
there might be a great game images I I
was never interested in that I was never
interested in it for those reasons mmm
anonymous says hey rich you were saying
how you never cared to be with the cool
kids
now this is very important and everybody
in the stream needs to fucking listen up
rich equals too cool for the cool kids
was it a reference to I don't know I'm
serious that's gotta be a reference to
school for the cool is that a things
that a lyric I just think that's I think
that's just steam kind of poking fun of
you yeah being too cool for the cool
kids what we just told that I'm too good
for them it's like I don't care about
them they're assholes what do I do I
want to be friends with an asshole
mm-hmm it's kind of what more what it
was so I thought you put the core in
different robots you just build on the
pre-existing robot they fundamentally
changed the game to make it even more
dull maybe I do assume we get more
robots
cuz there's all these different slots
okay so I think this is my only my one
robot that I have right now see they
made it look like you'd be like randomly
doing this on the fly like you see a big
enemy you could put the core and the the
anime units on screen they made it look
like that bad which at least looked kind
of neat like you Oh like I like like
almost like like Kirby like I want that
enemy powers right yeah he'll be mine
for the moment yeah that would have been
fun yeah well maybe you know what maybe
we can do that later in the game I don't
know tangi ever dark says the comment
and this game looks like garbage ass
Jack can you confirm or deny C+ what's
like everything is average everything is
perfectly average the combat it's fine
it's very say me and maybe that changes
once I get
in two different areas its c-plus not
obsessed Jeff going back to Prague
eMusic froggy music you might enjoy
Ariane it's a series of concept rock
opera albums based in sort of silly
science fiction best starters are the
human equation and the final experiment
is it Eric H / or Eric burn I'm not I'm
not sure because like like like with the
Xena CH the zinc to zinc like that I'm
not sure if I'm gonna fuck this one up
I'm just gonna say Eric H burr fucking
says Jack my buddy my buddy Charlie told
me about riches
internet celebrity running resulting in
the guy's Keys getting locked in his car
outside of a restaurant
Wow do you have an odd fan running in a
story like that gamer child UK says oh
it's fine it's I've run into a few
people and you know like everybody's
been really nice like I've ran into
someone a couple of summers ago at like
a beer garden like you know I thought
you'd be here at the you know the beer
plays and that's fun though the one kind
of weird one is I was in the Atlanta
Airport very random
I was waiting with my family for a
connecting flight and we were just in
some random wing of the Atlanta Airport
and all of the sudden and I have this on
video because I happened to be recording
my boys who were lightsaber fighting
with my phone they were pretend
lightsaber fighting a very nice stranger
just gave them plastic lightsabers yeah
cuz I won these at a thing I'm not gonna
use them two boys can have them made
their month yeah so in the Atlanta
Airport and we're in this like random
wing so they could have room to
lightsaber fight and I'm recording them
thinking how cute it is that their life
they were fighting and all of a sudden
you see this guy
if I can do this correctly in my little
window like just walk and go like it he
almost snapped his neck like he saw me
in the corner of his eye and it was just
like he snapped his neck to turn around
and be like you're jack from red letter
media and I was like oh yeah hi and you
know and and he was just like okay just
want to say hey okay but like I have it
on video him just like hey why can't I
choose a different location don't get
comfortable because I'm not done for the
night I can read these last couple two
I'm going hoarse great and I got stuff
to do tomorrow you know what I can't
figure out how to teleport so I think
that's great let me find it let me get
some light on our lady there we go oh
look at that that's a perfect that's a
perfect shot to end it on I got no more
tips I officially done reading tips and
we're gonna get these last ones great
and then we're gonna end of the night
because there's my voice and I need it
to pro-gamer child UK says in a actually
why don't you read the last view
absolutely
yeah we're child you kid gamer child to
K says in a tip for last stream I said I
liked Kevin Smith's 90s movies make
review for Club clerks you fraud I'll
talk to Jay about it stuff to do
tomorrow's for the new fuckit print
click it review you jerks fucking thank
me no more free money Jesus Christ think
about the strain my voice for you if I
could people think about that people
have we finally reached a farm if you're
like and he no please man we have not
new movies man
I like hit the like others I think he
has a thing for his daughter I see some
weird things in there no I just think
he's a loving guy I don't think there's
any weird I don't think there's anything
weird about like his love of his
daughter just he's just he's a weird
emotional guy and he smokes too much pot
Jiminy Cricket prick bastard do
flash-forwards
and or flash framing devices ever work
or just destroy tension in other scenes
transcendence order 1886 etc flashbacks
are useful for character building flash
forwards are you talking about in video
games movies too many questions by
anonymous says jack rich you've worked
hard you've forged your own paths
through this labyrinth we call life
somehow you're both here by chance or
desire enjoy it take my money live that
shit thanks an animus gobbledygook s'
seen the new ben affleck batman costume
for Justice League leaked did you see it
very weird were good weird not good it's
Zack Snyder leaked did you know and
called it the tactical bat suit great
it has goggles great goggles does it
always look good that's the best bat
suit we've seen in a Batman film it
looks slightly different than that
they're messin they're mucking things up
Bridge I'm looking it up then mucking it
up people are saying reused watchman's
niteowl design ah it might be available
for DC Universe Online soo that games
for you folks thanks coupling hooks and
shadow a lead 5 says one last tip
alright now hold on I'm gonna get this
subscriber information here because I'm
sorry beefcake twitch watcher is not
working need need new one so it's like
exclamation point
subs boom open URL and and we get
through these because rich Evans thank
you throat is hurt did a lot of great
talking tonight so we need oh you know
what rich Evans is God
says hey you fucks mister shy smile for
twenty three fucking months in a row
chernobyl kinsman for seventeen months
in a row says lol hump my schlong just
this guy you know 21 fucking months in a
row another anniversary and still no
flowers nope we won't we don't we won't
send you flowers Ivan's iced zero zero
says log again
gheh giggity niggas Mangan lo gag et me
ish Mugen baby yeah girl Allah says kept
you waiting huh just in Horman 27
fucking months in a row Jesus Christ
said Justin Horman says sup tour guide
Nixon thank you for subscribing every
eight oh one twenty two fucking months
in a row says I've forgotten to unsub
for so long but still happy Thank You
Emery Chris Gaines mm welcome Kerry
Lasher says hi boys it's good to see you
dr. Harry Lime welcome here Oh Gen 6
welcome to the stream sig sig sig sig of
welcome riot cure riot crew 427 fuckin
months in a row hey guys watched your
stream tonight
from my hospital bed it kept me
distracted from the fact that I have a
catheter shoved up my oh my god Lourdes
pestis welcome to the stream huggy
snuggle for 14 months and huggy snuggle
says 14 fucking months in a row to Dax
20 fucking months in a row to doc says
my version of kuba
and the two strings is Kubo and the two
dreamers where a young boy writes
previously recorded live fanfiction how
horrifying to Dax Mario Mario 42 for 27
fucking months in a row says don't play
that game uninstall it you boring twats
don't doubt about stuff you don't like
do you know lessons of life talk about
stuff you do like twats and Mister
glitch for 22 fucking months in a row
and mr. glitch says congratulations jack
on what I'll never know but for now the
might we I actually can't do a clever
ending because the mouse is over there
they're all awkward endings Jack did you
get all tab out of the thing
hello you didn't see my desktop the
games still going I guess
okay say goodbye goodbye rich
