Episode 639
JESUS CHRIST SHUT UP!!! - Vampire The Masquerade (Part 1)
October 14, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Pwa8HdQWL8
___________________________________________

Chat link to us again the patch for
vampire the masquerade we trot what we
tried to do is we tried to I tried to
run it vampire the masquerade and it
said we ran out of memory
well we didn't it's just we have too
much memory we have too much memory or
we ran out of memory or something memory
something this your games what a vampire
go where vampire the man you are gonna
try again just so they can see what
happens you know there it is available
rich we have less than 15 megabytes of
memory and so the Steam version isn't
already patched apparently not
apparently there is an esteem kind of
sucks for patching yeah apparently
there's some sort of fan patch or
something and so we didn't want to start
that much later than we said we would
start I said fuck it this is part of the
straight so now this is part of stream
and so this is our first episode
this is our first stream of Jesus Christ
shut up already
in which we play an often ask to play a
game and I wanna I want to lay down a
ground rule and rich tell me how you
feel about this growing room the ground
rule for the game any game that we play
kind of begrudgingly is as soon as we
are utterly and absolutely sick of it
the streams over okay that's what I'm
saying potentially lead to some short
streams it could lead to some short
streams but that means like anything
you've request over and over and over
again could mean a short stream I think
you know like that's that's got
the balance oh we should shop for denim
what do i click to download this shit
anything we did shop for denim where's
the download but is this matted no no
does that even download anything no I
don't believe it did I'll be honest rich
I don't think that did anything Jack too
easily distracted ah yeah I'm pretty
easily distracted but I think oh what is
happening that says download is
reference to a location is unavailable
well that can't be
that's insane that's insane you need to
set your download folder wouldn't you
want to do this as an edited show um
it's too close to first 4 hours of and I
think I think a lot of the comedy a lot
of the entertainment value that that you
as the audience will get out of this
will be in our frustration which is
better experienced live and then you
know what if there's some funny shit
I'll just cut up the stream into a into
a funny thing
and we'll see we'll see we'll see we'll
see
gobbledygook I hear you
all right I wait for the download
there oh okay yeah I think we have the
correct download how's everyone doing
they're saying lull the suckers are
actually playing this if this if this is
one of those so bad it's good games for
you guys I'm just I'm gonna be
disappointed the patched it has an hour
to download is that a joke
it's 421 megabytes thank that's got to
be a joke I can't take an hour we have
really good internet here
I guess we're streaming as well okay
it's already that's fine it's already
going down how's everyone doing how's
everyone doing good do you know what we
we could talk about something that I
didn't we didn't talk about last stream
yep
I finally read The Killing Joke yeah I I
have yet to see the movie did you see
the movie at all no I liked it The
Killing Joke it was a fine a fine book I
actually actually forgot about the movie
oh yeah that tells you all you need to
know well how does it get terrible
reviews so I wasn't hyped about it yeah
I got really bad reviews so I read you
you lent me the graphic novel the the
whole thing and it's it's nice it's a
fun little story I actually thought that
it was too fast paced yeah the graphic
novel and it the the idea of the movie
upsets me even more because I could
think of so many spaces in the actual
story where they could have fleshed out
some ideas you wanted more James Gordon
torture porn is what you wanted I didn't
want torture porn what I wanted was more
of James Gordon on the edge cuz you know
the whole premise of The Killing Joke is
Joker kidnaps James Gordon and tries to
prove that anyone can go crazy
ultimately wrong I think his part the
puppets oh sure but as an audience as
someone reading there's never a moment
where you think that Jim is gonna go
crazy
uh-huh and I think it needs that like oh
is he gonna go crazy what
what if the Joker's right all we see is
him getting tortured and suddenly him
talking to Batman and saying I'm fine
everything's fine bring him in by the
book if you've run stream Jack thinks he
can ride better than Alan Moore I
understand that there are limitations to
the comics medium all I'm saying is in a
movie they could have expanded on some
of these ideas a little bit more yeah
instead of of making Batgirl have sex
with Batman there's much better things
they could have been doing with their
time so exact exactly Tiberius Kirk The
Killing Joke was done at a time when
comics weren't so decompressed like I I
understand the medium I've got what are
you what do you know let's say this one
downloads faster the link on ModDB
okay bring over downloads here in the in
the animated movie of The Killing Joke
Batgirl and Batman have sexiest and rich
and I had a whole thing already on why
we think that's a really really bad idea
all right where do I actually go to
click to download this dig no not that
that's that's a yeah I know her ads go
down I click on that that six feet took
me to the page we were already at I go
down
that'll take you back to that page I
don't know but listen this this mod
right right now the 9.6 what are we
downloading now 9.3 no 96 okay yeah no
we're already there it's absent in the
link we already they're just taking
forever
great where we're playing vampire the
masquerade because constantly people
tell us to play vampire the masquerade
and this is a really good RPG about
vampires and this is the one we should
be playing to get into RPGs about
vampires but I don't like vampires you
don't like vampires and you don't like
RPGs yes but this is the one to play and
so well obviously I'm going to love this
game
we obviously we tried we tried to play
it and it said we didn't have enough
memory which is which can't be true
because it went to check your memory
doesn't expect memory to be that high it
freaks out so apparently we need this
patch to play and we we could have
downloaded it and not been streaming but
then we wouldn't be streaming and we
said we were gonna stream around 6:00
and it was already quarter after 6:00
we've always a probably stream the
master what happens if you happen to
enjoy the game then we enjoy the game
then great then we have a great time and
everybody's happy if we don't enjoy the
game then we make fun of it at least
rich and I are happy or maybe we don't
hate the game and we don't enjoy the
game and everyone's miserable if it's
just middle of the ground on the road
yeah yep yep traitor to Zeke
so no playing multiple ones if they go
by quickly no not not for this series
this is this isn't steam roulette
you know steam roulette we can get
through a couple real
quick uh-huh this is Jesus Christ shut
up or we're gonna play the game that you
want us to play that we we've already
said we might not enjoy and we will play
it until we can't play it no more and
then we're out of here
so should I play something while we're
waiting for this to download should you
or should this just be it because they
what they wanted us to play rich you
don't you know we're the ones that have
to fill time though yeah well let's
let's see how long we can feel time what
do we we gotta fill time 4:30
one more no does that keeps going up and
down that'll go back up to an hour
shortly great great
hold on Sean underscore I remember
liking this game but I also liked the
day of the tentacle before I played the
remake the fear of losing my good
memories has been keeping me from
replaying it after it was mentioned in
chat which could play some Checkers
that's true that's true
no you can't play internet checkers
that'll take up more Internet where our
toaster oh no oh no
I've already started the checkers attack
it's too late
checkers has started it started god
dammit god dammit god dammit vibranium
arms oh I can talk about that I was
doing some research into this whole
Bucky and vibranium armors thing Oh God
because that's so important and I know
rich really wants to hear about this
from from last room I was convinced that
Bucky's arm was vibranium and then I was
I I tried to nerdily point out that how
could it be vibranium if it was melted
off so easily by iron
ah-ha-ha-ha right like oh that's you
know what that is it's a little mistake
that they made but apparently it wasn't
vibranium so I started doing research
and a bunch of people have made the same
mistake which made me feel a lot better
there are whole forums dedicated to -
Bucky's aren't being vibranium and and
luckily everyone had the same reaction
as me which is then why did two cellos
ring react to Buffy's arm that's all
forms because that's what it I hate
every
rich hates it so I love it so so
T'Challa is is like razzle in' with
Bucky and razzle and you know he's like
doing this he's doing all this right and
and there's a clear shot of him with his
hand up and it seems to be focused on
the ring and it's going like this and
Bucky's arm is like here but apparently
other people in the forum have pointed
out that he just had his arm in a hole
and and that was meant to show that
Bucky's really strong right a chihuahua
ah
T'Challa right that's his name black
panther only Black Panther has any
vibranium on him I believe it I believe
the Black Panthers really mr. Gela I
might be wrong but okay so I really
thought that that meant that the ring
was reacting to the vibranium a bookies
arm but apparently there is no official
cannon on what Bucky's arm is besides a
really strong metal so am I glad to
finally have it resolved but it's not
really resolved because I still you know
like I don't know what it's made out of
I guess it's not important more so it's
just a weird shot and they focused so
much on that ring and I understand that
that ring meant the passing of the of
the king but they focused so much on
that ring and then it seems like the
ring is reacting to the arm you know
what I'm just happy that the Internet
I'm Fatma happy for the internet because
the internet shows me that other people
have made the same mistake I did you
know so that made me happy uh-huh I like
it that other people made that same
mistake uh-huh so Bucky's arm is made of
checkers No maybe right it's just a
strong bulletproof metal T'Challa
is his name to Chaka is his dad's name
Thank You Tiberius
the job dijanna anyone else super hyped
for a Black Panther movie ii see hey
Colin I will not Jesus Christ shut up
you Jesus Christ shut up I got a feel
time while we download this stupid patch
for a stupid game play checkers rich is
playing checkers I'm it's fine
everything's fine I'm playing checkers
Michael B Jordan is a bad guy yep well
like all that matters is it's directed
by the same guy that did Creed Creed was
a great movie Michael B Jordan was great
and Creed
I'm sure he'll act well again the the
guy who played Black Panther in civil
war was good I'm excited for it I'm
excited for Black Panther this guys
getting foamed nice poem noise important
news rich you were wrong about lizallen
what were you wrong about what did you
say about Liz Allan that she wasn't
Peters Parker's first love interest
lizallen like Peter and that was
revealed like well after the fact when
when Peter graduated high school hmm
but she was not written as a love
interest Peter spring of Peters first
love interest
his first romance his Betty bruised
Betty Brant absolutely just because like
hold on and and so they they have a
little wonder panel an amazing fantasy
15 or something right hold on
oh god I gotta play more checkers let's
see here
oh yeah well no so he was so in this
panel he's about to go on a date with
Liz Allen but he has to go be spider-man
and she's cheesed off at him
just because he was gonna go on a date
with her does not count her in the
running to be a love interest
bt-dubs you just know on that date it
like if he went on that date yeah she
was gonna find a reason to like get him
in his underwear yeah and then like
Flash Thompson was gonna jump out of the
bushes with a camera not good you just
you just know it right Doris of course
no so so they but rich they were gonna
go on a date so Liz Allen has to be his
first love interest they were gonna go
on one date because that's what love
interest means the thing that I love the
most is that all this is doing is just
riling up Rich's Hey so in approximately
55 minutes when we download the hash the
unofficial patch for a game we don't
want to play in the first place it's
just it's just gonna be pandemonium I'll
say this much yeah yeah because there
just because there is an unofficial
patch fans are great fans are great fans
are great that's true you know what that
is true some some wanna keep an old
piece of shit like vampire the
masquerade alive
yep that says something they're doing it
they're doing it they're do it they're
where they're keeping a game alive
my Festo now doom a rescue his mother's
so what dr. doom rescued his soul from
his mother sold from mephesto oh yeah
yeah no they had to he had a team up
with dr. strange to do it I believe but
it was a long running plat line hmm well
there was one of dooms motivations
interesting yep
interesting there's talk of there's talk
of mephesto coming into the agents of
shield universe mephesto huh well
because they so a so there's no mephesto
plans for infinity war apparently is
what we're saying
they uh they they just introduced that
night writer fuck
that's right House writer I was gonna
say hell writer that's insane right they
just they just introduced ghost writer
into agents of shield seems like an odd
choice for an agents of shield show
ghost writer and Mephisto oh you know
what ghost writer does not fit at all in
the agents of shield universe rich I
just watched the season premiere this
afternoon and what it seems like to me
is someone over at ABC said man you know
it's really popular is that daredevil
Marvel show where they have to deal with
like whether it's OK for good guys to
kill let's have one of those good guy
bad guy things all the Marvel shows
should be just let Netflix handle all
that I think that's the lesson we've
learned just let Netflix handle all that
shit yep
that's a fine lesson rich that's a fine
fine lesson who'd have thought nobody
would give a shit about a show that's
just about a bunch of shield lackeys and
would have thought would have thought
but you know rich they were some really
you know what we need in television some
spy shit don't you think like some spies
with maybe a little pepper and of
superpowers every once in a while what
other spy shows do we have get smart get
on television currently
you can catch that unlike me TV oh yo
you can get yourself some get smirk
you'll be quiet
i season 2 of agents of shield they were
getting into some neat spy stuff and it
was just like espionage and kungfu
fights and it was really great and then
it kind of turned to shit yeah
and now I just watch I don't even know
why I watch anymore
you took the drop yeah it was a draw
situation okay but so Ghost Rider was
introduced in this one and 33 minutes 33
that means nothing we've learned that
means nothing about a quarter done okay
great
somewhere between a quarter and a third
done yeah like a like a black widow well
not even black widow just like give me
spies doing spa shit on a TV show I'd
love that I'd love that can't wait to
play those vampires yeah they're not
really oh my god no you know what we
started talking so I stopped reading
tips told us to think yeah we're not
gonna if we're talking about something
yeah we're not gonna just stop to read
tips right does it make never make for a
bad stream if we can't have a
conversation about something right and
we're in the middle of talking about
agents of shield when we when we have a
low when we when we finish talking about
something that's when we get caught up
in the tips and you know what if the
tips leads to a discussion we're gonna
finish that discussion and then get to
the next tip right uh-oh Archer Archer
is the show is the spy show they're
bringing up I'm sure are just great yeah
there you go archers this generation's
Get Smart
how about that oh that's the worst
parallel okay
that's not this none of this not the
worst parallel I think I've only seen
the first season of Archer I liked it
now yes there's pretty good yeah it's
funny nothing compelled me to watch it
more but like the first and I thought I
was like I yeah that's funny I get it I
love that uh what's his name age John
bender john benjamin yep yeah yes great
he's a great what a great voice I never
want to see you
he never needs to change his voice for
anything he does just just keep doing
what you're doing absolutely John age
Benjamin whatever your name is
Coke's hey guys NBA 2k 17 is now
available an NBA game and it's the first
game to support HDR high dynamic range
your 1070 will render the juiciest Shaq
meat to date for which game NBA 2k 17
okay also rich the Golden State Warriors
are better than Michael Jordan era Bulls
who lost in the finals who just lost in
the finals I don't know because they had
more regular-season wins than the Bulls
oh I like a few games okay there wasn't
much room for improvement I mean the
Bulls went like 72 and 10 the Golden
State Warriors were like 75 7 sure sure
but then then they made it the thousand
that they lost you know who'd never be
caught dead losing in the finals but
Michael Jordan was Chicago ball would
never be caught dead if he had to win
every game single-handedly he would
never lose in the finals also for NBA 2k
7 the story mode prominently features
Michael Jordan specifically Michael B
Jordan
oh wait Michael B Jordan the actor oh
wait here's a son I think is he a junior
and who's got a son that played in
college oh okay I think he got picked up
by a team but he's not supposed to be
anything special and I was like Michael
Jordan was that might have just been a
joke okay okay first thing I thought
there was some mild plausibility there
maybe they're talking about the NCAA
game I don't know sure but I guess not I
guess I could've been just a complete
jokes right B Jordan was the actor yeah
Michael yeah all right do you have any
thoughts on HDR gaming
no I don't have I don't have a I don't
have a 90 inch monitor that's that's
true you also like it's not just about
your graphics card you need a television
yeah or monitor able to produce those
colors in theory it could make a pretty
game even prettier I think like this
goes along with with 4k television and
all that like we've already decided as
as consumers that we don't really care
about that yeah we're we've already
decided that all we want is more content
faster cheaper stronger it's it doesn't
need to look any better as ours were
concerned now let's see here traders as
each says how many of these games are
somebody in the champ of saying I
thought you'd think you didn't like
about our RPGs was the repetitive
turn-based combat yeah yeah that's
I know vampires masquerade probably
doesn't have that I'm just not super
thrilled about vampires as a thing from
from what little from what little I know
about vampire the masquerade it sounds
absolutely obnoxious
stupid stupid vampire factions there
whitey bullshit that's why I'm mostly
not looking forward to right
yeah thanks twitchplayspokemon an HDR
HDR will be great for VR two things rich
and I care deeply about
I guess show it show me software that
makes the VR worth it now give a shit or
that makes HDR work pick up pick up the
thing shooting gallery where you just
stand still and shoot I need more than
that shit yeah and they have the
capability to make a fucking kick-ass
mech game where you're actually in a
cockpit they have that capability
I'd miss being able to fucking actually
grab the fucking controls you would need
like time you know like like like diva
and overwatch you mean like - yeah -
flight sticks
oh that would be fucking great yes then
you're in the cockpit then you're in the
cockpit yeah that'd be great that's what
they need that's what they don't have I
need to be able to walk around in VR not
like I've seen like where they like
point and teleport fuck that
oh is that a thing I'll fuck that fuck
that oh let's see here
how many of these games are there that
people bother you about DC Universe
Online Don of war - what else there
aren't that many are there we get like
we got a ton of requests on Twitter as
well and I'll just have to start
compiling some of the more requite like
Warhammer we get a lot of dawn of war to
go down on yeah whatever okay
jaqen rich says anonymous have you seen
welcome to the basement it's where two
guys watch a wide range of movies
they've never seen before then discuss
them it's very entertaining as well as
informative somebody's saying this one
is faster okay
we shall see Oh significantly faster
pause no that was the fast one no this
is one that's been are you sure yep oh
oh you know what I thought it was that
far already and I said oh 25 26 minutes
but we're already nearly close to half
what poison did we pick where two-thirds
the way done with this one or well
one-third of the way done one-third of
the way done way run them both again
it's gonna significantly slow both down
if I run I just want to see I just want
to see the numbers 177
I say go with the one we are we already
have 22 minutes versus 12 that one is
kind of cramping a faster rich I can't
make this kind of decision I need to let
you know that oh my god I can't I I
can't take this pressure alright fuck it
we're sticking with the fast one okay
that's fine that's fine that's fine
great
no I'm so hyped for it no no I don't
think either of us have seen welcome to
the basement
yonder yonder says name your bitch es
vampire after me since I'm the one and
only reason you're playing this game no
one else is for this Plus no one else is
going to buy you Mass Effect Andromeda
I'm a good friend you know what we're
good if you're a good friend you
wouldn't buy me Mass Effect Andromeda
and if you buy it for me don't get a
digital copy find a fucking disc so I
can shred it on stream that's or on
camera okay we we've already said that
any copy we get of Mass Effect Andromeda
we are going to find a new way to
destroy right we've said this then maybe
I'm making a lot of copies we might run
out of ways to destroy it Jack I've been
making a list yeah but it's and it's not
just for this I also have a you know cuz
for best of the worst registrar's please
give your money to a Children's Hospital
instead or give your money to a
Children's Hospital st. Jude's I
actually hope we don't get a whole bunch
of copies that I could destroy charity
give it to children give it to sick
children st. Jude's Hospital is a
hospital that doesn't charge their
patients any money to cancer child's
cancer Research Hospital and they don't
charge any other children patients
because they're kids with cancer so
Saint give it to st. Jude's instead how
about that how about that let's see here
atomic mass track says Black Panther is
a stupid stupid character his ring
probably reacted because he has a
laundry list of crap and it's plus 5 vs.
Russian super assassins he's apparently
atomic MA
his ring didn't react at all it was just
his hand and his ring happened to be on
his hand I know very little about the
Black Panther character except for he's
except for what I saw in Civil War I've
never read a Black Panther comic book so
I cannot say whether he is a stupid
character now we will see I know I like
the director and I like the actors in it
and Marvel has yet to make a bad movie
look at Marvel Studios they've made some
like movies ant-man
I'm looking at you ant-man thought
everyone hates Iron Men too though I
need you watch that I haven't seen that
you so long
ii-i've been rewatching because we've
been watching them with the kids yeah an
Iron Man 2 like all the the entire Iron
Man series are really nice character
movies yep Iron Man 2 specifically you
know the whole the whole plot of Iron
Man 2 is Tony thinks he's dying because
he's getting poisoning from the reactor
inside of him and so it's just about his
journey to not die and it's and like
accepting death and finding it finding
his his place you know it's it's a lot
like it's a great precursor to Iron Man
3 which is just like him as an inventor
inventing his way out of a situation
isn't iron meant to kind of a Dodge -
the whole character's alcoholism angle
my guy he's just dying guys we're never
hacking up we're never gonna have to
worry about him drinking again because
he's not dying anymore and he's okay and
he's not gonna be a drunker than the
rest of the Marvel films well I think
he's okay now
they understood correctly that you can't
necessarily make a movie about Iron Man
being an alcoholic
why can't you in the comics that story
can play out over months in the Marvel
Universe that story can play out over
months this is one of those situations
where it needs that kind of thing needs
to be resolved within a movie does it
it's a movie does it not Iron Man 2
doesn't focus I usually introduced that
as a facet of the character
now that's and I see that as more of a
serial thing where we can slowly watch
it happen they're doing that right now
with you introduce it them by the time
you get to Ironman for is when he hits
rock bottom and asked him pick himself
back up for the end of that film -
that's too weird too dark hey whatever I
mean I enjoy Robert Downey jr. as Iron
Man I'm just bringing this to her oh no
and I know like that's what a lot of
people were thinking is that this was
gonna what a day what were those issues
demon in a bottle or oh that makes some
amount of sense what Robert Downey jr.
didn't want to do it said no drinking
because his problem that makes perfect
sense
and I can see why they would want to
sidestep that hmm did they gotta keep
him happy
gotta keep him happy he made it and he
had the whole universe yeah he made the
whole universe what
hank pym didn't beat his wife either
again there are a lot of things that you
can do in a monthly comic book that I
don't think you can necessarily do and
it's not just a Marvel movie remember
these are action movies like these these
are action fantasy movies if if Hank Pym
or the main character in it men and not
Scott Lang yeah then it would feel cheap
not to ever feel weird not to mention
that because that's the only thing Hank
Pym is really remembered for it's like
they they sidestepped it by going right
to ant-man to the second ant-man by the
way oh sure sure I'm with it I was like
what ant-man - they went right to the
successor character right right right
yeah I don't know I don't know III like
the Iron Man - it's slow it's very very
slow and you know what Jon Favreau has a
problem directing action scenes he's
really good at Iron Man flying around
scenes which I can only imagine is a lot
of just storyboards and then the CG
people take over yeah there's a couple
fist fights in Iron Man 2 and it's just
it's just over shoulder shot cut - over
shoulder shot remember disliking the
action scenes in Iron Man wanted to you
know I mean that plot might not be
well-developed enough with whiplash it
was kind of you know kind of a lame get
a thing going on there but the battle of
the end is kind of neat I was talking
specifically there's that battle and
then Black Widow and happy go into the
the base and they have to they have to
do some yeah some fist fighting I'm not
saying they were bad I'm saying they
were dull fight scenes yeah she doesn't
need flipping they were they were
shocked dulling it was fine it was
perfectly adequate you haven't rewashed
it recently they're they're shot dolly I
liked the showdown with the Iron Monger
and the Iron Man 1 sure the Jeff Bridges
is chair let's find a simple oh no and
Jon Favreau is a is a good director I'm
action scenes specifically well and and
not even and only specifically person
and person fisticuff action sequences
were shot a little doll no jon favreau
is a great director you can tell because
of Iron Man what have you seen Jeff
Bridges recent interview about Iron Man
no he's Iron Monger yeah and and he said
when he was shooting iron man and he was
really happy you know big studio Marvel
fella is great this is before Disney
yeah but he said they were writing their
scenes day of shoot Wow
they had the outline for the script and
he goes this is not how you make a big
movie and he said so I had to put myself
in the mindset that what we were making
is a big Hollywood art film that's all I
was doing so I would just show up and we
would figure out what my character said
on the fly like that was all of Iron Man
1 I think that's really that's really
amazing huh for what they were able to
accomplish with that huh
they had an outline but uh I'm not I am
NOT playing Dishonored right now because
people wouldn't shut up about vampire
the masquerade bloodlines I don't
remember which I have no interest in I
still have no interest in
no no it's incidentally since you bring
up Dishonored chat yeah I have very very
recently decided that I am going to
force Jack to play thief 1 and 2 or at
least one or two yeah we shot our we
shot a discussion about a different
stealth game and thief kept coming up
and so that'll be our next retro game
look-back thief I've never played the
thief's you're talking about things you
don't like in stealth games and what
they should do and the whole time I'm
just thinking that's exactly what thief
does oh that's crazy that's exactly yeah
that's exactly what thief does oh yeah
the map you're talking about yeah that's
exactly what thief does oh well then you
know what then I'm looking forward the
master no I actually have not seen
Cowboys were Cowboys and Aliens I didn't
hate it I did a little egged
fun enough Halloween Oh popcorn summer
movie sure and you know that's what I
heard so I wasn't necessarily into it
Daniel Craig right Dana quick yeah and
Harrison Ford Harrison Ford's in it yes
crazy crazy ah let's see here Oh
animus says rlm are ruined it's up to
you if you want to stream yourself
playing theif you know I'll get into it
on my own a little bit yeah and once you
familiar yeah
anonymous says R LM ruined porn for me I
was watching this girl with the most
amazing tits and all I could think was
why is the camera there who lit this
fucking thing why is there a cat in
frame I can't say I've ever really
noticed the production value of
pornography but hey I'm sorry you just
gotta watch better porn you know
gobbledygook says so not as game player
but as filmmakers have you ever watched
anything filmed in 360 VR 3d no you
could use a samsung s7 or Google
cardboard or something like that with
the HD I've seen a couple of those
YouTube videos yeah where you can move
your phone around and watch a YouTube
video in 3d I've not experienced this
myself though oh yeah you haven't no
it's you know it's it's pretty novel
yeah but it's a big R LM ruined porn is
what anonymous said chill bridge cradle
is thief 3 though hmm
definitely haven't jacked play one or
two at least first who wants to go on
and play more thief's and and and we
were also just talking about me starting
with thief - right
that's up to you I think you should
starred with thief 1 yeah yeah ok and if
by the time you get to the catacomb e
type stuff if you're not liking that
then hop over to thief - but thief 1
starts with some regular old mansion ok
sure ok no problem
anonymous says hey guys will you please
say hello
to my friend grant hello grant hi grant
how you doing motherfucker you just easy
good jerk why is it why is he a jerk I
don't know he defeated General Lee and
ended the Civil War
oh well that's fantastic and you're
pretty cool dude Graham you realize we
have more people if we just keep
throwing them at them eventually we'll
win and it's true we didn't and that's
how it happened that's how that's how
the Civil War was one do you think Lord
of the Rings movies hold up today
I didn't especially love them when they
first came out yeah yeah they just does
I'm not I'm not a big I'm not a big
fantasy guy okay well there there
there's fantasy stories I like I guess
hmm
I just don't know what are the Rings
didn't do it for me like I liked him
when they try going here to do the thing
very dry I like them when they came out
I got all of the extended
special-edition DVDs yeah watch them all
when I got him
and then haven't really thought about it
in a decade or however long it's been
since Return of the King came out like I
enjoy me a little bit of Conan sure
Conan's fun come on ants fun
Conan super fun I I enjoy the earlier
service stuff when it was very much a
Conad parody do we service the artwork
never even heard of service the armor
I've never I've no idea oh my god
all right hey is it a movie no chemical
no started in the 70s started off as a
Conan parody butter aardvark is Barbary
and they're a decade before I was born
he would go on adventures looking for
for wealth and power you know and that
eventually the creator Dave sim he had
had a vision it wasn't just it wasn't
just gonna be a Conan parody anymore and
he sat down he took Cerebus and he wrote
a 25 issue story about politics that is
wonderful
okay and then he followed that up after
his politics story and then he had
Cerebus become Pope
and that was a fuckin fifty issue story
and they starting a little bit a little
bit weirder they've Sam he was weird to
begin let then his story started a
little bit weirder it did some some more
higher brow of stories after that and
then eventually he did like a long story
about what's his name old timey author I
had nothing to do with Cerebus and that
was that was a 10 issue chunk right
there about some real time what's his
name woody Victorian British guy Oliver
Oscar Wilde yeah yeah like a 10 issue
story about Oscar Wilde it had nothing
to do in service okay and that's great
and then eventually there was like
another like extremely drawn-out story
where Cerebus is just sitting at a bar
you've got like you've got like a
fucking thirty issue storyline where
he's served the aardvark service the
aardvark title characters just sitting
in a bar drinking for 30 fucking issues
and then it ends Cerebus ends a last
hundred issues is like a story about the
story about Woody Allen and then there's
a Bible study what because he found
religion and then it was a Bible study
until the end of Cerebus he basically he
lost he literally lost his mind at some
point this service started out fun fun
but not ambitious then it got ambitious
and great then it's like what the fuck
is going on and crazy
holy moly and what was notable about
Cerebus he said like he around the time
he started getting a high brow with it
he did the political story he said
service is gonna be a 300 issue story
yeah after three hundred issues service
is gonna die and I'm done okay and he
said that there's like stilts like 25
years ago before I got there that's
great yeah I you might have told me
about this before
and I've lost it in the catacombs that
are in my mind because I lose things but
I'm sidestepping a lot about Dave Simms
meltdown but sure it's a lot to digest
right now
still uh while we're downloading we're
downloading the patch so we can play
vampire the masquerade yeah yeah we got
19 19 minutes ago no 20 he just went up
probably this one probably is faster
this one seems to be faster
can't we just switch the stream to
gaming talk about no because this is
part of the vampire the masquerade
experience if if like we are recreating
the experience of playing vampire the
masquerade which apparently includes
downloading a giant fucking patch that
downloads Super Saiyan that big it just
it just downloads slow yeah so great
well and yet we also are streaming so
we're using up a lot of you Internet but
here at the studio there is incredibly
nice internet very very fast internet so
we're just here we're just here we're
here let's see here Temari HK when you
finally finish this download don't pick
a malkov vien unless you want the stream
to be even shorter people love them as
NPCs but they can be extremely annoying
and off-putting to play okay don't be a
malkov vien well already sounds
obnoxious great great great great the
devil is my hairdo hijack and rich
I must know we're down with a fan patch
not that makes it better I'm assuming it
does make it better but hopefully also
makes it playable because we we're
getting ready to stream it's not
playable yeah and we click on the game
and steam huh and the game thinks we
don't have enough memory to run it right
it said we need at least 15 megabytes
rich we need at least 15 megabytes of
memory do either be listened to
vaporware music okay did you turn
otherwise says did you gentlemen happen
to see the new phantasm is coming out on
10 for really stoked
I did not know that Fanny would probably
be very interested in knowing this a
defense Jay is probably very advanced
hasn't five revenger I do think the
balls are neat the silver balls with the
spike things fly around sure sure I
don't know what vaporware is either I'm
so I'm sorry this isn't the only game on
Steam that has that problem I could not
run the Fahrenheit HD remake at all had
to return it no this this is why you buy
older games any game you can really on
gog.com sure because they don't just
take the game and throw it on the
marketplace yeah they make sure the
fucking thing can run not a modern
system and because I am making you play
the two first two thief games yeah don't
buy them on Steam
I won't buy them on get the GOG version
because they they will work okay we'll
start them and they will work I am
perfectly okay with this and it's up to
you if you want some of the fan update
kind of patches that make things higher
resolution and all that shit we'll see
what's out there we'll see what's out
there
trader it says each guess I will leave
your audio in the background while I get
to my only unlock cards from boss hand
of fate run only unlock cards oh cool
good luck just be the king of dust
haven't died yet anyway good luck Jack
and rich also played on a 4-2 mister shy
smile is saying yeah this is on GOG and
has the patch already installed see Gio
fuck Angie they're great I didn't even
think about because I wasn't this isn't
a game I was gonna run out and buy in my
own Ryan this was gifted to me with all
the people insisting I play this game
yes I had the steam version if I'd known
to thought about it before this probably
should have got the GOG version well but
we already had yep the version that
steam sells even though they know damn
well it doesn't fucking work out of the
box and just just bundling with it a
simple fucking fan patch would have made
a run but they didn't give no fucks no
they you know they're just the store who
cares what's in the store we're just the
store man
which is the store yes we have heard of
a game called Kerbal space program we
have not played it where are we
Doyle you got 9 more minutes 9 more
minutes we're doing great we're doing
great
Doyle eight seven once has just add to
your Jesus Christ
shut up series try life is strange it's
very much story mode that Jack hates but
it's also hipster story so you know I
Jack could be conflicted I don't always
like hipster things couple of gooks
Dishonored 2 is out 1111 like deus ex
rich will rich wants to play decided one
first yes the second one will be out in
51 days okay I'm I plant my current
fucking plan and you know what I've been
doing everyone's bidding with what I
play in my free time really like a month
and a half now and we're done now I'm
playing fucking thief games and I'm
making Jack play the thief games
absolutely so that's my plan I might do
dishonored right after that originally I
wanted to do deus ex but maybe I'll
maybe I'll make a dishonored one so that
could be out of the way yeah we we
filmed two episodes today and I made
rich play some games mm-hmm maybe he
didn't want to play but I don't care cuz
we got two episodes out of it so I don't
fucking care that's great and yeah now
rich can play whatever the fuck he wants
which apparently is thief and that's
fine 360 VR 3d watershed Blockbuster
doesn't need to be a POV film
we're always interactive just a few
action scenes are enough for every for
every viewing to be unique problem
diminishes theater experience well you
don't need to worry about diminishing
theater experience because more people
are watching shit at home anyway the
problem will be getting the
our into the hands of consumers that's
always the problem it could it might be
great for movies it might be interesting
it it limits VR for movies yeah it what
did you know like it could be
interesting to you know like look around
then you miss the things you're supposed
to focus on is movies right directors
pay a lot attention I'm framing of what
you're supposed to see yep
well we would lose the entire
cinematography visual language yep yeah
what could be interesting is instead of
just straight-up VR is is something like
source filmmaker so let's say you have a
scene play out in a room and as the
viewer you can watch that scene anywhere
you want you can move around the whole
room maybe you catch a little
conversation over here rewind catch this
conversation over here you know straight
up VR you can only look left and right
that limits the storytelling
possibilities but let's say you're able
to hear like one side of the story over
here but then you need to rewind and
listen to the other half of the story
over here to piece it all together that
could be interesting those tedious
little sounds like a lot of work and I
just want to watch a fucking movie I'm
trying rich and trying fucking trying
I've never played a splinter cell game
Chad um it just sounded like a more
linear version of thief I like kind of
like the thief reboot atomic Rasta says
hey hey Jack I just want to see you try
to pronounce this oh you just want to
see me try to pronounce this Denis Sammy
I would say it's pronounced Sameach but
it also could be to Sameach atomic
mousetrap tell me how did Tesla Meech to
Sameach or the T is silent and it's just
me ch
what does this look like you see that
does the meat Miche the meat some nice
music
maybe that's it's a misc misc
no rich and I do not watch any sort of
professional wrestling when I was a kid
I ate it up no no no no not recently
yeah look I know I know it's a it's a
wonderful art I don't want I don't want
it to track from that but being older
and knowing that it's not an actual
competition mm-hmm
I took a lot of it away for me just
getting older and knowing that sure hey
you know I I'm not as fond of what they
do in the ring as I am in the dramatic
shenanigans surrounding I think right
this is why I loved rowdy roddy piper
okay he could talk it could be an
asshole they could be belligerent he
could make you hate him mm-hmm that's
why I love Bobby the brain Heenan he
didn't need to wrestle to make you hate
his guts mm-hmm mm-hmm I loved hating
that man so much and then I got older
and then I just loved him I suppose he
still he's not dead yet
but I mean he's definitely retired from
wrestling though hmm there there is no
story of when I discovered wrestling was
fake there's not the moment right he's
like it probably happened over time yeah
you just watched a little bit less and
less yeah so on and so forth
that's what happens yes nine minute oh
no four minutes remaining four minutes 4
minutes remaining
uh
don't worry Oh
yonder yonder says you guys should read
up and decide what character creation
you want to do no we're playing that
we're just gonna play the game oh god I
don't feel like they want a bunch of
rating for a game I don't want to play
in the first fucking place we're good
we're not gonna do like a research on
the game before I play we want the game
to unfold itself in front of us it'll be
more interesting that way it's gonna be
great it's gonna be great it's gonna be
great MC Lucas says the wait is
agonizing this wait is agonizing I
apologize for anything I've done to
contribute to this going so horribly
please take this two dollars as penance
also play Knight of the Old Republic I
know that's a game you guys mentioned a
lot that is on the list okay Jesus
Christ I already is Knights of the Old
Republic i gobbledygook says any
research on how to gift gog games if not
you could buy this which is Zach
McCracken and the alien Mindbenders I
don't I'm sure there's a way to gift GOG
games you should read up on how wait
this patch isn't as simple as just click
on the thing and it installs you know
what no no I'm not doing it if I can't
figure it out then the screens over
stream is over oh it's gonna be some
bullshit like you have to go into the
Program Files under steam under apps
under apps dobbs 86 if there's not a
clear readme file bundled with the patch
the patch can go fuck itself no there's
not an official Jesus Christ shut up
list yet I have like a list of games
that people have asked us to play but
not that they've asked over and over so
far we have right now as of right this
very moment in my head there's DC
Universe Online and Knights of the Old
Republic
those those are our people have asked us
all good ones so we have that
uh you know what I'll make it last hold
on no I'm not gonna be rooting for the
Cubs they'll find a way to get swept I'm
not worried about it I'm making the
official list right now for Jesus
everyone will blame the go it all over
again it'll be it'll be a joke
also you should know for official
branding purpose purposes its Jesus
Christ shut up
three exclamation marks that's what I've
decided okay so we have a what do we
have your Knights of the Old Republic
there we go and the sea universe people
in chat don't know about the goat Cubs
fans in Chicago blame the fact that the
Cubs haven't won a World Series since
1918 no earlier than that was like 1908
yeah
it's been over a hundred it's been over
a century since they won a World Series
and they blamed this literally on a
actual like a goat like an animal not
like like the goat like this like
escaped go the scapegoat no no they're
like a literal go there was a man who
wanted to bring his goat into Wrigley
Field for the 1945 World Series which
itself was close to 40 years after the
last time they won their last World
Series but still they're blaming this
incident in 1945 where a man wanted to
bring his pet goat in with him the World
Series and they wouldn't let him okay
and then they say he placed a curse on
the team because they wouldn't let him
bring his goat into Wrigley Field in the
40s and the floor I just made have a
goat in Chicago in downtown Chicago I
don't know I don't know I mean there's a
famous tavern the billy goat tavern this
is all this is a whole mythology that
Cub fans like to regurgitate that's so
crazy
it's so crazy like voodoo voodoo the
White Sox they actually have a reason to
have said they had a curse like that I
was at the 1919 of the 1918 White Sox
actually through a World Series the
Black Sox they there was some they
pleaded that they were innocent but
basically the accusation was that they
conspired with some gamblers to get a
little bit of money
throw the World Series really that you
know that's a curse that's grounded
groundwork for a curse writer no one no
one in the south side ever said it's the
curse of the Black Sox you never hurt a
fucking peep about shit like that but
North Side the Cubs the goat that Goat
curse every now and then they try to
parade like a goat through Wrigley Field
to get rid of the curse yes that's what
they need
do you remember I love that I love that
do you remember Steve Bartman 2003 Sport
2003 playoffs cups were in the playoffs
that we're supposed to win they had a
really really good year and they they
they lost three games in a row and they
got knocked out of the playoffs but
there was this one famous play with a
remember the guy in the stands who
grabbed for the ball and player didn't
get to catch it oh yeah even though the
fan was completely in his right with
where the ball was yeah everyone wanted
to blame him and the that play oh yeah
yeah like like after the fact somebody
paid like a million dollars to buy that
ball and Harold Ramis presided over a
ceremony where the ceremonially
destroyed the ball in front of a large
crowd this is why I don't like the Cubs
oh that's terrible
Oh patches done is done let's do this
anonymous has my vote for the next Jesus
shut up goes to star control - it has a
lot of potential for voices and we're
Mass Effect got a lot of its ideas it's
also free you fucks
is it really that's great anonymous
different anonymous apparently says
Knights of the Old Republic is the
fucking top of that goddamn list shut
fuck shit and motherfuck suck my cock
you hacks
yes sure all right I don't know what the
fuck any of this is I don't yeah you
know what it's fine okay we're gonna
take a break
rich is taking a break good what I I we
haven't even started playing yet Jesus
Christ
well well so what's
rich is gone already has it been an hour
and we've been waiting an hour for this
patch to download possibly I guess I'll
stand I guess I'll stand up and I'll be
I'll be right back Oh
that was a great stand I felt great
about standing I did I stood up I stood
up I'm here I'm stood up
okay let's see here Ahn at least this is
around when you start streaming anyway I
just hope the stream doesn't end right
after this PPS I just discovered a sword
in necro right now that is a that is a
cleaver that lops off flash oh that's
cool and then can you use that flesh in
like crafting because that would be
great
which character is behind me
no no Mega Man character rich knows who
that is
I forget
should I get a pizza hoagie or some
chicken please advise you can never go
wrong with a pizza depends on the hoagie
is it a good place chicken again like
where are you going you know pizza it's
like it's never bad unless it's Little
Caesars don't get a Little Caesars Pizza
there garbage or if it's dominoes
dominoes is pretty garbage too
oh that's great surgeon that's cool
gobbledygook did you mention DC Universe
Online
please read up on the game ahead of time
in patch pick heroes fly and punch
gorillas groots apes on the beach
available for ps4 PC and Xbox one it's
free you fucks DC Universe Online
mediocre pizza Benny's chicken mediocre
local hoagies find a better place to eat
man
you got mediocre shit all over the place
fine fine find a way did you read that
yeah uh-huh that's fine
did you read it you have no you have to
start from the shortcut it created is
what it's oh I was right it's working
can you guys see this
I should double-check that they can see
this please hold