Episode 644
Go Truck Yourself (Part 1)
October 19, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y-fIJxddYu8
___________________________________________

I haven't seen people freak out yet that
were streaming oh wait and hello and now
we've tweeted I haven't seen people
freak out that hey anybody here oh they
just don't care anymore maybe they're
just conversation they don't even know
oh there we go it begins hey hey hey hi
everybody
so from what I know about cluster truck
is it started off almost as a joke
someone was making some other game that
had trucks in it and they uploaded like
a gif of just someone running on top of
the trucks and said isn't this funny
yeah and everyone on the internet said
this looks like a game I really want to
play and so came cluster truck a game
about jumping on trucks alright yes
Karen is here hi
we're cluster truck whoa oh my god
also there is there is twitch voting on
this one and so you can press number one
number two number three - like and -
like fuck with us during gameplay
and if it becomes too awful we'll just
turn it off but so this is kind of the
game oh god whoa shit you just jump on
trucks oh my god the trucks right yeah
it's hard alright hey I can handle this
so this ain't no thing great
what makes you don't fire I think just
repeat it jumps they seem to get more
like a double jump triple jump Oh like
consecutive jumps yeah I'm gonna wait
hi Tiberius Tiberius Kirk just some body
body right type here is your disembodied
everything we can just see your text Shh
Aaron's just a disembodied voice but pay
no attention with a woman behind her so
this time too I think the Oz the great
and powerful oh my god I'm so awful I
believe tie the time it's just the
leader board thing oh really so I can
just stay on the truck and probably
unless unless there's an event like here
or maybe now all right all right all
right
yeah I don't think you could be on the
truck when there's like some kind of
avalanche nope
and why are all these trucks having a
massive high-speed convoy during an
earthquake yeah you know Karen trucking
is how we get all of our goods yeah a
lot of our goods are sent for trucks and
if they're driving like these guys it's
a wonder that if it gets there all right
I officially suck high fat Cylon hi
everyone oh the trucks are at an angle
sometimes and that makes you jump higher
oh okay this looks even harder than the
octopus game I was playing an octave
daddy had be playing Octodad we played
that yeah yeah look like though that
that was super fun I never knew walking
could be that difficult we don't know we
don't know how good the game is yet this
is you know we just turned it on I don't
even remember buying this game nope it
was just maybe someone gifted it to me
it was just I saw that it was coming out
today so I went to steam to buy it and
it was already in my library
so somebody gifted it to us something
thank you yeah thank you if you gifted
it to what is this and why this is
cluster truck it's a game where you jump
on trucks it's kind of like a reverse
dad like verse why why do we do anything
why does anyone do why does anyone
anything hey so what's new
the big news that pertains to us and
everyone on Twitter made sure we knew
about this I'm on the chug I think that
truck got lost and you weren't supposed
to jump ahead that's the way I was
moving yeah that truck stopped off to go
piss yeah you you you have to like use
the other stick to look Wow aw don't you
come but just autoplay so oh god news is
there is an advert advertising
regulatory agency that is taking a look
at no man's sky false advertising to see
if they fall under some sort of false
advertising suit which you know is very
exciting news to anyone who felt duped
by no man's sky I looked into the
according to the article written what
would happen is if they found them false
advertising all that would happen is
they'd have to remove all their
advertising it wouldn't even be fine
like they wouldn't be in unless they
refused to remove their advertising they
wouldn't necessarily be fine but they've
already sold that shit
exactly Oh tiny truck so so what's the
next step NYX they get class-action
lawsuit the disgruntled gamers exactly
so it doesn't seem like it oh those
trucks like extra skinny yeah yep that's
the that's the chat talking with us so
it doesn't seem like on I'm terrible
even if they're fine found to be like
guilty of false advertising it doesn't
sound like there'd be that many
repercussions
besides someone saying haha you false
advertised their sales their sales have
probably already taken to nosedive and
nobody's ever gonna want to buy anything
from that company again exactly exactly
I know you approve of twitch voting in
the game beefcake I don't know how rich
feels about it at this moment yeah all
of his trucks are in the diet
oh nice land stick their landing I tried
to jump it didn't work it thanks mal
radical mall radical that's why we you
know we we like mall rekkles says they
watched us play no man's sky before they
bought that's the service that rich and
I provide I said it reminded me very
very much of when I used to work for the
dentist when he was when he would clean
the tartar off TV that was what mining
look like and I was getting paid to be
there for the tartar removal right whoa
nice don't mess it up don't mess it up
so what do you think rich are you filled
with rock and roll oh don't with
something oh nice nice whoo
I think you just type in the number like
it says like you know one is tiny trucks
two is double gravity threes min max
what and I think you just type in the
number into chat what is 3 min max which
is I um type 3 I just want to see what
that is no no no also sorry if you are
tipping but the laptop decided to
restart and I don't have any of the tips
yet so give me a moment if you're
tipping everyone wants to double gravity
though
now this looks like a game you play for
free um a free online game website oh
you know fuck yeah
nice I think this was a very small team
like I said originally I think this was
a joke like look at what I can do in my
game engine that's 400 the trucks are
coming the other way now ah oh that's
neat
okay what's min/max
nope nope nope nope we don't know what
min/max is but like are you jumping any
different I think water madly jumping
you're automatically jumping yeah Oh
Karen is doing something okay what are
you working on is Karen doing what the
hell are you doing is Karen doing Karen
is convoying convoy dude I guess you
could use a mouse and keyboard but why
it's more of a controller game I think
convoy I didn't want to try this you're
much better at this stuff than I am and
you're having a hard time with some min
max was forcing me to jump me Max is
forcing you to jump you kind of used the
momentum of the crash I like that Smokey
and the Bandit no smoking Oh little
smokey a little bandit
ha whoa God come to us shit no I don't
think that was enough for a copyright
strike I think we're fine it's about 10
seconds if that mean if and we were
singing over it like this to me this
looks like a this looks like a game
where you know let's say you have a
let's say you have a friend who wants to
play something really silly come over
and you go you got to check out cluster
trip this is this is a game you have
someone play to get them into gaming in
general like play this silly cluster
truck game nice oh oh oh you're doing it
you're doing it maybe no you're another
trucks Wow a lot of trucks are you
condoling again
oh wow you were there I thought you were
there and we had a request for that
somebody said Smokey and the Bandit
which I believe a song called eastbound
and down cluster truck frequently asked
questions shows you've got a hit number
with the number fYI trucks were like the
Internet of the seventies it's like this
big new shiny life changing culture
changing society changing things oh and
not just chart you know just like CB
radios in general like people had CB
radios and they would talk to long-haul
truckers yeah they built they built the
express place the 50s and the 60s and by
the 70s these companies were really
using a haul truck and yeah the Golden
Age of the long-haul trucker now they're
they're talking about replacing them
with Google trucks or self-driving cars
stop thank you odd brother for
explaining the mid max min Max is a game
modifier which requires you to jump plus
move forward at each frame you can
possibly do so it also forces you to use
your movement ability on every frame so
that it's possible to do so so min max
just makes it harder it all oh nice one
nice one hmm
this is like pod racing for rednecks
absolutely is this even like possible to
play through without them messing with
you
yeah we can turn off twitch I'm just
wondering like no I know that but I mean
like it seems like it's impossible it's
hard to begin with and it's like
impossible once they start I think
that's the idea yeah I think that's the
idea this is brutal
what's that movie where where the whole
crust of the earth starts falling in
2012 is that it with like the whole
planets like sinking or something and
there's people driving at all the
grounds like collapsing behind them and
stuff
PJ stever's you're absolutely right once
we get to the the Golden Age of
self-driving cars yes every single
person who drives for a living will be
out of a job yeah it's something we need
to prepare for because a lot of people
are employed in the transportation
industry the number one number one job
and a lot of driver which is brought is
rather broadly defined it's the most
common job in a lot of states I believe
that I would absolutely about are you
you're on a truck still you're fine yeah
nope no please
now in the in the grocery industry where
I've spent a fair amount of time a lot
of those people don't just drive they
also unload which may be robots could do
and they order and they communicate with
store personnel so I'm not sure that
they could simply be replaced with a
self-driving truck oh sure but you can
you can get rid of percentage yeah
access denied and and you would be able
to broaden your hiring to include people
who don't have a CDL right who may have
who may have vending skills you know but
not necessarily as commercial truck
driving skills first I don't know how
big of a truck you have to be before you
need a CD Alex I'm gonna have like this
box trucks I don't know if those are
truck trucks they're not semis what does
access denied' mean do we know we don't
know I don't we don't know
Oh Deanery ever change can you change
the color of the trucks that would be
nice give them some logos on the side
like give I have a previously recorded
truck and a coke truck yes granted I
have no idea what speaking of one last
note on driver automation I know I've
mentioned it before but in case someone
wasn't around that day there's a
wonderful hello
what is that who is doing that and how
are they doing head maybe they're
blowing up the number of times they're
allowed to screw with you and it's
denying their access this is crazy if
you haven't what what is your favorite
color what is your name what is your
quest our favorite color is blue 90% of
people probably say blue probably you
want to say the hot pink hot pink our
favorite color is hot pink I don't think
you get to hear you well I'm just I
don't know
can I type it in I think rich likes red
hot pink blue hard to say I like red but
it's got to be a cool red and not a real
roll bread like Target red is a bit much
my favorite customer the next picture of
you I shut the front door it's blue why
are they blue now why are they blue now
rich favorite color they like pac-man
goes oh they colored in blue because yes
what your favorite color was oh they can
make the cut Trix what is happening is
something is happening here I think
somebody somebody colored the trucks
somebody colored the trucks rich alright
so this is a thing that the chat can do
and they make them red or can they have
patterns logo that go to polka dot I
kind of like red
though a cadre of hot pink trucks is an
interesting sight the chat is doing this
the hand to be yeah they said what color
you like and we said blue and they said
and you said hot pink it's they made a
blue it's a somebody made of hot pink
what what happened oh the hot pink
messed with it event loading well one we
are in control things in Chad we are
landfall gets fucked with oh you're
gonna get bored of just watching a
sitting here motionless you could
probably turn us back good what do you
guys do what do you guys want to do all
right well it's been a fun stream yeah
it's been nice it's been a pleasure
Oh flying sharks their landfall games is
in Chad rich oh yes and I'm sure they're
fuckin with streamers today oh it's a
first ability here Oh God levitation
sounds useful what sounds fun though
well of a taste it sounds like Princess
Peach and Mario too you know super truck
super true yeah super truck oh no
another point we only have 27 thousand
points alright alright so know you can
get air dash or double jump or jet pack
jet pack jet pack so the people who made
this game are screwing with you guys
live I think they are that's kind of
Awesome and I think
I think they're having a great time
giggling well they messed with us sure
we'll get the jet back teleportation
what's the disrespected blink do Oh
find out next time liberal ow sir if we
wanted to Oh hot pink I love hot pink
try another way I we did turn on the the
twitch integration at any point we could
uncheck the the play with twitch button
and they wouldn't be able to mess with
it I don't think
oh shit bud no it's more fun this way
you guys can vote on stuff and mess with
us it's interactive do you guys want
black hole trucks or gun trucks
surprises surprises black pop rocks our
god I'm so I'm so awful at this
why oh the chat is saying black hole
black hole black hole black hole yep
black hole oh you drive
oh no no black hole trucks oh no oh wow
how can you even oh wait you have a
jetpack now I don't know how to use it
it's I think it's one of the bumpers
let's do both Oh God oh jeez look at
this no I'm not dead I'm not dead I
don't want to use it one of the bumpers
they're one of the triggers you have to
figure out how to use oh are those the
guide trucks I think these are the gun
trucks yes Oh God God truck the style do
anything for you Oh what if God wasn't
one of trucks but a God was made of
truck what if he rolled up with us in a
truck not in
Shire choose micro buzz I'm drinking but
I'm not drinking we think you guys would
be great speed well you don't have to
rub it in I think rich is doing a
fantastic yes I would I'm a terrific
slow runner my whole life I've been a
terrific slow runner Oh God say what you
need to figure out this old jet pack
situation
exploding trucks oh no - 100
Loden oh my god I think they're
speedrunning hereit's which is gonna
have an aneurysm gonna play this but
what do you need to play this with an
electric toothbrush
he needs rich needs his diabetes
medication yo don't know which needs his
hypertension but I'm shocked oh my god
how terrible wasn't having it you didn't
have it before but he might have it now
Oh God Oh cute okay you can do it rich
you can do it I believe in you take it
slow
right
rich I think I think I think there I
think this is more my speed
hey guys think about which oh the trucks
explode after you land yep you can find
a try wrong shit otherwise I don't know
oh wait truck
oh sweet lord back up back up back up ok
ok let's take a moment yeah press pause
what and how do you use your jetpack I
don't know how you that's what I'm
saying is like figure out how to use
your jetpack landfall games
how does rich uses jet I might not have
it equipped properly well main menu ok
how do we equip and use the jetpack so
we can try that out abilities oh I
probably you know what it wasn't
equipped it was on I screwed up okay so
now go to options and go to controls so
you know how to use it alright ability
the bumpers the bumpers okay good okay
now we are ready to go because I feel
like this this level you specifically
need your jetpack oh yeah that's it yes
now you can play flying truck jump yeah
we charge you're gonna I I think someone
just gave you like a special mode
because you keep dying
I think someone in the chat probably
land video mode said rich needs a little
help he needs time to get his heart rate
back down rich needs a little help with
this you know I'm gonna fall I'm gonna
fall right in front of the goal and we
use my jetpack to go through us and I'm
gonna do reason her brain alright using
our brain no I guess do it I got some
great airtime going on here brag too
much
devs take away jetpack
what and here we don't disable the
jetpack don't do it
did they disable the jetpack oh okay I
know what a laser truck is now you know
I and I thought it would be silly to ask
what a laser truck was what do I do you
can make trucks do this many things all
right you know all right when you are in
the when you are in the the cluster
truck bit oh yes when you're in the
cluster truck business it's your
business to cluster some trucks you know
it sounds like you you can't just have
regular trucks they're tricked out or
truck that they're true oh they're tried
they're tricked-out trucks they're
tricked out and trucked up that laser
truck okay stop it stop it
laptop laptop laptop
oh go yes we got started two months ago
laptop there we go
don't worry chose updates are finally
installed thank you for showing up I
think it's not messing with us now
probably not making someone hungry oh I
wish I could share my pirate booty with
you boy oh well too bad second actually
I'm not crunching too loud I did pull
the microphone away from my head a
little that's very kind of you
there's been up for a while too so they
must just like check every now and then
red no okay where this week oh I thought
you said it's been out for I thought you
said it was on your Steam for a while oh
it was I think I bought it during early
access okay but I didn't play it because
you know I like to play games later oh
you know what I think it was a sale it
was one of those like this game comes
out in a couple of weeks buy it now for
50% off and I said oh heck yes
no can rip say aid but like how rich
says it
what aid hey there you go let's see here
ler Teac says hey guys just want to say
I'm hosting a horror movie stream every
weekend all October called the scream
extreme
that's great ludia yak Halloween is
right around the corner and I I don't
know about you like I know J starts
celebrating Halloween in September
because he's Jane but I refuse to put up
Halloween decorations before October 1st
I am a huge fan of all things sugar
skull and tend to keep a lot of things
that could be considered Halloween II up
around okay but like when it comes to
specifically decorating for Halloween
what's your policy um actually a lot of
our Halloween decorations are my
mother's garage and have been for a
number of years now so unless I remember
to bring them up I don't know if we're
going to all out decorate for Halloween
okay but like I said we've got enough of
enough sugar skulls and skulls things in
general I kind of like that like cutesy
cutesy mild Magothy kind of decor anyway
so we're kind of passably Halloween
doubt your round all I know is that my
children are really upset with me at the
moment because I refuse to decorate
before I owe their kids what are they
gonna do about it
oh nothing but it's every day like any
other people have started to put up
decorations so we're walking around
those those people put up decorations
why can't we cuz I want to wait until
October first I like to wait until
accident and then Saturday let's cut and
that's what I tell them it's coming
no no no so you know I'm like that with
every holidays Halloween Halloween being
early doesn't really bother me so much
as the Christmas stuff that sometimes
starts in August gets a little annoying
it's like when it's when it's 75 degrees
in Chicago or Milwaukee it's not
Christmas the Christmas creep as it's
called yeah it creeps up and up I know
some places it's warm all year but
around here it just doesn't feel
Christmasy until the leaves fall off the
trees right oh I like what's happening
here why did that fill huh you can't hit
you can't hit any obstacle Ridge that's
close that was it Karen is here she's
the lady you hear talking I'm told I'm
showing my accent and you're where does
my ex that make me sound like I'm from
you Chicago accent are you getting a
little getting a little I've been told I
sound Minnesotan which is interesting
Minnesota Minnesota don't you know don't
you know I think a lot of people confuse
the like the Fargo accent with a
Wisconsin accent nice nice one like that
one that was a good one that felt good
can you hear me crunching a lot I could
pull the microphone away further
oh okay I was an easy one I think II was
getting on the right truck
yeah wait next time I want to see your
your rank again okay
it's that northern accent people from
the north don't have an accent people
from the south right hey everybody else
has an accent
actually that's partially true they say
that newscasters when when they when
they start in like broadcasting school
they are taught to speak with a
Midwestern accent because it is Paris
most best accent it well it's the most
neutral accent so it's easiest to
understand by the most amount of people
you know you got your Boston your pack
you can to have it yeah yeah or your
Southside Chicago traditional da bears
right exact all bears or if someone
comes in from out of town Chicago Sara
Lee gonna understand they say that most
people most broadcasters are taught the
Midwestern all right now Speedwagon says
people from the south don't have an
accent people from the north have a
knack you'll be quiet okay you're wrong
and you're a liar
yes Californians have an accent that's
subtle to the ears of it Westers but
it's there
Kansas there's I see it's so funny to
people on the chat go actually it's not
it wasn't Midwestern it was Ohio on them
to comments down actually newscasters
learned on Indianapolis accent so I
guess that's the same thing Indianapolis
Ohio right
no Indianapolis is in Indiana
that's an Indiana right see to me
Indianapolis sound subtly southern yes I
have that experience as well are you
doing a kids in the hall sketch call go
knock I know she can go beat the trucks
that's worth something right I get bonus
points for beating the trucks
I I think I saw your rank once and you
know like it was a hundred and four or
1100 and 14th place yes so I don't think
you're killing it huh well I don't have
money it might be great jacks it could
be great
it's just said like won first place out
there extra trucks I like it I like the
extra fat trucks the better than the
extra skin eater they're cute well nope
nope Oregon Oregon has tons of accents
dad do Oregonians sound like like Kurt
Cobain and the Washington people like
satellites I don't know did Kurt Cobain
Avonex they see out lights like
satellites oh that what you're from
thank you thank you
Seattle lights yeah maybe it might be
sad ones see Owens
what's with it we walk is what Milwaukee
ins Milwaukee and Milwaukee ins okay
which is a tongue twister yep
it's not as bad as like connect it like
that healthy have any size trucks and
mr. bit you real trucks have real trucks
have curves which means none of these
are real structs is there is there a mod
where you can make some sausage shape
some rich slides off the sides so by the
way that's a marketing opportunity with
Oscar Mayer they could all turn into the
Oscar Mayer Wienermobile
yeah oh there's a lot of marketing
opportunities thank you talking to be
Oscar Mayer beautiful coke trucks and
Pepsi trucks and beer trucks and of
course if you put beer trucks and they
probably we have to be like like mature
audiences only because heaven forbid
anybody see the logo oh yeah can't see
beer logos you're drinking Stan ranging
instantly just love the Budweiser frogs
yeah okay gotta beat them those boulders
I used to love that you got it you
commercials for whatever for bubble I
don't know I don't sorry Karen you were
saying we started screaming that my
favorite beer commercials when I was a
kid we were to the ones but they would
say give me a light so they give them
like tiki torches
okay so we're
stuff they'd be like no Bud Light which
is kind of not my favorite but it's
nobody's favorite yeah it's nobody's
favorite except for people with I'm in
max that's forcing me to use my it's one
of the less offensive widely available
super budget baseball game II kind of
well
so I'll give it that Bud Light is a
people who have wheat allergies drink
Bud Light because instead of being made
with we did this movie is made with rice
I did not know that right and so well
what happened I'm afraid I'm compensated
for the min/max so it's like gluten-free
or whatever but like I don't know if
it's gluten-free but it's it's it's just
not made with yeah with wheat and so it
is a right yet it's like a rice beer and
so I know a lot of people who have a
wheat sensitivity or celiac disease or
whatever that is do Bud Light I think it
tastes like ass garbage it's not good I
think I I would much rather have a fine
Miller products you know Miller Lite is
basically water yes you can do it you
can do it hard to get on I've already
done it's been done oh I thought you
were going for speed for speed down but
a lot of beer isn't made with wheat oh
well I don't think on a large scale like
there are gluten-free beers but it
tastes like ass garbage it does I I do
not like Bud Light I do not like it it's
not as bad as old-style you know what
given the choice I'd choose an old style
I would choose just about anything over
Bud Light
just about anything oh that's right
Tiberius Kirk uh Tiberius Kirk says rich
is going for distance he's going for
speed he's all alone all alone in his
time of need because he's racing and
chasing and Counting the goose is
fighting and biting and hugging every
curve old man I don't even know all the
lyrics that one he's uh oh I made with
Bart yeah maybe barley not wheat I don't
know
but lights made with rice it's made
differently which is the moral of the
story get with me get be with me jazz
made with an alternate starch yes all
right
how's that for fucking speed I mean I
don't know we'll see Oh water 82 last
time it was like 1,200 so I think you're
getting better I think you lower numbers
are better when it comes to speed yes oh
that's how long a measurement of how
long it took you yeah oh well ring me
based on how long it took other people
what is Miss it's like the North Pole or
something yes tips aren't working oh
look a different location that's nice
this all are these all heading to the
North Pole to get to get merchandise
from Santa so they can drive down to
Walmart I like it this is a
christmas-themed Oh God Laser trucks
rich Jack you're gonna deal with the
laser trucks I will deal with the laser
trucks as soon as I read this tip from
old handsaw hey puckers all this
trucking action has me longing for a hal
needham for a he'll need a movie any
chance of doing his films for best the
worst megaforce death car rad mega force
is great mega force is a great moment
that is I don't know if you saw we saw I
saw that a bee fest and it was great
mega forest is fantastic it's very
cheesy gamer child game child do cases
hi jack
and rich Evans finally got the five
three five nine four Z achievements dr
and got the real Mega Buster
Oh Dead Rising yeah now playing to get
every survivor psychopath done fuck Erin
fuck Gordon saw your let's play of Dead
Rising it's hard yeah it is satisfying
them that's great that's great
Megaforce is a mega forces and fantastic
movies I think you know I've talked
about this before like that we've made
like shit
yeah we have we have those like lists of
uh we have those lists that we made of
like possible best of the worst episodes
and Megaforce is on there somewhere so
is it I think we added oh you know what
I think you know what I think
I think we have Megaforce on beta and we
were looking to do a Betamax episode but
we couldn't find two other Betamax tapes
I think that was the problem with
Megaforce I could see that I don't know
if we have Megaforce on VHS but that was
what it was is we wanted to do a Betamax
episode because we had Megaforce on beta
but we couldn't find two other Betamax
moose oh oh no beta yeah hey
it was superior in quality it was
superior in quality but not as readily
available so you know what one the thing
that was more readily available
Oh God oh Jesus Christ the Smokey and
the Bandit came who earnest on do it we
need beta tapes bouncy trucks rich
bouncy trucks oh fuck
you have your jet pack yep oh wow nice
thanks Roger
bouncy Oh fancy trucks oh look at this
look at that clusterfuck
um rich any thoughts on dead rising the
movie no not really gonna be zombie
movie well then you talking about the
this who made those crackle ones
oh dude they've made click to wait like
full movies yeah really
no oh I figure I thought this was new
information alright faster more intense
harder faster better stronger girl Jack
trigger choices I'm so confused yet I am
still entertained yeah the ice is so far
that's been kind of a game nice nice oh
oh I did see that I don't know if you if
you saw the exhilarating news but Campo
Santo is getting into the moviemaking
business they are making a fire watch
movie but
nice pad was a good level yes good no
hey hey we don't want to get sued yeah I
have to get to them we have to talk over
to monetize this room we have to talk
over this until we get to the polka what
is the maximum length that's just going
for what course is that too long I mean
I don't I don't know if there sometimes
it's instant if the bots get it okay we
have to be very careful okay so they're
making a fire watch movie okay which
yeah yeah maybe it is a movie that's
what it should have been in the first
fucking place yeah
could be a good movie I wonder if much
like we saw with comic books here look
at me making video games so they can
make a movie so they can sell the movie
rights oh dear God that's why I'm I
could see it that's what we saw in comic
book times do some people literally just
making comic books like how boys an
alien they couldn't sell the movie
Cowboys and Aliens so they made a they
made a graphic novel with the express
purpose of selling the graphic novel as
a movie because they couldn't sell the
script the same script for the graphic
novels mursalin and it worked because
studios were buying comic book movies
now studios are gonna buy video game
movies so think about you know what I
got this idea for a movie I'll make it
into a small indie game and a studio
will buy it a movie about jumping on top
of trucks right I've seen action movies
built around less what was that what was
the first person action movie that just
came out oh God double gravity's yeah
sounds like nasty jackers an action
jacker adventure Jack I didn't see it it
was a movie in entirely in first-person
perspective brutal Bruce yeah oh no that
was a different movie that we saw
hardcore hen
yes Thank You Chad it was a literate of
yep it was nasty jack exploding oh let's
hear hens nope nope
anonymous hi rich Jake and Carol Carol
okay yeah Jake and Carol here's to but
it's a thing they get our names are on
parole for the send our lm2 Mars fund
maybe did you watch that at all
no Elon Musk just saying fuck it worth
it we're taking people to Mars in six
years we already have the technology
we're doing it you on musk is a crazy
motherfucker and I love them
I'm not volunteering for that so yes
fashioned SpaceX is gonna send people to
Mars I'm sure they're people who are
beginning to like the lower atmosphere
yet right today a success if I had
they've had a one big failure you know
they they blew up Facebook right
satellite but no it wasn't the first one
somebody blew up one yeah that was just
blew up Facebook's I don't know but
there was another one a couple years ago
or somebody blew up with some pilot died
oh but no they've had to SpaceX has had
some success but it doesn't matter we're
fucking going to Mars and it's gonna be
great okay I will follow Elon Musk
anywhere I personally have no particular
desire to go to Mars at this stage but
I'm sure that there will be per song
personally right a lot yes put it I mean
like I'd love to send other people there
I could think of a few people like they
could be the first that I will I will go
to the parade and I would clap you
didn't you went to Mars yeah yeah I
think I am thinking the low orbit took
Earth orbit test flights what are they
gonna do that like man ones we're like
you could like pay them some money and
go into space and lower Earth orbit
maybe hurt
mazi trucks space yeah
whoa hey I can't even handle
rollercoasters it's just not my thing
it said along with roller coasters I
fuck your fancy trucks are available for
the people who enjoy fuck ya know
Antarctica has certain advantages like
breathable air yeah yeah I think I mean
yet alloys but that'd be really
important if you can walk outside of
Mars your lungs would freeze there too
yeah
it's not a warm place from for warm
things for what but most times in places
I seem seven here and I did like they
have the they have the low gravity plane
that was Virgin Galactic where you have
the Vomit Comet the bottoms of amun
campesino that what's that group so one
two three go or okay go okay go have you
seen their video what with the Vomit
Comet oh no no they believed that they
didn't want to check check it up and
check it out on youtube they did a video
on the Vomit Comet nice they've they've
done some rather a music video they do
all sorts of wacky music videos yeah
that okay go the band that's the one
thing they got goin fluence it that's
all I got yeah I cannot hum you one of
their songs no they I you know I'm sure
there are a lot of people's thing
they're musically it's not my favorite
thing agreement it's not horrible it's
not offensive I wish them well it just
doesn't push my particular buttons you
know I mean I want to like them because
her videos are so damaged I've heard
they're very nice people
yeah I want to love the shit out of them
I want to be their biggest fan but I
don't see myself listening to their CDs
too much oh shit maybe just cuz I'm
gonna open well old set in my ways but I
know their videos they've got the one
with the Rube Goldberg machine oh yeah
even though it has some cuts in it yeah
and the one with the with the treadmills
does the Rube Goldberg machine won't if
cuts in it does unfortunately
unfortunately but you know it's still
very impressive I think they won with
Legos
it wouldn't surprise me did you see like
their big car commercial one where they
like drove on a musical instrument but
they've like made a race track of
musical instruments and so like like
they made like a giant what do you call
the the band instrument where you like
hit it with things yeah they made like a
giant that's what there's a couple
there's other similar things and then
they put like a stick on the top of a
car and drove it was a car commercial
but like it was a yeah and so they just
drove and the stick hit different
musical things it was really neat I
thought it was like they have that one
that one thing I don't know if it's with
raspberry pi R was something else where
you you get these little diodes and you
can put them on different stuff and then
you like you can make them do stuff like
you can make it so when you touch a
banana it plays a musical note stuff I
thought maybe they did that with the
track so with a car drove over all the
play music I guess you can do that with
just like motion sensors so just play a
sound when it went drove past something
no but it was like physical stuff yeah
they're neat yeah I'm glad they have had
like the hell's going on here earthquake
earthquake bridge and they're there
videos make a lot more sense jessic
music videos music videos trying to get
arty with it yeah we're gonna explain
what's going on in the song man it's
gonna be cool okay so like there's a
bunch of dead trees and Kurt Cobain's
standing next to an angel with no skin
and love it a lot of this game is just
this you know trying huh watch alright
you seem to be in a flow so I'm gonna
let you flow once you stop flowing I'll
take it once you stop flowing videos yes
she does
New York beat York
everyone knows the Icelandic singer beat
York yeah York B George she did she has
a like a documentary thing it's pretty
strange too with David Attenborough
making weird instruments out of weird
things it's kind of strange the stuff
she did York is kind of strange the
stuff she does would probably be
irritating some of it would be
irritatingly pretentious if she wasn't
so earnest and so into orrible and so
chipper right how could you that like
her look like she's like a giant
five-year-old she's a pixie yeah she's
an honest-to-goodness pixie just sitting
there stealing children's teeth and
making wishes come true yeah I can't
believe you did that
I don't either I neither it was very
close it's very close furgus like a
talented Yoko Ono that is the most
accurate description ever New York New
York is like a talented Yoko Ono hmm but
there's no like there's no John London
in there yeah but like well we're not
very go to John Lennon I don't know if
she's married or has children or
anything or if she likes men or women
you know Yoko's the musician oh I know
Yoko is I meet jerk why does it matter
husband kids well because that is who
Yoko wants to be yeah yeah not sure
juice let's find out she's somewhere
between between Yoko and Nico
development underground whoo little Yoko
Nico Bjork has a son
oh okay oh I have not heard that lady
ACK says have you heard the rumor that
she only started acting weird because
she wanted to drive off the creepy
stalkers who were obsessed with her when
she was just cute I don't know I mean
like that I've heard like some of the
stuff she did would when she was with
sugar cubes sugar cubes and it was
strange stuff even back then yeah like
that song birthday especially like
listening to it nice landok
it's trippy and yeah she does have pipes
ya know like I said like I think echoing
that she's the talented Yoko Ono if York
is the person Yoko Ono wishes she could
be ya know me ricotta Asian Bjork is
know you were there rich this is
horrifying
I didn't expect to hear about sugar
cubes in this stream we're on a
different different plane here that's
what happens sometimes you start talking
about Bjork I like I never much cared
for the sugar cubes III discovered them
after Bjork and so like going from solo
Bjork to the sugar cubes is almost like
a letdown it's one of those fun things
to see where she came from
yeah but it's a younger less-experienced
Bjork in front of like an indie rock
band yeah and so like it's not Bjork
Bjork right but then again what is BRB
arc you know even Bjork Bjork isn't
you're me a lot of her stuff is
different than her other stuff exactly
it depends on which Bjork you're getting
with this Bjork now she did if you heard
her her duet with it's pretty old now
but her duet from Selma songs with Thom
Yorke the guy from Radiohead
no I have some songs that's from dancer
in the dark oh yeah yeah yeah
and I love dancer in the dark that's a
movie we've talked about often as a
movie that is one of the most depressing
movies I've ever seen I saw it with my
then girlfriend my now wife and I had to
physically carry her out of the movie
theater oh no because she was so wrecked
at it she just couldn't she couldn't she
could not function she could not
she couldn't even she couldn't even yeah
that's a fine now it's hard to listen to
it after you've seen the movie that um I
do care works
I'd like to hear them do a whole album
together sometime you know Radiohead as
a band I've never lazy drugs never got
into never gotten into I I kind of get
it like I understand why people like
them but it's it's just never been hate
to me like my favorite stuff for theirs
is okay computer okay
and she's in this you know there's the
album's after it there's some songs I
like I'm not real crazy about in
rainbows therefore so who is more like
your usual you know alternative rock
it's fine
the second one is your cheese is a
little funky but worthwhile but I really
like okay computer which is like this
weird concept album okay lays a truck
yeah Radiohead I've never a lot of
people love them and I'm not taking away
from your love of them just not never
been my thing yeah a lot of people loved
in rainbows but I I loved okay computer
and there were some good songs on kitty
and what's the other one I hear the new
ones quite good kitty
yeah yeah the Ben's disk is a good
outlet to another new one no the Ben's
is our second outlet I also liked the
the EP that came out along with the
Ben's it's got Lois and which is
mistreated and a couple of other goods
it's like five songs oh that was great
that was I'm gonna bet that's been done
a billion times better billion billion
chagum billion it's been done 8400 and
11 times yeah but you did it and that's
all that matters
look at this that's fun there hey you
know okay they're having fun with this
game they're having fun I like the
little obstacles I was getting bored of
looking at trucks and rocks yep the shop
Oh God
sorry we want to see how hard I suck
mm-hm which button do I push
oh god yeah jumps hey button jumps
mm-hmm this is your rocket pack and then
the left the red trigger does this
sprinting the a button jumps and the
right trigger do you do anything on the
left hand you know this one moves you
around and and then this one does your
jetpack oh god oh god oh god a button
jumps no right into a thing jumps and
now you have to answer a question while
playing what's your favorite animal and
if you could crossbreed any animal with
an elephant what animal would you would
you choose um well I like capybaras okay
I mean I love dogs as far as domestics
go and if I crossbreed any animals an
elephant what can I do a woolly mammoth
because you know everybody wants to
create all of so you wanna bring the
woolly mammoth back well yeah I would
like a woolly mammoth back to I can't
right Karen here all right I want a big
fuzzy elephant yeah I mean elephants are
adorable elephants but fur black baby
elephants with fur baby elephants with
fur that was a that was hanza frosh his
tip
we're catching up okay a hardcore gamer
I'm just not gonna lie says hey fellas
and Karen this game doesn't seem to have
a lot of variation is there an end game
to us or maybe some more backgrounds
also are there any plans on a new movie
commentary soon possibly we've talked
about it
nothing's been decided yet far as
backgrounds well you've seen we've got
some new backgrounds and some obstacles
which are exciting I think like you know
Frogger pac-man it really is kind of the
same thing over and over again but
harder Arkady I mean that's kind of just
how arcade games work yeah absolutely
they're not they're not once where you
have like a bunch of levels to explore
they just don't work that way they're
just subtle tweaks o-73 ones is Jack and
rich loving the stream okay I'm not the
only one which one of you is Vijay and
which one is the barrel yes Karen I
thought the earlier
crunching was just part of the accent
above the grits like it like those like
weird African dialects where there's
like cliques and I'm like from crunch
Pakistan movies like the Kong people
either heard militia
Haram you've heard Mary mochi both sing
no she's from the Kong people okay I
think I think she died a few years back
I mean she did a lot of singing some of
the width and some without but she had a
some famous songs with a thing in there
all right because that's a sound in
their language right
I think I'm understanding this it helps
without the earthquake yeah look up Mary
miriam makeba
or mo Kiba with K look her up sometime
she's got a beautiful voice some great
songs
what is love is a really good one baby
don't hurt me don't hurt me no more I've
heard that one
I've heard that one that's a good one
okay the blue blaze says hey guys all
right why do so many trilogies succumb
to Godfather syndrome where the first
one's good the second one's great and
the third
sucks are there any video game trilogies
that apply rich they or jack you can ask
Jack to thief well it's hard to make a
first sequel that's that's good to begin
with I don't think there's anything
magical about the concept of a trilogy
mm-hmm
I think it's like any movie you like the
sequel or you don't and 90% of the time
the sequel is your badge right and then
every now and then the sequel is great
let's you have two good movies like
alright well make a third one and then
you're taking that same you know 90%
chance of failure less good movie
absolutely and they're just not hitting
the mark that third side listen a red
she's a smart man yeah wise man and a
wise ass and a wise ass smart ass but
not a dumb ass omid max god damn it guys
we're tonight on hitting the bookworm
adventures hard yeah we had an O death
run on Brooklyn adventures to the death
rain
yeah okay we didn't lose a single room
yeah mostly you didn't lose a single
round you're you're unusually good at
that game you come up with some kickass
words to hold on they give you like a
grid of what is it 16 random letters 25
entirely random cuz that make sure you
get a revolves but are you getting
Rastafarians yeah that was one of them
oh my god
you got brontosaurus yesterday there's a
lot of video game examples of a bad
third game yes
Arkham Knight what's up bad she's not as
good it falls short of the first two
roller coaster tycoon 3 was good
I think I think difference with games
and movies a lot of time when movie is
this equal you seem to get like more of
the same she's bigger yeah I think I
think a lot of times with video games
you get a really good second game
because they figured their shit out from
the first ones yeah and possibly listen
to feedback from their users like
wouldn't it be cool if you did this yeah
I'd like to see that so I think I think
you get a lot of good first sequels in
video games and then they try to mix it
up then I want to do more the same you
know they they have the formula they
perfect the formula and then we got to
shake it up and the shake up doesn't
work which is my Mega Man sequels we're
decent because they just did the same
fucking thing over and over again they
never tried to shake it up shake it up
this is working there was wisdom in that
this is making money why would we shake
it up this game looks like proof of
concept this game was made because
people saw a ship of people running out
and gif of people running on trucks and
said this would make a nice game small
game developer made their dreams come
true I believe that is what happened I
think they were making like a racing
game or like a driving game and it just
happened to like say oh isn't this funny
how like the trucks are acting and they
uploaded a gif so is the other does the
other game exist
oh that this is 3d Jack I agree that
this is taken from no I think because of
internet reaction they focused on
cluster truck and I'm I like this this
is this is fun Arkady schlock right here
yeah rock star is good at getting better
with sequels to see like the grand theft
auto great auto games they've faltered
here and there
well the first one was pretty primitive
yeah like they stumbled they stumbled
with the fourth one
a city that was New York don't one yeah
the Hoenn oh but that was they tried
some new shit that didn't work I was
cousin Miko is Mario three the best game
of any third game of any video game
series it is good I mean Mario 3 is
great
I threw some a fourth game of any video
game series well world's grass second no
Mario 3 is the third world is fourth
there was a Mario to his Lost Levels
right yes evil but for most of us the
American perspective and get that but
they made it from Deming Fester from the
American perspective it Mario 3 is
really the second game in that series
the second one is something completely
different that's something doki doki
panick thing either way it was Super
Mario Brothers 3 was Super Mario above
the street for us for everyone for
everyone yeah I in Japan they had the
Lost Levels right brothers - right in
the u.s. we had Doki Doki Panic right
was noticing over this - and I matter
what country you lived in Super Mario
Brothers 3 was Super Mario Brothers 3
yes but my point only thing that changes
is how weird Super Mario Brothers 2 was
for you ok but still I mean my point is
from the American perspective Super
Mario Brothers 3 is more of a sequel to
Super Mario Brothers Wan than Super
Mario Brothers 2 is Doki Doki Panic is
its own thing I like Doki Doki Panic - I
like you know what I'm a fan of Super
Mario Brothers - it got weird with it
bluh bluh bluh a oh that's a lot easy
game for me is bleh oh so there's a
sprint button I don't know yeah a little
bit but like it really helps that like
getting through these things but you
know like sorry I failed to mention that
to you didn't he already won in the
background you're just having auditory
hallucinations and to see your should
see your physician at the earliest
possible opportunity
all right Chetty is no work ah it's
Karen daddy's not working on the laptop
it doesn't appear to be I'm clicking on
the shortcut nothing is happening
I'm sorry it's fine is there is a three
that's somebody just being a smartass I
mean this is only 18 they didn't number
them okay I guess if you want to think
of it that way so that's that definitely
want to think of it that way
that's linked to the past yeah yeah link
to the past Super Nintendo one good
result which is arguably the best one
there's an argument there yeah when it's
left bumper it comes in handy like right
there yeah
would flap flapping flapping flapping
mop apparently absent you have to type
in the the hashtag symbol it's not a
hash bag hashtag symbol and not the the
numbers then yeah yeah it's very you
before you put in New York your vote is
Dragon Warrior 3 better than Dragon
Warrior for Dragon Warrior 4 is pretty
good first level beat have you played
much Dragon Warrior Jack no no that that
was that's kind of like the time sink
like old-school turn-based RPG yeah I
want to say I have a look I think I
tried to play it there was a young I
think there was a gameboy advanced
version of Dragon Warrior that I tried
to play and I couldn't really get into
it I just kind of said it's all the
series there's one called
there's a there's a an homage called
dragon fantasy that's available for the
for the mobile platforms that's kind of
cute no okay it's not steam 2 right
what's your point yeah I was playing it
on Steam live one day I don't know if it
was the most fun for people to watch
because it's just a yeah
grind so you can level up kind of thing
but it's cute that's just that's all the
JRPGs though grinds you can level up no
yes
blazer world I love it
oh so we went to the domes the domes
they did not have any lasers turned on
at the time I think they just do that at
night you will have to explain what the
domes of the domes are it's what's the
Mitchell Park Conservatory I think it's
a Milwaukee institution you'll have to
explain what that is there Oh jack
he is a town in the 35th or 40th or
swims it's a big round greenhouse it's a
big it's a big it's a series of three
domes connected by some unknowns their
by their by their Greenup yeah
greenhouses yep they're just domed yeah
we have a lot of winter here
yeah and so we made these greenhouses so
people could see greenery all year round
you ever say you know I miss plants yeah
yeah another plants living thing this
plants trees outside have been sleeping
for the last six months I'll just erase
the low grab so yeah we went to the
flavor I expected better win this time
see where that little craft wears off
Jack you did it are you guys how is
landfill helping me out by giving me
love graphic Aguas conservatory is very
nice the Lincoln Park Conservatory there
orgeous there's also a really nice one
in Joliet their tears we're low grab
Mike three off oh sure plus the domes
it's like five bucks to get in I mean
it's a bargain oh yeah they're great but
the the desert is closed until November
so we're gonna have to go back what the
desert dome oh no I'm sorry that was a
game one so yeah I I don't really feel
like I'm entitled to complain about my
winter too much because I know a lot of
people online they're in Canada and like
I guess the trees have already dropped
their leaves and you know they've
already had the hint of snow and stuff
in Edmonton well it's their fucking
fault being in Canada unit 603 idiot
says hey guys ever consider doing a
stray
of old-school arcade games also what is
your favorite arcade game lol for
decayed my gentleman's sausage smite
this might be a boring answer but
pac-man the fond of pac-man you like
talking about the arcade did I tell you
to smoke his man's cigar yes that is a
new joke for us people say lol fuck my
cock I know it is it's humorous I
actually really like it yes see my
gentleman's sausage I think the question
came up it was why do you have a two
dollar minimum I'm reading the tips and
you know I explained cuz I'm gonna you
could donate five cents and we could
read absolute nonsense and it's you know
if you want me to say something like lol
fuck my cock it'll cost you two bucks
see oh so for two bucks you'll say
whatever they put there without what a
thin reason like you know if it were
like if I write everything that was like
five cents it would be a flood of just
gibberish yeah and possibly ads for yep
penis enlargement whatever else they
sell on the Internet these days they
still penis enlargements on the Internet
I'll be right back I'll take three do
you have any favorite arcade games Jarek
I you're dying alright well I I noticed
I my favorite arcade games were the
light gun game yeah I fucking like time
crisis was my jam did you say light gun
games light gun like like like duck hunt
yes but in arcade and I don't know if
they used a light gun in arcade or
however but that's the best way I can
describe it Oh Jack oh my god okay I
just can't I can't
yeah I know I don't I can't I just can't
it's not the easiest thing in the world
no it's not as easy as I made look oh
sorry I'm a jerk no that was that was
fair because I was rasslin news but now
the truck
sir exploding rich they like that they
like it they like it when the trucks
explode yeah I noticed
so those are the kind of arcade games at
time crisis I would play the shit out of
time crisis okay can I jump over oh you
know what I can't jump over these
because I have the jetpack well super
big dummy all right all right geez don't
run out Karen did you have a favorite
stand up arcade game obviously not so
much I mean when I was a kid parents
thought it was a waste of money so
they're different give me quarters for
that so I don't think skee-ball counts
so uh skee-ball it's fine answer though
KC Manor life says I recently saw a
woolly mammoth exhibit with one that was
picked pickled slash preserved by the
bacteria in the whole world I'd need I
saw it - its name was like a like or a
lunar or something wasn't it it was at
the dibs at the Field Museum and I'm
sure it made the rounds to other
institutions as well so all that was
freeze-dried somewhat recently kind of
yeah it fell in mud and it like I'm
fourth - poor baby like yeah suffocated
when it got a trunk full of mud or
something
that's got an extinct animal from 10,000
years ago that we have soft tissue of
and that's kind of amazing like I don't
know I don't know what the age of that
one is I'm not sure when they became
extinct in like mainland Europe in North
America I know they they hung out I know
they held out unlike Wrangel Island
until like 4000 years ago
hmm dwarf woolly mammoths okay see
that's what I want I wanted to pet dwarf
oh oh I mean come on right so you're
gonna crush them all if you want that if
you want a tiny tiny then you instead of
crossing the elephant with the woolly
mammoth you have to cross the elephant
with the capybara that ought to give you
something roughly equivalent to a woolly
mammoth that's small
be bars are so cute capybaras they're
the world's largest rodent they live in
much of South America and they are all
over the internet they are like giant
guinea pigs and they are incredibly
mellow and usually see pictures of them
either strolling lazily around or other
animals are climbing on top of each ant
fuck you and your laser trucks fuck you
so hard
I'm already on laser levels we don't
need fucking laser what do you do with
an elephant with three balls what do you
do with an elephant with three balls
what tell us what oh is that a joke I
think it's a joke
I'm waiting for them to tell me what I
do with an elephant with three balls
tell me to juggle juggle case you better
laugh when I'm the same also the
creators of mighty number 9 did shake it
up but it was martinis legged Megan
Megan Megan the off switch says just a
benign comment here got the new doom
because I value your opinions and you
really liked it
however I also ordered a steam
controller in spite of you because
you're fucking idiots there we go
lol f me D if you like the same troll or
good on you yeah I didn't see much
advantage to it other than using a
regular controller which would it be
more comfortable for your particular
hands I mean you know maybe they've got
like six fingers or something some kind
of special needs Hey I felt the the mini
trackpad idea was kind of a failure
that's just me yeah the chat vote he
actually does directly affect the game
that the chat is torturing rich and
earlier to these theaters all the game
creators were torturing Jack and rich
well rich earlier yeah that was indeed
that was really yeah in traverse says I
had a dream last night where some Enix
for where for some inexplicable reason
became a part of our lemma Mike gave me
shit for hosting worst episode of review
ever rich laughed at me
Jay was indifferent
watching too much rlm question mark yes
possibly or maybe now maybe the curious
to watch more our love there you go you
get out of your system baby all right
keep talking keep watch all the time
just put a cream on a little confine or
just put a cream on yeah had that I had
that jump timed I lost my mojo Bridge I
know you'd get some real good mojo going
on earlier I was I was working on some
I'll just take it easy
take these slow slicer slow and steady
wins the fucking race oh and when did
the invisible truck show that is not oh
god don't give different Envisat trucks
all right
bouncy trucks actually that might help
me in this case gonna be ok with bouncy
tricks
Oh Oh bounce right into the laser I
could see the exit I could see it rich
it's a strategic use of the backpack
free radial keratotomy what I think's
gonna get my laser eye surgery while
you're jumping free LASIK yeah pretty
lazy no tricks
they want to know if Mike died tomorrow
would you guys finish the blanket review
on his behalf nope yes oh sure but not
right away
it's coming up tomorrow is it so it's
already done is it I need to know that
because the next prereqs does coming up
coming out Tomas going out for that's
great you bastard I'll be coming out
tomorrow and look forward it'll be
called previously recorded event zero so
it'll be hidden we're hiding it oh wait
we're not bouncing trucks anymore that's
actually it's that's actually more
difficult than anything it's like just
keep jumping well oh I know but like go
oh yeah almost Jack I almost had a
spectacular save a side truck save yep
alright alright alright jump do I find
it creepy how much some people somebody
asks how much people are obsessed with
my fiance's work I'm glad he's able to
do something that he enjoys so that
where people give him validation and
sometimes insults but you know gets to
do something creative something he finds
fulfilling tell you a cute story about
rich there's so many I heard you're
gonna go right into it I'm trying to
think and I thought that was your own
idea like well I'm just gonna tell us a
cute store okay I've got a cute story
about rich okay whenever we go into like
Walmart or someplace I always like to
check my blood pressure it's not that I
have a blood pressure problem I just
like playing who knows playing with the
blood pressure I do so we were in we
were in a Walmart and I'm sitting down
at the blood pressure machine and Rich's
you know your typical man he wants to
get in and out we've been in Walmart for
like half an hour which is like 29
minutes longer than he wanted to be
there so he's like you know come on
let's go so I go and I sit I'm like no I
want to do the blood pressure machine so
I sit down another blood pressure
machine and he looks at me and he
to say it to me he goes how old are you
except bright as he said that some old
lady walks by him and he's looking at
her when he says it so he looks at the
75 year old was walking right perfectly
wrong yeah and she looks at him like is
this guy he shot me there's not like
like crazier difference I think actually
this earthquake is helping me because
the truck's kind of bouncing black
lasers
baba yaga yaga cursed him that day oh I
love Baba Yaga
it was Baba Yaga Baba Yaga is like the
Russian witch she's she's like this
Russian folklore witch and she lives in
a house with a bunch of skulls on pikes
and her house has chicken feet and her
house can walk and Gregory Maguire the
guy who did wicked the book he wrote
Abby wrote a book called Aegon spoon
which features her quite a bit and I
just love Bobby ugh hmm he's got a thing
for witches fucking dunno your god I can
see it already fuckers
yeah she flies into a giant mortal
mortar and pestle not a broom not a
broom oh wow how she does it he does not
have she rolls but he flight a broom at
least he can sit on a broom she sits in
the was it the the mortars the thing
that you know that you that you know
that's the pestle I think well she sits
in there she sits in though she sits in
the bowls she sits in the boli thing and
with although it's she'd more like a
butter churn and usually when when I've
seen it Illustrated and she she rose
with the other thing she her stories
were famously illustrated by um I can't
think of a name right now did a good
jack you did good I felt good about that
one don't you fucking do laser trucks
because I fucking hate you guys love the
guys are down all the laser trucks on I
hate you when you get to 75,000 maybe
look into buying something run by
something not with that decent well you
know I think I was gonna try to get done
with the laser world yeah laser world
looks difficult Jack you
there's a way to time this I'm sure
there's a way to thought those things go
down or something right there's a weight
of time this but I also want to go fast
oh the lasers are moving in there are
walls that don't move let's see this
walls you're right lasers are getting
blocked by those the lasers are moving
oh oh I guess if this one is it down oh
okay cool I'm with you I'm with you I
get nope
that was a cute rich effing sorry okay
it's one of my favorites never gonna get
old no rich beating up an old lady yeah
classic just look right at her how old
are you you know trying to shave me
because I was like incidentally looking
at her because she picked that moment
did walk right by hobble her ass by she
just looked at you like oh sure is he is
he room is he special is is he is he
disturbed a little bit of everything
yeah by Klaus Pope no he's famously
maybe but he's also by that I can't
think of his name right now he died
during the siege of London gran he's a
famous Russian artist man I can't think
his name there's do you see this madness
rich yeah madness yes I do
oh it's 7:31 says kind of rich you guys
are so cute
I'm so happy you found each other you
two are so adorable your stories are so
sweet
truly one of the sweetest couples around
thank you lol munch on my meat missile
oh what a great sweet crunch my Scud
I almost went out like I wish Mouse
would be handy huh Mouse would be handy
for shit like that well you know what
what I should turning and jumping here's
what I'm gonna do I'm gonna change
things a little bit make jump left
trigger I'm going to make the jet can I
not
Ivan bill a bit keyboard controls are
rebind able in the launcher but not
welcome well this is what it is is what
it is is what is this is what it is I'm
sorry I would love for like this trigger
to be jump and that is trigger to be
sprint cuz like basically sprint D
you're always holding down yeah but uh
yeah cuz like looking and jumping at the
same time lag be key right now Jack's
only ability is a jetpack and he has
been using it
ya know everyone will see like a yellow
bar appear like right now that bar is
jump pack fuel yeah or some such and
every it refills every once in a while
it kind of like Farah and over watch
where if you don't use it it refills
fuck fuck
thin trucks thin trucks is not gonna
help me I don't know if you don't want
to help you why not
don't they want to see me win the game
no Jack needs an aircraft carrier could
someone deliver him an aircraft carrier
oh that he could just kind of just no
nope nope
