Episode 645
Go Truck Yourself (Part 2)
October 20, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1zykgSXywlI
___________________________________________

it's you know they want to know what
happens if you just ride on a truck and
don't jump forward okay does that even
happen when they're not skinny trucks
the weird thing and this one is that the
walls come and get you
you can't do that it's a viable strategy
and some of the earlier levels this is
they accidentally helped and they
they're they're expressing regret oh
well yeah when they fought when they
fall over it's easy to land on them oh
yeah that was nice Oh regular-sized
truck it would be great here we go here
we go regular-sized trucks again oh
what's wrong with the ground is it like
irradiated or something yeah it's it's
um it's I don't it's like a black hole
or something there's something oh the
fuck on wait wait where where wise why
we're here right and earlier I think
tried to do a steam tip and got invalid
PayPal response are you sure you're paid
palace totally I'm getting many tips and
PayPal might have something going on it
often does with your tips it's lava
obviously the black basalt or something
the floor is lava
maybe you're a therapist well I want to
at least be laser level alright which um
you know I feel like that's how I came
into it and I I do like the laser light
show right I feel like there's some
great EDM playing shooting out of the
bath salts
softer vessel it'll break some fucking
phases
I say you're doing so many unnecessary
jumps I could just ride but I want to go
for speed too
he has a need for speed oh you fucker
truck I was right there you fucker truck
yes what's the name of the game
practically I'm thinking he needs some
dubstep with this Oh Jeff totally screw
with him you sons of bitches we don't
need that we don't need that that
doesn't help us oh my goodness don't
fucking laser trucks you keep up and
next thing you know they're gonna be
like a different color skinny
could they be all this exact any laser
trucks any skinny black laser trucks is
that your heart cuz then we get here and
it doesn't matter anymore you get to the
thing where the other crash the lasers
the lasers say goodbye the lasers say
fuck you and your family and I never
much cared for you in the first place
and then you know cuz they're mean like
that I hate all of you oh wow nice nice
maneuver nice maneuver felt good about
that
look but how do you get out of that oh
well I guess you need to I'm just no I'm
just gonna wait until the laser trucks
are over like there's no there's no
winning the only winning move is not to
play Thank You Matthew Broderick there
we go okay you're taking your advice
from Ferris from wargames
ah that wasn't Matthew brought now
Matthew Broderick what did was the was
the monkey his ferris bueller bueller he
was the monkey movie guy he was also
wargames okay we're all yes so
everyone's right yeah we're all winners
yeah I have to take a hard right there
and OH
I mean I didn't die and that's what's
done what you fucking do it don't you
fucking do it I see it I see it's
already an option you got it jack you
got it beat the laser trucks oh good
work jack thank you
that's fine work Dan stop just watching
this yeah you take over there why are
you Harlequin that is that a character
is that a secret heart no no no that's
my username in general usually I do that
the story goes oh it's medieval world oh
ha ha ha that's great
we need a pendulum I love it hammers
tenderize yeah
the story goes how I got my meat
tangelos nickname her lack is my wife
Lisa her nickname in grade school was
horrible or Harley Quinn because they
named themselves after Batman people and
her and her group of friends and so
she's always been horrible to her group
of friends and I my name is obviously
Jack and when I signed up when we moved
in together right after we moved in
together was still the very early days
of email and I was unaware how email
works where everyone got their own email
address and I thought because we had a
house together we would have a house
email okay so I made an email just
Harlech that would be our house email
address oh wow yes that was back way
back way way back in the day and so my
me my old lady so and it just kind of
stuck you know then very soon after that
she was like no I get my own email my
own email blasts and I just got that one
because I've had pretty much the same
same main email address for years it's
been on different servers and stuff I've
got an unusual spelling so it
oh very close so Harlech I was
Brangelina before there was a Brangelina
yeah
before there was a Bennifer so what
would we be Richard yeah whoa good lion
the ancient times of 2003 right carats
yeah we could be carat carat Jew I like
carriage how does one truck himself so
far yeah you truck yourself simply by
playing the game you just go eastbound
and down loaded up and truckin on
sixteen tons of what do you get I love
that song oh they have the internet on
computers now Reisen oh really
I think rice is a little bit kitsch
evans carrot cake tour guide Nixon says
rich and Jack are you and the other guys
of aural I'm planning on going to be
fest again this coming year I've never
gone it sounds miserable I was planning
on that wrecking up from Virginia to go
this year lol lol Oh captain my captain
I I've only been to be fest once and I
loved and hated it which is everyone's
experience it'd be fast it's for anyone
who does not know B Fest is a movie
festival in at Northwestern University
in Evanston Chicago and it is 36 hours
of a bad movie straight right 20 or 24
where everybody feels required to sit
through all of them because they paid
for it yeah pretty much you know like
you know everyone tries to find a couple
hours here or there to sleep but it is
it is non-stop movies for 24 or 36 hours
I forget what it is and it's great it is
a great experience it's a fee
full of weirdos and everyone is pretty
sleep-deprived by the end of it and it's
it's a wacky wacky experience that's why
first make a forest and that was great
yes jyggalag it was great and it's great
and horrible I've only been the ones
yeah but uh I know Jay and Josh go often
I don't know you know I don't know if
there's ever really a plan besides like
the week before like hey are we going to
be fast let's make sure we don't have to
work the next day or well before pretty
much you know for Jay it's a business
expense so but it's great it's it's
great fun Oh nope yep land on the thingy
I don't get hurt by them easy leap
render Iser but it's super super fun for
anyone who can bear it pendulum yeah
be fest is great I think they like my
only my only issue of be fest is they
like they're really weird about
announcing what movies they are gonna
play and so like they're usually pretty
good Oh minding new and interesting
stuff but they also go through the
logistics of getting clearance to screen
stuff and so it's not like they can play
anything they want they have they get
permission and they do it legally god I
can't believe you do that that was great
rich I totally believe I did that
the chant says that you should buy a
second ability are you able to oh yeah
we what do we want levitate boost the
truck below the player hmm let's the
player do some man-sized horrible head
flips ice blizzard game says hijack and
rich haven't popped into one of these
since you guys played our game last
August but I've been working through the
YouTube channel thanks for introducing
me to FTL Eve no problem hey no problem
welcome back
ice blizzard iced lizard games actually
Oh Tiberius Kirk is actually applauding
you for that run
no that way get a negative really nice
what do we want
what are we wanting a super truck we got
epic mode trucks back to the turkey
freezes all trucks hmm what's is that a
grappling hook yeah that could be
awesome
I think a super truck what's super I
don't know I don't know do it super
truck you want grandpa though huh you
want grappling uh-oh what else we got
what are the other ones do super truck
teleports what's the most expensive one
that we can afford super truck then you
do it and fucking super truck confirm it
now you have to equip it there you go
shit already be a question you said that
last yeah you see it doesn't have a
border now it's kind of boring okay
great earnest
I ordered 16 Betamax tapes for rlm I
hope enough I hope enough work for a
good best of the worst thank you for the
awesome content and in corporates and
cop press and and cupressus does anyone
know what that means
and the Caprice I believe and Yuri
sisters we had the bed and and Caprice
this is when you shit the bed
oh and caprices my penis he says Ernest
Kahn their redness I'm embarrassed that
I know that why are they red now huh
because they're super trucks I don't
know what that did I actually liked it I
think it looks better that they're ready
I wanna vote infrared earlier maybe you
couldn't have read because that's for
super trucks but even wasn't easy man
oh wait if you land on a truck I think
it slows down time oh okay that's what
super truck say so admit let's you stop
and think about your movies which is
fake for rich Evans and caprices my
penis is what Ernest Khan said and
caprices which is like you know
inappropriately shitting yourself
nice all right
I don't like super truck so much it was
bad there it was bad there's some bad
times
skeletal new girls hey fellas got plans
for any spooky games to stream for the
month of October would also love to CJ
join in for the spooky if he's able to
thanks lol jingle my jangle well we
already did monster party which is very
Halloween what about um ghouls and
ghosts or goblins or the one used to
play on the Gamecube where the guy was
just running around in his own exim oh
yeah there was this a place - but who's
that that's kind of Halloween EP game it
was also the SNES version Super Ghouls
it goes oh yeah those those are
Halloweeny oh yeah and I think we should
I I always like playing spooky games and
I I'm still trying to get Jack to play
thief I think was appropriate I just got
done editing an episode so I know you
are I'm not that wasn't it wasn't a
harsh prison I'm just saying that's
actually not a bad Halloween yeah yeah
okay I also have a crap ton of spooky
board games which you know unfortunately
for board game streams that requires a
completely different set up in here and
for it's the first time I'm sorry and
it's so good the first time I got near
the end I think of this level yeah but
no Fritz has ever played Luisi
Luigi's Mansion no I haven't we played
it a little bit on stream i always liked
Luigi's Mansion but oh there's a new
Luigi's Mansion for the vs that we can
play can you port your DS out onto this
thing yes yes week I got a special des
with a video out oh wow
yeah just for occasions like this so we
can stream did somebody like solder that
into there a Japanese company sells them
and it took company it's like one place
is one person no it took it took I want
to say eight months that's how long it
took just to get it but worth it because
we've been able to play so many these
games on stream
Hey the idea was like not only for
stream but also for you know just a
regular episode it it streams both
screens yep yeah how does it handle the
ratio is this black bars along the side
sir
yeah and that's a little bit of a
problem is there's just black borrowers
all around it in the capture device or
in the capture window but you know still
look good
yeah the aspect ratio is just different
right right
be a little bit better if you turn your
TV sideways but oh my god is that a 3ds
I have these I have a 3ds XL the one
that's that's modified in such way yeah
how does it handle 3d games is
everything just a 2d on the TV yeah yeah
I can't I can't I can't like put it 3d
out it to your 3d television right that
would be in dears I mean and you know
what I never ever used the 3d anyway
okay I turn it on for some games just
just to like see what it looks like and
then if I play with the 3d on I just get
a horrible headache it's like because
the 3d it's almost like magic eye where
you have to like relax your eyes a
little bit when you're trying to like
look at a game it never works right I
never I never cared for it especially if
you're like a lot of people were one eye
is more nearsighted when I was more
farsighted or you know one eye is better
at focusing on more one eyes more pretty
OPIC or whatever right what no please
come on game it's weird that you can hit
the obstacles in this one well I hit
something there yeah well like you you I
know but I got a game over screen after
hitting something sure if this does look
a lot like superhot now you're right
super
Oh wonderful that's how I the red eye
and I wonder and you stop time I wonder
if that's a direct yeah wait is it
called super trucks supe and it the
thing said super trucks elaborate trucks
oh my god how did we
pick up on then Thank You Chat for being
smarter than us yeah Nintendo is king of
the gimmicks I'll get that
if you force the power glove the pad
they had so you know like it's not a bad
idea and if if you're gonna do 3d or if
3d is going to take off you need to find
out how to do it glasses lists and how
to do it where you could turn it off if
you want right right and so like they I
think they did a good job in figuring
out a way to do it that makes sense but
the again people have spoken and nobody
really wants it to your left to left
yep there's like a white arrow Wow
that's probably why the levels white now
too because it's super hot it's super
trucks well I hear Nintendo's gonna be
releasing games for mobile platforms now
they have announced their first one
which is a Super Mario endless runner it
nobody knows anything about it I hope
it's turning off super trucks I hope
it's more than just an endless runner
with with Mario is Mario sprite that's
kind of what it looks like but it's
hardly groundbreaking no I didn't start
from the top of that slice how about 3d
not taking up 3d has not taken off they
still have movies in 3d but it's not the
big selling point that it once was the
ticket sales haven't been amazing like
they thought they were going to be it
wasn't the next big thing wasn't the
next big thing neither was 60 frames a
second movies yes Viera has it really
been the next big thing since DVDs
tablets
well Netflix oh yeah
uh you know the next big thing was was a
lower quality easier to consume well
subscription service subscription
services people love them yeah oh for
sure
I'm doom because this but everybody'll
like you pay a flat fee whenever you
feel like at that moment right oh you're
right no effort movies wasn't 60 frames
a second it was 48 frames a second I I
get that confused with gaming the gaming
frames per second can your brain even
notice the difference at that point if
he doesn't like like animation like 24
or 30 or anything like 15 okay most
animation is like 15 frames a second
a lot of animation yes yeah oh yeah a
lot of people have say that it looks
actually cheaper because you can see
more detail is like 48 frames a second
looks worse it looks like video I have
no super strong feeling 4k is not that
big yet guys 4k has not made it
I don't want to get into a big thing
like with with VR or whatever but yeah
if it's your if it's your thing and you
can afford it by all means if it makes
you happy go for it
yeah no you know like a lot of these
streaming boxes like Roku just came out
with a bunch of very affordable 4k
streaming boxes streaming boxes are 4k
ready Netflix has some 4k content but I
don't think people people aren't buying
something because it has 4k 4k happens
to come along with a lot of things you
know there are people who love the
high-def stuff but a lot of people like
us grew up with crappy VHS copies and
taping songs on cassette off the radio
and even regular DVD it's pretty good by
that standard ooh I like geeky pop um I
haven't heard that much by him I I do
like that one song from the
Trainspotting soundtrack and I really
like the extra life yeah lust for life
whoo and I like search-and-destroy from
the Stooges everybody's gotta like
Search and Destroy and and here's ten
ultimate says 1080p is good enough so if
jacket row right no and if I'm wrong if
VR takes off and is the next huge thing
that's great that'll be great rich and
eyes only point about VR is it's not
there yet
1080p isn't even that even there yet
most YouTube videos just visually I'm
turning it off sure so you'll see what
else I'd like to see what these levels
look like yeah sure sure most YouTube
videos and you know the 100 million
zillion YouTube videos are watched every
day most videos are watched on mobile
devices yeah and if they're watching on
mobile devices that means they are
probably being watched at like 360p they
are like most people's video consumption
is not even what we consider to be
high-definition anymore and when you're
watching it on us and a 4-inch screen
you're not really gonna notice exactly
can people care more about quantity than
the new quality inconvenience ability
yes the ability to kill some time while
they're waiting in line at the checkout
right it's not easy so it's just one of
those things where I like 1080 is great
well what are you saving this run oh god
no I'm not see I don't know that we have
things that are at the point where I
mean yeah good good VR something might
be a leap ahead but it's like there
isn't that much improving left to do it
seems like I mean like me a DVD with big
thing shut up no but I mean like like
like HDTV was a real noticeable upgrade
over from from the old analog the people
were watching the deities absolutely
from 4 by 3 to 16 by 9 yeah huge upgrade
from from from what was that that was
was a 480 480 interlaced to 720p
yeah was a giant leap and the big leap
that we're gonna see come up soon is
actually it'll have less to do with
video quality than it does with the
quality of our rendering codecs do you
think we're gonna finally get past the
uncanny valley no no your future what
what I think is that what they're
developing what they're developing a lot
now for editors is ways to compress your
video more so it still looks very nice
but it's a lot smaller file like an mp3
kind of right right but like imagine an
mp3 where you're not losing quality
that's what video that's what like video
compressors are trying to do now so that
when you do stream something over
YouTube it can still look really nice
but it doesn't have to take up the
bandwidth yeah and that's like that to
me is the really exciting stuff is how
can I get the highest quality content to
the most amount of people and that that
matters massively not only to people
like doing streams like this but it also
matters to advertisers absolutely no
twitchplayspokemon that's right HDR high
dynamic range videos though those are
nice it's hot HDR footage is really nice
to look at I don't oh wow I don't think
that's a deal breaker or a deal maker
either I actually hear that's what the
nice thing about 4k footage is is it has
a higher dynamic range so colors pop
more there's more contrast don't blow
out as easily may be exactly right like
yeah the the brights can be a little
brighter the darks can be a little
darker in image it's not necessarily
about like pixel density it's about like
the overall color quality when I've
heard pricks hahahaha you get it now you
get the laser trucks in you've heard one
so I've heard that's the a real selling
point of 4k video and 4k TVs but but in
a way like next time I get something
it'll have that not I'm gonna run out
and get it exactly stuff
I have like I remember when
high-definition TVs first became
affordable everyone needed one oh for
sure I mean best that's why Best Buy and
all of them they were just rolling to
the money for a few years because
everybody wanted upgrade everybody
wanted a DVD player instead of that VHS
that they had to rewind and everybody
wanted a flat-screen TV absolutely and
they were real movement and and
customers spoke yeah and we're just not
seeing that with 4k people don't care no
we're blu-ray or blu-ray right
I mean blu-ray is is nice but it's not
like I'm gonna take I mean some people
will but I'm not gonna take all of my
VHS and replace them a blu-ray your DVDs
you mean yes that's it VHS yes you did
oh god let me green cheese I think
that's what we were saying about about
it bring too bright and blowing out the
detail
they want to know if the planket review
will be in VR and 4k it'll be both it'll
be you know it's because so it's coming
out tomorrow and the reason why it took
so long is because Mike had to
incorporate the VR 360 experience in 4k
which is that's a tough Loden it's gonna
be in smellivision you weren't supposed
to say that that was that was wrong of
you to say nobody ah everyone listening
Karin was not supposed to let out the
information that was in smell-a-vision
but you're scratch and sniff stickers
are in the mail so they're coming to you
and then it's one of those scratch one
at this point you can smell plink it's
cat it's it's actually a really unique
immersive experience but Karin wasn't
small the dead prostitutes yeah well no
one is cat two is the dead prostitute
three is the creamed corn four is the
creamed corn the creamed corn started to
turn five is just regular creamed corn
again there's a lot of creamed corn but
that was important to Mike that was
really important to buy it and to Mike
what the hell sorry chin says howdy guys
I hope the weather's good over there
it's kind of chilly yeah it's getting
that good chilly yeah where you can put
on a jacket it's supposed to it's
supposed to warm up a little next week
is it yes it's fall oh yeah it's
following Wisconsin so that means it's
cold it's very good sleeping weather
let's just kind of crack the window yes
our air conditioning in our bedroom just
doesn't seem to get it done as well as
does in the living room so we were kind
of like had the fan blowing on us we
were hot and now it's like you know you
can get a boy open the window and throw
on the comforter and and it's glorious
mm-hmm
Sarah Chen says she's kind of melting
over there have you guys been to a
convention that you actually enjoyed or
have they mostly just been mad I see
what she's talking about
Vanetta Convention as red-letter median
I think the only yes it's fine I don't
hate conventions you've been to the
comic convention a few times over the
years yeah it's flattering uh
that people be excited to meet you yeah
the Ren Faire feels like a convention
for every kind of Renaissance loving
furry every every kind of nerd out there
there's for the referees at the Ren
Faire they were dressed up as like like
furry animal monks and things Oh Fox
three musketeer yeah yeah monk or
something a model train convention
sounds pretty cool the what the Basel
Train can about you how they do nothing
to do with anything else have you been
to the most recent model train
conventions no I've never been to one
it's just sounds cool anonymous says any
video under 50 frames per second is very
annoying to a dog's brain please do not
take a dog to a movie theater birds need
more than 100 frames so if you can
please just let that birds fly free I
hear that that that dogs dogs couldn't
see the the frames
htm' from from AC television yeah
I have also heard that I don't know
where well they've got like better
reflexes than we do I mean there they
just process faster I've never been
bitten by a dog they've been so damn
fast it's faster than you could process
and this time it's lupus says hey Jack
rich and Karen just tuned in after
getting off work anyone else see this
and think the highway fight from the
matrix to love everything you guys do
love that yeah there's been more of the
highway from was the the Indian robot
movie called oh yeah yeah was it just
goes robot I think it's yep yep AKA
indian yeah reminds me of a cross with a
board game rush hour and Frogger no that
third one how do you feel about an
earthquake wrench
they said if you get bitten by a dog you
become Jack London White Fang yeah wild
I feel very good about this earthquake
you feel very good about it
sometimes oh shit
sometimes they can unintentionally help
yeah I'm awesome might help with this
game just for looking yeah what a load
one also just the ability to remap where
the jump button is on the controller I
thought I was dead would be I wasn't I
should be using a mouse for this but I
just think I've been doing this for so
long now yeah first I thought I was
mostly just gonna be going straight you
know right right right
that's terrible Speedwagon yeah it's no
fun being bitten by a dog
no latest time I got bitten by a dog I
was breaking up a dog fight
that's high-risk yeah and I just
happened to be there the dog started
going after and the two owners were
flipping out and like just didn't know
what to do and one dog was clearly
bigger and was going to win and so I got
in there dog chomped down on my hand and
then the only thing I could do so the
dog had my hand oh and the only thing I
could do was reach in with my other hand
and pull his teeth up so like my fingers
got it too
Oh button broke up the fight the little
dog made it which is very nice yeah girl
and I don't think the little dog would
have made it had I not intervened I
probably should not have intervened but
next time grab their back legs grab back
legs one of the dogs pull and
immediately let go well I had him I had
him by the scruff you have to growl I
had him by the scruff in collar Oh
figuring that if I grabbed him there he
couldn't turn around and bite me yeah he
could and so I just miscalculated it's
like one time I was I was like
house-sitting slash Pet Sitting for
somebody and their lizard got out it's
an iguana so I thought well this thing
has like the whippy tail and it's got
sharp teeth so I grabbed it kind of in
the scruff of its neck and it's toenails
just about the toenails sheet of course
she chose that picks that moment to come
home early and I'll be fine they only
got a couple small scars laughs I wasn't
too bad
survival of the fittest hey hey I I beat
it eventually I beat that dog eventually
he got a few good licks in but really at
any moment I could have killed him and I
didn't so you know yeah I don't know why
people are afraid of dogs
worse comes to worse you're a lot bigger
oh yeah what about like Bentley I mean
they're just sharper man they could
probably kill somebody
I got range yeah I can I can
literally I can kick his ass yeah yeah
well he wouldn't and you could throw
things but nothing he would attack
anything oh he's a docile giant but dud
you know well and it's like there are
some dogs like you know you get like a
trained German Shepherd there they're
probably gonna beat most people yeah
bullshit but I think it's just they're
sharp yeah and they can they can hurt I
think you know you can hurt them more
but they can hurt you more faster yes
they've just got reflexes yeah like like
a ninja
so like sure you could win in the end
but you're not coming out with two eyes
or all your fingers oh yeah yeah that's
the thing is like dogs can totally fuck
you up you can beat them in the end you
know mostly because we can operate
firearms they might not kill you but
you'll need stitches
over and it's hard to stop someone with
some of the very large braids it's it's
tough yeah or with multiple dogs or
would not like I would not want the fuck
I'll take it be in that fight plus I
like dogs I don't wanna oh oh oh that
was great whatever happened their words
make that happen again I can't I can't
all and bouncy trucks yeah Oh God also
tetanus yeah Oh dogs are good in the end
no cuz we can get a shot for tetanus
that's nothing your tennis takes weeks
yeah would be fine rich that's turtle
the wise I understand you are into metal
I'm not super into anything I'm a huge
music I've heard that you are a
metalhead and you love heavy metal and
well is great yeah he likes like ac/dc
so you love all of heavy metal what's
the question have you ever listened to a
Baroness of - I have not
oh sorry Baroness or tunes I have not
good stuff I'll take your word for it if
I have your song they like and I like it
I like it that's how I work with music
you know I hear songs I don't follow
I doubt I could have really followed a
band yeah gotta get the latest so -
album it's cool oh yeah that would be
more like me
yeah even ever sitting we've got to get
the latest so-and-so I know not even
Nirvana I wasn't under Nevada concur was
dead oh they only released a couple is
there for that for you also not to be
that guy but this game is kind of
difficult to watch could you retire it
shortly and then after that you're just
gonna watch blank screen right right
game room game child UK hi all
how is Madison Wisconsin probably cold
I'm not in Madison
we're in Milwaukee Madison is probably
approximately the same temperature yeah
maybe maybe a couple degrees cooler
currently a senior in college
UW Madison is one of the law schools I'm
applying to also did you watch the
Clinton Trump debate I am a Bernie bro
now leaning towards HR C which I assume
means Hillary Rodham Clinton but could
mean anything
I watched it was it was yeah
yeah very predictable not to get too
political but it they were both very
much themselves Oh Oh Karen very much in
character that is a very diplomatic way
of saying that because that you can take
all sorts of meetings from them I did I
had it on kind of just in the background
and I had it on as I was putting my kids
to bed and for them they just loved all
TV so they just saw like the TV was on
and they wanted to watch and said to
myself oh yeah yeah go ahead yeah watch
it too boring adults talking about
boring stuff and they watch it for like
a half an hour that companies it's
bedtime
yeah they liked it though they had some
in Toronto on again that's a good two
political they had some very interesting
thoughts about the debate fun or
interesting in Lester Holt's and they
were reacting to speaking styles they
were take more than the political issues
Lester Holt was crazy they weren't
saying daddy what about the
trans-pacific partnership whatever you
know it's gotta be so tough yeah it'd be
a moderator in that kind of situation no
I'm sure especially when you have two
strong personalities who aren't
necessarily you know I'm gonna shut up
when they're Turtles over there they
want to talk they want to finish their
opinion oh sure you tell him they got
ten seconds and they're like no no no
I'm going to speak for as long as I'm
allowed to yeah I know it was kind of a
big deal like Lester Holt before the
debate said that he was not going to
fact-check which was kind of a big deal
and I know a lot of people were making
fun of him for that but I like I agree
like that's not his job as a monitor he
was too busy he's too busy his job is to
moderate he can't do both at the same
time exactly he has to just allocate
time that's all he has therefore that
about a stipulation of the debate one
could then I went out of his hands even
the fact-checking
well there was plenty of fact-checking
going on oh you could in fact I was
running of NPR you know um The New
Yorker oh ok but but they were multiple
or CN n I think was into New Yorkers
doing it oh yeah multiple like
and NPR had a great like they were they
were just typing out the transcripts as
they were talking and then fact-checking
as they go on it was great
but I mean I thought he did a fine job
he he did a foam or so he did a fine job
when they were trying to deflect his
question yeah they would say you know he
would kind of no no we need an answer to
this one thing that I asked
well would he be doing the next one
moderating it I have no idea oh there's
only two more well isn't there a vice
presidential vice presidents or one all
right I'm in max means I can't do
anything for the next minute and that
should be interesting because I you know
I mean you know maybe I should pay more
attention I don't know but I haven't
ever really seen these other two people
speak before or I'm not that familiar
with their personalities or I loved the
the debates when it was Joe Biden versus
Paul Ryan last year I thought those were
some fine debates yeah pence and I can't
think of his name right name Tim Kaine
they both have very generic all-american
sounding name though aren't they aren't
weird names so they're not memorable
middle-aged white guy or generic
middle-aged white guy yeah I mean I'm
sure they have different opinions and
different stuff but but yeah they both
have you know like James Bond they both
have like James Bond the name was picked
as a cane yeah is that James Bond
originally was picked as a because it
was an everyman name and they both have
everyman names which is why they're hard
to remember yeah her name was Spiro
Agnew I would remember uncommon name at
least in this country in Greece it might
be every other person the character of
Bond was supposed to seem like very
average oh yeah it was the original
intent average guy but really a secret
agent going on adventures the really
exact areas like
Smith is he that way in the books I
haven't read many of the original books
and I don't know how long that even
lasted in the books and I love is the
original conception I've heard oh sure
that's interesting there's a man who's
alive from danger to everyone he meets
he stays a stranger of the candidates
mud-wrestle hi I could get behind that
that might be interesting and reminds me
of that remember the MTV thing where
they would have like famous people
yeah with the clay oh yeah no the bond
was was definitely a drinker the posh
shit it's fine everything's gonna be
fine maybe or maybe it won't be it's
it's all fine everything will be fine or
it won't and we'll find out see about is
the author of a book sitting on the
coffee table of the writer of James Bond
so he in in Macao climbing Ian Fleming
Fleming yeah Ian McKellen is the actor
yeah um so Ian Fleming had a book
written by a James Bond on his coffee
table
I think that's what they're saying wait
a fucking wait fuck oh but you know what
games house Madison is a fine City lots
of good stuff to do
sure it's it's also like great use book
stars it's it's that double-edged sword
Madison of a college town where it means
like they have a lot of bookstores
restaurants but then a lot of drunk
college kids yeah so ups and downs
anonymous said punk rock tried to
destroy the metal but metal was too
strong techno tried to defile the metal
but techno was proven wrong no one can
destroy it the metal only that is a
tenacious these nations do yes metal is
such a broad word though it's like yeah
a lot of things that a lot of errors
could be called metal
yes and I'm okay with that
you know what else tried to destroy
metal new metal he'll remember new metal
EU let's all be happy that new metal
didn't destroy metal because it came
close it came the closest to destroying
metal because it had the work of metal
in it yes nice one rich nice we saw was
a Tesla and DEF LEPPARD
and sticks and concert oh my fuck
last summer Melanie a nice look yeah is
that the name of a band yeah oh
named after Nikola Tesla well I assumed
but no I've just never heard of that
band before am I gonna have to climb no
not know Tesla art no they're from like
the 80s or something I don't know that
there is my profile is the other two
they're right nice corn did have one
good song at least oh sure like you know
maybe even two corn if it was just corn
they had some interesting stuff but he's
corn even new metal maybe what's new
metal that wasn't a monsters of State
Fair tour I mean they may have played
this was just at the world in Tinley
water for the tweeter center or the
something Bank amphitheater or something
whether they've renamed that thing this
time sound like fine you can make it you
can make it that's gotta be a high score
right
that has to be let's see that has to be
someone made it in seven seven four five
seconds it's probably a powerup oh sure
what's wrong with drunk college girls
nothing if you're a drunk college boy
there is yeah when when I was in college
nothing was wrong with drunk college
women but now that I'm an adult and have
shit to do I have no time plus all that
oh god he gives you a head again where
where where where where oh shit
Oh backwards that's right I think I was
pushed by a truck mm-hmm ambient music I
like a little orb now and then and some
orbital honestly I mean now that I've
got seed like I've got streaming music
I've got Google Play which means I can
in theory listen to everything but I
often listen to nothing I mean I used to
be like it used to be like CDs were like
something to find something to discover
and now I've got the whole world at my
fingertips and I just elect it all yeah
I mean that's like that's why I like
video game soundtracks so much is
because it's stuff I can listen to while
editing just kind of background music
that keeps me motivated that that keeps
me interested jump
that's fun I like James I haven't
listened to a whole lot of jazz so I
don't feel qualified to really say I
don't think I've had a wide enough
sampling I'm I'm not very into that soft
jazz that put you to sleep but you're
not into like Kenny G no but like cannon
Cannonball Adderley that that soundtrack
that they had that one song on the wolf
of wallstreet thing mm-hmm
that was Mercy Mercy Mercy I don't their
version of it that was good stuff though
and I think that qualifies is jazz yeah
and that phil collins i mean i know a
lot of people like Phil Collins a lot of
people like easy listening that that
that soothing light rock lots of people
love it well not my thing for the most
yeah you know what I think I would like
jazz I think I would like to like put on
some jazz while I work I'm terrified of
jazz there's too much of it and you just
know like you're gonna find that like
one jazz album that sucks and then
you're gonna say jazz sucks yeah and
then a million people are gonna you know
listening to the right Jess yeah I'm so
terrified of not listening to the right
jazz that I just say fuck it I'm not
listening to jazz it's it's a lot like
why I haven't seen there's a movie that
I know I should room another room yes
the room well I haven't seen the room
but that's not what I'm talking about
you should see the room I look still I
don't have to be the only one who
suffered through what we have there was
a movie I know I should see but they
there were so many like directors cuts
and studio cuts in this cut and Pulp
Fiction I never knew which enough Pulp
Fiction I never knew which version to
see so I just said fucking I guess I'm
Winston's movie Natural Born Killers
had a lot of cuts a lot of directors
constants okay Evil Dead 2 army of
Darkness it was it was a Africa
something that Blade Runner Steve Blade
Runner I like Blade Runner gods must be
crazy
so I say Africa is in the title but that
doesn't sound right
the one with Eddie Murphy sure know
Brazil Thank You Baloo nuts
balloon nuts thinks of it I have not
seen Brazil because and I that I know I
would like it I've heard I would like it
but which one should you start with but
right like I know there was like turmoil
when it came out and there's a studio
kind of director's cut in an ultimate
director's cut and I just knew that I
wasn't you know like I was so afraid of
not watching the right one that I just
haven't seen
any of them goes to camp I saw that
actually why at summer camp because they
were trying to quote-unquote reward us
for having the neatest cabin it was like
10 say hey listen someone knew where my
mind was going when I said something
Africa they knew that was Brazil and
thank you for that who still has some
things to do a lot of Brazilian people
are you descended from from people from
Africa you know that movie with foreign
country in the title
Terry had the final coming to America
that's movie I was trying to think
coming to America I've seen over and
over again and love I got stupid I'm
greedy and would just say stupid Africa
Brazil what's the difference right
what's wrong with the Ernest movies they
tend to be cheesy and predictable but
uh-huh a lot of people like us so what's
the problem
hey it could be worse I got maca me as a
reward in school as a reward I remember
what the occasion was we watched that in
school some big assembly oh yeah we
watched fuckin Mac and me it was awful
we had Richard Simmons come to our
school and assembly no shit
really really and I thought you know
maybe I'm remembering that wrong or
something but at my high school reunion
some guy had pictures and I was like
yeah it really was there that's so
strange
yeah I remember thinking he was weird of
course he's weird enough this is it
we're tight for growing up he made a
career out of being weird
Oh huge back in me I wish I had the
laser levels you got some fundamental
Christian movies reward the school
apologized I was a public school that
might be awkward yeah yep
I'm think I've seen every Ernest movie
wasn't basically like any movie though
an improvement on regular studies I mean
I if they said we were gonna watch like
like a movie version of the Toyota
owners manual for the further you know
we would be like yeah movie right yeah
not school I think Richard Simmons is
still alive yeah I believe he is yeah
just a few years ago any what it's some
kind of hell scarier to ago exactly what
was wrong with him
but yeah I think it's fucking on well
that's like totally treatable now though
I don't think I don't think very many
people die of that anymore thank
goodness I mean not that it what did he
have no no what did he have no problem
oh yeah
will we be doing pictionary again
sometime soon I don't know I dude I
liked those pictionary streams though
those were great Jack and Rich have you
ever gone through the new releases on
Steam and be depressed at how awful
looking many of the games are yeah play
it all again I'm serious
nobody ever just look through I do that
sometimes
well I'm never depressed because there's
so many good older games to play I'm I'm
often confused like what is this game
I've never heard anything about it you
know it's just there's so many new games
and so many of them have like anime
characters on the cover art and so it
just becomes one of those like what is
this game and why oh fuck oh that's
close
I hate this I hate this falling and
turning shit
this is probably the mouse what really
yeah good good leg also what's this
stupid it what also whose stupid idea
wasn't for Microsoft and Sony to do 4k
gaming when they can barely do 1080p 60
frames a second on all their games their
marketers there desperately desperately
trying to to catch up to the PC gaming
market and it just it's not gonna work
it'll be very very interesting to see
the the sales number for the 4k Xbox one
and ps4 is very very interesting does
that matter to people as much as
playability I don't think so
but that's that's Sony's and Microsoft's
next big move I'm frequently surprised
by what matters to people oh you fucking
shut up bouncy truck when I got it but
one time I make the fucking jump you got
the goddamn bouncy truck on fuck you all
we'll see we'll see how the sales
numbers do it'll be it'll be very very
interesting as someone who genuinely
believes that 4k isn't a big thing we'll
see but I think they're right like a lot
of a lot of console games are still
capped at 30 frames a second yet they
think that they can upscale the for okay
I have whatever whatever
bouncy truck the concept and execution
matter a lot more to me but you know I
mean I guess you've got a something to
put on the package if it's 4k exactly
have you been waiting to buy a
Playstation 4 now in for PlayStation 4 K
and I know there there is a subset of
the population who just is very big on
high resolution stuff sure sure I mean
we'll see you know like there's audio
files and there's wine connoisseurs and
there always gonna be people with
rarified tastes and anything but the
question is whether or not the the
market as a whole it was gonna spring
for it right again it's not fucking fair
only times we're gonna do that Oh
trouble at the UPS Depot
like you know to me a lot of you know
especially now that I have my nice new
computer it the consoles almost seems
silly yep
well the consoles are a relatively
bargain buy-in yes exactly and that's
the thing but oh but now they've you
know that once again oh my goodness in
drugs you know they're trying to bypass
the next console generation by just
slightly upgrading their consoles that's
such a horrible idea which is a horrible
idea
I can only imagine for anyone who has a
PlayStation 4 like Phil ripped off its
gonna feel super ripped off like I
bought this couple years ago they're
supposed to be last me you know half a
decade yeah oh no but don't worry you
knew the new games will still play in
the old system then what's the fucking
point of the new system only 20% cooler
but but you know on on the PC side there
is still there's there's a monetary gate
mm-hmm and for those you know like who
wants to do custom everything and build
their own there there is a there's a
technical gate to it you know the the
idea of something like a steam box is
still a really good idea I just you know
yeah well like you know computer peter
games are great for someone like you
were rich but they're not so good with a
parent who has a kid who wants to play
the games it has no idea how to build
him or her a computer i I think I think
the steam box have been wise to have a
more unified Hardware oh yeah the fact
that there are 80 different versions
that all had they don't all run the same
games no they have different specs so
we're gonna run different games better
or some games will run on this that
won't run that one it was a dumb idea
the the different hardware was a dumb
idea
oh yeah different hardware was that was
a dumb idea having having an operating
you know shipping with steam OS as an
operating system was a dumb idea no I
that's the one I want to get rid of
Windows yeah but not every you know then
you then you lose your library because
not every game runs on Linux well that's
that's the hurdle that's the major
hurdle you gotta find some kind of way
to get all the fucking old shit
that worked on Windows to work on your
Linux steam box let's you need you need
you know your steam box need that you
need to have some kind of built-in wine
Windows emulator that runs 90% of the
older window games and then once you get
some kind of foothold with your steam
box that's got fucking unified hardware
because if you're you're basically
selling a computer console that's really
the smart way to go absolutely well use
the people buying it don't have to worry
about the complicated stuff like we'll
thrown that keep it simple for the for
the market you're trying to expand and
do yeah you have steam OS you have as
many windows games emulator as you can
then once that's established newer PC
games they're gonna
be Linux compatible because they know
there's a steam box market and then you
just phase windows out out of the gaming
this yeah fucking hundred bucks for what
for Windows 10 Windows is getting to be
like Facebook where it's like we don't
care what you want look at this there
are advertisements in your Start menu
that that's unacceptable as far as I'm
concerned so what rich wants is like a
unified Universal I want I want baby's
first PC yeah you know you're not big
you're not looking for something that's
gonna fix all of your old 8-bit games
and 16-bit games and all the PlayStation
4 games and this oh fuck you oh I'm
sorry
did you want some laser trucks oh my god
no like with laser trucks like on these
later levels
now we're borderlining impossible
it's like it's like a rave in hell the
laser trucks everyone make sure to take
your ecstasy open oh good it's like a
rave on the damn rain at rush hour
during construction season they don't
know what they don't all know at the Dan
Ryan is it's like a rave on the busiest
expressway in Chicago during rush hour
when its construction season well no Dan
Ryan construction it was a nightmare I
remember one day they sent me out to
Evanston for work and it took me well
over an hour to get from downtown to the
site to Saks Park so we're talking about
from like more than zero to like 35 so I
mean I could have walked it faster
my favorite is when you land on the
windshield yeah of the truck just
because it looks ridiculous this game is
starting to lose it it's all rich
yeah we've been going for a while I want
you to beat this level and then we can
talk about losing it for real I think
you can beat this level
no not Evanston to Sox park from
downtown to Sox park but yeah it was
from Evans Evanston to the south suburbs
was the whole trip but the part that was
just downtown to US Cellular Field yeah
Evanston to get off at 127th and head
out a little south from there I haven't
sinned to get off that 167th off to 94
127
your laser trucks you can't have your
lazy doggy thank you thank you
nice one you're going again yeah I hear
California's horrible to drive Milwaukee
is much better though
yeah Milwaukee we have like times for
traffic yeah la Los Angeles is is an
enigma there's just constant traffic at
all hours and I suspect New York is
probably the same although some of those
people take the Express or the trains
and stuff and oh yeah you know a New
York yeah traffic is mood because they
have public transportation everywhere
and in LA and like the buses are a joke
well that's true not all California just
say yeah I realize like Northern
California is like totally different
Karen reveal thyself it is ID Karen is
speaking to us from beyond the webcam
spooked over starting early whoo they
said we need to do a rendition of you're
the one I want for Greece fortunately I
don't know all the lyrics I got Jesus
they're multiplying even far easier
follow this power you're providing its
extra fire well you better shape up
boo-boo
cuz I need a man you've seen this a few
times and my heart is set on you you
better shape up you better understand
something something similar this is true
this is true
you don't wanna that one you are the one
i want honey yeah I've seen it a few
that one
for many years I was a wedding DJ and
popular they love the fuckin grease
megamix at weddings or they did a ship
they did Elly's tell me I don't know the
lyrics to that song all of them like
there there was like a grease megamix
thing yeah and then like that would cut
into greased lightnin and that would cut
into summer lovin everyone knows summer
lovin having a blast I know I don't know
if I do I might summer love her
summer lovin it so fast better girl
crazy for me met a boy Candace can be
summer days drifted away
oh one it wonder and live on the
royalties forever oh well oh well oh
well tell me more tell me more did you
get very far
tell me more tell me more like did he
have a jack was high on olives when I
was when I was high on coconuts Oh set
bail you're right I am you know I got
grease that's what I got I got grease
isomorphic Taurus wants to know I said
more horse wants to know why they were
born with ears well you know you want a
couple of options did you pour hot wax
into them you could stick an ice pick
and them I mean it's never too late to
remedy that issue I've had one beer
tonight so it's not the beer drunk it's
my love of Greece I actually have no
love of Greece I think it's a really bad
movie and musical and I think it's like
super dated and I never much cared for
it but you just hear those songs and
they get they get in your brain yeah
it's it's you know we make another good
essential earworms
well no no but I it's in my brain
because I've heard it so many times not
because it's a good music alright but
it's but it's an earworm kind of a - did
it today what was my favorite song to
play at a wedding
my favorite mix as a DJ I would play the
what is it called there's like the song
that the Bulls used for their entrance
music dududududu Gary Glitter's rock and
roll part they won it was something
children I want to say like it was like
yeah like rich said it was like very
ambient he liked to do good thing good
thing yes so you get this background
music going and then you start princes
let's go crazy you know where he's gonna
do a beloved we are gathered here today
and it's just like it's just prints
being prints and sang weird shit and
then you know let's get crazy start so
you pull out the children something
right and then let's gets crazy goes
love it it's a great song and let's get
crazy ends with that like wicked ass
guitar solo and nothing else just a
guitar solo right as the guitar solo
kicks off you play Billie Jean so like
and like the beat for Billie Jean kinda
mixes with the sweet ass guitar solo of
let's go crazy
definitely mashups it was so that was my
favorite mix as a DJ and people you know
like I would play that mix for
everyone's waiting and someone was like
that was a killer fucking mix and I was
like I did that just for you just for
you that give you something to eat that
is an olive swimming in cocoa give me
some really for real food give me some
real food or on bringing out the Kenny G
yeah play all the prince
at your wedding that's basically I was
talking about the Chicago that was the
song they played for the Chicago Bulls
when they were introducing players
does someone know and like I this is
like also probably just what they
introduced like a ton of players as for
a lot of sports type events but whoa
but out
maybe yet maybe Alan Parsons maybe could
be on partisans CI is the sky looking at
you like I said I want to say no nah hey
hey that's steam that's kissed the boy
goodbye or whatever bye Steve I think it
was like I think it had children in the
title it had like the word children in
the title the chat said it five times is
Alan Parsons serious Oh serious that
sounds right
serous hold on Sara's are serious
I think it's serious like dogs
I'm not typing I'm not oh god this is
just not fair no no Ellen Ellen Parsons
Project eye in the sky oh we're gonna
see if this is it
they said it's called I hope somebody
said it's called iRobot hold on we need
to watch a commercial about moderate to
severe plaque psoriasis first before we
can see if this is the right song I won
the genetic lottery on that one I don't
have the particular condition yes orange
free cat just like like Brazil had
Africa in the title jack often gets his
wires crossed
that's just what happens sometimes I
don't have a good brain but that's okay
oh I can spit this out
oh this sounds promising that's up this
is it Alan Parsons Project serious that
is it that's it oh god we have to turn
it off now make it stop make it stop
before we get sued and so that you start
with that and people don't really know
what's going on but you let that go for
like you know 20 30 seconds and why does
it sound so different well I have a cold
they start with that then as that plays
you start you start princes let's go
crazy daily beloved we are gathered here
today to celebrate this thing called
life because he's Prince and he can do
whatever he wants or he could you could
r.i.p it reminds me of over here the
ministry psalm 69 congregations please
turn your hymnals to the book of
Revelation Psalm 69 it's like 69-64 kind
of weird TT techno bouncy throats here
it means we just sit here and do nothing
for a few minutes to get through this
thing is that what it was called this
thing called love or I've you know
praise a little thing called Bob fun
whoa fucker
I have a Purple Rain karaoke laserdisc
oh nice I've heard some great covers of
Purple Rain Prince is just the fucking
best at everything even in death prince
is the best at everything he's the best
dead guy oh he's the best thing he's
killing it at being dead as far as as
far as well thank you Jack the crazy
11:00
I no longer wedding BJ but I did have a
good time while doing that it was it was
a great job it was a great job that I
just needed to stop doing because it was
every weekend you know it was every it
was working every single weekend and
that's apparently when other people like
do stuff like during the weekends I
spent too many years in retail I really
don't not familiar with that concept in
fact my new position will involve
working in both Saturdays and Sundays
but he originally wanted me to work
nights so could be worse yes see work
I'll see rich this way what fellow
there's a boulder behind you oh I
couldn't spend every weekend watching
other people be happy it was sickening
me yeah that was part of it and dealing
with a lot of drunk people I'm sure well
dealing with drunk people dealing
weddings weddings are fucked up man and
you know weddings cost a lot of money
and you have to deal with people who
have already spent like way too much
money then they're drunk and then
they're like unhappy because their day
isn't turning out how they saw it in the
magazine bridezilla
and you're just fucking there to play
music you know like I'm not I'm not here
for that
yeah it's not my fault your florist gave
you chrysanthemums instead of carnation
exactly I play the music and I make sure
that you were on the day
for when you throw the thing you have to
throw that's my job can you you know
when they play the slow music when you
have to hold your fiance up exactly
exactly and there's like the deejay has
a lot of bride and groom and bride a
party language you know like we got okay
we have to wrangle everyone for the
introduction of course they're off
taking pictures they can't be wrangled
so then you have to take them away from
their photographer who they also paid a
lot of money for and their photographer
isn't happening because they need to
take the pictures so they take them away
from you it's it's it's restful work I
have a friend who's a photographer she's
she gets to wrangle a lot to write and
it's like it's it's a big stressful day
and you're just part of the stress and
it was fine when I was a teenager but
I am still I'm still very critical of
wedding BJ's when I go to weddings now
pay attention to what the DJ does that
was I mean I can't believe that too slow
songs in a row come on sometimes too
slow songs works slow songs bring people
to the dance floor and sometimes the
first slow song doesn't work it doesn't
do it because like people have to go get
drinks okay they're gonna use this slow
song and go your drink the second slow
song man has got to be big comedy they
need to have a video game about this
like like a red wedding DJ tycoon or
something or you have to like balance
the right kind of music to make all your
little people do the right shit the more
people on the dance floor
yeah the better yeah Plus do you know
they have to have little happy hearts
over their heads of course of course
Rich's wedding at the Walmart near the
blood-pressure machine with some with
some rather confused old woman confused
and/or offended old woman as a witness
well what a most critical of his song
choice and you know placement of the
song and you know like it was something
that's very popular now at weddings is
is clumping all of the special dances
right at the beginning of the evening
like yeah if the the father-daughter
mother-son dance they have the the
bouquet toss and garter toss and then
those two people dance they have the
bride and groom's first dance they had
like they have all these special dances
the down-low dance and what I've seen a
lot of modern weddings is them just like
clumping all that shit the very first
four people start to leave right and
then you know what the photographer can
take all the pictures and then the rest
of the night we can just dance which in
theory is smart but then they're not
pacing themselves like those dances
exists so people can take a break so
they can get drinks refreshed so we can
continue to
we can continue to what he call it
admire the bride the bride no one cares
about the girl tick and so like it's a
neck it's another excuse to get people
to look at the bride which is the whole
purpose of the wedding and so I don't
like it with it like alright now we're
gonna do the mother gonna dance a little
here oh yeah this one now the father's
out of Angela now that I'm that grandma
needs a dance that dance and then you
know twenty minutes goes by and
everyone's born so and then everybody
leaves to go pee and the photographer's
ticked off
what do you mean the the maid of honor
isn't in the Tosti thing no and you know
most people aren't doing the dollar
dance anymore I don't know what that is
dollar dance was a pretty popular thing
where you had to pay a dollar to dance
with either the bride or groom oh okay
those up moneymaker for the money but I
think you know like hey you know young
couples start off on their own you know
you know it's more just one of those
community there may be some short dance
is that a lot of them to make up the
outlay for they know yeah you know you
get like 20 seconds and you can and you
get to talk to them and say yeah great
it's not something most people do
anymore but it'll go faster grabs a
Byron's but yeah so my cousin's wife did
the dollar dance they pinned the money
on her dress what that's crazy yeah that
seems sort of I mean then the dress is a
very expensive thing we would always
have the the maid of honor and the best
man hold a jug or you know hold like a
pair and then they were they were also
crying ever do like any Jewish weddings
when I got like the chairs and furniture
oh yeah yeah hava nagila all up in it I
am just about done okay
don't try to beat this level or yeah
we'll see we'll see or you don't care
that much I don't care that much about
this level I cared about the
a few get through that world yeah now I
want to see what this world worst life
but I'm about done
you're on Iran world you're gonna play
another game after that know what time
it is late it's almost uh it's 10:30 oh
it's late ish that's like some kind of
Japanese mall or something
any money is some old-school Mexican
thing might be I'm sure like you know
it's it's all fine like I get it you
know like it's about the community
coming together for the young probably
poor couple because when everyone's
young everybody's poor did they do did
you ever do like a quinceanera
I never date a quinceanera all right I'm
done I did a few bar mitzvahs did a few
school dances I'm trying to think of
like the weirdest event that I've done
school dances you have to like carefully
curate your music to make sure nothing
is parental advisory yeah listen this
yeah that was weird
the Bar Mitzvah was weird those are
young kids those are young kids and like
nobody really cares about dancing and
I'm not Jewish so I just I was just like
the kids just they can I get some money
exactly and this is fine so I get some
money and in in theory I've grown up now
but come on everybody knows I'm still 13
so or 12 if the girl knows wait they're
12 where's the 12 for the boys and 13
for the girls I'm not Jewish I think I
got it backwards the weirdest thing that
happened at wedding mostly it's a lot of
puking on the dance floor which is never
fun that was that was the usual thing
I'm trying to think of anything like Wow
one that I did the groom got caught with
the maid of honor in the bathroom at the
wedding at the reception Wow
they had just Sun you know said their
vows ad Thursday be the way today
he couldn't even wait a day wow that's
insane
yeah right you think you could wait
until I don't know the day after your
wedding a lot a lot of June weddings day
before get it out of the way or the day
and yeah oh so one of the weirder things
and like I know this is common but I did
a couple weddings where they were young
like I did a couple of weddings where
they were like 17 18 hmm and then you're
just you just kind of feel weird yeah
he's no they're gonna get a divorce in a
few years right they'll be fine this is
if you're not old enough to drink at
your wedding
probably somebody's pregnant and parents
are pressuring right yeah yeah so so
like just a couple of weird weddings the
strangest ones were when like no one was
on the dance floor
and a lot of people would leave early
and a lot of times I'm gonna say 60% of
the time the room would be empty like
you know we played till midnight
8:00 till midnight was was the deejay
thing and a lot of times the room would
be cleared by like 10:00 yeah
they let you go home earlier no no we
have plans and so you know what would
have we talked to the bridegroom and you
know like a lot of times they'd be their
family and they just say just play
background music and we're gonna be at
the bar and drink and that's what we do
just play the same music just lightly
and hmm coconut loves it but it was just
sad we're like weird yeah where's all
the people you know this is a party well
we don't know that many people it would
be one too much of a fire we're gonna
have a small low-key affair but then you
have a small low-key
thing now like a big reception with the
way so anyway let's do the thing where
we thank all the subscribers serious
Ellen Parsons project I need to remember
that serious into let's go crazy into
Billie Jean
no way I'm a smooth criminal yeah well
fuck that up Billie Jean is do do do
more than the beauty queen of a movie
scene James man a fantasy
have you seen the literal version or
whatever it is the video where they lure
so what's going on yeah oh
lyrics are kind of narrating the video
I'm not going to stop singing I will not
stop singing and you can't make me stop
sing well you could mute you could mute
you can't make him stop singing but you
can make you stop hearing that's true
the way you want to go this is the truth
of the matter okay here is the point of
the show in which we thank all the
people who subscribe to us during the
stream much like TC LP nine nine nine
four twenty four fucking months in a row
TC LP nine nine 9's does anyone know
when a pizza roll expires mine's two
years old and is still Karen doesn't
know what's going on even though you
just explained I just explain what's
going on these are all the people why do
you want to read some of these sure all
right
Karen's gonna read some of these MCOs
neck 15 months boom am I supposed to put
profanity in there it's vanity over 20
okay Filippo subscribes to hack frauds
says thanks guys for all the hours of
mindless entertainment keep it up
collecting data 20 19 months they don't
get a fucking if it's over a year
we say how many my how many months okay
if it's over 20 we say fucking all these
weird arbitrary we have we have strange
rules drew j'en georgian says we need
don wilson owner of Minnesota's largest
truck Depot
this is everyday fan do master
welcome Hertz Ben Z herrmann herrmann Z
good trucks good night good night Harman
finem on the off switch I was 1984 / s
16 months sir
argan noble gas so sir argon noble gas
says fork my cork sausage toes 21
fucking months is a hot dog a sandwich
yes I believe it is no no not if the bun
isn't cut all the way a sandwich is
between two slices of bread a hotdog is
a piece of meat wrapped in one piece of
bread no because it is not a sandwich
submarine is a wrap some hotdog is a
race and witches can have seven
sandwiches just have a hotdog is no a
wrap is a full whole different kind of
bread that fully envelops the thing
you've any any any sub sandwich place
that doesn't cut all the way through is
doing it weird you are your hotdog is a
wrap no wrap is a flexible thin tortilla
like how much do you think a hot dog is
hotdog hotdog bun it does not so really
it does not fully envelop the hotdog in
every way to wrap and annobón is is you
can bunt bend a wrap in the direction
other than around and it's floppy hi hi
a pea you try running try I'm gonna have
you done a hotdog a decent amount
yes but it's gonna break in half go then
it is a wrap get out of town so yeah you
go Alice Lee try to say that a hotdog is
a taco a hotdog is a sandwich a hotdog
is it's a it's a it's a piece of meat in
between bread it's a sandwich we're
gonna bring it back to this you think
you can copy the two pieces or hotdog
bun we're gonna get you could pull the
two pieces of a hot dog bun completely
apart we are gonna get back to this
we're gonna get that's just a broken hot
dog bun space camo 25 fucking months in
a row van Drance sausage toes 2000 did
we say yes we did oh shit
mr. creepy and red star 2 1 1 2 thank
you for subscribing we really every year
it's true really do we it's true I
really do Oh
PDA no no with it yeah
