Episode 646
The J's (part 1)
October 22, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S-5vDSw5TH8
___________________________________________

and I'm just a little camera and that's
not corner help what I'm just a little
camera in the top corner is that all my
shirts dark I thought I was that's the
laptop
it looks like I'm I thought it was cut
off oh no you're there though I see that
that's part of shiny no I thought that
was just I thought I was a tiny whitish
window no I think you had like the
second camera on in a preparation oh no
no they don't know yet they don't know
yet about any sort of preference well
there might be nothing there could be
nothing did you start I didn't know
there I want to go to options and I'm
really hoping there's controller support
hi everybody welcome welcome
it's dustforce whatever the fuck that is
we what fuck is this shit I was
expecting theif one you fucks jack has
not started playing thief one yet I'm
sorry
I'm very sorry uh-huh he doesn't want to
he's been busy I and I just don't want
to I think that's true I don't believe
that's true I'm not I do I mean I do
believe that you've been busy yeah but I
also believe that you don't really want
to here's here's my here's a problem of
mine yeah and this is not just about why
are you showing up in OBS now oh there
you go this is not just a problem for a
thief it's a problem for anything if
someone like pushes me and Des Moines
something yeah I understand they're not
expecting you to love it anyway well if
some pushes me into anything I just want
to be able to have a conversation with
you about it that's all this doesn't
have controller support rich
doesn't have controller support it does
not have controller support that's
interesting that's really upsetting hold
on let's let me just double check here
no that looks like uh that looks like a
controller are you using the analog
stick and not the d-pad oh my
this doesn't have controllers of hearts
I hate it when things don't have
controller support so to sweep just run
over so this is dust force Z to jump
this is such a controller game this is
such a controller game rich if someone
finds out that this does have controller
support how can this not have controller
support that's a great question that's
why I actually I restarted the game just
to make sure like it read the controller
wait some leaves use - by pressing
control this this this game needs a
controller yeah
I'm not I'm not inherently anti
controller some things I don't want to
use a controller some things they do
yeah this is something I would want to
use a controller on yeah
we're playing this game because it's
quite possible that that uh in a little
bit we're going to have some some guests
consequence possibly they're under no
obligation just to join us there are
under no obligation to join us but it's
quite possible and so we wanted to play
something that would you know be a
little mindless and this looked like
just we could use joy to ki but that
would take some time setting up they say
there is controller support okay hold on
let me just get through is there
something in the yeah I get through this
level here
because yeah this is a game where you'd
like to you would like to think there's
controller support also this is the
music that the deficit if a god damn it
I love you people but you say too many
things I can't read the message that
comes up for the thing we need to read
why isn't why can't I click on things is
your is this touchpad broke it's not
doing the things I'm clicking and it's
not doing things I can't get up to read
the message about how to get the
controller working because this is a
fucking touchpad and those are those are
satanic well your laptop's your mouse
isn't on the is it on the arrow I'm
clicking on the bar you should be able
to click on the bar let's chat he's just
ok well I did have it here one let's
double check the controller is the other
end plugged in yeah hold on maybe I just
didn't uh wait rich I got this wait
don't don't unplug it don't here we go
so we now we now that I restarted we
need to manually reassign all of them ok
ok so jump obviously a white huh I think
I know what any of this shit does - this
what do you have for - cuz I might play
trigger trigger for - red
taunt that's gonna be an unnecessary
button probably okay well well then
we'll resume and just see if this works
oh wow little floaty okay thank you for
everyone who helped us to figure that
thank you for figuring out the thing for
us yeah so basically what happened was
the first time we tried to play the
controller wasn't plugged in first yeah
and then the second time I didn't try to
rebind the keys okay but everything's
fine now
all is well everything's fine now
so this has everyone doing yeah welcome
welcome everybody to the stream tomorrow
finally came that's true that is true
yeah oh it's like a mouse where you have
to like press down here it's not good I
hate these stupid things check their
satanic they're absolutely satanic if
you would like I could take that back
home with me this is just an extra
laptop that we have that I wasn't using
at home
if that's what you would prefer we
didn't you say have to click on the very
bottom corner before so just getting
busted I died I just honestly have no
idea that is my honest and truthful
answer to you come come lordy AK says
check fighting over rings rich want be
the king but long live the chief for a
little ol thing little boys bang bang
long live the chief now watch pretty man
pretty mama
well I slang McCain I'm assuming that is
musical lyrics that is a I
you're probably referencing that that is
a song and it was very recently featured
in Marvel's Luke Cage and for anyone who
has been anyone who follows me on
Twitter you will know that I am
incredibly and supremely disappointed by
Marvel Netflix isn't Luke Cage okay
who's gonna ask you was goodness I guess
it's not it is not good what's what's
wrong with it so many things so many
things right where do you even see I was
on a bit of a Twitter thing what with my
and back and forth like it was one tweet
but then a bunch of back-and-forth with
people about why I think it sucks so bad
yeah
oh here's combat tutorial this is
probably will need those light and heavy
attack
[Music]
pacing is a big problem nothing really
happens until you get to episode 11
wow yeah that's a while before things
happen every episode feels incredibly
slow
beyond that the action in it you know
it's it's a Power Man right Power Man is
unbreakable skin is super strong there's
possibly two action sequences in the
entire series okay and one of them is
him slowly walking down a hallway while
people shoot up it's every action scene
is incredibly dull that's no good for
your action movie so it's no daredevil
oh god it's no daredevil it's not-it's
no daredevil because it doesn't have the
action and it's no Jessica Jones cuz it
doesn't have the poignant social
commentary okay
you know after re-watching jessica jones
i fuckin love jessica jones
but it's terrible i so but yet you
watched it all huh and yet you watched
it all well you know it's okay I was you
know what I was liking daredevil season
2 and I didn't even finish watching it
you should watch I got distracted with
something else and then I just there I
have never been thinking about it you
should definitely
Hevy you should finish watching it's
great and I was I was getting into the
electric stuff and digging it mm-hmm
that is arguably arguably the weakest
stuff in daredevil season two's the octo
stuff I wasn't thinking that it's great
well the the end of it but here here's
one of the biggest problems with Luke
Cage is tone jumping they want to be a
serious show and they want people to be
funny in their serious show the whole
thing has the score as if it's directly
out of a 70s blacksploitation film yeah
it's a great score but it's not shot
acted or written like a 70s
blacksploitation film but it has the
soundtrack like one and so you're
constantly waiting for them to like be a
little cheesy and wait for the camera
but nobody is everyone's very serious
but they tell jokes uh-huh it's oh man
it's just all it's it's all terrible
it's all all terrible don't forget to
talk up that Amazon free twitch Prime
subscription that's true so you can buy
more eggs and minor league baseball caps
what the fuck are they talking about a
great thing a great and wonderful thing
happened I will I will stop talking
about Marvel Netflix is Luke Cage for
just a moment to tell anyone
as people might remember a while back
Amazon bought twitch and you know we
haven't really seen much from the Amazon
twitch partnership until recently
where it was announced at twitchcon that
anyone with Amazon Prime
gets twitch turbo which means you get an
ad-free experience and you get to
subscribe to one person a month oh you
get a free subscription okay and so if
you have Amazon Prime and you are not a
subscriber to us you can link your
account and subscribe to us for free as
part of your Amazon Prime account or any
well any tour ever or whomever you want
but you know obviously you know us would
be nice yeah so that's super nice and
really great if you are a an Amazon user
an Amazon Prime user and I like Amazon
Prime obviously you know get my free
shipping and place something with a plot
is this is this your first stream if so
welcome you know we're playing destiny
everybody's gotta have a first dream I
guess yep
future famous person says yes about 50
other people and I on reddit agreed that
a short review of the force awakens by
you as George Lucas would be amazing
just thought it was an idea worth
sharing and haven't we done the force
awakens to death at this point not
enough for some people I guess it's
never enough I I don't have strong
enough feelings to even write like a
fake George Lucas review myself really
I very much don't care that much about
the force awakens perfectly average
Adventure both film likable characters
not as not as fun as guardians of the
galaxy but then again the ending didn't
completely suck like guardians of the
galaxy
so Anonymous's have you been watching
the debates everyone is debating about
the winners but I think the real winner
is the Voyager probe which is currently
throttling away from Flat Earth 38,000
miles per hour that's precisely why I
haven't been watching the debates
Garrett has I just don't give a flying
fuck you know watch I want to Taylor
versus Donald mm-hmm and it's exactly
what everyone thought it was going to be
which is Donald lying a lot and a
Hillary being kind of robotic it's fine
the I didn't I don't know anything about
either the vice presidential candidate
so I didn't watch that yeah that was
only yesterday but uh like that I know
there was one point during the
presidential debate where you know
Donald was what was he talking about he
was talking about stop and frisk the the
controversial New York law where they
were just stopping random people and
frisking them to see if they had a leak
or contraband yep and it was it was
deemed unconstitutional because you know
they were stopping people and seeing if
I had any contraband without any cause
yeah perfectly yep unconstitutional but
Donald Trump was just like not ever it
worked great and like no there's a lot
of lawsuits a lot of people really upset
about that yet works great tip it's all
difficult I'm missing something you have
a double-jump right I think your first
job needs to be a good jump you're just
like running off the edge oh I need to
jump first and then - no your your first
jump is I think you need more speed for
your first jump I tried - jumping here
followed but it says try - jump wait am
I missing how to - jump hold on you just
did it this is done by jumping while
moving at - speed just press a - we've
Keith quickly followed by the jump key
there you go okay
look
so I'd I can't imagine that the the
debates have changed anyone's minds yeah
people know who they're voting for
already I am I'm fairly confident in
that
Joey Noah says yeah your stream always
starts justice I'm about to head outside
for a hike
sometimes when I'm lucky you're still
streaming when I get home
ha ha ha ha filet she ate my walking
stick
sorry about that jelly nihilist feel
great jack
I feel like I'm doing great game child
Kay says yeah Magnificent 7 is really
good highly recommended
not a big Chris Pratt fan but he was ok
Denzil he's okay Denzil and ethan hawke
are great
Vincent DiFonzo wait da da na fro
whatever you're not for know did deanna
for know yeah
Cupid okay I don't I can't I don't know
his fucking name I can't I can't I can't
read this I can barely speak normal I
can barely say like dog or house and I'm
supposed to say
Vincent Ian offer Oh Leo you know I I
can't do it he did good and wasn't
providing bad horror exposition Vincent
D Oreos Vincent the Oreos
I'm just gonna call him Vincent D Oreos
from now on it Vincent D funds or Oreo
Thor that's right thordan adventures of
babysitting Edgar and men in black I
know who is for people who don't know he
was in criminal intent law and order
criminal intent for a while great in
that and of course the kingpin hey look
dildo Calrissian just subscribed with
twitch prime hey welcome welcome dildo
thank you for a theater your free
subscription on us telling on says rich
and Jack finally got around to watching
space cop yeah I must say space cop is a
fine role model after Zack Snyder's
Superman also that was a great pálinka
review well worth the wait thank you
glad you enjoyed it
I personally had very little to do with
huh said send Mike a nice thank-you
email
and this you think just hold up around
did did you watch they played good
review a little bit of it yeah I don't
know if I watched the whole thing of it
to be honest with you I'll get around to
it it was a you know why I'm you know
why I didn't watch it huh because I
don't necessarily like I only watched
like the first half-hour and it was all
about like rebuttal who had rebut 'add
the original plinker of you and I was
like we talked about things he thought
were more interesting I think the
divorce away right and it's like oh I
don't like the whole ring theory that's
going around he had stuff to say about
me I know if I got to the ring Theory
part like just the first half it seemed
like he was all he was doing was
rebutting people who had made arguments
against the argument he had already made
he debunks ring theory which is a recent
thing that's going out saying that the
prequels are secretly brilliant oh well
obviously that's wrong because it's like
poetry and they ride home so there's
secretly brilliant well obviously I
think that's wrong but you know what I
it didn't hold my interest enough in the
first half-hour okay but I'm sure I'll
watch it eventually but I it didn't seem
to me like I said I didn't I didn't care
about him rebutting other people's
theories because that's what the first
ones were for
this death only child says hey Jack
hi I just watched your PC building
stream on YouTube okay and I would like
to congratulate your wife by choosing a
case that small you are clearly not
trying to compensate for anything good
job Hey spaghetti oh the cardia meister
just subscribed with twitch prime hey
it's a thing that's a thing it's a thing
we know what the prime users are yeah
well you know it's very nice and you
know like I said it's giving it's giving
another people another option can you
grab onto the ceiling yeah for only
first short Wow okay that AV Club
headline was hilarious like it knows how
to get under people's skin I don't
remember what that was what was never
mind is I need to rewatch the review I
saw like a rough cut of it a while ago
what a month ago
oh I did Co the AV Club did have an
article oh maybe they're referring to
that I know there's some like fake
articles in the play good review
referring to one of those no the AV Club
had an article and it did have a bit of
a skating headline yes which was read
mr. blanket weighs in on Star Wars The
Force awakens ten months after everyone
else has already made up their mind yeah
and I didn't read the article just
because I hadn't seen it that was one of
the criticisms against the original
Phantom Menace review was like it's tool
it's meant to lug kids now you be still
criticized something even though it's
been out a while oh absolutely I don't
think it was I thought it was a nice and
sassy head yeah yeah nice and sassy
headline no as long as he had new stuff
to say about it it doesn't yeah let him
make whatever review he wants whenever
tonight
obviously the hollow yeah the only thing
that's bothersome to me about this game
so far is this music is the music that
they used in the Double Fine adventure
documentary ok the exact same music well
who used to first and where's it from
and you can always just hit mute put on
a fucking album I don't give a shit oh
no no it's it's not bad music it's just
like I associate this with the
documentary yeah and so it's just it's
just it's a bit of a mind Bend
well I'm sorry yeah it's the worst thing
that's ever happened amazing is it's the
worst thing that's ever happened to me
but you know I guess they don't you
think about it and say yeah I've had a
pretty good life if just reused music is
the worst thing that ever happened to me
I'm pretty happy with this huh
are you freed a chipmunk or something I
think that's what I'm doing
oh I got a key so there's different
player characters yeah I'm the girl
because you know you're always the girls
I like being the girl I like being the
girl you can be this other girl you
could be old guy or you can be the young
guy but you know girl seems like the way
to the way to go
how about some nice and dark Souls what
about to play yeah yeah maybe I'll see
oh not for yet do you need to kill all
the things I think that's how you try
not doing to see if you need to in no
level they play differently or as a
cosmetic cosmetic is there a sweet
button or she automatically do that well
you had the thing
Gambhir child UK says one thing I will
say about rlm and force awakens is on
half in the bag episode when you three
were doing the paid review was hilarious
watch the film okay
that's what we were congressional it
contractually obligated to say lol hack
fraud yeah uh-huh but my opinion hasn't
changed since the the half of the bag
review yes yeah it's fine it's that it's
a Star Wars film it's more up Star Wars
from the prequels where it's not the
best it's fine I think Mike's opinions
softened a little bit has softened well
gotten bit worse I felt I know he loved
it at first
oh that way yeah I said well he hates it
yeah I mean I don't know oh oh I liked
it I liked it I know did get over a
million views is it
at last I looked it was a 800,000 uh
yeah it's it's over a million good so
that's good that's good
which genre is our least favorite to
play rich is least is realtime strategy
survival horror survival survival horror
walking simulator survival horror and
then you give the real time strategy
unless you can name something else that
I hate more than real time strategy I
don't know TC Brady one three three says
hey rake and jar i tipping from my first
payment from my first job
thanks for the hours of entertainment
dongle my spring roll
good so your your least favorite genre
Jack
[Music]
anything that involves strategy I'm good
so definitely not ex-cop for favorite
game you know you know what I'm okay
with XCOM because you know X come as
there's enough shootie that I can do
uh-huh why don't you go down you're
supposed to slide down these hills when
I press down there's enough shooting
XCOM where I can get behind it but
anything that's like purely strategy and
I'm supposed to think like eight moves
ahead I just can't I can't even be
bothered
we got my brain does not function like
that you missed some Jack huh
it appears that levels done when you
free all the animals okay so anything
we're thinking yeah anything with
thinking in it I don't like I I am
really good at quick decision-making and
reflex anything that's like fire watch
huh like fire one fire watch all about
quick decision and reflex anything we're
it's it's like you need to think eight
moves in front of your enemy chess that
can't do it you know I'm not wired that
way I'm Chad you don't want to know what
I thought of last of us you just don't
want to know no you say you want to know
but then you don't want to know if you
know you'll bitch by ceaselessly right
ceaselessly cow that says hey rich great
Lucas in the soft reboot of Lincoln
hating on the prequels and corporate
star war exploitation if Disney can
shovel out the same recycled shit every
year then why shouldn't mike ah what
Mike was talking about specifically the
ring theory which is something he did
not talk about in the other play good
reviews
I was glad you enjoyed it
oh well I need to change some things up
okay games and things up because we have
a very special guest
oh hello have to get them if you get
that microphone close to your face just
turn it bring it right into my head I
don't give a fuck it's who is that and
it's Josh that get that camera setup
experience with microphones so that a
little bit like George Lucas or a little
bit of experience with microphone a man
to set the microphone up so people could
talk till I figured out we could do
sound and post when I stopped using
microphone because those rules we just
add it in later the microphone Justin
posts like the audio later yeah and then
the microphone with authenticity every
now and then you see a microphone in
their shop at CGI I had them preview I
had them put a microphone into Star Wars
over on the same time I added the rocks
and the blinking you walk running into
the I added more children there's
actually running into everyone that
watched the door and now bumps their
head that was my true vision in the
first place it was yeah I decided that I
decided that 35 years after the fact
that my vision was that all of the
stormtroopers would walk through the
door bump their head
oh I mean that's bold oh there you are
oh well almost hold on we almost got you
they've only been doing face camp for a
year if I'm not mistake yeah usually you
know we we have it set up before we go
though we didn't know if we're gonna
have a guest or not and you know I
fucking deal with it
I know it's it's a little weird we could
turn off you don't want to be let's roll
with it and see what happens and then we
need to go to our camera hear me scratch
my nose my energy yeah that's it will it
will it's great hi everybody hi Tom it's
gonna you know what so it's gonna be a
little weird tonight we need to we need
to think about no that's perfect right
there
yeah how's that that's even better like
we'll do right there even better there
we go keep it going no like right I will
fix this don't you worry vaguely
professional Jack configure the video
well we're fuckin up anonymous says oh I
hope Mike replaced your diabetes
medicine he didn't he did not oh he
didn't zero says thanks for the laughs
from for one for though I don't know
what does for one for that's the local
area code oh yeah that makes sense
we use a freezes of phone to dial
numbers anymore
I think a lot of much more important
yeah yeah mine isn't for one for well
that's it also doesn't matter what they
are anymore
yes yeah area codes still matter I mean
not not the way they used to because
what they used to be was the largest
populated areas have the shortest area
codes
oh yeah that's why you need new york is
two one two always used to have to be a
one or a zero
okay okay obviously too many people with
now yeah so that's not the case anymore
but that was that did the whole true for
a long time that's the end of that story
remember it was a time when all of
Chicago used to be was at three one two
three one two yeah chaos when they
change that yes so many people had
tattoos sure sure well suddenly that
suddenly at some point when they did
that like someone you you would call
frequently suddenly they were a long
distance call they lived
yeah they live yeah a few miles away
it's a different world here we go
doesn't work okay yeah I do feel like
I'm feeding the answers to somebody
off-screen and you guys you know they
want to switched and that's a good call
yeah just the way we are hold on we're
gonna switch us but I just wanted to get
our so they'd be like the proper size
relative to one another here we go so
now we're just a little more cropping
and we'll be good to go yeah
greetings from self-learning South
Florida before hurricane Matthew washes
us all into the sea I'm glad I can spend
my last hours on earth watching a
previously recorded stream and with Josh
no less great job sorry graphic military
about being what washed into the sea
yeah we this others lined up perfectly
yeah perfect dish oh my god like that
that's I like that took a little bit of
work and now we're letterbox nice so
we're letterboxed within another box
with a game that's also a letterbox but
you know it's gonna it's gonna be fine
alright it's gonna be fine I think this
is how we do it Josh hello welcome to a
stream oh yeah it was there were not
cameras there were not cameras before
real long we have camera yeah that's
right
we've kamerad ourselves now
yeah singham mic is low low hello hello
hello
Tic Tac Toe yeah Oh need to get turned
up there is and why is here is it
working now it's working okay now you -
ah okay
I was just tapping on the thing okay
Josh now you should be approximately our
same volume great great thank you
hi everybody no it's too kind I'm sorry
I'll try I was projecting a little much
probably okay how are we doing that's
that seems like we should be but maybe
move it like an inch further away
further away very well right there no I
have room for my trick oh it's okay
let's say I just look getting my first
gander at the game yeah I'm a sweepy
okay I'm a sweepy person you didn't know
it was a sweep up all the muck oh okay
that's fun and that's the game I guess
didn't go with the naked puzzle time I
really wanted to come with me a puzzle
time if we get bored of this we might go
okay god I can't get up I've rain I
forgot how to play mostly if anyone has
seen the trailer for the game hey D H a
y de e you play as a very curvy and
well-endowed robot like mm-hmm have
reversed Merlo bot a reverse Maroma
robot and it's supposed to be like a
sexy puzzle solver where you look at
this okay
like come come up okay this is just
frustrating
oh my god you go to get it okay those
thing
and every angle that the sexy robot is
in shows off either it's bouncing
breasts or it's butt crack and then so
much breasts all up but in the Train you
could see the the pendulous breasts over
the word is bowing boy buying
have I feel like Charles Nelson Reilly
here
I said boring oh come on man does
anybody get matched game jokes anymore
no no no good tonight then I seem
original it's good or just strange and
confusing I'm fine with that too
mostly strange and confusing dedenne
dedenne dedenne dedenne today dead
except that dodo do dodo do do don't do
baby dododo dododo
hmm is that the Mitch game what's the
match game theme yeah are you enjoying
us do you want to okay we're gonna come
on by even weirder we just hey guys have
a microphone ready for you oh that's
gonna be weird pause father James
nothing at all
I do need phantom oh yeah okay talking
test test one two one two testing one
two
holy crap there's four of us here but
you only get to see three of us that's
fine with a camera for another hour
that's why I said it's fine to worry
about we people know what I look like
playing now you don't think do you want
to play the do you want to play hey D I
don't give you seem like you want to
don't careful I'll do it it would be
funny do it okay do it what is a t we're
gonna oh yeah make it puzzle get that's
Buber robot we're gonna switch it up get
out of here get out of here I thought
this was supposed to be whatever the
sexy game was and as a she's just
wearing overalls you know she's a
working girl and that's sexy that's sexy
this is self-employed
that's pretty some people have
chimney-sweep fantasies somebody does
[Music]
she's gonna clean me out yeah Rob looks
dirty your mop yeah well that was a
broom but I mean get you're ruining my
fantasy you're ruining mine uh heidi is
trihard difficult i don't know what that
means we're gonna get we're gonna play
this weird-ass game with a sexy robot oh
yeah oh she's a robot too
a weird face she might be wearing like a
costume that doesn't have pants is she
is maybe she's in space that's what I'm
that's what I'm thinking I need coverage
for this not so much this yeah there's
gonna be a lot of butts sale like know
that there's a camera I can gesture we
have a fancy overlay oh I need to change
our overlay too because we're gonna be
playing a different game what is this
game called again guys got a
professional woman
we got like all professional gamer
challenger cases dr1 got zombie genocide
or achievement real mega buster helps a
lot now have full Mega Man kit almost
got 50 survivors but lost to on accident
fuck fuck Erin and Harold rich on his LP
LP Erin move your fucking ass and that
was a conversation that J and Josh be
glad to get in on I'm really sorry I
think that's a die elective nerd that I
don't speak does that mean anything to
anyone
some Dead Rising stuff okay we talked
about Josh as the as the music person
okay how do you feel about Bon Iver
ah Bon Iver by the ending a Bobby Prince
Iver
Bonnie Prince Iver yeah do you feel I
don't really like the music I appreciate
that he's putting more eyes on a very
localized scene okay he's working with
some people I like a lot he's working
with the the dudes from collections of
colonies of bees I like cocoa bees yeah
exactly
mostly because I like calling him cocoa
bees he's exactly um I'm not a big fan
of his music in general I think that the
smell of marketing is really strong with
him where it's just I was depressed so I
went into a cabin and you know Claire
and it was froze and it's just like it's
it kind of indicative of how it is now
we're just like you can't just have good
music you have to have a story to tell
story behind sure sure and I feel like
he's
very much wrapped up in that but there
are definitely positives too like he's
definitely putting everything he's
getting back into the scene and into the
music and he's definitely raising
visibility of a lot of people they
weren't getting it so I don't
necessarily just look at those fucking
boobs she doesn't have a face right oh
yeah they can't see her boobs yet oh I'm
gonna fix that you this is ridiculous
Louie but yeah so generally speaking
while not a fan of his music in general
I appreciate some stuff that he's doing
okay I think that's fair I think he's
doing the right thing with what what
he's bringing it so there thanks for
asking gently I just you know I heard
this the song that they're playing on 88
9 which is our local independent music
channel that well right there's a music
channel that plays the commercially
viable independent music instead of the
conversion commercially viable pop music
right and so I heard that's a neat
little downer tune and yeah I I don't
listen to music a lot so I was I was
wondering if I should get the album I've
never gotten any album of his I've only
heard his up in the woods song oh right
Kanye's sample yeah that's a weird song
yeah this it's just him saying the same
line over and over again but adding more
layers of vocoder mmm every time he
sings through it in like a round and it
gets very strange it's it's a very
interesting song I'm sure he seems like
he's going a little more experimental
okay from what little I've heard of the
new stuff which is not that much because
it's just it's just coming out now I
think the record maybe just came out
this week or last week
pretty recently and I don't listen to 88
nine very much cuz you know we sure
there's not actual nudity in this before
we get like our channel back it did say
softcore I guess that doesn't mean
anything that's a difficult they joked
that a difficulty joke about the nudity
Oh see this is why we're playing this
game boy oh and then they're all just
hanging on the wall that's really you
guys this is ice this is a game why
don't you might get into some trouble
there what do you do in this game
aside from jiggle though that's what
we're here to find out okay hold on
where's my invert invert wipe true boy
oh my god yeah I did its way she's
running to the little dainty arms like
Jesus Christ yes almost like he's doing
the Mamie Van Doren wrists doing the
twist
don't go low that's freaky yeah I want
to go along well if you want I'm just
saying like a lot of Bisons weird a lot
about okay yes you delegate she's got
like an 80s lung but no you know that's
classic 80s one absolutely fun but yeah
absolute it has a bit and it's sticking
to it yep yeah they've also this totally
did not invert did you apply is there an
apply it's not in this menu no it's in
the game menu inverse why true
no it's still not inverted video try
inverting it again returning it it went
to false again is there a safe but I'll
apply ah there you go there we go okay
hey magic oh oh fuck this is terrifying
there's a bunch of dead ones over well
uh all of this oh come on we don't know
we don't need to see that job I think
we're gonna see it a lot I have a
feeling I think that's kind of the
purpose of the game I have a feeling
that that is the purpose of the game it
is it makes me very uncomfortable
they're not supposed to bounce like that
what's not moving that fast
the thing is I'm glad she's a robot
because otherwise she would be in so
much pain right also what would your
girl oh we're just gonna keep the camera
over here all right you can't
must've been a fun day hiring a stripper
to do the motion capture no I make a
game I'm making a game I need you to
bend over more I make a game if you
could hunch and run at the same time
punch and run just broke your ankles
look at those heels Jesus you guys were
asked the wrong questions for Josh and J
night mr. Bronski says hello sassy
gentlemen do any of you have favourite
Dark Souls bosses or enemies but Bart
counts if you wanted to also sorry if
this has been asked a million times
Jay and Josh what are your favorite Dark
Souls and are blood-borne bosses and
enemies is there one that looks like a
devil because if there is that's my
favorite there's no it's not there's
things in that that would be your face
yeah it'll be much more interesting than
a mere devil there's a jungle wolf
covered in blood
there's a girl is there is it like a
list do you get like a list I don't have
a loss on me you know but is that how it
comes up like when you're when you're
looking through this something you can
select from a list no characters in a
video game yeah that you select how do
you select them you don't fight or you
fight like a man yes they are the the
final and boss of the DLC is a is a
thing that comes out of a giant placenta
okay and that's my favorite and he uses
what appears to be like part of the womb
as his weapon that he swings around at
you and it's covered in slime and it's
pretty gross done that's my favorite
okay Josh the same I'm gonna go with
Mike Tyson under under appreciated enemy
in Dark Souls 3 yes oh wait there's
outfit settings we don't have any
unlocked
I brought King Hippo ooh do you like
King Hippo how I can get both yeah I
started a new game because I couldn't
figure out how to load after I died oh
no I just want to let you know that I'm
sure that's I just want to let you all
know that none of us is rich you
shouldn't chastise your fan base for
making repetitive jokes repetitive jokes
don't deserve your hate fact that they
exist at all is worth celebrating it's
almost like you were joking or something
I know me did that all right I know
people don't understand jokes dear they
just know to repeat the things yeah
every is it is their stance that
everything that exists is a blessing
you can't save in this game if you die
you have to start all I don't know
anything I don't understand the
criticism looking for ya dinosaur brains
ocodile-cray
that's those are the important any other
I knew it was it was a lizard of some
kind
don't don't about things you don't like
pure instance no not about things like I
saw a comment by that guy somewhat
recently oh yeah on that red letter
media channel yeah Wow so he's still
around he's still paying attention I
guess even after you horribly insulting
coming oh it's fine I can't run up in
there I can't even look at this it's
right up in there okay don't look rich
okay what is the name of this game
Haidee it's like the character
apparently it's like Hardee's but
different it's like it's like Hardee's
but different is true is there like a
how do you I don't think I think if you
die you have to go through all the
levels again that's a terrible idea
it seems to be a terrible idea because
like here I don't necessarily know how
to drop down yeah oh oh drop it like
it's hot that's why they made this game
know so many reasons difficult game to
make with one hand
there's gotta be a button you use to
grab a Ledge right there has to be
yeah that's obviously what they're
trying to teach you it's just not
working
well they just didn't teach me what
button it was they didn't I
there's no good you know maybe what I
should do is attempt to do that on an
earlier level like here we're oh there
you go we won't die that's a smart think
enjoy I'm a smart thinker mm-hmm you
just have to okay you I just have to
turn no but see like watch this
oh he's okay so I'm apparently I'm just
not trimming back off can you back up no
you can't back up I meant back off not
jack off like fall and turn hmm I guess
I could just read the controls oh my god
crouch Oh press B again to go down okay
all right
there we go wait but do you press it to
to stayed never mind stay on the ledge
yeah okay what you do stay there you
know yes and cephalo pathetic says J
Josh everyone are you excited for the 4k
restoration of phantasm oh yeah I just
purchased the digital version yesterday
I also watched phantasm ravager and it's
the worst thing ever the new one yeah
they're still making phantasm well they
have it the last one was in like 98 oh
okay yeah that was the fourth one and
that was essentially the last one
but they made a new one apparently they
started shooting it as like a web series
a couple years ago oh that's something
they expanded it to a feature and it
just looks like a cheap fan film and the
effects are terrible and there's no
story it's a sort of random shit
happening and then it kind of abruptly
ends it's really bad it's probably the
worst thing I've seen all year I'm sorry
that's too bad like I'm not like super
like yeah I've got to go see it
immediately oh my god I can't believe it
I don't think it's eat that they did it
yeah I think I seen something like JJ
Abrams would take the time to do that
yeah exactly
but yeah I'm not like I'm I'm fine
sticking with my my copy for now like
I'm gonna copy it looks fine right yeah
I purchased the digital version
yesterday but I haven't watched it so I
don't know how much better
yeah this is the question she wants to
mix mix a little bit of music in there
yeah yes and a goes up but maybe could
be you can't go up there you gotta go
around get a fence or something you
can't okay
can you go around that thing Hey look at
that and just right nothing right now
okay feel like it should be beside a
thing you can move or almost keycard oh
it's oh I was going with the electric
razor no no electric
I mean why put it up video games where
that looks like that's fair whereas I
play yeah video games right essentially
doe put your butt right on there say
what do you think that was oh you're
crazy beard beard carer you might think
razor
I might more than I would know I am drum
I'm reaching I don't see I shave once a
week or so via trimmer not a razor I
guess for you no I do actually kiss
pretty good for this area
oh yeah let's review guts and stuff I
mean that's a thing like I you know
there's a certain shape to the beard and
okay I've gotta clean up a you can't you
can't let it just become a mess no
because otherwise it goes up to here
right up to the top of the cheek and
that's not a pretty yeah I got that from
the reverse goes on here oh yeah my
whole neck would be here yeah this yeah
this also please yeah all the way down
into the Chester yeah yeah oh yeah I
used to work with a guy that there was
no separation between his beard and his
chest hair oh no it was just one long
thing so he would shave like he would
shave his you know neck area so but you
could see his chest hair sticking out at
the top of his shirt and there was just
like a straight yeah like what else
could he do other than shave isn't tired
nice I guess yeah oh yeah there was when
I used to when I was back with them back
and one at the old job there was
somebody that would come in that would
just have like poof some hair like
coming out of it well you you know
that's happening you see that you got
that you got take it back sure mommy
label says hey guys dropping by to say
rlm got a shout out the other day on the
Anthony Q Mia show aunt loves your stuff
also get to playing blue estate ASAP
Jack Rock on fellas blue estate that may
or may not happen
I am personally unfamiliar with Anthony
I'm saying his name will probably see
you maa I don't know Kimmy only my
assumption is like a radio thing could
be a radio thing could be a podcast
thing could be now I feel bad he's a fan
of that like Oh possibly
I know yeah although one of them one of
them from the no more Opie and Anthony
Cher okay yes I've heard the name I
don't nobody have them I've never
actually heard the show but I know that
it exists oh look is really good save I
know we got to make sure I'm in the a/v
Club where they said the dumbest thing
ever
yeah but they were really salty with us
but they you know mention the new review
new point get review and they're like
new planket review comes 10 months too
late and they're they're common at the
end of the the whole article was if
planket wants his reviews to be relevant
maybe he should release them closer to
when the movie comes out like the old
reviews the Star Wars are lazy they
really say that yep the Star Wars review
the prequel movies that came out 10
years after the movies it was I could
not believe it
here's the dumbest thing joke no there's
just someone didn't know what they were
talking about
that's great oh that's some stupidity
yep I love it
good good job ad Claude I can see you
really keeping up the keeping up
equality there and apparently any sort
of review or comment areas is only valid
if you do it like the week the movie
comes out I guess I guess that is the
world we live in now because movies
after a certain point they just don't
exist they just disappear you can't
watch them anymore
raizy any criticism of a culturally
significant movie is invalid what do we
get the movies come on
well cuz who's gonna watch it a week
after it comes out yeah that kind of
patience oh my god it's not like it's
gonna ever come out on DVD or blu-ray
right and then there's no way people are
gonna be talking about that movie in
like ten or two years when the next one
comes out possibly would be thinking
about completely forgot no no Star Wars
I've already forgotten and even if you
even if you could buy these movies to
watch in your home you watch them the
first time and then they just blow up I
would love to see us change them blowing
up after you watch them is that just
bling or you can watch it and then watch
it again if you want that'd be great you
have to have some really strict DRM yes
wait now I'm actually starting to get
serious I've got I got shrapnel from
from watching you know that that copy of
baby geniuses the NSA I know why I
decided to watch that I would say if
your DVD I had that hadn't exploded yet
I'm gonna say if you were watching baby
geniuses you deserve to get yeah less
cars let that one go you know we've made
like six or seven of those at this point
did they they keep going oh they're
still making them like even the death of
Bob Clark couldn't stop baby nothing can
stop baby geniuses oh God
apparently they're still making them I
actually own a copy why cuz Mike gave it
to me as a joke gift again
oh they're robots cool I don't have any
boats I mean I'm gonna run away Oh
clearly
beat him with the dead robot
picking up in smack um uh that's a good
idea
okay I'll just wait here
yeah you wait there okay yeah I'm out of
here probably need to kill it
anonymous says Jay have you seen night
gallery its scrolled up before I could
read it like the show you'll try we'll
find out in a second I would assume so
there
Oh God Oh jakka's laptop is ass it's
it's a laptop I had to lie at home I
understand and start you thinking we
have around at home because it's ass
it's just a little thing I brought here
because hey because it's it's a visual
representation of the laptop oh look
there it is boom bang it's paint it's
it's by Rod Serling's so this is Daniel
show but him sci-fi deals with whore in
the McCobb I think I I've probably seen
random episodes like when I was little
but I don't think it's I don't think
it's on like any sort of streaming
service or anything I'm sure I've seen
episodes but not in a long long time you
probably have to actually fire up your
antenna and turn into like me TV yeah
it's out there somewhere yeah I've never
actually seen never actually seen it
they didn't that's the thing like like
Twilight Zone got so prevalent in the
last decade or so because sci-fi would
run yeah whatever it was a holiday
they'd run like a 24-hour marathon New
Year's Eve they call it yeah yeah it's
great you say you say in the last
digging I've loved that show since I was
a small child no I lied zonas the shit
yes well I feel like it was it was
always on cable to when you're younger
more so than Night Gallery yeah Twilight
Zone was always on they they reran that
wasn't like the major networks but not
having cable they reran that shit unlike
some of the UHF channels when I was
young yeah yeah I feel like it was
always oh yeah yeah it seems like it was
always more difficult to to track down
than Twilight oh alright
oh the neck Gallery counter yeah yeah
yeah you can get like DVDs
well rod serling was actually less
involved with my case like yeah yeah
[Laughter]
genius the end yeah is it genius writer
just host this fucking show yeah I need
monies lately I've been watching old
episodes of tales from the dark side
oh wow watch that there's there's like a
DVD set out of it as the quality is
terrible like they look like VHS rips
but I've been I've been making my way
through that I've been doing anthology
stuff this year from September to
October I like to watch lots of horror
things and I've been doing lots of
anthologies so I've been making my way
through those some are better than
others they don't have the the punch of
something like a Twilight Zone where
there's like a twist at the end they
just kind of ends yeah I guess that
episodes over that's a thing I'm hoping
they get better probably do it was
always so smart yeah like it's it's it's
the best writing that was around at the
time and you know obviously you've got
all sorts of actors that you you know
you don't get to you wouldn't have known
you know if like basically smaller
actors that became famous but it was
just kind of like I maybe it's part of
that culture of like 50s TV where it's
just like we have to fill it with
something and then somehow the smartest
stuff we get through yeah we got a 90
minute fucking play we're gonna show
like they didn't understand pandering to
the lowest common denominator they just
didn't unbeknown that yet yeah
plus I think back back then in the
earlier days of TV there were these
called the idiot box yeah long time
thing was watching TV a rocket brain
probably glad to have something a little
bit smarter on the TV I'd say you know
what you know what there's some value
that this medium yeah and then it came
all the way back around we're gonna
write your brain that's what you won Ron
doesn't you get
now that's what my boo boo honey boo
yeah but you also get your your Mad
Men's and your Breaking Bad oh yeah TV's
pretty great right now yeah there's good
stuff and there's bad stuff but it's no
no it was really good stuff yeah yeah it
seems like it's easier to uh I'm
thinking like like get the good TV like
the 50s to like the 80s yeah sure crap
like full house like look good stuff
always got but it took it was for you
know far further far between whereas now
it seems like there's just so much good
stuff to watch which is actually like
too much in certain situations yeah like
that's why so much Breaking Bad yeah
everyone says it's great and it's like
there's so much other stuff to get
through and it's it's like every episode
is an hour and there's like six seasons
of that chili yes that's a lot of
fucking it's it's yeah it's a commitment
like mad medicine Netflix is kind of
killing it Netflix is doing good stuff
yeah yeah although the Netflix also has
fuller house well they get all the bases
covered and yeah well it's the thing is
like they're like is there an audience
for this let's do it yeah and then
that's how they make the money to do the
more interesting things yeah that's so
subsidizing you know that's the same
reason the Criterion's put out
Armageddon right subsidizes you know 10
movies that they couldn't afford to do
otherwise yeah it's just all about like
with will our does this make us more
desirable as a network yeah yeah Adam
Sandler has fans has a dedicated fanbase
absolutely number tuckus more
desirable as a network for Shore down
what oh I just heard okay dr. Harry Lime
says which game reviews slash sites do
you pay heed to none really like most of
my news I get from you guys
oh that's okay I see now she's got the
the meter on the back of her head yeah
it's hard to see the back of her head
that works also Josh was on prereq a
year ago ring Theory confirmed Oh yuck
was it exactly a year ago am i saying
all the same things I did last time oh
my gosh oh that's cute noise no we can
be okay with this thing's it's one of
those fun little cultural detritus
things like how you still click on the
disk to save stuff even though there
hasn't or you still touch the telephone
button to make a call on do you
understand say Josh call it a record oh
yeah what no okay yeah I yeah whatever
you call the record
you called it a record okay god it's
like a vinyl is that what people do or
something
vinyl record vinyl is not a term the it
like you could use it as a plural but
it's kind of just like you know hey like
stacks of wax like if not wax
it's a record if any you know if you
refer to it as vinyls
you make you make me die a little bit
like it's records is that like something
people do like the kind of people that
want it sound like cool yeah different I
think so I got it on vinyl no see that's
that's okay yeah that specific freezing
yes okay just like I've been buying so
many vinyls like shut up
I've been buying so many records record
albums so I've been I've been buying so
many records on vinyl yeah don't you
find that that's just not fine vinyl is
something that cannot be plural yeah
vinyl essentially refers to the medium
in that situation okay so yeah you can
refer to it as vinyl collective but an
individual thing is not a vinyl it is a
record or an album I noticed in
rewatching the gate
Stephen Dorff at one point says it's a
record album does anyone say that ever
little tiny Stephen Dorff you might have
to be Canadian in the eighties again
it's a record I'll record album I
suppose you could you know you could say
that it's perfectly it's true I guess
but yeah no I I almost exclusively buy
records at this point just because if
I'm gonna purchase something physical I
just appreciate the aesthetic of Records
like I'm the guy that never quit buying
records yeah which was awesome because
you know 15 years after I bought that
you know first edition of the first tool
record I can sell that for a plane
tickets worth of money that's like I
don't need this I have a dumb cassette
of it please no take me to New York um
but I just I never gave up on vinyl and
it came back for me
so I'm perfectly happy why is it better
I know people say vinyl is it better is
it better
is it better that's up to everyone's own
decision what is your opinion I think
it's better okay
I think it's better
of the tactile relationship of it you
actually have to get up and put it on
and then when the sides ever you have to
get up flip it over the artwork is
almost that's an emotional argument I
get that I'm fine with that but okay the
artworks is almost really arguably
better because you've had a much larger
palette to work with okay you've got
more that's a big selling point for me
yes Mars gained a record yeah totally
like it looks gorgeous and it's it's
just aesthetically a nicer thing in
terms of the packaging you can do
interesting things with it you can have
different colors of the vinyl you can
have lot grooves so the music doesn't
stop and it just repeats you can do fun
things with that they're there they're
interesting things that people have
figured out also it is you know how they
really aren't putting optical drives in
a lot of things anymore just use the mp3
is the meal but you know how record
players from the fifties and sixties
still work okay so there's a mechanical
advantage okay
past that it's it's aesthetic where it's
just like there's a certain amount of
surface noise and different interaction
with the music that just comes from
putting a physical object on the you
know on the grooves you like that or you
don't or you don't care I like it
I've heard some people actually say that
the music quality itself is higher is
digital technically it's the information
as brakes that's it's it's that's where
it starts getting really sort of iffy
and I'm an individual persons because
yet essentially digital is you know
samples of an analog wave analog wave is
what you're getting from the vinyl but
it's so tiny the samples are so tiny
that you really can't tell okay you know
if you like you can't say oh that sounds
you know digital but there are
differences in the mastering and sort of
what you can do with digital that a lot
of people find harsh a lot of people
like the treble can be too harsh and be
like transients can be too too
overbearing it can be way too loud not
allowed in this war that's a real was
gonna ask you about the society we're
not the loudness war like the real - I
heard about that that was 100% real that
is
that is digital recordings being
basically pushed up in volume to a point
that they're just clipping and it's
Distortion yeah and you physically can't
do that with Final if you hear that was
vinyl that the needle jumps out of
groove like you can't do it and you can
it has to do they just explain what the
loudness thing is it's it's trying to
make your music sound louder louder than
everything else yeah and you can do that
by compressing the music which is taking
the the peaks I'm squishing them down
and then turning the whole signal back
up and you can do that in a number of
stages throughout the recording and if
you do it enough and if you do it too
much you get distortion and you're
losing the peach you losing the
difference right exactly you're losing
the dentin what they call this dynamic
range okay okay from the quiet to loud
as the dynamic range and ideally you
want as much of that as possible you can
go as loud as it'll go but you don't
want the whole thing to be loud all the
time okay okay and that's what you get a
lot of these days and that's a lot of
people find that 15 sure it'd be very
similar to some someone who works in
video you know a lot of people are video
people here if your image is blown out
you're gonna lose a lot of quality yes
too bright yeah you're gonna end up
losing a lot of quality and compensating
for the over brightness yeah to put it
in if your image is too dark you can
color correct it and get to look
brighter if your meat just starts out
too bright it's very hard to make it
look at it exactly exactly
if you if anybody the first thing wants
to read a really interesting book about
this
it's called perfecting sound forever and
it's basically the history of recorded
sound from Edison to now and covers a
lot of really cool ground and it's a
really good read and it's it's not full
of like jargon and technical like it's
it's well written in that you know you
know if you don't know much you can
still very much read it and enjoy it
Wow Oh son of a bitch out I'm out oh
you're almost dead
I see that gosh darn it
Jack is gonna die oh I think that's kind
of this games thing did I open a thing
with this before I think this game wants
you to die it doesn't want you to just
look at the butt well darn it
look at look at least I've gotten to
save points now which makes it slightly
more bearable and I have a gun well you
got good yeah where's your election
I have no bullets oh I thought you had
votes I thought I got bullets too but
apparently I didn't I don't know what I
got performs like that that pink box I
thought that was bullet yeah maybe that
was a help okay
yes I really thought that was keeping
that she's keeping that in some sort of
crevasse well it's it's Robocop if you
go like this she takes it out of her
thigh bitches please don't leave excuse
me but where are the white women at you
know what I just had the thought and I
stopped myself from saying it cuz I
realized why I shouldn't three second I
had the fine but it didn't stop you but
ya know saying well sure it's not
offensive or anything but for a brief
second I had the thought when are they
gonna remake Robocop oh and then I
realized I completely forgot about or
Total Recall when are they gonna remake
totally alright that's that's right for
a big it's nothing like the source story
oh yeah I get it where it's like you
have to press all these things in the
right order and ya around and it's
frustrating though because like the
controls for jumping are not the
tightest and so it's like it wants to be
a platformer but it's like once I get to
the other side of that there should
really be a safe point shit you get over
are you fucked jump over kind of I'm
just trying to see if I can jump back
crash on right there Wow boy oh it's
that kind of attention to detail that
makes this game brilliant yeah let me
see if I can if I can back it up here
that's the way I work what is that song
do you know which one I'm sorry I don't
know what's a real song I don't know
your then it goes much a way I'm working
as rails on Jeff inner inner chat
internet chat and yeah
the real Vance's he's gonna know now
this tip is for Josh being the first
person I'm prereq to say you clear
correctly it's about damn time
oh Claire oh Claire oh Claire alright
alright you think I say you player yeah
I say you care to service concentrate
you Claire I'm not even from Wisconsin
and I know how to say it on I'm not you
know what I'm not from you Claire Oh
you claim you like Trempealeau water
it's French for water for fucking like a
Pollock French for water you know right
yeah and no it is very water sounded
like Will Forte that Dean's got a little
bit like what they doing a character
what are they doing a character okay
I will talk to you later have a good
name right when I just have like Oh
instead of the ei you guys because it's
French motherfuckers fucking French what
happened fucking friends we got em let's
do fromage you know I'm talking about
we're pretty close to go - clear so we
do it in America it was little I have an
s in it fuckers - Claire they said big
ol like oh we know how come from big old
- Claire McDonald's monster trucks what
are you trying to do in this game I feel
like you're just kind of wandering yeah
walk around you doubt her ass what's
hard to get about this it's a simplest
thing in the fucking world does anyone
need a game like this though know that
it's a it exists to be a joke
really the camera is like centered on
the ass at all times I think I think
this might be one of those someone
really wanted this as a sexy time game
no this is a joke this is parody you
very up
I mean this is work this is we're taking
it so far it's funny it is funny but I
don't know if that was the intent I'm
almost sure that's the intent this this
Android has a very like specific body
type that makes me think that's not true
this Android has a specific body type
that makes me think it is you know
science was a joke and it's fine as a
funny joke it's not a full game I don't
think you could take that joke and make
it a full game we'll see but you buy it
you get the joke and then you forget
about the game and they made the money
and you chuckle I think cost you that
much
yeah they say how much does a game like
this cost literally just paid for it I
have no idea look they're counting on
that it was it was 15 maybe Oh God
really maybe 13 maybe 12 that's too much
for a joke all of these knows our
numbers that exist that's true no I'm
sure they've made it like play through
to a point that you can win well it's
not like I mean it's not like it's
simple to the point that you like you're
still trying to figure out how to get to
the next part from here right and it's
oh it's not the worst game ever but it's
it's just bad it's frustrating because
it exists to laugh at if this were
serious she wouldn't have stripper legs
she'd have robot what if this were this
were serious that's like you know that's
not sexy time no the way that this is
like a weird camels out
[Laughter]
oh I get right out at a moose knuckle
oh geez that's what that voice is way in
a sorta oh it's a little Minnesota a
little me this morning
like I had I was with this lady the
other night and she had a moose knuckle
that could rival my wife's oh yeah as it
turns out I'm attracted to mooses but
yeah it's like the platforming isn't
great and I think that was the other
part of the game as they wanted to be
like it's a hard game people like hard
games but it's not their controls kind
of suck and I guess this game only
exists in your life because the game
only exists you can yeah over-the-top
thing we're doing sure it's so blatant
it's funny that's gonna be funny for
like the first minute yes and they made
their money at that point I guess Jack's
been playing it for a half an hour
yeah I mean well and that like I've
gotten to the point where I no longer
want to see that shot it just keeps
happening to see the other Irish but
it's like I need to in order to finish
the puzzle yeah but like under character
whatever get out of there undercarriage
yep hold on some paints gotta be cold
like I do want
I would love to unlock some extra
outfits cuz there are extra outfits are
there if you would go there even
skimpier outfit oh my god we don't have
access to any of Lovett's Haiti hands
Hey yeah go back okay I can only like if
there was DLC for like skimpier outfits
that would be horrible
but I wouldn't put it past him just get
that girl some flats why she have human
legs then that's a great question or
boobs because she's objectified because
we're the joke is that's where we're
going that far that's why she has no
face even
this is Anita sarkeesian's nightmare
we're doing everything we shouldn't be
doing yeah what you're doing it
we are ironically being super sexist too
many times little sass music for when
she's walking is that even a song they
just it's it's a real pop song and it
says it's it's like a girl and she goes
what's up way I worked it and then it's
like a bad saxophone sample should be
fun burlesque though just no one no one
knows from a pop song that's probably
like 15 years old probably you know I
don't think people know like the
stripper you know bad music is so and
obviously used to play it for fucking
PETMAN in high school that is for
someone to take the clothes off -
exactly but like do people do kids
nowadays understand what that is no it's
completely removed right that's I'll get
work okay where you come and so I'm
playing like a song that they would play
I'm singing a song that they were
playing the club you know oh the clue in
the club so you can watch watch the way
I work it someone is gonna find that
song that I'm talking about it's gonna
be great yeah so you could say something
to some some dude and that his girl will
dance all up on you yep I get it rich
Evans
Evelyn t' revelant AV e o int rich Evans
affluence hey Jevons awfully I won't
late day does always seen it he's
covered in it
although he's pockets scholarly general
thoughts on the mean streets to Raging
Bull De Niro 70s early 80s era genius
are overrated in anyway question mark
it's fine good actor terrible
interviewee in the seventies I don't
know about in the 70s I've seen him do
interviews where he's just yeah shy
let's fight
no I think we're we're talking about
like the particular era of like those
movies I mean what the fuck it's the 70s
you got to be you know you've got
Scorsese still doing all of the blow in
the world
everything's great J thoughts on 70s 80s
are Robert De Niro he's the best okay De
Niro was the best at the point we're all
still watch movies with him even though
I know they're gonna be terrible I did I
had never seen well I guess I'd seen him
do comedy and meet the parents yeah that
was like 15 years ago now um but I've
never seen any of the sequels or
anything this is like I want to see
Robert De Niro modern Robert De Niro do
comedy but unfortunately that movies not
a comedy Oh
I mean technically it is but it's
supposed to be yeah it's supposed to be
the one thing I would give that movie
credit for is that it is like
legitimately filthy okay not not in like
a like a hangover like oh we're being so
crazy but like it's there's some really
filthy stuff in that movie as far as
dialogue goes that's about I'll give it
credit for all right the rest of is just
embarrassing
how old is De Niro at this point he's in
his 70s yeah like Dustin Hoffman's gonna
die any minute now no I think he's
younger than venire oh yeah he just got
start early like Judy Road
started late yeah he was he had been in
theater for a while and he was in those
early DePalma movies and he was already
like older than when
yeah well you just fall over fuck just
happened but yeah he was like De Niro
was already like a good decent amount
older than Hoffman was I think you
wanted to play it you wanted I think we
got a fine amount of entertainment from
Haidee all right all right to justify me
playing it I'm not saying that it was a
like I'm not saying it's an all-night
kind of game
because obviously I'm done with it you
figure out what you want to do next Jack
figure it out you figure that shit out
here let's see if we can there we go
that's all you get yeah that's all you
get they had the name of the thing they
wanted me to tell you I forgot what it
was
Tom Jack it's called blah blah blah I
like the way she talks is that beefcake
okay beefcake now this is gonna get us
flagged that's code for copyright but
hold on that's that right yeah keep
going
[Music]
no nose not it that's not they don't
play that radio come on this is this is
a familiar song right like this is I
don't know if this is a real song that's
the other thing is it could just be in
my head
somebody's saying it's no diggity and
that's not it hey come on it's
definitely not know didn't really get it
together
everyone knows what no diggity is right
yeah see worth it by fifth harmony
somebody's Sentra though that was
there's no like they just said it's
worth it by fifth harmony oh yeah thank
you
horrible line interpretational I've
heard the song like what's on the radio
that's like that's a pretty new song
actually yeah
v far we've only been around for so long
I don't know things any of you were
talking again there you go that's it
right there that's like a year old
that song I've never heard this before
in my life of course you haven't
I've never heard that song it's on the
radio trust I think it's Hargett
commercial and that's where I heard it
that's the song no yeah yeah I just
looked up a touchscreen too it is
because you assumed it was an older
laptop years old and you can I don't
know why you would want to do it like
this but you oh god I broke it okay
that's it the end oh it's nice talking
to you everybody okay okay okay everyone
look at Haiti I'm gonna find she's
chilling we're out of water at the
studio so I've had to drink a beer
searing out of water it doesn't come out
of the tip does not come out of the tab
what did you guys there was no water in
the refrigerator so I had to take a beer
you do that old handsaw says J yes
thanks for tweeting the lay Mattos music
video for no tomorrow Oh Evan has anyone
seen that that's so adorable it's uh
it's a shorts music videos slash prequel
to turbo kit and it's all about Apple it
is the cutest thing I'm trying to feed a
corpse spaghetti is like the most
adorable thing ever
have you watched this rich no it's so
great it's wonderful it's just like yeah
it's it's the easiest thing I'm just
like extending the spirit of turbo kid
for another four minutes yeah cuz you
know she's a friendship robot yeah so
it's about the person she was with
before she met up with turbo kid um but
he dies at the beginning of the short ya
know she's just like hanging out with
this corpse yeah it's it's really it's
really great it's great yeah that's so
truck by the way just having like that
soundtrack separate from the movie
entirely is still just so fucking good
yeah the music is really really well
love that dress
they go on to say what are your thoughts
about a turbo kids sequel being
announced oh yeah I guess they you know
it's that don't really yeah um I mean
I'm open to it as long as it has those
characters back but I think they killed
the some of them yeah they can still
come back okay they'll come back need
Apple you can't yeah yeah that movie
would not be what it was if it wasn't
for Astra she makes that movie you have
a different model different robot that's
a model exactly yeah having watched or
know what turbo kit is just being like
Apple Apple there's someone named watch
turbo kit it's worth it it's really
wonderful I mean I'm certainly open to
sequel but I wonder how much more you
can do with that yeah yeah it's style
and that that joke yeah bikes right if
they take it in a weird different
directions that would be great story
yeah yeah we'll see I mean those
characters certainly don't have to end
there
yeah and once yeah it's it's basically
taking all of the established stuff from
the first movie as a given mm-hmm and
then you go somewhere else
I can see that working I mean it's gonna
be you it's the same people presumably
yeah well they have that music videos
the same people right right you know
yeah they did that so they could be
right
just go to something you know Allah this
is a terrible environment it's a million
no Gabriel right we have guests yep I'm
good I and I'm playing someone we're not
paying attention to the games much at
all exactly
they just talk that's why it's bad if
you don't know the game you're playing
they just talk all right you doing you
want
