Episode 653
Grind my Gears (part 1)
October 30, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9-6kDrAw41c
___________________________________________

what an stream starts true oh great hit
campaign I just want to know how much it
syncs data like is it a coming is it
going to go back to where I was so low
yeah wow that's really crazy
by the way so like the good here here's
like the good bad of the stupid Xbox
system yeah the bad is we were an extra
15 minutes late to streaming because we
had to sign into Xbox and Microsoft 18
times yes that was the bad part of this
here's the good part though I am
currently playing Gears of War 4 on my
xbox one yeah
and just by signing into my Microsoft
account on a completely different
computer on a completely different hard
drive I can pick up the game where I
left off I'd it's you know I'm not
saying it's worth it I'd rather own the
things I buy yeah and not ask permission
from Microsoft to use the thing I
purchased right I'm saying that's kind
of neat though look at that like I could
just pick up the game where I left off
at home here and I think that's kind of
neat I'm not saying that's worth it for
the amount of bullshit that we went
through to sign-in just to play a game
where you shoot the aliens with the guns
is there cross-platform with the Xbox
one I mean for online versus type shit
maybe can you invite your friends and
would they be able to join maybe are we
do you only want to do online or do you
want to go through some well I guess I'm
further along I could we could start a
new game and do co-op good it's kind of
can we can't we do go on yeah in the
campaign absolutely and I'm sharing a
monitor oh good question I don't know
will you try it out oh yeah right now I
surely hold on for one second I told
people I would tweet when we started and
so I would like to
do that I'd like to tweet hi sorry about
the lateness everyone most of the
lateness is my fault I was up in
Appleton this afternoon and Appleton is
about two hours away from Milwaukee and
I hit a hell of traffic on the way back
I thought I would be earlier and so I'm
very very sorry it's fine I am I'm done
I'm just you know like I said we'd start
earlier and we didn't what's the main
character this game's name again is it
Nathan flake it's it's Nathan jaw
Nathan joy it was Nathan flake it's a
it's a it's Han bozo it's Indiana bone
it's it's some asshole here's I've
played several hours of Gears of War for
I can currently not tell you what his
name is that man that we were looking at
right now I cannot tell you what his
name is
I'm several hours he's not slabs
personality-wise it's a complete ripoff
of Uncharted yes he is knees Nathan
Drake they they have complete they have
taken Nathan Drake he feels Kota leotta
place in this horrible war-torn world oh
my god right and the rest of the cast
are just oh my god it's like there was a
flood at the blanket factory like
whenever when we're playing games for
prereq I make notes a little note so you
know I can refer to stuff when we have
our conversation yeah and one of my
notes is stop making me care about these
characters it's not working how about
start making me care about these
characters no fuck that
I want to be the big dumb guy with the
big dumb gun I shoot the aliens fucking
fucking Marcus shows up and it's like
it's like a kick to the gut like Oh John
DiMaggio is fun yeah Marcus is fun
Marcus is great I wish I were playing is
the fun character no we play as as a
low-rent Nathan Drake hold on I've said
I was going to tweet
and I had gotten I think because we we
got to talking local split-screen
alright yeah that's great let's do that
okay we'll go through it we can go to
chapter where are you in the game ah
have you made it like I think we can go
to like different I can go back chapters
so we don't have to start right from the
beginning or we can it doesn't matter
whatever okay act wise I'm not sure what
number it is I know if I've met up with
Marcus and we're armored up and we're
you know we're shooting things by the
way how lucky is it that the person we
brought to Marcus's house just happened
to be a girl because like what if it was
another big burly dude and he just had
the girl arm her left for the big bulky
- you know what I'm fine with that I'm
fine with that
almost done
and tweet oh he's not he's not Jai
Courtney that would be worse because you
don't want to go from fun jarhead
because John DiMaggio knows what he's
doing with voice acting yeah
to someone like Jay Court it was just
boring at it instead they want you know
different personality types they're
going for totally Nathan Drake and it
it's not a place for this world he's
kind of obnoxious I don't like him
yep all those things place fine it plays
like every other gears game yeah yeah
the enemy types suck those robots are
just the lamest fucking things to shoot
at it doesn't get much better
obnoxious bullet sponges yeah I feel
like a lot of their pacing is off as far
as the action sequences are concerned
yeah
it's like they want to shove a lot of
spectacle in up front and it just
becomes a little action overkill where
you're like let me go down a spooky
hallway just to break up this you know
they know what they are they know their
action games first and foremost and
they're not trying I'm relieved I'm
relieved because it's not it's it's
ripping off uncharted main character
yeah but it's not ripping off their
style of what's a gameplay though you're
totally shooting at things the whole way
through in this uh you know maybe you
haven't gotten to that part yet then
what part where you're not I will I've
pretty much just been shooting it thinks
oh ok you haven't gotten to any of the
roller coaster moments then roller
coaster moments yeah when you're on the
motorcycle no oh oh hey we have a couple
tips
wait today's the 16th yeah it is hey
gentlemen I saw the accountant with Ben
Affleck's his turn of the wise and was
happily surprised it was decent
also if a young Abe Lincoln fought 12
zombies who would win zombies great even
though the fights
fatally get too close mm-hm you didn't
have like good one shot rifles in those
days yeah yeah muskets yeah yeah he
might be able to take out one or two let
me know about the headshots right right
like you'd be aiming center mass like a
proper
young Abe Lincoln was was a was a
fighter was a scrapper so he might be
able to take out one or two and once he
figured it out but no it'd be injured
and zombified be overwhelmed even if he
took out the twelve he wouldn't know he
wouldn't notice that way no no hey Jack
looks like you dodged a bullet with that
best of the worst episode of Rich was
that the most miserable best the worst
either oh did the best of the worst
quote apparently it did oh great it's
been so long since we did it I don't
even remember half the things about
that's a that's a Jim and column one we
had a we had I know I remember I
remember that much yeah but like I
couldn't remember what the one of the
movies we watched was for the life of me
we're having a conversation about that
last night
which one was that parole violators I I
don't remember that one was no I just
never any votes never read any both sure
oh and for this came up on on the reddit
someone asked me a question on the
reddit about the the gates review if you
are wondering why there is no extended
discussion for the gate reviews because
there isn't one
I asked Jay about it and there's not an
extended discussion a pretty short
conversation it must have been a short
conversation it must just all be in
there yeah so there is no SoundCloud
audio only discussion of the gate to
review as there has been of everything
else so there was another one I think
that didn't have one I don't know what
it was I am well and I thought I
remember talking to Jay about this where
he was debating because apparently like
the road warrior one there wasn't that
much extra yeah and he's like should I
then I just shouldn't do it not and I I
was in the camp that he should put the
audio only just to keep up consistency
okay and so it's like I feel like with
this one too he should have put it up
even if it was not any longer just for
consistency okay cuz I think that's
important but he didn't put it up what
are you gonna do I'm glad it's up I'm
looking forward to that I'm looking
forward to seeing them I'm because of
best of the words I'm a little slow
today I need I would like I would like
to tell a little best of the worst story
before we get started
socks off okay so here's the thing
yesterday we filmed the best of the
worst
yesterday we filmed the best of the
worst and before we started filming I
asked a very important question to Jay
my question was am I going to be in the
discussion for this because you were
there Jay was there Mike was there Josh
was there and I was there so logically
speaking either Josh or I will not be in
the discussion because that's how it
usually works yeah and so you know we
were talking for a little bit and Josh
said oh you know it's been a while since
I've been in one I'd like to do it I
said that's fine no problem you know why
it's my day off then I'm just gonna sit
and watch movies with my friends I'm
gonna drink a little bit more cuz
usually I refrain from drinking for Best
Thoris as much as put you know maybe hit
one or two but like I don't want to be
really drunk because I like to be a
coherent during the discussion yeah and
one of the early episodes I felt like I
was a little too drunk and I didn't feel
like I was funny you were I'll say this
much yeah you were exactly as drunk as
you needed to be well so so what
happened so so I was drinking pretty
heavily and that might my thought was
I'll drink heavily and you know I'll
just be the smartass while we watch the
movies they'll cut some of those clips
and then you know I'll monitor audio
while the guys talk and then I can drink
and have a good time so then we get we
get to the studio we get ready to film
and I sit behind the camera and Mike
goes no no you're in the discussion I
don't want to talk in this one and I was
like when did you decide that he's like
oh a while ago I thought I told you I
was a you fucking asshole it worked
perfectly
it worked we had the most intellectual
discussion about a film that we have
ever had on the best of the worst I knew
were bombed I was so bummed and then I
was bombed enough to go you know what
fucking I'm gonna drink more during the
discussion just so I'm as drunk as
fucking possible because now that's the
bit jack is drunk fuck everything else
so I drank way more than I was expecting
to even after saying oh I'm gonna drink
a little bit tonight
yeah I feel like ass today I feel
terrible and slow and I had the long
drive today and I didn't sleep well and
so we're just we're not running a
hundred percent right now because mike
is a dickhead and I guess what I'm
saying okay we all love drunk jack no no
this was you don't know drunk Jack you
know tipsy Jack this was drunk
Jack hey you weren't you weren't so out
of it that you couldn't have a
discussion though they weren't that
wasted I don't I had a lot to dig but
you were able to have a conversation I
don't know if I did a good job okay
great we did great great we we pwned
noted film critic Jay Bowman we did we
totally and some guy with a beard we
fucking posted by the way by the way we
won't we won't spoil the movies but Jay
Jay and Josh sure I like this movie is
terrible
and rich and I were like actually this
movie wasn't that bad and here's a list
of reasons why using evidence from the
actual film and they were they were
stumped that's exactly what I'm worried
about
I'm that's exactly what I'm worried
about that that's gonna be my coat like
in my head I'm like well if you look at
this frame you can clearly see that the
filmmaker was attempting to do something
symbolically and on camera you guys saw
the thing fucking you know I'm so that's
why I don't like being that drunk for
best of the worst and you know and Jay
is editing it know specifically Jay is
editing this run and that's a huge
problem he's gonna he's gonna just edit
it just jack longer splits mean yes
press ENTER on player harlock's input
method I will be this one okay you press
Enter
what you press enter on the keyboard or
something so yeah that's what I'm
worried about and I'm feeling it today
and I'm not feeling great I do I mean
but hopefully it's a fun episode that's
all that matters and you know I bet
it'll be a fun episode yeah I think it's
gonna be a fun episode good that's all
that really matters
oh let's see here where were we when can
you be expecting this Jim all I had to
guess I don't know October 31st I I
would say ish I would say some sort of
Halloween ish way let's start again yeah
yes there for me
Wow let's see here
Lord Belmont says hey friends I would be
it wasn't I think I want you to take the
lead because you have a controller
that's true option it's probably not
options return to main menu yeah
I'd be ecstatic if you played the 7th
guest later this month in honor of
Halloween also Jay would love until dawn
we we will get seven guests I'm just
gonna shit all over it like I did with
vampire the masquerade that is uh that
is very possible to the right and newer
okay so local split-screen yes I would
be placed in offline oh well okay now
now new normal that's what I've been
playing in I don't know what you've been
playing in or it isn't normal
every Jason acts we've already filmed it
well it's too late to suggest the
Halloween movies were doing now we've
we've we've done them net went when it
comes to next year start requesting like
late September early October but we
should be able to hear this
oh yeah you need to hear well just just
a little bit just don't people saying
don't think you know pew pew pew pew pew
pew
can they hear it I don't think they can
hear it rich there's no there's no audio
coming through I don't know why I'm
sorry
I don't know how to fix this great way
we have changed we changed something
like what source it was using it's a
weird way there we go
now turn it down a little bit okay great
great great guy yeah we're working on
the game why you paused Oh cuz you're
you all tab down should be back in okay
which one am I you're 2000 I hate oh
yeah it's been a while since I've like
done split screen okay I'm top of your
bottom I'm top of britches bottom
options No whoa you know what Harold
what mouse settings key bindings yeah
just go the WASD I guess okay all right
just escape oh it's a down on yours
actually have to go to resume mail
actually you know what here yeah yeah
yeah Oh key binding this I'm just gonna
do this real quick oh sure okay I go to
my oh I can't go to my options I will
turn on the subtitles while rich does
his key bindings boom boom boom great
yeah you do don't you invert what the
controller oh I did my mind's already
inverted so it's fine I think it
remembers my settings which is crazy
which is a like I said I agree that
overall the Microsoft System was that
was a pain in the button but it's kind
of nice because it remembers all my
settings and remote like I like the idea
of not like I would use it very often
but I like the idea of like oh I'm
starting the game on my xbox over here
and I'm finishing it on a computer in
another state that's neat
if meet the same okay ah alright we're
gonna have here uh TC Brady 133 says hey
Statler and warlord Waldorf Statler and
Waldorf sorry I'm so late to the stream
I was great Thank You TC Brady uh
gobbledygook says hey rich isn't it your
birthday soon and speaking of drinking
did you get the Jerry dos Feliz dad a
level feliz dia de los muertos yes we
didn't get that thank you the wonderful
fruit sodas Jerry dos that's all fine
all right okay there we go
oh yeah moving why is the character
moving when I'm not moving all right
you're on the bottom you on the bottom
dog
it's gonna vary over that
ah yeah ah shoot the guys he
shooting that guys shooting that guys
Hey hi I'm shooting here you bastard
thank you
you know what I've always liked the the
little reload thing yeah yeah but if
you're if you're paying attention you
can reload faster that's nice isn't the
Rum Pum usually the same as the cover
button uh it is for me you have to hold
the download
isn't it early everybody this from me
nuts ok number I'm take her is Jack
shooting the guys yeah I was shooting
the guys it was gray like I'm gonna
shoot the guys I'm the guy shooter
that's what they call me the guy shoot
they'd take oh those can be the same
button yeah that's why I'm improbable
trouble alright alright No alright that
was so weird
I'm used to gears having the everything
button I guess you can invite it so it's
not the everything button you can do
whatever you want to do boom where are
you
that's right right there good to see if
I could I did I'm the freaking I'm the
freaking prereq gravy train Jack what
not you just your character
I'd never shoot you unless you really
piss me off then I think about it then I
think about a Gears of War inspired
theoretical fights yes either one I
would rather play vanquish to beg which
is an excellent cover based cover based
shooter that encouraged you to almost
never use cover yes it is a little yes
the PC version has split screen it is
it's a little tough playing this after
playing doom yeah
this gym is so much better because Doom
is like so much better at everything
and even though it doesn't say a fucking
word and also has a more interesting
main character yep you're already doing
it I'm Way ahead of you jacket way shit
way ahead of you that's fun
Gears of War inspired theoretical fights
who wins
Tarzan vs 50 zombies Tarzan 50 zombies
Tarzan he's up in the trees mother 50
zombies zombies can't climb trees no but
wait Tarzan's asshole stands up at the
trees of foods up in the trees final
throw coconuts and cracker crusher man
dead zombies that Tarzan zombies will be
flip see shit um
hit the button jack hit the button uh oh
shit sorry oh setting is Wisconsin and
Tarzan knows of zombies constant then
zombies winner if Tarzan doesn't have
all the trees to swing around in in the
jungle then he's fucked that's his
that's his superpower he has all the
trees what season is it if it's winter
Tarzan wins easily if he's smart enough
to wear a coat presumably Tarzan would
figure out where cook presumably yeah
he's got problems if he wants to run
around naked in the snow but it looks
like if it's February Tarzan in a
landslide victory over zombies we will
be frozen solemn right
and did open up on come on so yeah
season is important but I think like he
loses so much of his tree he won't need
it in the winter advantage in Wisconsin
won't need it he just has to walk up to
a frozen solid zombie and hit it that's
can it will shatter he's good guys or
bad guys
boom explosions boom hold on wait I'm
hurt I need to just hang out and cover
for a little bit and there we go oh I'm
coming I'm coming up for someone else
gotcha oh shit I'm down too rich I'm
down - yeah that's great that's great
I'm fine okay
I got this I got this I know it's up
grade I can't do shit
I can do shit rich let's look at this
oh you guys are my team David in David
and no people says hey guys first tip
and hopefully more to come question what
is the most fucked up video you have
gotten lol streudel my noodle most
fucked up video we've gotten no you've
seen all the ones we've watched it's
true what do you think the most
fucked-up one is probably the the
hypnosis rape one yeah that one's pretty
fucked up use the turret
we've walked all the exploding barrels
around oh it's uh it's very possible
hey things explode I like it you know
when you shoot things and things explode
holy shit my cover
yeah hit the Elsa the revenge video is
really fucked up no that one's great
that's fucked up man oh shit oh is that
you hold on I'm coming I'm coming
gonna die yourself why don't you take
cover nope I'm dead
well I'm not then don't worry
we did it
TCE Brady 1 3 3 Jack my last no donation
was not true it was a reference to the
new best of the worst
oh ok sorry we filmed that months ago at
this point and and also I it was delayed
due to Mike working on the the Star Wars
video deployed also I was not there to
film that and I haven't seen it yet
because it came out today and I was I
was out today and so what TC Brady said
is I I'm sorry I'm so like this dream I
was wanking and choking myself with a
bionic arm fuck my vaginal fat fold
which I just thought was a weird thing
that they were saying and so I decided
not to read it but apparently that is a
reference to the best of the worst
episode no the fat fold the today no
choking Wesley's ones from I'm wanking
and choking myself with a bionic arm
oh uh future die for Skyy oh I didn't
see that no there you go so basically
what's happening in the story of Gears
of War right now is this is the lady
who's in charge of the the new world and
she's recounting all of the heroics of
the past and that's what they're using
as a tutorial and a recap yeah a
tutorial and recap is all the heroics in
the past so he plays these different
people for all the different gears games
we're just fine
boys gonna need protection
yeah that's what I only shocked oh that
one I didn't have it equipped and I
wanted him
soldier secure that hammer we've got the
hammer
and help me thank you blow up the alien
and blow up the alien blow up the alien
I don't have I'm out of aliens is what
bitch that's good that's good
that's what yeah oh here they come oh
shit
that
right there okay all right so uh what's
gonna what's happening blowing up things
having a great time great sure are you
on our team
oh yeah
whoa Lucia I wanna pawn shop
I would like a moon shot - that sounds
like it would be a fun weapon plus we
got over here I'm just gonna be over
here while you take care of that turn
otherwise is theoretical or Gears of War
inspired theoretical battle setting
Forrest Batman which is no bad car plane
or sub versus transformer Optimus Prime
what people say the weirdest fucking
shit yeah also like what
hey you
gotcha we got you
fellow cog we have you
whoa whoa net who dead yes in yo face in
you is this an ironic unfunny Starship
Troopers kind of uh out of curiosity I
did notice that was I was at the target
the other day and they had the the gears
1 through 3 HD remaster yeah so I did
purchase that as I would like to play a
little bit of the first gears again I'd
like to play it on PC they got the first
one on PCs I have two and three oh okay
you know like just to play a little bit
of it just to cuz I remember really like
it's the same thing and it's the same
thing just with Marcus Peter was instead
of characters weren't awful right and
that's what I think that's what I
remember yeah I remember shooting the
aliens with Marcus Marcus Fenix I don't
really remember possibly in like the
second game better enemy types more
varied anytime at least so far but I'm
played the campaign no I'm gonna help
them
years and fears oh god what a horrible
accent Jay saw you buy yeah get out
there Wow comes now
also do you have any chimneys to sweep
let me know what the hell are you I'm up
the stairs already where are you
what stairs there's stairs what stairs
oh shit there's stairs man there's just
a wall they go oh ladder there's stairs
or ladders sorry yeah you're right
shooting aliens
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo oh my god I hate her
so much
are you blowing me buy me you know that
is control and I need any way to get the
biscuits wrong
get the moon I don't go I'm going I'm
going hard I'm going part nope then do
it you give me some help
yeah it tastes my chainsaw bitch I like
I always like are you I'm on the other
side already
no where are you shit
fall down a lot no cities cuz I want to
change how this guy and I'm not worrying
about shooting him cuz I love chains on
people that's so much fun
we'll have a big trip huh Victoria oh I
should I use that huh I don't think it
really matters though this is just you
know little balls that are coming up huh
they're climbing up
oh sure but I think this is like one of
those this yeah it's just we don't need
to go on the third story could still
survive just a showpiece just a
showpiece
oh yeah
yeah that's part of like action fatigue
of this is I'll take this over
unchartered any fucking day of the
goddamn week because it go oh Jesus
Christ this is actually a motherfucking
game well that's a whole different
argument man I'll take a lot over gear
or over uncharted I'll take a whole lot
over uncharted let's see here game child
ooh cases finally washed each tar on
Friday honestly it's pretty mediocre
film like Jay said I'm stream a little
while ago the parts I anticipated and
laughed at were parts from the trailer
thanks our alum that was my favorite
part of the gate reviews I won't call
back
I haven't yet you ain't seen the review
now oh well then I won't tell you what
the callback is baby Yaga la la
PlayStation VR is amazing the Batman VR
game is an incredible experience
hopefully you guys will get the chance
to try something hopefully I can only
have I can only hope
Oh God
what's wrong justjust just struggling
with every fiber of my being to keep my
eyes open are you predicting a short
stream I don't know we're gonna hope I'm
what I'm really hoping is my adrenalin
picks up and I become a little loopy
yeah yeah which is what I think is gonna
happen God look at him look at him oh
sorry wait give him a second because of
the symbolism rich visual symbolism
uh-huh some boggle what the human race
how we change we change and we evolved
due to harsh conditions I think it's
supposed to be oh it's also about the
locusts - man it changed its fine
symbolism look I'm more concerned about
the shitty characters who were just
bland
we're Nathan flake we have Nathan flake
we have Nathan flake and black guy and
ethnic girl and ethnic girl really just
girl her ethnicity has nothing to do
with her character and we have and we
have drunk man with beard Han bozo black
guy girl and drunk
who would want in a fight jack or a beer
the beer isn't one of his favorite
brands but it's okay and it's across the
room this is a ton of mousetrap so wait
do I win if I drink the beer or does the
beer win if I drink the beer I don't
know when
then I win okay great thoughts on you e
bowls interesting approach to directing
video game movies I have never seen
everything about in his films and you
shouldn't either
that's their tech scam I'm sure they're
terrible the tax scams why would you
watch them you don't need to you don't
need to think about it you don't need to
watch him I don't even think he's made a
movie about a game I care about some
double reason not to wash they Bowl yeah
yep where'd he do who leave a bowl he
did a postal movie yeah don't care he
did did he do the blood rain movies I
want to say no and he and that's all the
movies I could name that I think he did
investment scams rich get it right oh
sure yeah like a producers ask we sell
the people and then make a bomb so who
are you I'm oh your girl Am I I'm not
doing anything right now huh
I'm currently not able to do anything
look it's it's on me look at that look
at this what is it that you're gonna
this is locked on me
look at this I see don't shoot me oh
wait now you're out of it okay now it
now can you run I'm jet my hands are up
in the air yeah but can you move now you
know you're no longer focused on me yeah
okay now you can now wait that is so I
am you can't move there we go oh that
was weird
why was she focused on you I don't know
hey head for that crate
yeah this part this is forced the
extreme weather and the lightning this
is this is some uncharted bullshit right
here yeah the fake sense of this isn't
like the whole game like oh right I'm
not I'm not terribly down on the game so
far I'm very down on the characters
charters nothing but that right and I'm
very down on the pacing I think the
pacing is a little off
any thoughts on shin Godzilla just saw
yesterday I'm excited to see it
I like old Godzilla movies but I haven't
seen it I don't get out much
this is our first time playing it on
stream we've we both played it a little
bit yeah and we're doing co-op on
streaming yeah test up the co-op just
stop the cap let's see here
you know you good dudes never got past
massive uncharted 4 to Tori right for
four hours four hours in six-hour game
yep bite my ass rich what you yell aids
and oh my god and people think it's
funny yeah however do you think it's
funny
yes I wouldn't do it great also the
recent best the worst episode looked
like some really fucking awful movies
yeah there were but what I'm so awful it
apparently it nearly completely erased
itself from my brain but by the way
that's the point of the show I don't
know I don't know like how a lot of
people like make that comment like man
those movie seems really bad it's like
that's we try to find
bad movies and watch them we don't wait
a gem last night we did we did we I mean
we had at one we had a gem yeah - we had
not a bad movie Oh No
so no no what I'm saying is two out of
the three were pretty alright the one
the one was something special
no it wasn't well really wasn't as far
as badness but then the two the two was
great and then the furry was all right I
don't want to spoil it for you people
can you I was unable to run yet oh whoa
oh god i teleported rich really because
you went through you went through the
tunnel i teleported god damnit game we
gotta be I'm gonna try to be far behind
see if I teleport again I'll watch your
back I'll watch your six okay
by the way Jack I don't know how I feel
about being a character that is pretty
likely going to be your love interests
hey I gotta say oh because your girl
yeah
yeah I got some very bad feelings about
that it's very likely that you'll be my
love interest but it hasn't happened yet
then you say it but you say it Jack I'm
sorry yeah I'm just gonna check out over
here you kick down that door let me see
if i teleport no teleported
well there we go
and I teleported don't be so homophobic
how's that homophobic which is saying
he's not sexually attracted to me yes
that's that's robic that's just called
not being a homosexual there's a
difference you know there's a difference
and like one it's not being homosexual -
it's not really surprising come on
rich has taste rich s and rich has taste
and standards so let's be honest oh
whatever doesn't matter did you I'm just
making jokes about the love interest can
I switch characters can you I'm gonna
I'm going to assume somebody has to be
Nathan flame Oh probably you could be
Nathan flake I'll be the girl I being a
girl
great so they know we're here
yeah I'll get you far I don't need the
sam'l oh yeah okay charge ahead okay
nope I think I went the wrong way
totally what the wrong way
great I'm here go ahead I got your six
don't worry there's nothing back here
but those guys
whoa hey dickhead now let's see here one
thing I will give Gears of War props for
they still offer split split screen
co-op in 2016
yeah yeah and you know what that's nice
oh you gotta you go you know what that
is very nice and Stedman stem and head
cuz you know that works stabbing a robot
in the head well it's microprocessor
there I don't know why it would that's a
silly place to put it you can put it on
the world protected chest cavity but in
fact why would you need a head why would
you need a head right now you know maybe
you want them to look human because like
that that inspires confidence in in
citizens you know like as a police force
as a protection force these things
most games seem to have gutted it as a
PC gamer it's one of the few things
consoles have over pcs at the moment I
mean like I agree I would love some more
split-screen co-op it's one of the
things consoles have it Rapinoe we're
playing this on PC right we are playing
this on a pc currently yes and this is
Windows 10 and there are a lot of PC
games that do have same screen co-op we
played that uh that really fun ascension
game that was the one where we like had
arrows something ascension towerfall oh
yeah towerfall ascension that was fun
that was a fun game after doom doesn't
this whole regenerating health thing
feel like this shit oh god no like
what's worse than bullshit it feels
cheap yeah it does it does I'm playing
for 4 hours ok I'll sit for hours sure
died once yeah yeah and I've died a few
times as we get later on as we get into
different enemy types I've died but like
it never feel like the victories never
feel earned it's always just like oh
this time I knew to wait a little bit
longer but there are moments where you
think I did some cool shit sometimes
that's the point yeah sometimes I feel
like I did cool shit hold on I need some
ammo
here we go
ammo for my gun there oh whoa hi I
forgot teleporters again I'm sorry I'm
just racing ahead
no and that's fine to get to the point
it's great it's just momentarily very
confusing
really
right
No
robutts
and you know what robots just aren't as
fun to fight as a lines as alien
monsters that's just a fact it's more
fun it's more fun to slice up aliens
than it is to shoot robots
tintin tintin tintin tintin tintin
tintin tintin
what orders oh those things
mutters doors I think the things Jack
put the ball at the balls oh shit we got
balls with that who dat who dat oh shit
Lou they can get away with more Gore
with robots no you have no Gore with
robots I don't know if that was a joke
or if that was like trying to say that
like they're like Robo blood is door
that might have been a joke that sounds
a lot like a joke
and that jump over that jump over that
fire and I'm not gonna Amal for the
stupid gum yeah great what gun do you
have the sniper rifle you can get ammo
here in this thing yeah they got a
animal from there didn't refill the
sniper rifle yeah I'm sorry
let's see here bot space cop says
anonymous and watch it listen to the
commentary thought it was interesting
interesting who was involved with the
writing editing the scripts and does rlm
have another full feature in the works
you know we all talked about the film
was gonna have micro the script yeah
yeah but we all brainstormed and by all
you mean you Jane mostly me jmi yes yeah
yeah so I'm like as far as like editing
the script goes I don't know if there
was like an official like like I don't I
can't imagine like the folks they you
guys wrote the full script and then like
showed it to someone to be a you know
halo would you do like that you didn't
get notes on it or nothing right yeah
because you know he's making as far as
your other feature in the works not not
at the moment
mmm-hmm not to say there won't be ever
but not at the moment is that way
do I even brainstorm you know like a lot
of times when I mean I brainstorm when
I'm on set yeah but I don't like I'm not
involved in any of the writing writing
but a lot of times oh yeah if I'm on set
it's like oh this is the bit we're
thinking about doing and I'll try to add
in where I feel it's acceptable I think
I think it was I was part of the
brainstorm session for the Len as stunt
double bit in space Scott yeah which i
think is a fine bit like and and you
know like we knew that Len was coming
into town and we knew they knew that
they wanted to get him in space cop and
so there was a brainstorm session as far
as like how can we fit Len into the
movie and I want to say I might have
thrown out the idea to have him be the
obvious stunt double well Jack now this
that hold bits been ruined why
let's not everyone's seen the film it's
been out long enough you know what it's
been out fucking long enough we're
talking about it
they've had that they've had their
they've had their spoiler chance rich
I'm by the way because you don't really
die you can pretty much get picked up
yeah someone I'd take more chances than
I know I should yeah I'll be fine
oh yeah yeah like I said later on you
run into one enemy in particular that is
almost an insta-kill and so you have to
actually play it a little carefully I
demand my future money back I'm sorry
I'm sorry if I if I've spoiled it for
anyone I've spoiled one joke for you and
then there's like there's a little bit
at the end of that scene that I helped
brainstorm kind of me you know the
ending to that so it's like here and
there but only when I'm on set
whoa
a lot of bullets for like my gun that
actually does damage at a distance these
little machine gun things aren't bad
yeah I use my handgun for a little bit
good for some headshots
there we go to hear a jack they cut your
best improv when you were blowing on the
oh yeah oh yeah well that's the other
thing is like when when I'm acting and
stuff like I'll improvise a lot and yeah
there was a ton of improv when I was the
the deaf alien oh yeah yeah just and you
know it was it was funny so they kept
rolling on a lot of it that's all on the
DVD though which you know that's not
wasted no yeah it's it's that's good
bonus material the the other bit is the
the patent bit the person you hear
off-camera is me and and so you know
like Mike wrote the script but then
patent wanted to riff a little bit yeah
and you know as when we said no are we
absolutely not absolutely not we think
we know better than you yeah but you
know so we were there and you know Mike
and Jay were directing and I was just
kind of there because I was the the
in-between between him and Funny or Die
where we shot it and he started like
riffing as if he wanted someone to
bounce off of and no one was kind of
jumping on it so I like I started
riffing with him and said like all the
stuff at postscript is just me and him
bouncing off of each other so there's
and those are the two the three parts of
space cap that I had any involvement in
writing I actively tried to get Mike to
change the script for the patent bin
yeah because because I thought it was a
horrible bad joke for anyone who's seen
space cup everyone thought that was a
bad joke yes except for Mike except for
Mike and so we're printing out the
script the day before we meet patent and
it's the first time I've read it and I
say Mike this is this isn't the bit and
he goes no this is hilarious this is
this is it this is the bit I said no
that's a horrible joke that is that's
gonna be embarrassing and he's like no
Patton's gonna make it work and it's
like Mike can we think of maybe an
alternative like just something else
just in case this doesn't work in
editing because I think this is a really
bad joke Oh Mike's like nope
this is the joke this new subscriber yes
that that joke I actively tried to push
Mike against not using that joke
everyone hated me
everyone everyone hated it Patton
wouldn't when he first came up with that
I'm really I don't
yeah like I'm the set for my end we shot
my my half of that first right Jayde you
know sir I'm gonna do it I'm gonna
terrible it's terrible I'm gonna do it
but you know we're not gonna use that
Jay right right
the the Patton rich back and forth joke
in Space Camp
it's a terrible joke and you know Patton
is a professional and a good comedian
and he does sell it a bit like and he
went full hog with that joke Wow
which is great was he let down when he
read that no like you know he read this
great he read the script what you read
you know two minutes before we put him
on camera yeah he read the script and
he's like oh yeah I get what you'd like
he understood the joke right away he
understood what Mike was going for and
he's a professional this is the script
I'm gonna read the script and make it as
funny as possible yeah there is no
bickering because he's a goddamn
professional what are we going what do
you think oh yeah but not this way
oh wait oh yeah he did his best what
joke if you've seen space cop
I guess I've already ruined one bit so I
might as well ruin this one
there's a back-and-forth with patent and
rich in which rich says can you hear me
now
like the Verizon guy used to say in
those commercials that are eight years
old at this point and and patent starts
laughing like oh I remember that and
then rich goes was in Pavan there's a
little back and forth and the punchline
is those jokes never get old but they
they completely do and I thought it was
a really a really bad joke but you know
at the end of the day not my call I did
my part I spoke out against it
and that's all you can do that's all I
could do at that point did we miss your
tip no we just hate you we chose which
is not to read it yeah we've been
actively not reading you're a jerk
thank god damn it give me up I've got to
bounce slightly differently that I
haven't home
oh sure mess something up but I don't
feel like pausing sure the game again -
stop it
house I'm convinced I hit you up first
since my pardon not if you died I guess
I'm getting up we both blow up now I can
think I was close I can take a hit I
could take the hit
uh let's see here about space cap yep
anonymous jacket rich have you guys ever
played and as he still here bet that was
cool and ylim by Patrick why is he still
here that's so that's when it started
the ad-lib yeah is it oh god he's still
here what's he doing there and like
that's what I like I felt like he was
asking for a little back and forth yeah
yeah I know how do I turn this up so you
have to swipe swipe the screen you just
wipe off the screen yeah swipe the
screen oh god I can't believe he still I
mean I'm just gonna walk away do you
think he's gonna move how sad yeah
that's great all great all great
oh great COO that all right all right
just gonna have them over here I think
they come off from different places
sooner or later weapon out
I miss the tip hold on
Oh chef wasting bolts
wasting goddamn bullets
for the worst robot design ever are they
are they the least interesting looking
robot you've ever seen yes yeah it's
kind of bland vaguely human looking
nothing necessarily fun or interesting a
fun robotic walking animation they walk
like normal people yeah
