Episode 660
Hide and Seek (Dead by Daylight)
November 16, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5oYTr2bDRqc
___________________________________________

it's very it's spooky out today it's
it's like Halloween season spooky out
yeah it's like a little foggy a little
chilly depressing a lot wet a lot wet
yeah that's not so spooky it's it's not
quite rain just kind of like a Miss
everywhere right that's spooky
that's spookier than rain I suppose does
that thing work did we does this game
work with a controller well we're
playing dead by daylight which is
basically it sounds like the Friday the
13th game you know beating the Friday
the 13th game to the punch press the
space key and just hitting any buttons
on that do anything no all right
it was hitting the space cake so I don't
think this is useful
can you do anything no no god damn it
wait till we get into them yeah turn
them on hello everybody.welcome hello
do we have game audio this music sounds
like it's from the shining oh yeah we
did get the controller you got the
Michael Myers DLC alright oh there we go
boom boom do we want what can you
control can you all right can't do
anything
hold on maybe I needed a hit like except
or some shit like that
where's scroll down where's plight oh my
god hit buttons good wait did I do
something nope
settings controls controller maybe if
you double click reset defaults no um
it's a quick play being control how does
it accept oh wait I also go over to
killer
okay that's still on the killer its
settings again now go to controls hey go
do it
yep that saved it I wish today yep great
how come when I hit buttons I didn't do
nothin here the wrong buttons I only
make these controllers with so many
buttons these days I know darn darn
technology these kids wait did it go
back is it going back every time I
lightly touch the mouse oh is that the
problem I think that might be the
problem
ok safely down I put safely down can hit
the green repeatedly no nothing just
stick move anything nope okay so now go
down and hit settings and it should stay
now J should be able do stuff oh did I
do that are you nothing I hate
everything this is lame the broken can
the the broken controls says just as guy
you know are part of the whole is I'm so
scared isn't it making you uneasy B
button okay okay
I did something so now do nothing else
seems nothing else seems to work great
no I don't want to quit but I can't
change it
fuck my ass well I bet this would have
been a really fun game this seems like
it would have been a really great time
rich can they hear the game I don't know
right now oh you know I'm more worried
about getting this to work well why
don't you just start in there or start a
game with the mouse and keyboard and
then we can probably change it in-game
all right let's get past tutorials let's
get past the main man let's get past the
main menu because I feel like we can do
that are you doing this I'm not doing an
ting
oh this is neat
slashing twice this is a cool
environment yeah rich can you turn the
volume down a little bit
thank you uh put survivors on a meat
hook but we're not actually doing any of
this yet no this is just showing us
things I like it classic prereq says
machine gun savvy after a year of
streaming they still have startup issues
I wouldn't have it any other way
hey we're good it's not my fault the
game doesn't want to stick to a
controller also we're we're like over
two years now you know which makes it
even worse we're still having problems
well this isn't really your problem
though this is the game being stupid
Michael Myers is on this right I should
be oh did we download the deal we did we
bought the DLC did we download the DLC
why don't you stick to the thing wait
till you start and then do it but that's
stupid I mean I guess you could yeah go
back then you're not wait wait you are
go to create a lobby it won't stick it
won't there it is oh there we go
something happen
okay great can use menus with the
controllers but J we're the reason we're
sticking with the controller is because
that's what J is comfortable with yeah
and you want to play the spooky game
with J I know it so I'll just do menu
shit that's right quick plan we'll try
and get into a fucking match and see
what freaking happens yes
there's gonna be teamwork team works
anymore just to get the game started
properly right you can use a controller
only in game so it's one of those
partial controller support games or the
developer like oh yeah you can use
controllers but not all the time that
seems really dumb yeah well you know
small dev teams not a lot of money not a
lot of time to make the game that's
apparently you're a victim all right hi
that's whatever I still can't do
anything well I think we're waiting for
a game to start oh they all look like
Eugene Levy this guy's want pizza yeah
beats it I get it we're just waiting for
someone else to enter yes this is a it's
a multiplayer thing so we have to wait
for other people to play waiting for one
more victim we're brothers that's not
proper English are you are you upset
about the missing apostrophe are you a
grammar nazi I'm not but we're brother
or no maybe one of them died so they
awarded they were broke well you're
still even if your brother dies he's
still your brother he doesn't stop being
related to you oh maybe they were
stepbrothers and their parents got
divorced okay we were brothers I'll
accept it okay or maybe maybe they it's
not they didn't miss the apostrophe -
missed an H and they're wondering where
or where their brother their brothers
you're starting on multiplayer without
showing him controls on campaign or
something is there a campaign look we
just got the game like a ten minutes ago
would you say it was ten minutes oh five
minutes ago like it finished downloading
and we hit start stream so listen this
is a trial by fire for Jay it's gonna be
great it's gonna be hilarious for you
guys to watch I like to just jump right
into the deep end of the pool jumping
right in jumping right in
do we want a light song oh yeah it's
very harsh in here super harsh in right
whoo that's much more appropriate spooky
lighting there we go now we are
spooktacular
camera still look all right great no
campaign multi only all right great
so whoever said that was dumb was one of
the white brother no I don't know Hey
look I can't do anything
you're in the suffocation pit oh I can
point there we go no I had no idea what
I'm supposed to be doing great well
you're supposed to be high not die
apparently uh I think I saw that you can
like pick up traps and set traps for the
killer I'm very good at pointing oh well
good
are there other things you can do
Oh sound good how do I run try the
different buttons
I'm trying oh there we go damn you
Michael Myers can you like squirm oh you
again wiggle-wiggle-wiggle lipstick just
the left stick
oh he's gonna put you in his creepy
basement and hit that repeatedly that
one or hold it down I guess right yeah
I'm dead nope ah come on make me did
something happen oh my god Wow
Jesus Wow well and lasted five seconds
five seconds longer than you lasted last
time listen we made it past the menu and
so I'm protecting
all right let's leave and let's look at
the tutorial to see how you're supposed
to you're supposed to play as a survivor
I want to be Michael Myers everyone will
survive if I'm Michael Myers other
people are there people in the chat who
have this game who I'm Steam friends
with they have time to find it while
we're while we're learning the tutorial
because then we can just create a custom
game oh look at that it's go to the main
menu back back back
alright tutorials
the killer tutorial how to win so you
kill the people yeah how to hunt look
for the location of the generators
patrol the generators you will find
survivors why so that's a nose indicator
okay okay and I really you when they're
fired survivors have to be there when it
happens
oh are the survivors do the survivors
have to like light all the generators it
seems like it might be it all right
follow the scratch is cool
that's footprints alright alright
look I think it's fun
okay uh how to find the sure yeah we'll
go through and go through them all
check inside closet survivors love to
hide and
well that was effective it's a tutorial
range we will turn up the game volume
after we're done watching this
it does seem weird that it's it's a
video tutorial inside the game and not
just uh I know like a like a fake level
yeah you know why they probably don't
have any kind of AI to do a tutorial
with sure sure
okay quick quick sound adjust quick
sound adjust is there a creepy clown DLC
not that we know of but hey anything's
possible pointer I think we can do less
about I'll be quite honest with you
because of the weird wonky yeah controls
of the game so the pointer just might be
on-screen super sorry about that like
when the video happens we can move the
pointer out this way watch this stop
playing this we watch this game ever
watching this again you can't skate I
can't Wow hey dead by daylight just just
a little bit more refinement make game
better like 10% more refinement like let
me leave the video so is everybody doing
they're all they're all doing fantastic
that's time are you guys oh how are you
doing alright good that better
busy busy working I've been editing you
know working on some spooky stuff way up
oh nice working on project Hornet
hashtag hashtag project Hornet
I have been working on hashtag project
for noon and I need to say this out loud
for everyone you know on Sunday as a
recap for other people we asked our
viewers if anyone was good at technical
drawings or like 3d visualization
because we need to help with our hashtag
project Hornet and I got so many emails
and apparently our viewers are
incredibly talented smart folk good
thank you thank you everyone and it just
makes me feel like a big big dummy like
I'm an engineering student a doctoral
thesis on making search for the
generators flashing lights will guide
you ok how are the generators
escaped level up alright how to stay
alive
don't let the killer get you don't look
like Eugene Levy faster it beats closer
as a heartbeat it's important
if to figure out the Crouch button is I
figured it out I forgot now I figured
out by just mashing on all the buttons
oh yeah and you can like pull down shit
use windows ok great
how to help others fuck others we're
just wearing this for us we will watch
the things
yeah we're downloading the game while we
watch the things it makes sense what's
happening yeah sure
so in any case we I've contacted some
people who who seem to be interested in
helping us out with hash tag project
Hornet and and we're moving forward
which is very very exciting and maybe
one of these days I will I can let
everyone know what a hash tag project
Hornet is hashtag brother corner
I'm starting the social media buzz
already
all right are we ready to go we all
ready to go be a killer be a killer all
right how do we switch our killer
level level one we can we not play as
Michael Myers right like right off the
bat or something oh no Michael Mayer
showed up when I was the victim open
menu or like person do you see the
person head - what's open menu daily
rituals okay go to open menu
I need like it like it like a 2d
side-scroller or I just walk around and
I go what and I hacked P there you go
there is alright the shape yeah all
right
waiting for for more victims great great
waiting for victims where we hear it's
or otherwise is good evening gentlemen
do you have any plans on releasing a
commentary on Bandcamp again I love the
crap out of them enjoy the metal-rich
Jack you are fucking gun nut be well
gents we are gun nut I am gonna you are
metal any any commentaries there will be
more in the in the foreseeable future
invite friends and nothing happens why
does nothing happen when I invite
friends we don't have any friends we're
all here they know that Michael Myers
doesn't have any friends
yeah Jay says qui 42 what is the more
terrible sequel Highlander 2 or Exorcist
2 or is this a grueling best of the
worst episode just waiting to happen i
I've never seen Highlander 2 so I can't
comment on that you can't invite friends
in regular game you have to probably
like make your own game
escape out of that shit leave lobby as
for Exorcist - we might have some things
to say about that at some point in the
future
hmm how do we make our own game then
what do we do how do we do this escape
again kill with your friends ah kill
your friend kill kill with our friends
nope
can we play that pumpkin game we can't
play that okay
this seemed like a this is a really
great idea yeah it shouldn't be this
complicated I know the the game in
general has kind of mixed reviews and a
lot of a lot of people say that the
hardest the worst thing about this game
is finding a match yeah
and that's true for any multiplayer game
a multiplayer game is only as good as
the people you play with I can't even
get into the steam menu from here the
shift-tab red shift tab right to get to
the steam overlay oh I probably have
disabled because of you know because I
don't want achievements to pop up or
whatever oh are you an offline mode oh
no Bob online online see let's get that
overlay on unless you don't want it on
it's your call
no it's fine fine where do we where is
that steam probably stating is probably
okay you know what I'm gonna say
Highlander - I've seen all I'm very even
I've never even watched all the first
Highlander what I've tried multiple
times and it starts and there's that
Queen music and the wrestling and
already like I'm out and you're already
I'm so the in this is the greatest movie
ever
yeah I think visually it looks ugly I
think I've X true like maybe cuz what is
it there's the wrestling match and then
he's in like the parking lot he fights
somebody there yep and I was like this
looks terrible I always give up I've
tried I've tried multiple times to watch
it and I just can't get into that
Highlander that's fair you know what
that's fair that's fair it should be
enabled right enables steam overlay well
in game okay okay great
rich and it's still not here but why
isn't it here do I need to turn on and
off the game give that a try why not
alright Jay I'm looking for a good
horror movie for Halloween I want
something to scare my pants off
I don't like torture porn and the more
supernatural the less scared I get what
do you got nothing scares me anymore
I'll tell you what made my skin crawl a
little bit as a movie from a few years
ago called Lake Mungo it has a slight
supernatural element to it but it's very
very subtle and low-key and it actually
gave me goosebumps and parts which
movies never do any more Lake Mungo Lake
Mungo that's a really silly name wait is
that the right name alright so how do we
invite people that we have that I got a
look it up make sure I'm thinking of the
right movie
all right like junk head it says like
Mungo is good yes I'm thinking in the
right movie okay that's very very suck
kill your friends which to me is
creepier okay I think that's a fine
recommendation and it's one that not a
lot of people have seen I could
recommend the Exorcist or whatever but
everybody's seen it alright
how are we inviting people huh I guess
they should have to be playing this game
they probably have to be playing this
game so if you are friends with me on
Steam which a lot of people are start
playing oh there we go there's a dead by
daylight one one I just shows you people
that have the game well this is how
showing all of my friends who are online
right now you've got a lot of friends
Jeff I have a well they're digital if
you have this game on the steams this is
the time to turn the game on come and
play with us we need someone to play
well we need more players games twenty
bucks you get to have you get to be
killed by Jay balban no you paid 20
bucks for this I tried to talk him out
of it no we paid more we paid $26
because we wanted the the Michael Myers
the Michael Myers DLC I'm so sorry
yeah you know right I it's a business
expense oh yeah there you go
so no my god just one yeah just give him
a second let's see here rich while we
wait Star Trek question for the ACE I
assume you're the ACE just finished a
binge-watch of the original series
movies and this time I noticed that tud
Sulu and Kirk are never in the same room
is that because shat and Takei hate each
other it could be I don't know I don't
know if they I don't know if they really
hated each other until recently Shatner
didn't go to his wedding
oh yeah that was fairly recent yeah that
seems like a dick move oh you know what
they're all busy people sound like they
were split like like they're a small
group of friends you don't want to be
boys fusing block
you didn't go to me boys he hadn't he
had a reason for that though Danny
wasn't there like something that he he
couldn't get out of I thought I heard
something about that
hi but that's the thing is like those
guys start in a TV show 60 years ago
127 years ago they don't all have to be
best friends they're alive
well I got we got two people great are
we waiting for other people to find and
join us here or what yeah give him a
couple minutes couple more minutes
what it's probably more like moment just
thinking about how an actual television
show is produced is they were just
scheduled to film on different days and
that's how they kept costs down because
you know if you're if you're filming you
know one actor one day you don't want
the other actors you don't want to have
to pay the other actors just to hang out
and wait around I could tell you this
much at the time that were filming TOS I
don't think Sulu had that much clout oh
no he's like a bad he's a glorified
extra for the most part is the original
series was all Kurt McCoy and Scott
right right the other one else is
basically just set dressing right and so
that's one that's why I'm saying is like
okay we'll have the stasi in one day and
then everyone else another day so yeah
the stars can go home that's their day
off that's the day off Jay the really
the real van says you should check out
the bridge partner a short film just out
on Vimeo stars a drink
oh we Beth Grant Sharon Lawrence and
Robert Frost I know who Beth Grant is
okay it's written by Peter s beagle rich
he wrote CEREC on TNG yeah you've made a
short movie on great okay it's called
the bridge partner okay oh we got
another one oh no but she's gone look
she got too spooked she's too scared
I joined from oh and apparently you can
join from the prereq group Oh begging
you back the prereq group oh I think
we're ready
oh now for all of those who are going to
play no cheating
you can't see where J is cuz I then
they'll just know where to go well I
guess they'll see you like a 30 seconds
after you're there so that might just be
confusing for them okay you ready
alright go ahead what no wait wait
alright I gotta figure out how to play
now that might be helpful you can do it
Jay I believe in you also keep in mind
that Jay is not gonna know how to play
so if you know even I use the remote the
controller has so many fucking things on
it so so I have fun escaping Michael
Myers he's gonna be the lamest Michael
Myers of since Halloween six listen if
maybe one of you couldn't let Jay kill
you I think that my boat booster his
confidence a little bit just one it
doesn't you can't you know that you guys
can still win just let him meet hook one
of you okay Michael Myers doesn't meet
hook people get tonight okay okay so
remember you're looking for like
scratches in the grass what's the left
trigger do it's a stalk what happens
when you hit that I don't know all right
what is it doing you get drunk Oh vision
oh you got some kind of census that
you're right
oh that way there there's a guy there's
a guy
boom bottom way to go where'd it go oh
you missed Mike Myers you suck
jump Mike Myers Michael Myers wait now
you got to pick him up a meat hook them
do you have to do that I think so I
think it'd be cool how he's not dead yet
how do you pick him up right bumper Jay
doesn't know what a right bumper is what
above the right trigger
no that's oh there we go yeah I was
gonna say I tried that right there where
you're right the red glowing thing to
your right yeah what do you see that
it's like through the trees oh oh I
think you meant like okay yeah yeah okay
meat hook meat hook
thank you for letting Jake kill you now
what do I do
it's face the meat hook getting funny
well there's another prison all right
wait wait can I get her hanging right
button to hang
no no what happened she she smacked you
in the face oh you punk
kids I got yo did you run away he got
away but I slashed him in touch that's
why the meat hooks are important this is
bullshit I kind of like it I think this
is a great idea for a game I'd look
forward to the Friday the 13th one yeah
maybe that'll get a little more
community support it's gonna be as fun
as this one
dunt dunt dunt oh right there you're
right you're right you're right that way
that way that one oh my god they're all
over there all over that's all right
there they're setting up generators that
will Oh Oh scratch marks then they go to
dead-end oh go get um Michael Myers oh
this is spooky oh oh that's it spooky
dead-end you've been thwarted by a
combine
I'm so enthralled by what was going on I
over poured my damn drink oh and now I'm
stupid just now just now
hey yo where is everybody for probably
escaping hey captain dan is one of you I
think I know one you just want a meat
hook oh okay that way is there a button
to run Oh
yeah come here fuckos damn it I don't
pick up right butter right over the over
the right trigger the one over the right
trigger oh there we go alright now my
Needham I see you on up ahead
great oh oh there's one right there and
how do I get it on there right button to
hang it when you're close to it yeah
fucking die head in the barn and when
they come to get him down you know what
to do extra killed him do they get him
down those fuckers are fast any openings
though right but again it likes using
that right button yes I doubt anyone's
hiding in these but check
Oh
find the exit there to the exit
Wow I thought that was a person why does
it look like daytime in the studio I
don't know we don't have very many
lights on we actually shut off the light
yeah no there's nobody around well
they're all at an exit wherever that is
oh they're scratch marks over that way
nope oh damn it where'd they go
so you're right that way you gotta get
the hang of turning well I also gotta
get the hang of which oh no do they hit
me what
oh yeah there's something blocking your
way damn it
oh yes I don't remember which buttons to
hit to do it right so that makes it
difficult Jack you and rich should play
the rump game again
oh the rump game level again for two
hours with Jayde no whoa whoa you're the
killer I don't think you're allowed to
leave no we're not gonna play the rump
game again we're done with that game is
that oh yeah for the presidential oh oh
sure wish I could run well you're the
killer
I guess yeah Michael Myers doesn't run
killers don't know where they go oh you
hit a tree
ah yeah I think this person's fuckin
with entirely possible wait there we go
fuck with me there we go stab you and
get stuck behind a pile of hay I think
they got away oh no they got out sure
damn it no no we're not playing the rump
game ever ever again get down there yeah
ACA it has to get close enough and then
the little button prompt comes up hold
it hey I want to do it it won't do
anything I can't even move you broke it
Gabe broke it oh wow it's movin when the
things on the screen that says hang not
so minute it's quite possible this
broken game is broken it's yeah it gets
to a certain position and then it just
stops right different look try to run
all right go ahead glaze damn it hey
won't let me leave this one yeah you
dumb game okay there we go this person's
gonna get away that's one right there
I think they got away oh dear it that
was that wasn't my fault the thing
glitched the game is cheated all that
chi-chi's thinks there's a thing there
you go now they're halfway across the Oh
doesn't mean I didn't get a victory I
know that that's great that's great
Oh apparently the person disconnected
that was not a glitch oh oh okay so you
know maybe their internet went out then
yeah then the game said you can't hook
anyone you don't have anyone money in
your game and you still had someone not
my fault that I sucked at least this
time return to the lobby hey Jane yeah
what's the best movie you've seen this
year I watched the invitation recently
and thought it was good the invitations
okay my favorite movie this year is the
witch the bitch by far the village do
you do you want to try this again Jane
yeah all right now that I'm kind of
starting to get the hang of it a little
bit sort of all right so we just waiting
for people to join last night was
another work yeah and they did
eventually the way the witch and Swiss
Army man have you watched that yet
oh no oh sorry man all have things to
say about both of those in the future
how can they join Jack through the we
have a previously recorded steam group
okay if you're part of the previously
recorded steam group that you can join
okay
and so search for previously recorded
steam group if you own the game dead by
daylight dead by daily you also need to
have the game dead by daylight I thought
I thought I thought that was pretty
obvious
no I'm being a professional you know
lisa is a big Harry Potter fan yeah and
so I was trying to talk her into
watching Swiss Army man and she watched
the trailer and Swiss Army man for
anyone who doesn't know has Daniel
Radcliffe in it hair aka Harry Potter he
saw her as a corpse with a boner who
farts yes his boner functions as a
compass and see to me I'm so sold just
on that premise along and so Anna but
you know it's you want you to find
things to watch you gotta go hey this
got Daniel Radcliffe in it I can
guarantee if she watches that she will
love it okay it's it's a movie with a
lot of hearts and a lot of farts oh I'm
so excited I'm so excited to see it it's
it's really really good and the best
thing about it and this is about like I
would say this about the witch and a
bunch of other movies is here is that
dr. fector this is like the second time
Jay has used a controller if you knew
your Isaac himself with the controls
will not help that's true oh but I yeah
a lot of movies is here that feel like
somebody's vision like somebody had an
idea and they made a movie about that
idea which is a nice kind of breath of
fresh air it's it's it's so strange that
that is the quaint concept yeah you're
like oh oh yeah this person had had a
vision filmmakers can just do that they
don't have to be big studio pictures
with eight different producers maybe try
to invite someone again Richard what
maybe try to invite someone again
nevermind
we're good oh there's a dart ready oh I
had to click ready with them okay yeah I
won't let me we just need to do that
follow up Star Trek question rich hey
have you ever read the webcomic chief
O'Brien at work nope
it details the thoughts of O'Brien as he
stands by the transporter controls all
day he'd like to have beer oh yeah yeah
so chief O'Brien that's where he's some
crazy things go on around here but my
job is right here at the transporter I
hit the button I hope I never get
wrapped up in the kind of issues these
Yahoo's get wrapped up in that's what
chief O'Brien I can anything it off this
enterprise I'm getting a transfer to
Deep Space nine nice safe space station
all right Jay you gotta find some
people's two kills
you're right
Oh let's see here hey guys as tired and
sansa with the constant repetitiveness
of The Walking Dead
basic plot lines every season reveal
that zombie stories are inherently
limited in their narrative styles
they're not limited that show is limited
with its writing right there jj-just is
correct super all the time
zombies can be an avatar for just about
anything as far as like social
commentary and issues go yep
and the Walking Dead is boring as fuck
yep I have not cared to watch the season
premiere because I don't care about
those characters anymore that they've
gone through too many arcs they those
characters are complete in slash mothers
three of them get them all no I didn't
even slash that guy hey yeah get him on
a hook don't forget don't forget him to
a nearby one they'll just find him good
slash them there's another person too
yeah fuck you next person next person
turn around somebody's gonna go to
rescue her yep killer killer well damn
it come here mom jeans who do you think
you are those are just 70s jeans not a
sarahvani jeans Oh what happened they
run away so yeah like I like that your
ear can I get out of my my like where I
can actually see myself and not just be
my point of view no probably not
I prefer that I don't like it's harder
if we did like visualize visualize yeah
space would you rather play as a victim
no no one I hacked people so what you're
saying is if I understand you read that
you just want to kill our fans yeah yes
but more importantly he wants to watch
Michael Myers kill fans yeah it was more
to do with Michael Myers than anything
you want to watch the killer now go oh
you fucker I don't know how to get in
there windows are hard that's what we
learned at the via the tutorial trying
but I was in the wrong but the button
above the trigger our legs were in my
face Oh is Dirk gently's show on uh it
is I have not watched I have not seen it
I I guess here you know what here no no
does she get away yeah oh god damn it
that be right now I have a kind of a
thing going with max landis I have not
seen any of his movies particles good
ironical vehicles for like I've heard
good things about Chronicle just haven't
gotten around to seeing it oh there you
are again
it's always you
we're not winning a window again because
she's the distraction while they're
setting up all the generators Oh button
but I like I like Dirk gently's holistic
detective oh you can see the book I've
heard the series is not very close to
the book but I have not watched it oh
I'm not gonna go after that person
anymore
she's bugging me what no I don't just
I'm trying I'm not good at this
no I know damn it I I mean I I enjoyed
the intellectual I enjoy the property I
don't know if I would like the actual
series but well maybe we'll give it a
try maybe we'll give it a try let's see
here
do you consider Night of the Living Dead
well made in 68 to be the last of the
classic black and white of the last of
the black classic black and white film
era I love it it has lots I love it a
lot was the first black of my I feel my
son got me more into psycho and the
universal classics I would say it's not
the last of something I would say it's
the beginning of the modern horror age
it's in black and white but it's
incredibly gruesome and cynical and dark
in a way that the older films weren't
all right I like it I guess you could
call it like a bridge between the two
sure sure
now using the technology of all but in
the style of the new yeah great
disgraceful defeat you going again Jake
I want to say that Michael Myers looks
sad there I'll go one more time maybe
you want try I would have tried yeah
well give it a try I'll give it one more
chance
a Farren's would like to say J thanks
for the Dawn of the Dead review I never
knew it was a Zack Snyder film as it
felt like a movie instead of two-hour
long trailer shot collection I think
best movie so far it's definitely his
best movie I had I had so many issues
with that movie mostly because and I
probably told the story a million times
on streams using stock you can mark
survivors and they will stand out later
oh okay they that's not useful
I saw Zack Snyder's Dawn of the Dead
remake in theaters and like I enjoyed it
well enough like yeah that's fine it's
fine movie and then I bought the
director's cut DVD and before the movie
played a little exact Snyder popped up
and goes I'm so glad I got to make my
director's cut
this is truer to my vision of the film
end and this cut is a more personal cut
and it was just like a minute and a half
more of longer sex scene is the only
difference
that seems appropriate for Zack Snyder
though right something completely dumb
in Cotuit Asst yeah yeah but it just
made me it just made me hate him that's
where my hate of him started still his
best movie though I do like Watchmen by
the a300 I've actually never seen 300
interest what is that that's the thing
oh great it's a thing 300 is a movie
that makes sense with his style yeah
where it's it's over the top it's action
it's so it's such a simple story where
he can't fuck up anybody's character
you're saying you should stick to Frank
Miller stories he should yes he needs to
stick with dumb and simple I wouldn't
call watch him and um I wouldn't call
watching
his movie good well I'm talking about
Watchmen the the story is not dumb and
simple right and I think he did a bad
job oh I thought you were defending
Watchmen oh no no sorry are you talking
about that 300 is right boys the red
arrows like off of the side yeah
the 300 is dumbest in both nice and he
did a good job there when he tries to
tackle something more complicated you
can't don't done oh that bitch that was
great though I bet you fuckers are long
three hundred is good at three hundred
is not like a masterpiece by by any
stretch but it's good I'll defend 300
probably right in there oh nice after I
slashed someone like I can't walk for a
moment yes no one is deliberate well
that's annoying
that's to balance they can't make you
too powerful Michael Myers I just keep
stabbing he wouldn't stop after he
slashes someone all right this is this
isn't this isn't very believable no
wrong franchise oh shit
they'll never let them use Jason now oh
no they're doing their own version of
this game well with with awesome kills
this doesn't seem to have that yeah they
might they might get the they might get
it right if they spend some more time on
it they got a whole nother year now not
a year I think it comes out like early
next year
oh okay they're not waiting they they're
just they deleted just so they could do
the single-player version oh okay
I think that's the only thing that there
because they realize that the
multiplayer isn't going to be any fun
yeah unless it must it you have this
support unless people are playing it
where do they do yes I realize that that
people that watch a lot of horror movies
don't want to interact with other people
where are these people I don't know how
am I supposed to reckon up
right there right at that one generator
that you're turning away from I'm going
her I have to go around a thing oh
they're all sure they're all there in
the closet in the closet oh my god no I
see Hey got him come here yellow pants
your pants are mine now they get away oh
yeah I still have I can't see that's why
I wish I could see what I was doing
because I can't tell if I still have the
person will check the menus maybe there
might be a third person view option
doubtful though where is all the hooks
that's one right there there's a glow
there the darker glowing red ones like
to your right where are they the ones
right probably right behind you waiting
to immediately rescue his friend it'd be
my guess yeah get them get them
can I put him on the same hook no damn
it
do I have the person I can't tell oh I
don't have one you got one oh yeah I do
okay just to hook Jake it to a hook this
that's what you got to do this is
frustrating well that person got off the
hook that's if you sacrifice someone
come on yes for the next round you will
start a new Lobby to a lot of other
people to get in and also if you have
plays of this foul out as is our usual
rule that guy's definitely dead our
usual rule is if you play with us once
you bow out give someone else a turn but
yeah we'll create a new lobby there you
go J you're doing it you're finally
being the murderer you always wanted to
be it's working oh hey J John 3 would be
a great subject for an RL on commentary
track I have not seen it since I was a
little kid it's incredibly underrated in
how awful it is it's the ugliest of the
series worst creature effects and 80
slasher film level acting so jaws 3 keep
that in the back your brain yeah after
you watch it I rewatched jaws 2 somewhat
recently really it's essentially a
slasher movie an 80 slash of a Joe the
shark all the characters are like
teenagers from like a Friday the 13th
movie and the shark is essentially a
slasher it's interesting it's not great
but I got Roy Scheider back at least
yeah
and John tin says thanks for the
entertaining evening for every new
commentary with you guys release I will
get a portrait tattoo of an rlm member I
really like commentary I don't believe
you that sounds like a bad idea now hey
you damn it
they're gonna be going in circles what
they go oh damn it you know I would also
like like some more attack options you
got yeah that's it hey it's just
frustrating that it makes me like stop
movie and after trying to slash once so
annoying pretty good they're coming
around the back knocked I was gone that
was exciting that was exciting any
circle you failed but it was exciting
yeah maybe it's just cuz I'm not used to
playing this type of controller but yeah
are these type of games but I find it
more frustrating than anything sure yeah
that's that's just one of those gaming
things I would have to get used to it
other characters have other options like
Chainsaw charge and end of whatnots yeah
that would be nice
that would be nice thank you cos prefer
letting us know anonymous says hey guys
my wife
RINs birthday is this Friday any chance
I could get her a birthday call-out a
spooky birthday from Jay would make her
day Jake would you say happy birthday to
Rin happy birthday whoo
rich ruined it by saying slash so now if
you wanted to like just have her listen
to that part alright well we'll do this
again I apologize I apologize for being
rich Evans I can't do it again no no
you're ruining it right now it's part of
it
Oh Jay come on I mean I physically can't
do it again that person is dead I got
two of them
nope I heard a locker door
someone's hiding maybe maybe not I like
it so exciting or not it's maybe not
that is happening that seemed right but
I just didn't see a locker oh he's on
yeah get that beanie so they get for
wearing a beanie right damn you your
only weakness
doors are windows and doors a fairy his
doors that's just me and my dad gaming
skills any sort of egress you know the
dead pigs are a nice touch just adds a
little atmosphere that's a little
atmosphere to the whole thing
Titan said uh what are your thoughts on
the freakin amazing trailer for Logan oh
it looks great yeah we very good I was
shocked
it's like oh wow it looks like they're
doing something different with it yeah I
guess it's gonna be his last last
Wolverine last Wolverine why not yeah
yeah I'm like need the semi
post-apocalyptic kind of future look to
it mm-hmm
and like sad dying old Patrick Stewart
yeah like it's great yeah you know old
man Logan is a fun character usually
usually like old man Logan it like he
doesn't heal as fast and so he's
actually like a bit of an underdog well
that's that's what seems like I gathered
from that trailer it looks like his
healing powers aren't working anymore
yep or not as well please which is nice
like the the movies the movies haven't
been nice to Logan has an underdog like
in in the comic books
the reason he's called Wolverine is
because he is small and vicious and so
he gets scrappy
he's scrappy he gets pounded a lot in
the movies I don't think he gets beaten
as much as he should so when I want to
see I want to see old man Logan get the
it get his ass kicked
actually no people anywhere where is
everybody
oh I hope they're leavin right there no
I think we talked about this on us
dammit yeah anything yeah talked about
this on Sunday a little bit I do wonder
if there the movie has x-23 in it who is
you know basically girl Wolverine and I
do wonder if they will continue some
sort of Wolverine series with her yes
that's why they're putting her in it so
they can make more movies yep that's
what I'm gonna present it nice
yeah the little girl is x-22 at least I
assume she's excellent for you she's
just like you Logan
just like you look can I just kill him
my stamina enough time come on die you
wouldn't the minute I leave she's gonna
get off of there yeah it doesn't matter
how many times I stab her huh well we
should definitely put that to the test
let's yeah look wait look around is
someone trying to help her
oh you fucker
there you go that's what it was slash
there we go that's what it was hate when
I can't slash proper trigger a bigger a
bigger god damn it you fucker I see you
well put on a hook first and then go and
get that Biddy go get that Biddy
she was she was taking advantage of your
lack of gaming knowledge JM I know Jake
can't see too well that's what's
frustrating it's the not being able to
see what's going on around me I don't
like it
all right not bad I don't want to kill a
couple people you killed like three
people this time good yeah let's try one
no charge take a look at the video
options rich see if you can like either
get a wider field of view or go into
third-person perspective
I doubt oh pardon me I doubt it but
we're trying it new people in here yeah
also leave the lobby and then and then
start a new lobby
Lina starting woman yeah all right that
sounds fine back I know my shirt blends
into the wall a little bit I have an
over shirt but it got hot in here and
now it's getting a little chilly so I
might put my over shirt on get chilly
I'm still warm I'm getting chilly I'm
there yet yeah Logan looks good no I
don't see an option for it now oh there
you go
it's fine it's fine for me I don't mind
everything's fine everything's fine I'm
excited to see some blood in a goddamn
Wolverine movie yeah did you watch the
international trailer no there's only
like one shot different from the u.s.
trailer and it makes all the difference
oh is that where he puts his clothes
there's someone's fucking head yeah okay
I saw that image I think the trailer for
it's it's towards the end of the trailer
nice fucking nice so how do people find
the scape if you go to the previously
recorded steam page we have a we have
our own steam page go to the previously
recorded steam cure curator page or
whatever it's called and if you're part
of the previously recorded group you can
find us playing the game right now and
join you also should probably own the
game or else coming and joining us to
play the game would be impossible I'll
be playing with the controller just had
a convenience right now for one it's a
/er ER so I don't think aiming is too
important yeah what's the knife is it
just a
the knife is the rights that one yeah
the BOK okay whatever that's called
trigger the trigger let's trigger and
the bumper bumper okay bumper does just
about everything else that right bumper
let's say you pick people up I'm so
obsessed with the overwatch I started
using the term overshirt which is not a
real term is it over shirt an undershirt
and Andover sure no one ever says over
shirt people who say undershirt though
so it makes sense that they're being
over shirt but I don't think anybody
says that what about what else would you
call that your shirt shirt yeah but
sometimes you have an undershirt under
your shirt but I've you don't need that
you don't need to qualify it over shirt
because the undershirt is the one that's
qualified yeah sure sure and then what's
under the shirt in the context if you
have wearing an undershirt and then a
shirt over that and then you have like a
third shirt yeah
then you're getting into over shirt
territory or is it just two undershirts
that's the important question it's a
good question like what if I was wearing
a shirt over my button-up shirt and I
had it like tied around my neck hmm
that's my oh that's my Cape shirt my
over cape I say over shirt makes sense
that's fine because well he's gonna say
like oh I could go put on a shirt but
I'm already wearing a shirt a secondary
shirt a vestigial shirt waiting waiting
get one for one warm waiting for one
more that's right old third shirt
packard here yeah oh man oh sure it's
someone left and someone came up have
you guys seen the American scream oh
yeah cool little documentary on home
hunters yeah he used to be on Netflix I
don't know if it still is oh that's a
lovely documentary the Americans scream
yeah made by the same people that did
best worst movie the documentary about
relative sure sure
neat yeah it's good if we talked about
Monster Squad at all all the time yeah
all the time every day
we did have an epic screening a Monster
Squad at Jack's house a couple years ago
it was a double feature of Monster Squad
and frozen which is a real place that
really happened
Jack was like none of you guys have seen
frozen come on watch frozen and I was
like none of you have seen Monster Squad
let's just combine these two and watch
them in the same night that was a great
night
Monster Squad is one of those movies
that could really use an update yeah I I
have a fondness for Monster Squad just
because I grew up with it yeah it's not
a great movie no but most of the Vaught
of the monsters in it don't do anything
related to what kind of monster they are
like at one point Dracula throws up like
a pipe bomb into a treehouse right or no
it's dynamite he has like a stick of
dynamite he's tracking look thrown
around dynamite and then and then all of
a sudden for no apparent reason
it's a buddy cop movie for like 15
minutes yeah and then back to the
monster Shane black it was like I'm
writing this can I please put it in a
buddy cop team I'm contractually
obligated to insert some sort of buddy
cop just briefly just for a couple
scenes in every movie that's why Iron
Man 3 eventually he teams up with Rhodey
yeah and you know it turns into a buddy
cop fun goodtime adventure but yeah
Monster Squad was a fun oh you're in
like a neighborhood
Oh try that smart you're right oh oh
that was a taunt rich I just on the
check yeah when he does that when he
throws the dynamite in the hood Tree
Hill so he's walking away he goes
meeting adjourned what does that even
mean in this context
oh Dracula Dracula with the one-liners
what does he say that a little girl
you bitch or calls our counters he calls
her a bitch is that it yeah it's like
you fucking little bitch it's a very
vulgar movie for a kids movie yeah yeah
well no and I never understood they have
to like the whole thing is a virgin has
to save a spell that'll open up the
portal to send the monsters back yeah
and they're like we got to find a virgin
all those kids are virgins
they're all like 12 years old right I
don't think they I don't think they
maybe they're trying to imply that it
has to be a female because it's
originally the one kids older sister and
it turns out she's not a virgin
she says she's only with her boyfriend
and that doesn't count your brother's
like doesn't count so then they have the
tiny little girl they can't even read
yet they have her do it
I guess the implication is that it has
to be feet a female but they do so you
don't really specify that oh nice wrench
this person is hardcore fucking with you
no and chat of course I would have seen
frozen I have children I have seen
frozen so many times Jack just let it go
just let it go let it go like I've seen
frozen so I've now seen frozen and
Zootopia so many times I get the inga in
the in jokes they have frozen jokes in
Zootopia it's not even the same company
though is it
yeah oh it is Zootopia Disney yeah yes
thinking it wasn't for some reason it is
not there's a part where interests Elba
as the water buffalo says life is not a
happy musical so let it go
and it's funny and and it's funny and
the same voice actor that that voice is
the the bad guy from frozen Wiesel and
they call him weasel he voices a weasel
in Zootopia Wow they say listen here
Wiesel and it goes hey it's weasel or
weaselton that's what it is
weselton and a weaselton weselton
oh no I will not be doing a review on
frozen or Zito not gonna happen
mostly because I've seen them enough I
don't need an excuse to see them again
I don't know rich I think I think this
one's distracting you while the others
get stuff done possibly but then all the
better I kill this one damn it
kik-kik Dracula in the nard now he kick
wolf man in the nards
he doesn't have nerds
BAM wolf man's got nerds nerds I saw
that movies so buddy goddamn times as a
kid
nerds isn't a real word that's not it is
anyone has ever called testicles a
Monster Squad they do only in Monster
Squad that's fine that makes it a thing
as too many fucking hiding places sir I
have a like a record single of the rap
for Monster Squad their app at the end
of the movie it's pretty great all right
I think they're coming out with a fold
the full soundtrack album eventually but
they put out this just that rap song
dirt it's like a probe oh oh great I
mean of course you do I mean of course
you do
J I recently got the secret history of
Twin Peaks and enjoyed it quite a bit
did you have seen red what is that it's
a book I've not it's a book by Mark
Frost I haven't read it yet I'll try and
pick it up before the show starts fair
warning the majority of the content has
little to do with the major TV
characters now okay but there's no fun
in weird okay I've heard mixed things
about it I've heard some people say it's
kind of boring so I'm sure I'll read it
eventually that one
that one guy's says Lance hunter it
seems like whenever I shoot videos that
always seem to have really bad
background a hum in the audio any
recommendations to capture cleaner audio
using a shotgun mic plugged into my DSLR
get a better mic maybe it could be a
better mind you can't filter that audio
to a certain degree it could be your
DSLR DSLRs are not meant for audio
recording so maybe getting some sort of
secondary audio recorder like a zoom and
synchronize audio and video in post
there's some sort of adapters like I
don't have a lot of experience with
DSLRs but there's an adapter you can get
to right where it's like the mic goes
into that and then that goes into the
camera and I think you're supposed to
get cleaner audio that way I think yeah
oh yeah well and just to get a shotgun
into there you know it's like shotgun
two XLR XLR like goes through a minimum
jack or whatever right yeah so it could
be one of your cables it could be your
microphone it could be the DSLR there
are so many things you can do to clean
up your audio i I highly recommend a
standalone audio recording device I
would say with a DSLR yeah even even
like the zoom h1 which is just has a
little is like you know as big as a
pencil
No
no doubt oh why are their palates
everywhere there's two old got one
jack is a fellow father will you please
defend my decision to say my daughter is
19 months old not 1 year old no no
that's dumb at 19 months you know you're
closer to a year and a half that's how
after you hit a year you can't say
months anymore what did you go away yeah
wasn't near um
that's my personal preference I was
nowhere near a damn hook 19 months a
year and a half
I've heard at 18 months it stops I I've
never been fond of that mostly because
it's harder to it's harder to keep track
if you do months
yeah all right on crappy wine excellent
call yeah I drank one of your pumpkin
beers so I restart with some Oktoberfest
it's very tasty
apparently I'm shitty at this oh you are
rich better than me get good if you
could I guess it doesn't mean much to
say you're better than me
hey guys says top ramens & J love the
new review down of the Dead will there
be a new commentary out soon I think we
talked about that earlier there will be
eventually eventually is the answer
there was going to be one for Dawn of
the Dead but it was decided it would be
better to do it as a review that's a
two-hour movie and there's long
stretches where there's not a whole lot
to talk about and it's not a movie
that's easy to get like it's not a veil
for streaming anywhere that is the
surprising part to me the DVDs and
blu-rays are out of print you can still
find them but it's not super easily
accessible mm-hmm as far as I could tell
the stocking isn't even really doing
anything well they did so now hit stock
what happens I slow down then he gets
away oh that's lame that's weird
what was the purpose I don't know I'm
sorry
that's very bizarre
Oh what does that do though like why
does it just let you listen to the
Halloween theme for a second
oh you stabbed differently that time Oh
make that stronger
that wasn't a slash that was it was a
stand was a stab oh oh the one stabbed
all right all right all right when the
stalking meter fills up you can one-shot
them okay okay that's the that's okay
well hey we're fitting I gotta get to
the hook out god dammit hope you guys
get him oh that's the world's oh that
bitch that Vinnie's been taunting you
get around the hook get her on the hook
yeah take that
oh you don't like it do you like it
I love the noises she's making yeah yeah
just throw him up on there then already
get away no no I used to fine let's see
here juju bean says hi J and the other
two I just had a midterm for my film
class earlier today and that left me
feeling terrible and wondering if a film
major is even worth it because I felt
like that all the time I did when I was
in film school and then and then I
stopped film school and I felt better
which isn't a recommendation it depends
on what you want out of film school
mm-hmm and what film school you're going
to Wow that hook still there
but yeah yeah
what are the weird spider-like things
that are on the meathook like what is
that
wow that's like your it says you're
sacrificing them
oh so that's some to a demon maybe
that's a demon it looks like like
Starship Troopers alien I would say that
doesn't feel appropriate for the
Halloween series but this isn't really a
Halloween games and I get it J thoughts
on the lobster um I liked it
I think I need to watch it again uh-huh
it was very I like the first half a lot
more than the second half but I
understand that they're meant to kind of
parallel each other so I need to
re-watch it my first first thought after
I watched it was I think I liked that
huh there's a little much to take it at
once but I liked the really rich a
really dry sense of humor that's what
you get for taunting you liked the dry
sense it's very very dry
where's the nurse Rooke a couple more
variations and grunting sounds he
garnered snarf cha-cha-cha charger oh
wow what was that what what is that what
the hell I wonder what that thing was
does he jump into oh you got a petty
victory whatever that means
the please consider playing the lurking
horror
it's a classic infocomm text adventure
with a Lovecraftian horror theme it's
not too hard and it fits into the
holiday season and it's free you fucks
we already paid for this one so it's all
you it's kind of free cuz we already
paid for it what did you say that's not
how that works but oh no rich tried
being a different killer I'll die to
leave here to do it
no you click on the little face down
there just because I want to see like
maybe you get different powers well
that's how you invite people oh that's
how you invite people uh open menu open
menus I do it well
next match okay that's fine whatever
I didn't care anyway
let's see here
as Lisa or anyone else read Harry Potter
and the methods of rationality it's a
great fanfiction with the premise that
Harry was raised by loving parents who
taught him science no I recently asked
me the new fantastic beasts and where to
find them as good as coming out
relatively soon I think and at least as
a big fan of the Harry Potter books we
saw the movies and I was like as a fan
do you have any interest in this and she
goes I think I saw trailer once no she
still cared I saw the trailer for it I
didn't know what it was when I saw the
trailer I was like this looks like a
harry potter ripoff and then it gets the
onion here a couple bits of the Harry
Potter music yeah I was like oh is it
related to Harry Potter like I didn't
know what it was so I think a general
audience that maybe because is it books
too or is it just movie it's I believe
it's a book - okay I don't I think a
general audience that maybe didn't read
the books and it's just familiar with
the movies yeah is this gonna be
confused
like I was are we waiting for one more
person to enter this game I believe you
oh you have to click ready - well it
wasn't like threes oh are we waiting for
one more well yes I guess we aren't wait
a little bit I'll give it a couple
minutes it was a hat minute or two game
is called dead by daylight okay
apparently there are hatches and when
the exit is open you can go down the
hatch is what carlito caribbean cool
says where we are playing the Sun the
steams on the steams and if you go to
the previously recorded steam page you
can play with us just a movie not a book
okay great oh it's not even a book okay
great
great I guess no but I'd like I don't
know like if fans really care about this
because you know there's no Harry Potter
say he was the protagonist right there's
the people that invested in the universe
in the Harry Potter I mean maybe they
are I never I'm not into it so I don't
know but but you you would think like a
spin-off movie like what's wrong Weasley
doing share something more directly
connected right yeah if I just couldn't
get any of those actors back well
they're all too old now right like you
don't wanna see him as adults uh I would
love to see Hermione as badass which
doing something cool I don't know well
I'm not I'm not so sure anybody else is
going to join at this point well then
just click ready and say alright do it
see if you do it great I know I know I
know
great have you guys filmed the Halloween
best of the worst yet and r.i.p no we're
gonna do it we're gonna do it on what
October 30th you stay up all night
editing you think you can get that done
it should only take a couple hours to
edit yeah investor the worst is super
simple
I mean J it's just us watching movies in
Sagra few people are worried there isn't
going to be a Halloween episode because
we had an episode and come up this month
there will be but if you realize that
the month of October is not over yet so
but have we filmed it yet we're filming
it on the 30th we're prepared though
like we have our that we have almost all
the movies picked out we're still
working on a couple of almost all the
movies picked out
it's a book within the ball look at that
what you have the same pumpkin from the
credits it is style and a sign out front
said strode Realty so this is and that's
them I think this is yeah that's the
main theme level this is actually the
little neighborhood from the movie yeah
and not quite Illinois in Henfield
California thanks rich I like what
you're doing here sees a person running
them one way it goes the other come here
Biddy
oh you're um you know circles nice one
right they get her once
is this a fun game I'll ask the two who
have played it uh alright so far I
played it like one level oh yeah this is
the second level I've once get nowhere
near hook I really like the concept of
the game I could I could see it after
like maybe 10 hours of matches getting
very same II you know no cherry oh got
away
fantastic beasts is a textbook from the
Harry Potter universe so it is quite
literally a book within a book now that
nothing can make me care yeah I just
don't care like Harry Potter I put up
with the movies you know like the movies
are fine my relationship with the movies
is that I saw I don't think I saw the
first two okay but every one after that
I saw him the theater and then the next
after seeing each like I would see one
and then the next day I would have come
forgot everything about it was like all
that was entertaining and then it just
left my brain I have no connection to
the Harry Potter world sure I liked I
think it's the third one where there's
the werewolf yeah I thought visually
that one was really good because it was
elfonzo korone that was the only one
that has any lasting impression on me
hmm oh there you go I think that was the
one which ends with Harry Potter it ends
on a still frame of Harry Potter riding
his broomstick and it's like a
freeze-frame because we got a new broom
and he's really happy and it ended on a
freeze frame of him like riding his
broom and super happy and least it goes
I think that was kind of cheesy how they
ended the movie and I said you mean the
movie about the little boy wizard and
because that's what it's a movie about
how can they not escape my grip when
I've put them down is there a way to
have that not happen
I don't know I will watch chat and see
if they have any ideas they don't have
any ideas all right how saddened are you
that Oh a bowl has announced his
retirement from filmmaking I don't care
right he has this reputation as being
one of the worst filmmakers yeah because
his first few movies were terrible like
funny bad like House of the Dead and
alone in the dark but then he made some
movies that weren't at least technically
fine he's not a horrible horrible
filmmaker he's just kind of a weird
horrible person so I don't care I don't
even know that much I don't know if I've
ever seen that you eyeballed movie yeah
Babel House of the Dead is pretty funny
okay that movies terrible I feel like
he's more well known for being a
personality then and no one knows any of
his movies aside from the first like
three heat it up he's made of ton of
them he did postal he did rampage he's
done a bunch of different stuff he did
like a movie about Darfur like you're
like things you would not expect from
him sure cuz all anyone thinks about
when they think of him is House of the
Dead
that's a good scream okay that's great
evening rich J and bald Tobey Maguire
haha just kidding no Jack it's time to
compliment whoever edited the rogue one
trailer analysis 6000 387 lol picked my
tack that was Mike they go time wizard
says Ken Star Trek first contact quality
qualify as a zombie flag must the thing
be technically a zombie movie for it to
be a zombie flick what are there zombies
in it
that's the question if there are zombies
in it then yeah it's a zombie movie
what's but Star Trek first contact does
not have zombies in it oh because like
the Borg are look kind of like no the
boys all the Borg are completely
different thing than the zombies the
Borg is a hive mind of intelligence I
guess they have similar themes of losing
humanity but they're not zombies but
they're not zombies
oh if they are if you watch the first
contact any sane first contact they are
zombies they've ruined the Borg by
turning them basically into zombies yes
oh maybe it's been a while since I've
seen would you consider that a zombie
movie
they don't they're technically I think
they're still supposed to be a hive mind
they don't behave that way they behave
like zombies think I think I'd like a
queen they're like pawns the Queen tells
them what to do zombies don't have
someone telling you what to do so it's
not a zombie movie zombies walking
corpse they infect the crew by like
biting them and it spreads rapidly but
they still have someone that's
controlling them yes
yeah not zombies
not zombie drones right there worker
bees totally different totally different
movie Minister Jay have you seen in
order of disappearance I think I've ever
even heard of it it's a Norwegian dark
comedy that follows stellan skarsgård as
he kills people for revenge and the
title card keeps track of the body count
I know I'm unaware of this movie Vega
now you know of it I'm gonna sneeze I
just sneezed aah kraab happy spooky ween
lads Jay do you ever storyboard before
you shoot or are you mainly finding
angles on the go have you ever
storyboarded anything yeah this
storyboarded sequences for space cop
stuff for like you know half in the bag
nah no I don't think Leah well maybe
maybe like the Evil Dead episode just
cuz there are so many different shots we
needed to get but in general I mean
that's mostly shot like a sitcom so
there's not a lot to plan out oh yeah
I've storyboard stuff sometimes mm-hmm
pretend like you're gonna go in the
house bridge and they're not gonna jump
off the roof now is this supposed to be
the Michael Myers house it's probably
already out a back window
it's kind of laid out like the Michael
Myers house could be there could be guru
zombies they're still zombies assure if
you have grown hardened to most horror I
have a movie for you okay
it's called wake in fright oh you know
what this is oz Mike right yep the only
name I remember because he's requested
this so many times I watched it maybe a
couple months ago yeah it was just okay
it was fine I don't have any strong
feelings about I'm so sorry but you
finally saw it but I did watch and
finally what I did watch it and it was
okay I don't know how long he's been
requesting that it was okay Jay I mean
listen if you think you have something
that will like startle Jay in the horror
movie genre you need to go in knowing
that you're wrong there is nothing that
you can show this man that he has not
already seen now they have to start all
the generators is that how this works
oh maybe just most of them you know like
four out of seven I don't know I'm
Jack's total lack of sprite well that's
the thing like maybe you don't
understand jvzoo bumming apparently
that's my name now that's your name now
by the way Jay Davis Q Montgomery
business what is the Q stand for exactly
this answer to the question and the
question is what does the Q stand hey
okay forget it
any thoughts on Hellraiser
yeah like Hellraiser I like the first
two I like the third one but it's flog
yeah
the first two are good I love the the
portrayal of hell in the second one
you've seen them hell raisers I feel
like we just talked about no reason we
did just I saw the first one ages and
eons ago and I never really cared to see
I mean pinhead is fun and heads a we
that's what we talked about we talked
about muscle design and then the first
one pinhead isn't the only oh yeah he's
not like the main he's not the star of
the movie right he later kind of became
he's just one of the demons mm-hmm
but I think I think he was the he was
the possibly the most iconic looking
demon from that movie and he's the only
one that really talks the other ones
can't really talk so they give they gave
him the lines sure sure
pinhead is a funny guy yeah I'm gonna
try and watch at least the first
Hellraiser before Halloween at some
point I've been watching a couple years
I think it sounds like people are
screaming uh who's left are they not
doing anything I don't know I think I'm
just gonna expert at this game how many
people have you killed one oh well
there's two more out there somewhere I
haven't seen anyone in like ten minutes
right right
that's cuz there's only two of them
let's see here any Friday the 13th and
knock off recommendations apparently
there were a shit ton of them and I
don't know where to start I guess I just
mean slasher films in general in that
period poses Friday those Friday 13 yeah
because there was Halloween and then
Friday the 13th which was a ripoff of
Halloween as far as the slasher format
and then after Friday the 13th the
floodgates were opened there's a period
of like two years or there's just
endless slasher movies I'd recommend the
burning if you haven't seen that one
that one's pretty good and that's a
summer camp one so it's very similar to
Friday the 13 ice that's a good slasher
money from that era sleepaway camp
classic leave boy camp has its moments
it's very weird there's not the weird
touches in that one sleepaway camp - if
you're into more softcore porn and or
Bruce Springsteen sister oh and please
the killer in it Oh Springsteen sister
Wow Springsteen
oh my god indeed let's see here would
someone need to buy screaming rights to
show space cop in their home town uh
email contact a red letter media comm if
you would like to set up a screening
questions about that kind of thing
they're just running around trying not
to win just just enough just to
aggravate you possibly or are they are
they new to the game too and don't
really know how to play it Oh what was
that oh those are the cop lights they're
like watching the stream and staying on
the other side of the map sure sure and
if they see you kind of heading in that
direction like yeah yeah it's weird that
like is oh no they're doing stuff okay I
got another one it's weird that there's
no like timer
are they on the other side of it the men
have already probably already jumped out
the window maybe yeah
those bastards someone is saying you can
run rich oh they're nice
now you gotta try and find a hook before
he gets away or he gets away
can you just go through the wall that
would be nice yeah dude
bummer you got me and we show over your
shoulder man bum City oh no no that am
apparently there are perks to this game
like you can level up and get and get
perks and so some people might have like
escapee perks
other door out the door here their way
to the left to the left he's hiding in
that corner honey no huh which corners
no no right now left that way behind
that thing he's down there how do you
know this I'm expert at video games he's
down here he is the oh he's in one of
those cabinets how do you know this I
heard him crying he's in the cabinet in
the corner not that one not no left left
well he's out now I'm sure he's in that
one oh I was really hoping he would be
it looked like the red marks were
heading in that direction and I thought
this raised what the f
what the f yeah I'm just being fucked
with Oh
J watched society not knowing anything
about it loved it
alright have you seen any movies by
Quentin de pluie rubber wrong wrong cops
reality I mean you heard of reality I've
seen rubber or which I liked a lot oh is
that the Tigers entire movie fuck the
whole monologue at the beginning about
nonsense fuck that movie about meaning
nothing Robert I'd like that really
quite a bit I did not like wrong rubber
sucks rubber is wrong wrong felt to me
like what people complained about rubber
like it's just nonsense for the sake of
nonsense and it kind of is but it sort
of please like having fun with it and
wrong just felt like nonsense for the
sake of nonsense in a bad way
rubber was so far up its own I only saw
it once so I'd have to rewatch it I
liked I liked rubber watch games how the
UK said I was the one on the hook that
Jay kept slashing in spam the spacebarb
also this was like scream one when they
saw the killer on camera prereq stream
is on my macbook and it's a 1000 yeah so
they can kind of see and where you're
going
yeah all right I'm done okay I'm done
okay tired you're just wandering I'm
tired just being deliberately fucked
with yes I think that's bullshit I think
that's what they're doing yeah peace
bitches what's the point
do we want to vomit candy corn or do we
want to play the outlast to demo you
tell me let's listen to have a stark
change of pace and vomit candy corn
all right mostly because I saw at the
beginning of the stream
someone said yeah they're not playing a
2d pixel art in the garbage nonsense
prove you wrong motherfucker
motherfuckers all right okay we need the
things J you just take that Compu truth
controller all right okay escape you
know what escape should always do
something escape should always make you
escape game developers out there
I'm going to the bathroom good go to the
bathroom thanks for announcing it
alright get not he's everything's fine
rich Evans did not just trip everything
is fine I didn't get out of here
that's the real scary part you can't pom
pom ball trapped in this game forever
there we go
