Episode 661
Old Ghoul (Halloween Forever)
November 17, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B3FtDHDHi5o
___________________________________________

there we go Halloween forever
Halloween forever
it's great oh I'm just gonna oh fuck you
thank you
sometimes sometimes I tell you fucking
come on you know what OBS sometimes
you're not you don't do what I want you
to do but I still love you
oh no we're missing story not a vomit
candy corn on people properly Halloween
forever okay
[Music]
I love it I love it already
this is more my speed this this is a
game the whole family can enjoy hold on
I think it's fucked up totally fucked up
what's fucked up oh you see like it's
all off oh yeah config great
okay hold on we're gonna fix it
No where did you go oh you know over
here now for some reason how did you get
over here game a game capture why are
you so big sometimes I just don't
understand you
yes I still love you obvious but I just
don't understand you you know
nope that's not what I wanted right big
game game
there we go and now you go over here
great and then we go over here
[Music]
let the nightmare begin okay press a
pumpkin man great shall face the horse
you let's get little get Moody
I can handle this yeah uh look I'm
spooky it is look how spooky this game
is isn't this beautiful
well I'm going to change the game enough
and chatty here dead by dumb Oh ween
[Music]
Halloween forever oh shit
[Laughter]
[Music]
okay can't get up there can you double
jump yeah kinda you gotta be like like I
just did there
oh no you touchin a wall or whatever
yeah sure this is great this is great J
is playing oh no am I supposed to do I
think oh can you go in that tomb okay
they go oh no Wizards skeleton skeleton
dammit ah
chainsaw guy oh this is fun
hey now this is spooky now this is
podracing now they wait a minute I oh
I'm trying to update hello if you're
wondering why I don't like multiplayer
gaming yeah cuz everybody is an asshole
oh no I'm having chatty issues that shit
was acute yeah this looks adorable
not sure I'm supposed to get over there
don't forget the heart yeah can you can
you um
forever wall go um no no just once just
once I don't know what did they do they
hid from you isn't that the game rich
yes I strongly suspect the other end of
the stream was being launched and even
if they weren't doing that damn it they
were just fucking with me and not
completing the objectives yes it's just
either way assholes
[Laughter]
sorry because we're getting spooky now
rich oh yeah no this looks great
oh yeah we're all in the spooky except
for I'm having some issues with Chadi
Chadi is not letting me change the game
here hold on it
Karin would love this what's this called
it's called Halloween forever and it
looks like a game that's called
Halloween forever um I'm gonna have to
buy this when I get home okay
Karin would love this I mean it is super
spooky oh yeah
well do you have to get all the hearts I
don't know I think that's just help yeah
and you look like you're full yeah I
guess if I supposed to double jump that
one
yeah I got that hard on my first time
through but I haven't gotten it since ah
mm that's a lot of Jason's Wow they're
just chainsaw man we don't know if
they're specifically Jason Jason doesn't
usually use a chainsaw
Jason's a chain saw a man with a ski
mask these are all these are all Jason's
dammit you're doing great oh yeah that
helps the Skellington wizards are your
favorite as they should be
oh my god it's a floating coven yeah Oh
skeleton guys drop out that it's like
skeleton bombs I love it that thing now
you're gonna get murdered by this guy
no no J next time you died don't restart
right away why is that I want to use
Chad over on that computer okay cuz we I
we haven't been able to update our game
can't do in laptop it's apparently it
doesn't want to work nice talk
I think it's a vulture or crow rage no I
get it
but do you but do you I hate everyone
and everything yep ah blah blah odd yes
I did see the Microsoft Surface studio
desktop PC looks interesting looks a bit
oh no shit dead by don't restart okay so
it's daddy Jason and baby Jason's oh
yeah it's paused
pause bitch
or for search okay and a big costume
quest it's a it's a cute game chat
sprayed up Costume Quest yeah that's a
double fine yeah it's a
trick-or-treating basically game tied um
no really I have it I have Costume Quest
on the I wanna say I have it on the Xbox
is free yeah for Xbox Live I had it a
while ago I think it was on the Xbox
when I got it but yeah so the Microsoft
Surface what was it called again you
guys said it whatever Oh Microsoft
service to do is basically Microsoft's
attempt to make an iMac an all-in-one
screen computer Wow but it's also a
surface which means like it's on these
like pivoting arms so you can like it's
just a giant monitor that you can draw
on and use as a desktop tablet as a
giant desktop tablet and use like the
pen and it looks good it looks very
extreme double jump over those
it looks very very expensive and so
it'll be interesting to see what kind of
specs come out for it also I thought I
saw that it only had USB inputs and if
if they want pros to use it more I would
assume they would get some sort of
faster connector in there yeah sp3 is
pretty good but it's like three or four
thousand dollars yeah Jesus Christ three
or four thousand dollars for what so you
know the iMac yeah oh it's you know just
a big screen and a computer inside the
screen that's what it it's a Windows
computer that is but it's also wait what
happens if you get that I don't know has
that something great all right super
pumpkin man I'm not sure well maybe
that's a superpower you can use in
fighting mega Jason mega turns also
gonna get a heart from that guy you
might have to double jump over mega
Jason oh sure I was gonna he's gonna
charge I'm gonna charge I think you jump
over that if you hit the right trigger
you can use a superpower
I hit different buttons I've tried it
doesn't you don't really do much okay
collect six ruins for the oak elects six
runes for the best endings what they say
huh okay yeah you really do is jump in
puke yeah so it has four USB three
headphone jack SD card reader Ethernet
and a mini DisplayPort and so and
because it's not because it's an
all-in-one there's no oh whoa
there's no upgrading if if but faster
damn it connection comes out jump and
puke typical Saturday but but yeah I
paid attention looks really interesting
I really like the idea you know someone
who does occasional Photoshop work I
love the idea of having a giant tablet
and using that as a pen that would be
very smooth and fluid but for the price
point I can't I can't get behind it how
much is it for a decent fair model with
a decent harddrive you're looking at
three four thousand
not decent specs you could probably go
like 2,000 so what does this do that
that like my computer womp it's a big
tablet so it won't do anything that my
computer doesn't already do yeah you can
and it cost you can almost three times
as much you can't draw on your screen
right is that is that is that worth 300
thousand dollars of course not
for for our for some creative
professionals it would be okay ah not me
but if you do like a lot of Photoshop
work a lot of drawing work yes I could
see it being worth it to sum up let run
do itwe may it may run doom Mae Mae Mae
oh okay well you can you can probably
upgrade it right no no no you can't
upgrade it know it's an all-in-one Oh
everything about this sounds stupid for
your needs sure it's an interesting idea
and you know more so like just very
deliberately trying to eat away at the
Apple market at the Apple creatives
market which is interesting so yes I've
been paying attention to that
I don't have the reflexes for this damn
you why do you want to hurt me
top ramens says hey can you guys can you
guys just want to say you missed my two
previous donations we didn't top ramens
we read them we get behind with the
donations I'm sorry that you felt the
need that you had to donate again can
you choose a different character now
okay you probably have to earn them yeah
it just we get behind sometimes and we
did eventually read them I think so you
can double jump in the air by the way
yeah okay I figured that out a lot a
while ago now
okay at first I thought it was just not
the walls but Tartan says had any
thoughts on John Carpenter not being
consulted at all on the Big Trouble in
Little China reboot did they pay him cuz
that's all he cares about
yeah I'd be more interested if they had
him on yeah I I don't really care about
the movie either way it doesn't really
matter how can the movie not suck what
are the odds it'll have an older Jack
Burton passing the torch this is your oh
no from what I understand it's gonna be
more of an actual remake oh really which
is like who cares if even the charisma
of the rock cannot bring me to care
about that shit oh you know what I had
done it's that's a fair question
how can you do a review of Dawn of the
Dead and not bring up the gunk the gunk
that come up no because cuz we were
talking about the filmmaking more so
than just I'm you song where so then the
gun the most iconic piece of music ever
written here's here's a fun fact that
episode of review was almost a
commentary track yeah that's what I said
that Allah you did yeah but it's a
two-hour movie with long stretches of
not a lot happening and
that's not saying much and and the movie
is not very accessible because it's not
available for streaming anywhere really
nope
a classic Madonna the dead it's it's all
richard rubin scene the producer he owns
the rights to that and he owns the
rights to George Romero's Martin and he
wants a ridiculous amount of money to
license it that nobody's willing to give
him so the only way he can get it is
used copies on Amazon the DVDs aren't
too expensive but the blue there was
briefly a blu-ray and that's pricey
I got a UK blu-ray though which wasn't
too bad I imported it you know what I
mean I'm gonna say we didn't mention the
gonk because I didn't want to get too
stuck in my head again I've had the gong
stuck in my head probably at least one
day a week for the last 25 years Jay
have you read any to Twin Peaks books
like Laura Palmer's diary or Brad Dukes
reflections and oral history of Twin
Peaks I have not all right great hey
guys I'm a big fan and recently saw the
fly 1986 whoo great movie great movie I
wanted to know what you guys think about
the film well it's a great movie yeah
it's one of my favorite Cronenberg
movies not terribly shocked it's
incredibly gross I mean Jeff Goldblum
and Jeff Goldblum fantastic it's very
operatic it's a tragic movie yeah I am
here's how brundlefly eats any movie
that can be that gross and also that
emotional is a win like like it's so
crazy because you see him puke on the
doughnut and it's almost endearing you
know well you just feel so bad for him I
mean he's it's a movie about diet you're
someone you love dying of a disease oh
yeah that's what the movies about I'm
gonna go in here
it's about watching someone you care
about fall apart before your eyes mm-hmm
let's see here J did you catch he never
died starring Henry Rollins I know I've
heard about it oh no I'm here already
fuck I'm fucked patience patience attack
but he just immediately runs at me I
think you have to wait till his backs to
you so I think and so he can't
immediately run at you when you hit him
I think you got a jump over the chainsaw
and attack him
before the chainsaw gets back I think
that's the pattern okay just focus on
just jumping over him what he's doing
that charging shit yeah nobody does a
chainsaw attack Yeah right if you didn't
hit him with him they seen towards you
he immediately runs at you which isn't
good so don't do that J they're saying
you're an adequate gamer does he does he
charge at all before you attack him no
turn that charging turn out attacking
that's what I'm saying that's I won't
yeah oh just to see what pattern yeah
I'll only attack him when his back is to
me yeah that's good idea let's see here
J have you finished a new season of
black mirror oh yeah I was actually
gonna ask you about that Jack if you
watch it yeah I have not
it's great I really enjoyed the little
bit that I've seen a black mirror and
just haven't got around to it too many
things to do and watch and see yeah it's
a it's a solid season there's some
really good episodes that's what I keep
hearing I'm looking forward to it I
think my favorite episode is the one
that deviates the most from their usual
kind of style let's sanju nepo is that
what people are saying I'm guessing you
really likes and you know there you go
oh yeah it's very different for Black
Mirror it's not quite as as cynical and
hopeless I'm extremely a fan to Hatter
here - that's alright going corn blazing
here we go
it's our brundlefly eats nice I love the
fly as you should it's a fantastic movie
but hello what'd you say fuck playing
playing an 8-bit video game Leena shitty
game getting frustrated say something
I'm using about that oh yeah this is
real right here it's it's difficult
right there and I'm not good at it yeah
we'll just take a moment to appreciate
the soundtrack and this is great it's
very spooky
I think I think's by saying great you're
going a little bit too far what a little
bit too far like this song it's adequate
it's appropriately spooky yeah it's
appropriately 8-bit is a great smell
it's not great pencil I don't like it
oh wait that's the main mecha I don't
want to go there just yet where do you
want to go well I wanted to come in here
and get more hearts I guess I can't go
back nevermind this is a scouting
mission just figure out his pattern
don't attack him first okay
Jpop Oh crumbs oh let's wait until Jays
done yeah I think that's a don't vomit
very far that's a problem ah okay you
got one leg all down nice
you're doing great Jay
will
get too close to that wall he turned
around immediately at least I understand
the pattern now yeah yeah yeah that's
great so J no your big fan of the rocky
series have you seen a warrior from 2011
Tom Hardy Nick Nolte joel edgerton
definitely worth watching also watch the
leftovers Lindelof redeems himself I
haven't seen that and no I haven't seen
the warrior know are worried warrior
yeah I've heard it's good nothing can be
as good as the Rockies yeah well I think
the only connection is that they're both
kind of heartfelt boxing related movies
oh the thing I love about the rocky
series is rocky that's it is the
character right so I'm sure warriors
fine I'll probably watch it eventually
let's see here you see yoga hosers yet
nope now nope
is it out yeah I think it's on demand
also I watched the video of Kevin Smith
telling his daughter that directing her
inspired him to make movies again and
for some no that wasn't creepy at all I
thought that was really hard for I
there's something I don't I wouldn't go
so far as to call it creepy but their
relationship is weird well he's weird
but not what we're talking about Kevin
Smith he he put out this little it was
like a promo for yoga holders and it was
basically him saying that he wasn't
really into making movies any more until
he directed his daughter and
what's-her-name
jep's daughter Johnny Depp's daughter in
a one scene in tusk and working with his
daughter making movie with his daughter
rekindled his love for making the mess
alright I thought it was really sweet
that that's fine it just seems like he
posts on his social media mostly about
his daughter and nothing else and I
think that's odd that's but that's like
how is that different from any other
parent like on Facebook because other
parents don't have millions of people
paying attention to those oh sure they
just have you know there are other
family members and friends on Facebook
yeah
they're not they're not putting this
information out to tens of thousands of
people a day yeah I think thrusting her
into that kind of spotlight is is weird
but she's she's in the movie like she's
an actress not sure but I mean he was
doing that well before the movie he's
always been doing that yeah that's just
him tusk was worth it for Jay I know I I
I kind of like tells I'm not gonna call
it a great movie but I enjoyed it for
some reasons you enjoyed it right
finally yeah I gotta get up there fast
so you get the room so you can get the
good ending
whatever that means
[Music]
hmm have you guys tried subnautica it's
everything that no man's sky was
supposed happy and it's unseen for 20
bucks nope I I have picked up ever space
a couple more times and I'm really
enjoying that and I'm waiting on more
development forever space so that's
that's a lot of what I was looking at
low for in no man's sky as far as like
the space battles were concerned ever
space but I know there's a million games
that are popping up now that are
literally branding themselves as hey
everyone hated this one game we're gonna
do what you wanted but well ah oh damn
it
no don't watch Spy Kids my kids is no
good you know we never did play the
other Lakeview cabins you ever leave you
cabin yeah the other episodes came out
oh sure yeah yeah that's how I feel
about it all right I'm gonna give this
one more shot and then I might give
someone else a chance if they want I
want to give this a chance I got four I
became frustrated with Lakeview cavies
yeah I couldn't figure out the puzzles
[Music]
I ain't that smart I don't have the
smarts for like views cabins now let's
see here rich is riches slash has doomed
me to sleeping on the couch thanks rich
/ okay J any opinions on classic
Universal monster movies um I am Dracula
Frankenstein
I love Bride of Frankenstein Bride of
Frankenstein yes that's the best one I
think out of those old movies that's the
one I would be like cuz they're fine
like they're those the type of movies
that you don't actually have to have
seen to have know everything that
happens in them yeah they're so
ingrained and like our culture so but
Bride of Frankenstein I think is the
best one ah Oh got stuck in the wall oh
[Music]
yeah Bride of Frankenstein is like a lot
of real emotion in it in a way that I
don't necessarily get from the other on
there you go or whoever are do you ever
do deck that's what I get to I get
frustrated too easily those games and
give up okay so they're trying to talk
about Bride Frankenstein well yeah we're
AB Oh
the slash the anonymous that in the
movie classic movie monster yeah two
days retirement says whew six months of
subscribing first time tipping what do
you three Wisconsinites think of the
Twin Cities never been there great
places yeah I've been there a couple
times it's been a long time I probably
have been there in ten years
I have good friends that live up there
used to live down the street for me went
to high school with them
our kids went to the same school for a
little bit and they moved up there for
work and so we go up and visit at least
a couple times a year and great cities
super fun super fun times very uh there
are certain areas that are just so it's
so crazy like my friends live in this
neighborhood in which in a 10 house
stretch all the families know each other
and I'll have kids approximately the
same age and so the kids have the run of
all ten yards oh and there's no fences
and it's it's amazing and we're also you
just see like a kid will come into the
house like when we're visiting and use
the bathroom and yeah and it's like that
old-school neighborhood where kids can
just like run around and you know like
play kick-the-can or whatnot at night
because all the families know each other
okay kick the can right classic kick the
can so anyway I've liked my time I've
liked my time in the Twin Cities
oh whatever
oh he parked it through the wall he
broke the wall apart there's a new
discovery hmm
Dubey sandwiches Jay and Harlech yes I
know you guys didn't mean it
but you mentioning The Prodigy made me
revisit the band and lately bought their
newest album smack my bitch up the day
is my enemy I liked it that's all take
care of smack my bitch up so fine song
upside the head or like on the but I
don't know if they specifying the song
okay I believe it's upside the head and
it's it's about something else
oh I could have been pimping
well that's still domestic that's to
violence I seem to recall that song
getting a lot of flak when it came out
for being misogynistic yeah white people
that didn't pay any attention to what it
was about ladies here the title animus
is I'm not sure musicals are up your
alley but I would highly suggest
la-la-land
even though it comes out when Star Wars
does Damien Chazelle directed and Ryan
Gosling and there's a billion into that
people like a modern-day musical I don't
know anything about this I like musicals
I'm a fan of you I can't stand it you
know what
watch me not be surprised that rich
Evans doesn't like musicals I like some
I am perfectly okay with musicals I
think generally I like the weirder ones
but I guess that's not surprising he's
not even a little bit I just want to
shoot every wall now I like little
chapel whores sure let's top whores is
great this is look at this Oh are you
doing checking I'm checking all the way
she jumped over
oh the other room
there you go gobbledygook says somebody
good Jay have you seen or heard the
abomination it's a really low budget
difficult to find very gory VHS from the
80s about a young man who spits up
little nasty creatures that go on a
feeding frenzy I have not but now I need
to the abomination you know what we
might have a copy we got a bunch of shit
I'm gonna need a shower there
I think someone maybe has sent that to
us I don't have to look through a
collection the abomination yeah we may
have that that title is in my brain for
some reason okay if something goes on a
feeding frenzy I suppose we should watch
it well yeah little creatures little
creatures going on a feeding frenzy
yes Sam it's got little rubber puppet
monsters in it I'm in game child you
cases presidential election and just
under two weeks from now it'll be over
soon uh thank Christ you guys be
streaming the Wednesday after that can
be a potential horror film live on
television that Tuesday night also
Bucky's armed ah no we're not talking
about Bucky's are you done with Bucky's
arm huh are you done with Bucky's always
done with that Bucky's arm like when I
mentioned it once but you know like
bringing it up
Chad seem to be into it and then I guess
I wasn't to it a little bit all right
all those things were I made an
assumption that Bucky's arm was made out
of a certain type of metal
no don't shoot - he did he's got the
skills Jade that's true
I was playing doing it the easy way
because I'm no good it's just fucking
showing off now Jay how do you fucking
feel that he he beat that this is the
first time through dude he doesn't
believe video game get a little more
frequently but he did not lose a bar of
help I do play video games slightly more
else a little more than me
and so I don't I don't blame Jade every
wall now is a secret until until I find
out otherwise
[Music]
no okay doc oh you can't duck by the way
Oh see I know how to talk I didn't know
how to duck so yeah there you go
something now who's good at this game
Jay it's Jay cannot go down the light-up
weight bottom door for character unlock
I'm here I'm here already
rewind shock says Jay Jay have you seen
train to Busan or they look like people
nope
I love train but did not like they look
now I want to see they look like people
I know let's I think it's not Netflix
now China Busan is not plane anywhere
around here as far as I know but I'd
like to see it rich and Jack what's your
favorite horror film lol stab my
babysitter you guys Rock I mean
anything's close to my favorite horror
film viewers into horror comedy Evil
Dead do they do right Yeah right
Jack you have a favorite horror film I
mean I'm not super super into horror
I've seen a lot of horror movies and I
like blood and violence right but you're
not super into horror films but I'm not
super into horror film I mean II like
blood and violence and not be into
horror films I guess I'm not super into
anything you know we're just like I just
watch everything or just depressing I'm
gonna have fun Gorn violence favorite
horror horror films are a bit somber for
my taste probably like the thing that
got me into it as a genre was Nightmare
on Elm Street like that that that
borders horror comedy though it does but
like that was one of that was one of the
first ones I watched and I was like the
appropriate age where like I get this
now yeah the big fountain of blood
coming up from the bed gun well also
that series veers into fantasy as well
yes so that means it's not Friday the
13th it's not just a
slasher killing teenagers there's a
little more of a creative element to it
yeah so mitch is why I always like them
more as a kid okay I'll the fry it there
are no straight movies I need to see the
thing what you can't believe you ain't
knowing because I voted for yours
because I'm not a record fan but I've
seen I've seen clips online now I'm like
oh god that looks fucking amazing
oh yeah no that transcends just being a
that's not just a horror thing is class
that I get that now I did unlock another
character it seems to be some little one
with a bag on his head so I'm pretty
excited about that
oh that comes down the other birds
didn't come down you're gonna pop up
aren't you TNG after-dark says out of
everyone in Harlem who can do the cool
effect coolest backflip I don't think
any of us could get a back yeah I do is
pretty sweet backflip oh that was lucky
for you jack
what yeah horse oh yeah I knew that
mutant chaos us the most fun I've had
watching a horror movie this month is
Return of the Living Dead
oh yeah you guys seated well of eternal
living dead very long very very long
time ago
that's horror comedy I saw it so long
ago I didn't recognize that because if
she loves a small job oh really that's
the only my dad didn't care what I
watched but my mom wouldn't let us watch
our rated movies but that was one of the
two that she would let us watch and it
was because it was funny yeah so she
thought I guess she thought that would
like lessen it even though that movies
just got tons and tons of swearing and
like no frontal nudity did not know you
very well
can't handle for ya you know she's
trying to be a responsible parent but
but it was that what it was that my
mother is the one who made me watch the
Charlie Living Dead no my mom won't let
us watch r-rated movies but return the
Living Dead and jumpin Jack flash with
Whoopi Goldberg class which I jumpin
Jack flash I'm assuming that
lots of swearing in it too right I
haven't seen it so it was tiny that
seems like an odd choice oh yeah I don't
know why that one but returning let me
touch you let's watch and there's yeah
there's like like tons of nudity and
swearing like crazy and gore that movie
holds up to I still like that movie live
returning to me done
it's got a great soundtrack movie Boozer
says Jane have you seen any of the
coffin Joe movies like the 1964 film at
midnight I'll take your soul coffin Joe
was like a universal monster trapped oh
it's like a universe Universal monster
trapped a Mario Bava film I have not
I've heard of coughing Joe I've never
seen any of them coughing Joe coughing
Joe that's a whole series of movies with
coughing Joe that's a great title
coughing Joe Oh second billing here
let's see who we get get you a little
sweaty half here up we're gonna maybe
the right amount of Frankenstein that's
just some blob thing all right it's a
bat monster okay yeah the patterns are
so intricate yeah listen they're going
for classic here kill the bats kill the
couple little bats
I'm you'll be fine I know I gotta kill
this thing don't waste your time on the
bats well instead of you're you're like
dodging the going off of the left and I
don't know I think you need to stay on
that platform as long as you can
yeah you can't you know you can't really
dodge the bats because you know you're
free now yeah hey you don't dodge about
shoot the bats
I want to shoot the shoot bats we shoot
all the paths she's the big fat man I
can't you should've smell what's - I
have run out of candy corn that's not
true I only ate so much Oh none of us is
J
my lord you've been on many a prereq
stream over the years what keeps you
coming back well anything better to do
that that's why you gotta kill the
little bets you know like if I don't
think I can kill them that I got a run
that I wasn't paying attention that was
like you got it
there you go that one tiny bad guy at
the end
[Music]
oh you do Skellington Anonymous's rich I
personally think Dukat is the best Star
Trek villain so far with Kai Winn coming
in close second and Khan a distant third
agree
who cut Dukat I heard Dukat I don't know
about Kai Winn Dukat no loves her q Q
right
you know I don't does he count as a
villain or just kind of a foil because a
villain if kinda this person comes I win
as a villain q count exactly she was a
Bajoran Priestess of slash official oh
[Music]
fuck you Hugh wasn't a villain he was a
goddamn antagonist he was in more so
than Chi win but that's what I'm saying
he was a that's villain oh my god people
are all crazy living in crazy town crazy
town with a crazy men yeah like he's
villain do they have to be repeat
characters gonna be someone who showed
up in like one episode
yeah forget the actor's name the
Cardassian that interrogated the card
there are the torture episode there are
four lights yes that's a great episode
yes you threatened to destroy the human
race more than once and yes David Warner
Thank You Chad I guess I just don't
think of as a villain because like sure
he threatened to destroy the human race
but not like in a malicious way
[Music]
you know there's more for more for
funsies
cheep-cheep death cheap death it was a
cheap death
gahafer jaysis what's good fam yo
question mark does that mean does it
means nothing
Bam Bam it's slang for what what the
kids are saying who you are familiar
with okay Jay have you seen the Hannibal
TV series yet no it's gory and artsy as
fuck and seems like something you'd like
keep up the good work guys
or don't it's your lives yeah I've heard
lots of good things about that animal
show but I haven't watched it there's no
it's already off the air I think it was
three seasons I would not know I have
not watched it yeah I've heard it's
really good
is it Hannibal Lecter yeah it's a TV all
right I believe it's I believe it takes
place before red dragon someone can
correct me on that I'm not sure the time
frame it takes place Adonis's hi reg hey
Jack hello Jay
Halloween forever do you guys listen to
any podcast and so which one's my
favorite podcast at the moment is WTF
with Marc Maron classic I guess how does
something have one so no yeah else in
the WTF depend on who the guest is yeah
yeah
my favorite podcast used to be a killer
POV now it's called shockwaves it's the
same hosts it's a horror podcast
shockwaves shockwaves shockwaves you
mentioned one that was like creepy
stories Oh lor yeah they still doing
that they are it actually I think when I
mentioned it I don't think it was very
well known it's kinda blown up since
then and I haven't kept up with it okay
I haven't listened to it in quite a
while
but I really liked it when I listened to
it I like this monster pretty adorable
Jack did you have a podcast thing no no
I don't listen to podcast it's super
hard to listen to podcast while editing
people talking so there's large scary
stories are just urban legends or witch
what is it what is it Lord yeah I bits
stories that are based in real events
mmm
so sometimes there might be like a like
a folklore lore element to it but it'll
also be some some reality involved so
nice double hit there Jack I got it I
appreciate that
so on top of this
nemesis J I was the nurse who asked for
best of the worst movies for my patients
and you told me to play the Garbage Pail
Kids movie wait I showed it and received
a two-week unpaid suspension do you know
other movies thanks well now you got
some things Oh God make it fired oh my
god and you might get foot tarred and
feathered yeah you're you're a secret
finding just yes I know how games work I
know a thing or two about video games
I've played them 1 or 2
hey fresh juices Jack you like Valiant
Comics right yes I do like Valley in
comics
did you see the ninja versus the valiant
universe trailer it's a six-episode web
series coming out next year actually I
don't read it in Jack but I'd like
Valiant Comics valiant is doing some
interesting work they have this whole
series called the harbinger in which
every single person you're supposed to
root for is a horrible dickhead
they're like the worst people imaginable
but you know compared to the bad guys
it's just like I guess I got a root for
these guys and they're their antihero
they're anti heroes and they're great
yeah except for one who's with who's on
their like little team of heroes and her
name is faith and she's adorable but it
the ragtag group of psychics isn't isn't
in Jack just like James Bond doesn't
ninja is that the okay I dunno I've
never written in Jack I read Archer and
Armstrong with firm from valiance and I
read Harbinger and I know faith that has
her own series now which I'm waiting to
comes to trade and then I'm gonna read
that
but Archer and our song is fun it's
another fun one
Lola Arkon says Jay what messed-up idea
do you have to celebrate Halloween also
guy is what movie do you watch for
gratuitous amounts of gore that is
entertaining for the kids but Evil Dead
to snap EULA to and Dead Alive aka
brain-dead depending on where in the
world you live that Jackson film perfect
for the kids and yes for the kids that
every kid needs to be protected and
sheltered yeah I watched Robocop like
brand-new okay mom nobody flinched and
neither did I it that was awesome the
toxic waste guy kind of messed me up no
I love that the the rest of the violence
didn't bother me but that part he got he
got melted and it was awesome then he
got hit by a car and just exploded no
it's awesome but as a kid it was that
was the one part that was kind of like
oh I think I just thought oh that's
great
[Laughter]
[Music]
now what did I say something about
Halloween let me see if I've read that
wrong or just some kind of crime at
grammatical error in this sentence J
what messed up idea do you have to
celebrate Halloween was due on the day
I'm assuming yeah what are you doing
this Halloween that's what I'm assuming
um I don't have any plans for the actual
day cuz it's not a Monday right
Halloween's on a Monday this you see
that's the worst you see that curiously
placed harp Jack I do see like okay I
have to assume that that's a safe spot
yeah I would too but ah why wouldn't you
jump where the heart was I could I
thought they were tricking me I thought
they were tricking me with a heart
[Laughter]
Worcester you've washed her you know
video game status what you've lost it is
gone I thought they were tricking me now
yeah you've made me lose my mojo now oh
yeah that's my fault that's my fault I
have to go from the bit start how do I
get try new guy by sim wait what how do
you pick your guy ah press ENTER to
begin
it doesn't do anything try the mouse did
you have to do it when you start the
game
butternut bro shall face the horrors
butternut bro oh you have to start all
the way from the fucking beginning
different powers what's he vomiting he
can hold his mouth open
what is he vomiting what they explode oh
look at that
Oh bowl I'm Mouse hold on I need a
refill I need a refill of a beverage bye
Cynthia says guys come on play until you
get back are there any VHS VHS tapes
which you are always looking for but
can't find no we have we have like too
many yeah yeah nothing that we're
looking for well we do need some more
new keys that's the one thing we're
always on the lookout for whatever end
when we have enough once we reach our
goal it'll end the new key shelf it has
its own shelf now essentially it's
ridiculous absolutely ridiculous Nana
says Jay rich and I guess Jack - I'm
starting a best of the worst slash half
of the bag style review show with my
friends for public access television do
you have any advice on how to be good
sure do your own thing do your own thing
which I guess you're already missing on
now remember you can pay them oh shit
that's art I mean obviously we're not
the first show to talk about bad movies
so just find your own voice do it in
your style
yeah that was one of the only breakaway
walls I saw a little different the
breakaway walls here either okay back
I wonder if pumpkin had to held this
mouth open oh I don't know it ever done
your squash friend now you're gonna
squash head back your butternut butter
butter now turn up bro Vaughn butternut
bro tired senses
who would you guys cast in a cynical
2016 reboot a Ferris Bueller's Day Off
I'd say Anna Kendrick is Ferris Lena
Dunham miss Cameron Melissa McCarthy is
ed Rooney and instead of school it's a
company
sorry trying to make like the worst
movie ever is that your goal get Amy
Schumer in there too and then you'll
have a surefire flop just cast those
ladies from broad city they're great
yeah they're funny
Wood Wood Matthew Broderick be the
principal that's how you would do it
yeah cast some new up-and-comer as the
kid wins the principal Ferris grown-up
if you want to see Ferris grown-up did
they watch the movie election brother
plays a teacher I like to watch that
movie and the mindset that that's what
became a Ferris Bueller
Oh oh my god
that's workday my guys work thank you
because they would go to swap the soft
reboot Rob probably yeah at this point
and that's the thing you do like and I
don't think Faris would be the principal
but a father
oh no no he would be like at the
restaurant you know like and kind of see
what they're doing it no he'd have to
have more of a direct connect yeah yeah
that's the way you do these stuff yeah
Ferris jr yeah something like that
it's still got to be called Ferris
Bueller's Day Off oh there you go yeah
CNN like I guess in my head it's just
kids who have heard the legend of Ferris
Bueller's Day Off oh that could be and
then he shows up at the end like almost
like Han Solo I or he's like it's true
all of us you can do that yep
or better yet just don't make it or
that's the real just do that you could
just not make it you could you could
just not make that movie and just
re-watch Ferris Bueller's Day Off which
is a fairly good movie that already
exists wink
I've heard of people that criticize that
movie saying that they just don't like
Ferris as a character because he's so
self-centered the whole point of the
movie is that everything he's doing is
to help Cameron write everything he's
doing that day is is to try and get
Cameron out of his shell I don't have to
rewatch it there's a way you can look at
it like that like I think you can see it
both ways he's doing it for him and for
Cameron and for lady what's-her-name
Sloane like he's trying he is attempting
to give him and his friends the best day
ever but the one with the character arc
in that movie is not Ferris Bueller it's
Cameron right he's the one who decides
to stand up to his dad it's great that
movie would be nothing without Cameron
that's why he's in the movie he's the
best part of that he's what makes that
movie
nanyem says that slash comment was in
reference to rich NJ and the birthday
thing oh how you ruined the birthday
what rich ruined the birthday message Oh
yep yep nobody knew what that was about
we loved watching everything you guys do
and you're great for a laugh anytime my
Carosa 47 says Jake have you seen
Monster Squad yes they've talked about
it many many many many times I have not
watched it since that frozen Monster
Squad a double feature though how do you
be that's the last time I watched it
double feature because you still have
the magic of frozen in your heart
anonymous says regular viewing the pale
in comparison
that's why rich picture this you're a
brave Explorer of space you're on the
moon having a meal within a deep crater
when you see a dark magic wielding
sorcerer the sorcerer cries out you
realize it's Jade okay I've pictured it
know what that's it that's it no okay
four four one that's not any kind of
question that's hasn't before any kind
of feedback it's just a weird statement
yeah secondly how was the source we're
crying out in the vacuum of space on the
moon or in the vacuum in the near vacuum
of the Moon Jack you prick I'm just
trying to I'm trying to bring science oh
snap snap
what
no we MN says hello fuck woods fuck fuck
wit I don't think I've heard your take
on Ken Park an illusion free and honest
social commentary or just pretentious
exploitation hello I'll drop my Hilary I
haven't got any fucking clue is Ken part
can possibly Lenny Clark is that his
name the guy directed kids can park yeah
I think it's a movie directed by the guy
who did kids and I hate the guy who
directed kids
I think he's weird pervert what's his
name again
I Lenny Clarke no no it's like he
doesn't have a weird name like Harmony
Crane wrote kids he didn't direct okay I
want to make sure I'm thinking of the
right thing here Ken Park sounds
familiar Clark yeah no I will not watch
it because I hate Lenny Clarke so
alright he did an episode there was a
brief period of time where Showtime was
doing like remakes of old Roger Corman
movies and they did one called
a teenage caveman and for whatever
reason they let Lenny Clarke directed
and he turned it into like this creepy
softcore movie with teenagers it's like
it's a remake of a Roger Corman movie
and you even fucked that up
so I don't like that guy he comes across
like a creep now I'm so stip for me I
only wanna thank you guys for the years
of great content and ask if you will be
updating your merch anytime soon
specifically the lightning-fast VCR
repair schertz yeah more shirts are
coming pints are not we're done with
those
but yeah more stuff coming you're done
with pints more shirts coming yes great
I'm overconfident with with butternut
his shots are more powerful right I saw
what happened I was watching the whole
thing I need to train my system is there
any reason to use him I mean the pumpkin
man over him Eddie
pumpkin man shoots more like I can only
get like three explode ease-out yes so
if you're looking for more rapid fire
you go pumpkin which doesn't seem like
really need rapid fight I don't think
this is really one of those games I
think it's just the unlock all the
things you can yeah I don't really think
you need to worry too much about
strategy strategic strategic it's all
about the strategies
[Music]
but back back back back
many the Vera King says lens apocalypse
female warriors is available to Amazon
Prime members watching them the DVD is
still worth it for your guys commentary
though as I say yeah the streaming
version probably doesn't have a
commentary track but I just want to
watch the Len movie and you haven't had
the chance before if you're an Amazon
Prime music oh yeah it's great that
that's a great one I think he just put a
couple of his movies up on vhx to get
streaming service that we use he did he
did I want to say all of them all of
them are on there okay I I found them on
Twitter and yeah he's been mentioning
that recently so yeah if you want to see
any of lenss movies vhx is that your
streaming site
yeah bhx TV so i'm assuming his is
probably like killer wolf films dot vh
extra TV or something like that
AJ pimps all says saw the vampire
masquerade video on YouTube the comments
were a butthurt fanboy cringefest he
couldn't work yeah here's five bucks
towards making more of Jesus Christ shut
up already episodes a lot of people
didn't get what we were going for there
yep yep I mean Knights of the Old
Republic is is right up there I actually
want to give that a shot though as a
Star Wars game is a Star Wars game it's
a game that I remember playing a long
time ago and I was terribly dreadfully
bored by it
mm-hmm but what system was that for
everyone
Xbox oh everyone that was out at the
time how oldest one was that I feel like
oh how old is that game old yeah Exodus
okay what one Xbox one the first one was
a 360 no Xbox what I want to say when
Nintendo system would it would it have
been on one of those no no no it would
have probably come out on original Xbox
and maybe ps2 but it also could have
been an Xbox exclusive I'm not a hundred
percent sure about that it could've been
early Xbox 360 I guess it could have
been I didn't give it you know but I'm
not sure Jack you know who though yeah
it was Xbox and later ported to PC okay
Chet knows everything a butthurt vampire
the masquerade and fan and the chat says
just stay away from RPGs guys but early
clear they're not for you Jesus yeah
every once in a while we get some new
comments
on that video hmm we got a new head Nana
mice's favorite Simpsons Treehouse of
Horror also I'm a stupid moron with an
ugly face and a big butt and my butt
smells and I like to kiss my own button
I get reference I get reference how many
treehouses of Horror tree house of
horrors has there been now like 20 20
how long is the show been on I guess 20
basically yeah yeah one year less than
that yeah I mean the first one was
season two oh really yeah tree house for
the one with the homework traveling back
in time oh it's a great one it's also
got the shinning the shinning is the one
I like a lot yeah what's the other one I
remember the other one is in that
episode but no it was good
is that the one with zombies then might
make that Shakespeare Murdo show's over
Shakespeare it might be that one I think
that might be I they all kind of blend
together but I haven't seen I um since
like the first five or six seasons right
cuz like everybody else in the world I
stopped watching The Simpsons huh it
just keeps going though and I'm pretty
sure that was four could have been three
house three but I think it was four I
have no idea I do like the shinning one
a lot though
if you decide to jump for that heart and
then we didn't get it you stand feel
like going back you don't need it I
guess oh yeah I can't use it so Eldridge
says how do y'all love you guys love rlm
have any of you seen shin godzilla and
if so what did you think of it it was my
first Godzilla film and I fucking loved
it
that's great demon I'm really looking
forward to shooting Godzilla because I
really loved the the cheesy can help
didn't only play in theaters for like
two days or something though like it had
like a really limited release so I I
haven't seen it I don't think any of us
have seen it no I'm looking forward to
it though yeah whatever I love those
Godzilla movies I'm not a big enough
Godzilla fender yeah I'm not a huge
Godzilla guy I know it wasn't using an
ohm one of those they had him fight the
roland emmerich godzilla oh yeah
final wars or something I don't remember
supposedly the last Godzilla movie which
of course it wasn't
and and Godzilla demolishes I've seen
that yeah I've seen I've seen that clip
that's all I've seen yeah
riot cruces happy Halloween J I finally
got around to watching Twin Peaks and I
am almost done thanks for the
recommendation I sure hope the last
episodes are as good as you promised lol
Jerry my pie they are they are if you've
made it through the middle of the season
the posts of Laura Palmer killer reveal
episodes then you're in the clear the
last few episodes especially the final
episode are fantastic oh yeah if you've
made it this far into season 2 like if
you haven't given up already then you're
in good shape the last episodes
completely make up for what is mostly a
bad season half a bit there the first
half of the season is great and then it
dips down to being flat out bad you know
the James stuff is unwatchable yep I've
I've never watched it all the way
through once he leaves town and he's
seen he's in just fast-forward through
it's true and then I laughed because
it's very and then and then it picks up
again towards the M in the season so
it's just a little dip kind of right in
the middle but it's a big dip those
episodes are pretty bad they're just
scrambling it's like oh we had to reveal
who the killer is now what do we do and
no one had any clue
[Music]
nonnamous says the ultimate question
yeah if someone said they would kill you
guys unless you get your hands on some
heroin within the next 24 hours
could you do it like like morally or
could you literally would you be able to
acquire some not use it necessarily I
have no idea I've never looked into how
to acquire heroin yeah I know I'm gonna
say of course I'm gonna say yes I would
do my damnedest well I mean if
especially if your life is on the line
yeah I'm gonna say yes and a desperate
situation like that we have we have like
600 connections watching right now
that's we needed what do we need Jack we
needed us have got a technical drawing
person history and how many hits did we
get on that nets that seem like an
oddball request that well I was really
worried about putting out that out there
like thinking like yeah no one's gonna
be I guess I guess what you're saying is
if anyone listening is a heroin person
email pre-ride we don't need any and
we're not gonna buy any but if you know
if you're a heroin type of person your
heroin guy and you you couldn't get your
hands as you marrow right contact that
red letter media no no no that'll get
ignored there prereqs
email us if you know how to get your
hands it's Maryland the subject line
heroin don't don't know Jack don't you
think this is fascinating experiment no
one is completely anonymous we won't
tell anybody and you're gonna lie about
it anyway so it doesn't matter I just
want to know if you could give us some
heroin if you could give us some Aaron
send a son of you know the prereq this
is the worst idea are you our email with
heroin hey mister ream somewhere
how do you know how many did as I said
six and I hope I've now I don't think I
made the end button I feel like I'm
close to the end and I want to say he
looks like a mad ball don't do heroin
also don't recommend doing heroin I love
him this is my favorite he's a great he
looks like a mad ball do you remember
man balls no you might've been a little
too young I'm sure you remember bad
balls right yeah yeah I'm a youngin and
you grew up on a farm you don't know oh
fuck I was one scull away and mad balls
didn't make their way to the farm
nope just supergirl everyone knows that
uh-oh mines me that documentary about
the Fantastic Four is out now oh oh you
can get it let's watch what's it called
again doom doom where's that available I
don't know if the DVD or blu-ray is
available but it's on iTunes
oh it's like streaming you can rent it
or buy oh I'm definitely good at math
can you get like Amazon probably okay
I'm assuming if it's on iTunes it's
probably on Amazon as well oh that's
very excited yeah it's out there come on
they they wasted all of their promotion
I think they were probably just tangled
up in legals stuff sure trying to get
that taken care of
yeah be careful I'm sure they would have
loved to have a come out around the time
of the the new Fantastic Four disaster
and for tester yeah and for stick pen
for stick the blu-ray doesn't come out
until December ok well it's on iTunes
you can see it then which is all that
really matters
future famous person says I went to
class early and wrote I want that juicy
shack made on the board a few minutes
into the lecture people noticed and the
whole room left for stood up and took
pictures didn't take credit I was smart
that was a smart move the question is
were they laughing because they got the
reference or just because it was so
random and weird that's the question and
I'm not sure what the answer is yeah the
people who took pictures did or did they
did they just think it was some weird
thing you wouldn't care enough if you
were taking pic you know to take a
picture just yeah your random thing on
the board mmm probably not that's just
speculation sticking with it I'm
sticking with it but god lyric says rich
Jay and Jack what was the last superhero
costume you warm if you feel like
wearing a costume at a video game
there's a little game called DC Universe
Online for the ps4 and it's free you
fucks what is the story behind this
joining GAD what vs. DC Universe Online
er it's for you folks whatever they know
that gets set alive it's one person oh
it's just that's their thing okay he's
gobbledygook it's a game that has been
rec aget a lot of recommendations yeah
to get four games we should play and one
of them that we get a lot and now it is
a running gag is DC Universe Online okay
and it is free-to-play it's a
free-to-play game and I think you like
gobbledygook just hit that point where
it's like it's free you fucks you can
play this and now that's the bit okay
when I can never play it though okay
this that's the problem
superhero costume I don't think I've
ever worn one space cop I guess is that
counting hell I never wanted to be a
superhero for Halloween when I was
growing up if I wore a superhero costume
for rlm I don't think so ah you know
when I was a kid one year I'm spider-man
for Halloween which is somewhat
appropriate last last year we as a
family we dressed up as superheroes and
I was bizarro so that was uh probably
the last superhero dressed up as who's
bizarro I had a big thing like hairpiece
paint in my face and did the whole no
one knew who I was but I was with
Superman and Lex Luthor and Supergirl I
mean you know little backwards s and
they just called me Superman as well
it's like no no I had a purple outfit I
had the whole bizarro look was your skin
white huh where's your skin white yeah
yeah yeah this should have got that big
most people probably know who bizarro is
probably but he was on Super Friends
Sassie rich since thank you Richard
I'm Aiden sense some Harlem Funko's like
a year ago you guys ever get those are
now also I showed society to my friends
last weekend they reacted they reacted
exactly how you'd expect I'm showing
them how soon next oh that's a great one
to show to of course how soon Japanese
movie really really crazy visuals yeah
somehow released through criterion
yeah houses a great one to watch with a
group of people and here rich is giving
you the answer to your question I I want
to say we've shown those on stream
before before the fun codes you might
have missed them the other ones are
around they're scattered throughout the
studio so thank you for sending those
they're great yeah I know I know you
like to put them on top of the TV stand
but they're always in the way of like a
computer like a taskbar you can put them
wherever you want I think I just put
them there shove under there watching
over us fuck you oh sorry chin says good
evening jay jay and our do ghost movies
ever creeped you out or does knowing
ghosts don't exist just make the movies
matt to you i don't believe in ghosts
but some movies just ruined me team
butternut bro yeah i don't i don't
believe in zombies either but I like the
Romero zombie trilogy
yeah yeah I mean it depends on how its
executed I guess supernatural horror
movies aren't my favorite mm-hmm I like
some like poltergeist I didn't used to
be able to appreciate stuff like you
know ghost hunters think I kind of stuff
I used to be able to appreciate that
stuff more yeah I don't know just
something about being older I have a
harder time suspending my disbelief
so if it purports itself to be you know
true story
sadly that that I can't enjoy that as
much as I did once upon a time
same with same with aliens and
conspiracy series I used to oh sure
anything about UFOs yeah yeah I just I
can't anymore
I never had much of an interest in alien
stuff like alien abductions and their
evidence is just too bad it's too bad
and I can't even let myself yeah go with
it on the same way especially with those
ghost hunter shows I've never ever been
able to take those seriously like I'd
say for the last year I've been looking
for just a good like think about you
like UFOs or something like that and I
can't find one because I'm just this is
so clearly clearly bullshit UFO FILES
you're just stating things you're not
presenting any kind of evidence you're
coming up with the craziest conspiracy
you could think of and you're backing it
up with zilch
give me something
but when it comes to movies I mean
that's a different beast entirely
oh absolutely oh my god yeah we got some
look at all them gummy heads got some
shenanigans happen oh this is great
you got the pattern already anyway
because just like Skeletor these Scouts
are in the comic and the cartoon where
an outfit like this no like a purple
robe well he's got he's got like a hood
kind of thing that's not as large as
that and he doesn't have full robes he's
got like the exposed gay bar chest thing
going on that's right yeah yeah
you doing push-ups what is that no no
dance
that's my booty dance cuz I beat
Skeletor your butternut dance a
butternut dance oh by the way before we
get too far away from the topic we were
talking about earlier was supposed to
call aliens on the moon I don't know
it's the one where they just take
pictures of the moon and they highlight
just random blobby shapes different
colors and say look it's a thing oh is
that a spaceship what's that called
is it just called aliens on the moon
it's on Netflix mister was Oh either you
or Mike showed me clear that at one
point Mike someone who showed me first
okay yeah I don't remember this is the
most ridiculous thing I've ever seen
yeah I don't remember just a shadow and
they put like a circle around it little
bit take a picture of like some rocks
then you just randomly color three of
them blue highlighted look at that it's
a joke there's no way that that Rock
former ghosts on the moon is it actually
trying to be Superman no it's trying to
say alien bases okay I don't remember
that is there another thing about ghosts
on the moon rich ghosts on the moon
would be great this is like frog church
looks like sand you're leaving uh-oh
human randomly changed or murdering them
because you're a jerk I'm trying not to
but you know I'm here in frog they wake
up and they come after you right
murder them no no it's probably an
achievement from not verbing them and
that's how I feel about it
anonymous says Ferris Bueller vs Zack
Morris vs. Parker Lewis versus cop dog I
don't know the above well I mean Parker
Lewis can't lose
so I guess mmm
James revered acknowledge your honor
that came out the same time they had a
Ferris Bueller TV show yeah and even
though Parker Lewis is a blatant
knockoff of Ferris Bueller it was
superior in every way yep well that
Ferris Bueller show I don't even know if
it lasted a full seasons her I remember
watching one episode and thinking this
is terrible I watched the first episode
I was like no there was a Ferris Bueller
show there was and it's Emeritus yeah it
didn't last a full season the bitchy
sister on it though yeah in the movie
it's played by what's-her-face Jennifer
Beals yeah on the show it was Jennifer
Aniston really yeah pre pre famous
Jennifer Aniston now it's not as bad as
the Bill & Ted TV show that was bad yeah
it was Bill and Ted adventures
live-action TV show I don't think that
lasted a season either I don't think
that lasted an episode they may be the
only actor they got back from the movies
was Missy I think I think if I remember
I miss you isn't it she's like the only
person they got back they did a cartoon
though and that actually had Jana Reeves
and Alex winter oh yeah they did that I
think that might have lasted a couple
seasons I didn't watch it really
interesting but yeah that was actually
them I don't think they got George
Carlin for it but it was counter Eve's
and Alex winter tired and sad says have
you guys ever been unable to separate an
artist from their scandals to enjoy
their work like Mel Gibson Bryan Singer
Polanski Woody Allen etc I saw that
article like it was like Mel Gibson
everybody's okay with him again oh yeah
just recently because of some new movie
right because he's directed uh like an
Oscar babe movie
yeah that's like I don't know you you
can never like I get you can if you can
just numb yourself to their scandal but
it's always there
we're trying to think of someone who I
was actually really fun of that had a
scandal like that and I'm drawing blanks
I mean everybody loved Bill Cosby right
everybody loved Bill Cosby oh no and
that's that's ruined forever I was a I
was a huge fan of his stand-up I was
that he was a little bit of Alexis Bill
Cosby really about everybody in the
world literally hate him but that's a
bit ruined Mel Gibson's a dickhead like
but he's just a dickhead like he sucks
he is a dickhead yeah there are people
that have done much worse thing
absolutely absolutely
III would say for me it's victor salva
who i know i talked about once before he
did the Jeepers Creepers movies okay
when the arts has some sort of
connection to the artists as far as like
what they were guilty of and you can see
it in their work Oh like what
well victor salva he molested a boy a
young boy on the set of a movie you made
a movie called clown house oh god the
the lead actor was a little kid somehow
he continued to be able to work in
Hollywood he made these Jeepers Creepers
movies which are about this hideous
monster that preys on young children so
that is like now I can't I can't
distance myself from this at all no like
this creature clearly represents him so
nope God
yeah that's horrible so things like that
where it's like you can directly see it
in in their their work yeah like no
Chris Collins says hey guys let's change
this yep just wanted to suggest slash
remind you guys to see demon weddings
last possession movie and also I call
bullshit artist
that's for J oh well make my vulva sore
bullshit artist that's from the greasy
strangler which is a wonderful movie
that most people will hate okay I'm not
so familiar with it it just came out but
I'm not so familiar with many things so
not a surprise
that's nothing alien that thing yeah oh
yeah where everything this looks pretty
great monster wise yeah I'm really happy
with with their direction on this game
oh you're gonna die fuckin around that
spider here you go I don't know if I can
make it through another run I could use
a heart right about now loner our code
says bucket hey guys wait what movies
would you use to torture your audience
assuming that they are forced to watch a
clockwork watch it a Clockwork Orange
style their eyes open also what movie
what movie will we wear to torture
someone with a movie things thanks
thanks things are the jar ooh the jars a
good one thing the jar is less watchable
than things you might be right
yeah you might be right I didn't see the
tomb but that was more just boring right
yeah yeah that would drive anyone to you
know crazy so that's kind of what makes
the tomb horrible to watch the tombs not
the worst suggestion is the two worst
movie to be forced to watch than the jar
no I mean it's less pretentious so it's
not as bad oh okay
I mean Kevin we didn't get a new
character no are you done yeah you have
to start over from the beginning
alright I've never played are you doing
you're done for tonight actually it's
what time do we start 7:00 7:30 we'll
play a little bit more you want to get
through the tips I could through the
tips I left off at loner Eric on must be
over to the new guy too
I felt pretty I felt pretty good about
that run
what's this guy's name a skeleton you
have a shotgun now rich look and I kind
of love that ooh I can jump farther
black Kenny yeah those those reach
farther than the candy corn that's great
that's great a lot of people on reddit
or wanting to know if there will be a
half in the bag 2016 roundup near the
end of the year and will there be a fuck
you it's January I don't know if I'll
fuck you is January we will probably do
a roundup I've seen lots of stuff this
year that we haven't discussed yet not
so good stuff - oh good also Jack and J
either clerks review or commentary track
people love those shit their tracks yeah
I think that I mean we'll do more
commentary tracks clerks it's just like
a bunch of static sighs yes sculling de
I I forgot about the secret yeah yeah
yeah clerks it's probably better for a
review we could do a review I got I got
some shit to say about clerks we're sort
of specific about what we want to do for
commentary tracks cuz we want them to
hold up and not just be us kind of dryly
talking uh-huh you know you want to have
it be something that people can
relisting to because it is just I was
talking yeah so I'm doing this delivery
I want to see what's up there what's up
we're up up there up there to the right
you can get up there after you go
through I don't think you need to go
this way
you can get it from us you can't wait
yeah thanks oh yeah oh yeah no that's
fine thought I was finding some new
absolutely no that's great Jay talked
about the curling iron scene in The
Exorcist TV show oh my god I can't
believe they got away with that what
network television first of all the
exodus TV show is great shockingly good
and they do I don't wanna give away too
many spoilers because I do recommend
people watch it I don't think a lot of
people are like I don't think it's doing
very well ratings wise even though it's
kind of great but they'll do things that
sort of are like a subversion of what
you would expect based on the movie
because there's those those hallmark
bits from the movie like the head
spinning around and the vomit vomits
masturbating with the crucifix so in one
of the recent episodes they had a bit
where the teenage daughter that's got
the demon in her she almost like a
cutter you know and she's not a cutter
but she takes a curling iron and she'll
like press it on herself
okay sure and and she's in the bathroom
and she's got the curling iron it's hot
kind of goes a little frame with it and
yeah jobs that somewhere one should show
which isn't exactly what you'd expect
with it well but it's not a crucifix
and you don't see it coming you're not
expecting her to do that dreamer TK you
apparently need to see The Exorcist yes
does this TV show is really really good
it's smart it's well-written it's mature
it's not because I think of like the
fourth movie where it's like oh we got
to put this in it listen and all these
like Exorcist hallmarks but do it more
extreme and silly right it's it's a
really well-done show when a dreamer TK
was just saying masturbating with a
crucifix what like oh do you not know
what happens in the exorcism a dreamer
TK needs to see The Exorcist you should
see The Exorcist because it's the best
horror film ever made
yeah I don't need to go back down there
right I think that was just a bonus
we have dude but okay I forget
well is there a room down there too I
don't know if it's a ruined some of the
extra rooms you get a pump out an extra
pumpkin which is a life the next your
life and I forget whether this was a guy
or a pumpkin there's another moment the
most recent episode then that's kind of
like I can't believe they got away with
this on network I don't want to give it
away no don't give it away everyone
should watch it everyone should watch
The Exorcist TV show and apparently
everyone should watch it even though
this shouldn't need to be said everyone
should watch The Exorcist yes boom also
the British priest on the Exorcist TV
show is the best constant is is the best
Constantine than ever
Constantine lol stabbed my babysitter
assuming the comic book character
Constantine I only got one life that
guy's great on the show only got one
life yeah it's cuz I did those
experiments well fuck it oh oh yeah just
start over yeah you're welcome to glue
he just says thanks for the hours of
streaming crocodile Francis thank you
for still being broadcasting at 11:45
Eastern has anyone watched to mr. robot
welcome I won't throw that was super
nice of you as it turns out I'm a super
nice dude I know I know I know
okay mr. robot I haven't seen it I've
heard good things but I haven't watched
it I've heard very mixed things some
people go that's the worst thing ever
you know I'm sure it's fine I'm sure
it's not the worst thing ever
you know I'm sure it's better than the
jar yeah I guess we've got a higher
threshold for worse things ever than a
lot of people right right
build your immunity up yeah I can handle
anything at this point
oh yeah except for boring that's the
except for boring yeah well yeah that's
the problem is a lot of them are boring
now let's see here if it was made do you
guys think Tim Burton's Superman lives
would have been as bad or worse than
Zack Snyder comes worse yeah I don't
know
worse worse it would have been a worse
representation of Superman probably Oh
bad but it might have been a more
interesting movie oh he really wants all
them rooms I do I think much like the
Batman movie you know we're finally in
that period where we can look back on
the Batman movies and be like hey I see
I still think we're bad movies are
interesting in there for a while well
you know what shocks me in hindsight how
bad the costume looks oh yeah he can't
move his head why I got always noticed
that but I don't remember looking so
cheap I'd have to rewatch it I haven't
seen in a long time so no I mean Nic
Cage as Superman yeah it's terrible I
think no but it would have been it would
have had way more personality it would
have been a more even if it was a
failure it would be a way more
interesting failure than no wouldn't
have been Superman oh sure I am I do it
again you did I'm not a secret oriented
as you Jack I just get through the game
oh well if you want to just get through
the game yeah okay oh don't forget to
move them up yeah no it definitely would
have been a bad representation of
Superman but I think it would have been
a more interesting film I'll take that
oh yeah I mean it's hard to say because
it doesn't exist right no no I will I
will take that viewpoint I I think it
would have been bad though like I I
don't know oh yeah I don't know like
that and I mean I read the at least
Kevin Smith's treatment of the script
and that has nothing to do with the
version that they were gonna make though
well but that's what sold Tim Burton on
and you you could have assumed they
would have taken the bones well watch
that Death of Superman lives movie maybe
you'll take the draft that you ended up
going with
anything to do with Kevin Smith's if I
recall okay maybe he just really wanted
to work with Superman it doesn't
necessarily mean Kevin Smith that's the
script that sold me on it just gonna be
hello Superman
yeah I'm Tim Burton I wanted to say yeah
I know I it's been a while since I've
seen that documentary I want to say he
completely rewrote it after Tim Burton
came on board Oh like they didn't want
anything anything to do with the Kevin
Smith okay
he wasn't enough of an outsider the
character of Superman
yeah yeah Tim Burton movie a little bit
more quirky yes because that's what
Superman fucking means I've just that's
why it still wouldn't a bit of Superman
right sure I'll take this opportunity to
once again publicly thank this season of
Supergirl yep for giving us an actual
Superman no Superman's on it Superman's
on it now because like they've just
decided to say fuck it and buy their own
thing outside of the movies yeah is he
out of a lot no no he was a little bit
of the first two episodes and he's back
to Metropolis now see that's weird to me
that they have the DC Cinematic Universe
and then they have TV shows that have no
connection to it right at the same time
but that's commending the show's exist
in their own TVA universe oh so the TV
shows connect yeah okay the TV shows
connect I guess at least there's that
confusing mess all that DC stuff this is
the problem with comic books in general
yeah you know like I love the guy who
plays Barry Allen on the flash TV show
he's fun he has a great time he's a good
flash good character and I'm gonna watch
this movie and just check it's not that
actor hmm just like when you read a
comic book and like a different artist
comes on and you just go how it's not
drawn the way
like yeah that happened so often but in
any case the Superman Superman is on
Supergirl and the new season is pretty
good and he's he a large part of it yes
no no he's just a small part but you
know he's a good super little Hebe no no
he can't he like like I was telling rich
this the other day one of one of his big
things like there's this tiny little
scene where he's walking past a group of
soldiers he's like hey how's it going
hey thanks for serving your country
really appreciate you so he acts like
Superman he acts like fucking Superman
and they put him in a situation in which
his main goal is to rescue people and
like it's not about him being in danger
it's about other people it's crazy how
well they did this Superman
how does he compare to the Dean Cain
Superman I'm Lois and Clark the new
adventures of see right it's been a
while
Dean Cain actually Dean Cain has a role
in Supergirl what yeah I'm assuming
that's an inside joke right
he plays super girls adoptive earth
father okay he hasn't been around like
at all he's dead but like yeah in the
first episode of Supergirl like Dean
Cain looks kind of funny it's about yeah
and like just in this latest episode I'm
gonna forget her name who played Wonder
Woman on 70s Wonder Woman Lynda Carter
Lynda Lynda Lynda Carter is now the
president of this earth okay and so she
showed up and made a couple they have
some fun with it
it's way as fun I remember that they
have fun with this superhero that the
thing you said makes no sense to me
yeah and it's crazy yeah I tried to look
for a secret over there to I think
that's just a dead zone I don't remember
much about Lois and Clark the TV show I
know I watched it a little bit not a lot
and and how happy are you that it is
reported that George Lucas has zero
involvement in the Indiana Jones 5 that
Spielberg is
I'm shaping the film story who cares
I'll be honest with ya after crystal
skull its hi-yah is I really never make
me happy as if they announced that they
decided not to do it is it is it still
Harrison Ford yep
oh then I then I doubled on here I don't
want to see grandpa
Indiana Jones no not Indiana Jones give
it to Chris Pratt that guy's great
okay he's just waiting to be Indiana
Jones yeah I don't even know why
Spielberg would want to do another one
right he kind of did Crystal Skull is
like a favor to George Lucas like he
resisted it for the longest time he
didn't really want to he doesn't want to
go out like that and sure but maybe if
he's trying to redeem himself from the
last one cuz I I don't think he thinks
it's a good film right it's one of his
worst movies that couldn't you get you
mean you can tell by watching the movie
like his heart's not really in it mm-hmm
as far as the filmmaking goes I think
that's the the best the best answer is
he just doesn't want to end Indiana
Jones like that but I don't want back I
don't wanna watch grandpa Indiana Jones
yeah no offense to Harrison Ford but
that man's old and it's time to start
taking old man roles not not Han Solo
Indiana Jones anymore he worked his old
man han Solo
because I was actually a part of the
movie sure sure he's older you can do
that like Indiana Jones like no one
wants to see him old no no no one wants
to see him old I want to see him punch
Nazis you can't do that as hi J rich and
not Mike my friends and I love you all
much so I used my recent paycheck to
tell you this best of by the way J do
you or Mike see Specter
I thought oh the the James Bond movie no
and sit well good the the cardi Meister
thought it was shit compared to Skyfall
so yeah I've heard it wasn't very good I
think that's the general I'm not a huge
James Bond guy anyway
well there you go I think it's a shame
this is like it's the Blofeld one it's
like one of the few notable reoccurring
Bond villains oh really
yep showed you how much I know about
James Bond huh
okay recruit more prints for you it's
the closest James Bond has to an
arch-nemesis has already seen Evil Dead
wanted to and The Shining but they need
a must-watch Halloween movie trick or
treat Trick Trick are freeze yeah not
trick or treat Trick or Treat from a
couple years ago the Michael Dougherty
film that is that is the closest you'll
get to a must-watch Halloween movie the
it captures the spirit of Halloween
better than any other movie there you go
trick or treat
our treat I second that you know what
that you want to legit a horror movie
picked for me it might be that yeah
check our treat yeah Halloween party
years ago I don't know if you know what
I remember watching a little bit of it
and kind of being middling that there
was that one segment with the with the
actor from happiness oh yeah and I'd
like to I like his segment him as an
actor he's good and then there was an
Anna Paquin and a Paquin yeah there's
the werewolf segment I think I was I
think I was kind of middling about it
but we were half watching because you
know as a party exactly so
[Music]
now it captures every because it's an
anthology it captures every aspect of
Halloween you get it from the little
kids perspectives like trick-or-treaters
know yeah you get it from the the
teenager perspective you get the grumpy
old neighbor that doesn't like Halloween
it has all his bases covered it's it's
perfect it's the perfect Halloween movie
oh great
Trick or Treat trick or treat Trick or
Treat we watch for best of the worst of
the word and that's fine too if you can
track it down but it's not it's not a
must watch the letter R trick-or-treat
shooting the bats is the way to go well
well you got the bone you have the
scatter gun you can shoot the bat and
the big bet the little bats and the big
bat so settle down let me have my moment
jack we'll see how far you get then
we'll see if you get your moment that
Michael dirty who did that and he did
Krampus I need to see Krampus Krampus is
a ghost watch Christmas movies almost
that it's almost Christmas it's almost
it's time to watch Krampus but he is
directing the next American Godzilla
movie real which is an interesting
choice that is interesting and it
bothers me because that means that we're
farther away from getting trick-or-treat
- he's would talk about that for years
no he does all this other crap instead
well although I can't complain cuz he
did Krampus he likes money and getting
paid for that stuff yeah originally it
was announced that he was writing
Godzilla - but then it was announced a
little bit later he's directing it as
well is there way up there yeah how we
can jump on that little gray thing down
yeah
the hell did you find that jack because
i I don't need I don't know how I'll be
honest with you I found it
you were just built for this kind of
shit this is this is my kind of game
look I thought I was leaning on spikes
it was terrifying
[Laughter]
let's see here J when can we get a
higher quality version of mr. plinkus be
boston service never great that movie
will never be a high quality both as far
as the picture and the movie itself heyo
any chance of an extended cut of feeding
frenzy will ever get released I watched
it on one of the new year streams a
couple of years ago and loved it much
love no no there you go
we use Panama in that we're not gonna
pay for the licensing rights for Panama
hmm
any particular reason why the extended
reviews are on Soundcloud as it as
opposed to band camp like the
commentaries because we're trying a new
thing I'm just sort of experimenting
weird lots of services out there guys
see which one works best yeah
there we go let's see here please tell
us more about the lost Howard the Duck
drunk commentary track would you ever
try to record it again please I loved
that movie when I was younger still a
guilty pleasure I think we didn't we do
that contrary twice yes we did it sober
three times
no I think we did once just like trying
to do a normal commentary and it was a
failure answer like while as an
experiment let's try and get really
drunk for it and that was a giant
disaster not even yeah well you know you
never know yeah it could turn out
hilarious absolutely could turn out to
be a sloppy mess in a not funny way and
that's what it ended up turning out is a
sloppy mess in a bad way so we've tried
it it was a regular commentary and as a
drunk out Terry in a failure down I know
I saw you do it oh god damn it well my
reaction time was not good enough so you
know Howard the Duck could maybe be like
a review but we don't it where it
doesn't have to be the entire length of
the movie sure maybe it was an attempt a
bad one but it was an attempt he's doing
more commentaries Jack drink
I don't know what that means dreamer TK
yo you'll get you'll get some quality
drunk Jack soon enough how much was this
game by the way I don't know I got a
nice gift I think it was relatively
inexpensive totally worth it so ya know
it's fun game hopefully hopefully you
have some sort of slant o meter oh no
it's not I mean it's not bad no it's not
that noticeable good it's noticeable to
me
right cuz I'm adenine but I'm very
curious how that ended up
so far so good as I was so blasted
oh well I can answer part of this and
Jake can answer the other part how long
does it typically take to film edit and
upload an episode of best divorce well
filming is all fucking day yep it's a
full day because it's three movies and
then usually at least an hour
conversation lately it feels like it's
two hours almost every time yeah it
keeps getting longer for some reason too
verbose yeah we just keep talking about
this crap it's crazy so edit how long
what's what do you think is a typical
average edit for at least a week it's
it's it's a long process at least a week
at least a week I believe that I would
say on average all week long usually how
long usually I would say about a week
average of a week sometimes more it
depends on how long the discussion is
and trying to figure out what to keep
and it's it's it's a pain in the ass
gigantic gigantic pain in the ass I
believe so many parts to it but it's
just you guys watch some movies it
should be you just sitting there talking
how hard is that
someone says some funny put it in and
then we're like what's an upload on that
or you just kind of leave it overnight
um just leave it overnight it's like
generally like you know what their hour
is an hour yeah an hour of 1080p
motherfucker
yeah so that's a motherfucking long
upload mm-hmm all right let's see here
well we got NC's 1701 the D speaking of
Bill and Ted Alex winter what are your
thoughts on freaked oh I loved read
before yeah I don't know if I saw
freaked for the first time now as an
adult I don't know if I would love it as
it's hard to say I can't separate you
know growing up with it yeah but it's
very creative and very weird and there's
lots of wonderful practical creature
effects in it well there you go
also have you watched - Adam Wingard
segment in VHS - I mean VHS - in a
winGuard did your next and my guests
which are both great movies and then II
unfortunately did the new Blair Witch
which is bad wait the new Blair would do
that yeah oh you didn't watch our half
in the bag on it you know what generally
I will only watch your half in the bag
if it's a movie I've seen okay and and
then usually I don't watch it because
like I can talk this is true and then I
could have a conversation with you yes I
don't always watch your half in the bag
program I'm sorry that's fine his
segment in VHS - I've seen VHS - I think
he did the one with the eye the guy can
see I replacement I barely remember it I
saw it once late at night and I was half
asleep
no so I don't know but the guests is
great and your next is great
[Music]
oh you're right NCC 17 it must have
moved down that that wasn't NCC's
question I was mixing two tips together
but we still talked about it
he didn't want to take responsibility
for that question apparently yeah
Oh have you seen any of the purge films
there's six by now there's three I'm not
I know no no I saw a part of the second
one okay my problem with those movies
like if you're gonna do that premise
it's so ridiculous
you need to do it in like a over-the-top
satirical Paul Verhoeven way mm-hmm
but they seem to take the premise
seriously yeah is not the way to go
because it's completely stupid if you're
gonna do it do play it a satire or
something but they seem to treat him
seriously so who cares yeah one night a
year where murder is allowed that
premise is dumb no no I think that's a
fair premise like unfortunately like
nobody wouldn't murder anyone that night
everyone would just like do insider
trading everyone would take the whole
year and find like all of the legal
loopholes to not pay taxes there are so
many things wrong with that price but
like that'd be a little bit of murder
they're probably a little bit of murder
probably that was like a rich heavens
take on a jack I'm proud I'm proud of
well that's that would be the Paul
Verhoeven's anchor you do something
satirical like crime is legal for
whatever it is 12 hours mm-hmm and yeah
like not a lot of people are just going
out and like stealing and killing people
everybody's yeah trying to figure out
like white-collar crimes do that's
interesting exactly that's it that's a
great purge form
white-collar crime yeah that's
interesting where they really destroy
society yeah I could be fun that's not
like all I've heard about the purge
movies is like it's it's this like we're
big world building premise but they're
all too focused on a single event where
it doesn't feel like a whole world and
so it's like I never got it but they've
made eight movies so they've made eight
they've made their on number 27 right
now a murder day wait did you just
destroy your lunch with your with your
bones one of these yeah no I don't think
so
I got hit while I was ducking on did you
or did you dish first and bricks up
there yeah wait wait go back
what what no I'm Tom that's why I fell
down oh yeah that's right sorry I
thought I thought it was a secret
I thought you stumbled upon a secret
I rich rich and Jack do not care about
VR at the moment so if there's a any VR
game if you're asking us if we've heard
of it we'd probably have not been paying
attention to it because we don't really
care about view we don't have one that's
expensive they're very expensive and
there doesn't seem to be you know the
must-have app store yet it's a whole big
discussion it's a whole thing it's a
whole thing
hello
whoa nice catch rich did you throw it
out for a second it was in mortal terror
I was in shock and horror
nice
noise nothing like watching a little
green skeleton wearing purple pains of
vomiting bones on other monsters you
know it works
it just works nice oh you're you're like
hip deep in pumpkins rich doing great
gotta keep the pressure on though don't
get sloppy don't get loose with it
Tiberius Kirk I did see the in-store
demo video of the guy falling on his
face oh yeah yeah what is this someone
was trying like a
lvr it was like a rock climbing VR game
and and he fell forward while while
demoing it fell on his goddamn face
he looked like an idiot good I hope he's
dead
no no you know how bees deadness family
suffice Oh God
his family suffers a horrible
embarrassment terminal embarrassment his
family dies of embarrassment I didn't
see that and we're done talking about
via Joe I was just about to scream for
you someone has a question that only you
can answer okay is there any chance no
of printing more red letter media
archive DVDs um probably not at this
point okay you can stream it right it's
you can stream it yeah it's available on
the VA check site oh okay well that's
that's what you need to know then
but the actual physical disk is now a
rare collector's item is there is there
something on the disk that it's not
available screaming uh the commentaries
which are worthless con Terry's are good
people like the commentaries everybody
likes got very dry well a good campaign
we have to we have to upgrade what is
available to us on VA checks so I can
add like the feeding frenzy commentary
and if there's enough space left over
maybe we can do the archive commentaries
okay the problem is the way vhx is set
up it has to be a completely separate
video oh really
yeah so when you have you know whatever
it is on the archive 20 videos or
something yeah it's another 20 videos on
top of that with the commentaries so oh
is that our yeah okay well that's good
to know but something like feeding
frenzy it's not that bad it's like
there's the movie and there's the
commentary it's just two different two
videos right right
but all those short films that's a lot
of stuff and they're saying what about a
volume - the problem is it's all crap
well no the problem is we used to make
stuff all the time
oh wait rich go back OOP so so we had a
ton of material built up down there oh
yeah you can see the cracks in them now
we shoot videos all the time that we
post on the website right so we don't
make as much random crap right so
there's not not a whole lot to put on it
that yeah we had years of random shit
built up when we did the first one who
knows if you can find any more random
shit exactly Never Say Never though okay
there you go
now let's see here rich Jack and Jay
love rlm and prereq you guys should
check out the Shadowrun games also any
possibility attending a review of trick
R treat and the sequel
there is no sequel well I think
somebody's fuckin with you trying to
this is the other thing I think the
reaction was supposed to be they made a
sequel but they didn't I don't think
that's what they're I think they're
trying to fool you I suspect like that
would be a really it would be a really
good idea to do a review of
trick-or-treat
if the sequel comes out sure cuz then
you get you then you get the twofer
that's very convenient that's how we've
done that now with Independence Day and
Blair Witch and there's plenty of them
yep because then you can do a half in
the bag I mean a new movie a review on
the old movies it's great boom boom the
best thing to come out of Hollywood
having no new ideas is us you know they
make videos about the originals really
easy for us to put out content now yeah
it starts the first trick or treat the
only trick or treat yep it's too too
late this year to do it so that would
have to be like a next year thing if we
were to do it as a tie-in with Halloween
which yeah you could really make it at
any point and then when Halloween time
comes around people will hold oh shit
wow you beat that one oh my god it's all
them bones
I beat them fast with my health sure
sure but you beat him that's all that
matters
J when are you gonna start your vlogs
again people want to know what you have
to say about the latest controversial
topic I guess right now it's it's an
election season it would be a good time
to do the vlog be a good time to bring
the bring the vlogs back now and you
don't have to destroy the spiders photo
right
oh my god let's see here rich here's
five bucks to get good you forgetful
fuck lol fuck my rock why do we get a
glitch i glitched out of the map and
we're done with four lives oh no I know
all the runes I'm done I'm officially
done
wait wait wait can you is there like a
[Music]
oh wait restart does that reset you the
beginning of just the level beginning
this is the worst oh let's just see what
I mean we have to end anyway so let's
just hit restart ah
rich what a disappointing ending you
were doing very I know I was I know I
was you were doing very very well
oh we get to see the story now deep
within Africa
I'm sure rich is very concerned about
the story an undead sorcerer lurks Oh
Dennis
we fought him he weaves an ancient spell
and spirits begin to rise XO cooler out
of his sleeves using my sleeve All
Hallows Eve now lads all right bah ah
like the nightmare begin Oh sad little
jack-o'-lantern No
no no guys bugs happen obviously like
this is a one-man team look at game by
Peter Lazar ski Peter doesn't have time
to check for every little glitch bugs
happen glitches happen it's frustrating
it's just unfortunate that happened
right there
yeah it's all understandable bud you
know send him that clip of where rich
glitched out and maybe a pageant all
right let's go hey guys sorry if this
has been mentioned before I know you
aren't into fighting games but check out
terror dome it's fun campy indie game
with Ghostface Freddy and pinhead terror
dome okay
have you ever Nev you seemed last night
no it's like the only good Canadian
movie I don't think I've ever even heard
of it no well we know we're not Canadian
you know we're not been 18 but maybe
they don't know we're we're from
Wisconsin and that's really close to
Canada yes we know Canadians that's true
that's true
I have family in Canadia is there a
movie where the commentary track is more
interesting than the movie itself I
don't know about more interesting but
evil - great commentary Troy has a good
comment so does army alert me if every
army of Darkness if I remember right
yeah any gamble any John Carpenter and
Kurt Russell controls a little China
that one's great or they don't talking
about the movie they talk about their
kids another John Carpenter makes fun of
Captain Ron those leaves I was an
interesting commentary what I remember
yeah the best thing ever but I was good
insightful commentary right so the mint
one that's better than the movie I got
one and yes I have listened to this
commentary track and I bought this DVD
the Ben Affleck daredevil movie okay
listen to the commentary track and all
it is is the director talking about all
the stuff he wanted to do and shitting
all over the movie oh god look how bad
that sad look oh really oh yeah and this
scene in the scene we wanted to we
actually thought about see
a flex head because he looked and we
didn't want him to look and we couldn't
get a take of him not looking here he's
supposed to be blind why is he looking
so the daredevil Ben Affleck movie I
even heard the whole thing but I know
for some weird reason Armageddon came
out on criteria ok hearing collection
and I've seen some clips of it on like
YouTube or something where it's Ben
Affleck on the commentary just making
fun of the movie and now the entire
premise doesn't make any sense
that's great but I haven't listened to
the whole thing but that sounds fun
that's great that's great alright and
sorry
oh wait also why do some people not like
Wes Anderson I can see that he has a
very he has a very specific and sharp
style if people don't like that style
they wouldn't like him yeah sorry I
meant they are supposedly making a
sequel to trick-or-treat which is why
they made the comic book I ran out of
room though they made a comic book of
trick R treat yeah I've never read it I
don't know what's in it no oh my god yes
we're gonna check up like mirror and
thoughts on terror vision I love terror
vision haven't seen it I have terror
vision on blu-ray right
the theme song will be stuck in your
head for days and there's lots of fun
monsters in it well great why don't we
take a moment and thank all the people
who subscribe to us caught up great I
burned through a couple that yep alright
hold on here we're gonna it's it's my
phone telling me that it's time to go to
sleep oh that's right there's an app
there's an app on your phone your new
iPhone before bedtime and it's supposed
to regulate your sleep schedule but
[Laughter]
which is done often I'm over here with
this dickhead who's done now
[Laughter]
all hand saw wow it's almost midnight
it isn't what's my name they should hold
hands I says well how Diggity damn wait
this one this one far later than
expected you know why because Halloween
forever is a pretty fun game yeah ah no
fear no Envy for 20 fuckin months in a
row know if you're nobody says go ghosts
and goblins
I got no ghosts and goblins blue wings
23 machine gun savvy total misanthropy
for Donnie Lee wait and fit Donnelly
tiny Tic Tac epic man you Zant's set the
sequel does that there's like hundreds
of sets like aliens yeah oh yeah that's
I would watch that we should just make
that why don't the guy who made the
movies dead that's I'm sure no one
renewed the copyright that's our next
project zat sense we've obtained a
sample of wolf dangerous alien species
known to man of course there's only one
alien species known to man I've never
seen no he's not an alien it's a guy he
turns himself into a catfish monster
deliberately right yeah that's a great
quick as he wants to find love he wants
to find love and he thinks he'll find
love as the catfish monster don't they
imply that at the end isn't in there
pregnant lady or something and he has
the lady and she dies and he's like
carrying her out into the okay okay okay
so the government is looking for this
for a super soldier project they've
heard stories of the monster of Alabama
or wherever it's filmed and and they
fired a DNA sample and they clone well
the monster the monster no the monster
isn't dead he's been making zat's all
along what the monster at the end of zap
yeah he's been making more sets okay
he's been impregnating ladies
making sense oh I get it I like it I
like a mad servo starts talking about
that just took up that pen fair errant
pacifist pussy boo theater J hooker for
twenty six fucking months in a row wait
ragged scribe fifteen months in a row I
love you guys
a Michele eighty seven for twenty six
fucking months in a row a Michele wants
us to mash those buttons evil dead run
krob for eighteen months in a row and
crop says two fucking months to go poop
dick 5079 you guys gonna do a six-string
it has a few bugs but it's a great game
rich will hate it though Oh twerk Jesus
John 1089 13 months in a row is my 13
month anniversary or replacing by 12
month anniversary yes yes that's how it
works
tightest of feel do be sandwich two
months in a row to be sandwich this two
months in and I just got my medication
for my manic depression well I make it
to three years open I have to keep
giving us the money and not your
medication right things it's good for
your health loner arch on twenty six
fucking months in a row
Telos of gaming tell us again that was
all those were sounded out yep Hiero gin
six no we MN Daedra please two days from
retirement to second T entire mented to
those two keys in the end I don't know
why today's retirement - that's the name
and I read it god dammit
today's from retirement to says guys
validate me and make me feel good about
this table that's gonna say comment
this is commitment he's getting ahead of
myself commitment should have two T's on
the end commitment committed it should
vend remove and Hren
van Rijn is the name optimist no hypno
Brett specs poor 21 fucking months in a
row nothing better than watching you
guys in the spooky month of October keep
it up
guitars Oh twenty fucking months in a
row guitars oh says rich have you ever
played any of the early Bungie games
like marathon or pathways into darkness
no great cynics River
[Applause]
Elvis delve is 27 fucking months in a
row Elvis says well I'll never get that
back Mac garages 47 chaos 14:28
still unemployed but forgot to shut off
the twitch sub so I have some money love
you guys and as always go fuck
yourselves will to tear both eyes out
turbo thiazide says local brewery made a
stranger thinks themed beer called
friggin bar by the time we get it it'll
probably be past Halloween but I guess
that doesn't matter
oh that's great I would like if anyone
has or knows where to get the the which
hard cider I can't ruin the name of the
company that makes it mhm but there's a
witch the movie the witch unofficially
an officially licensed the witch hard
cider yeah I've looked for it and I
haven't not been able to find it
anywhere
get on that intermittent hunchback Jack
for 17 months in a row take my money and
keep doing what you do easily my
favorite twitch stream thanks guys Thank
You hunchback tech star Horrible's 17
months in a row
jubilation fornicate left phallus there
is an exclamation point after jubilation
jubilation for I get my fellows
jubilation you're better if I thought
wow pretty Oh so Sergio but you know
what that felt that felt good that felt
right this is knowledge junkie fifteen
months in a row lol ides my March atomic
mafia mr. creepy Grand Moff Kali 24
fucking months in a room poke my phone
crocodile brain 24 fucking months in a
row you guys are just the best as always
hello to Jane can we just ban daylight
savings time already for the love of God
lol don't touch my clock yeah well you'd
have to touch it at least one more time
because we are currently in daylight
savings time yeah we should leave it
like this we should stay in daylight
savings time all the time hmm that'd be
my preference sure hippie scum space
come oh no no not space camo but I said
it anyway so I'm gonna keep saying 26
fucking months in a row
happy Halloween d try D tried eat right
magical Flying Tiger Flying Tiger says
hi J oh hi observation 9000 nope
observer Tron Wow
observe Itron 9000 this is like nope I
got there eventually
[Music]
like no sorry P peacocking 9 that's a
penny urban bourbon for 12 months in a
row and urban bourbon says one year I
made it but now I must unsubscribe
because I need these funds to buy a
house
thanks for the year and thanks for the
cheers Thank You urban vermin and nobody
else cuz once again Jack read the last
one without saying and oh yeah you know
I have to say and Z and then you say and
ermine vermin and then it includes
everyone to say like thank you all for
subscribing I'm really appreciating
something at the all-inclusive thank you
but like we could just say that as a
separate sentence like all of you thank
you you know like you know I don't think
the and is really necessary it
punctuates if punctuates that we are
done talking about
