Episode 662
Dawn of the Dumb (part 1)
November 20, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M4C8Qy8Unr0
___________________________________________

we had some tough calls to make rich
yeah we had some tough calls it was
there was a debate going on for like I
don't know 20 minutes there was a good
20 minute debate on whether or not we
should stream J for minutes before we
start streaming J has decided damn
minutes that now would be an appropriate
time to upload the Halloween episode of
the best of the worst wait you know
which is fine it's got to go up some
people want to chant wanted to watch it
yep and we thought like we could we
could delay the stream we get to late
week I don't want to watch too honestly
um but then some people in the stream
didn't want us to the way I was looking
at the chat and I can all we said would
be starting at a certain time and you
know people you know they got here on
time right right why should we punish
those people I'm just messing around but
at that point I had already said okay
well delay it and the chat right and
there's a oh no no we're now we're being
jerks right we were being jerks I guess
so I guess if some people are watching
it I guess you could watch that and come
back or streams are shit anyway you know
they're just garbage
they're garbage the human garbage are
you fixing the crop yeah I just fixing
the crop all we're talking I was I think
I'm done oh remember we changed the crop
when oh yeah I'm just gonna great yeah
perfect right there
that's great oh god we changed it for
when we had the two cameras for when Jay
was here yeah so in any case we decided
this dream Jay is the Yoko free right no
no like like Jay Jay made a really
appropriate call as far as he is
concerned yeah it's super important that
you get the Halloween episode up before
Halloween and so it's bad time it was
earlier today but right that's the only
problem is it's just bad timing for
but so if you're if you're here that's
great
if you're watching both that's great
everything is great we are going to play
Zombie night terror I don't know
anything about this game it's a zombie
game it's a zombie game I was looking
for a Halloween game last night you know
I know it was three minutes and I
probably yeah looking for something that
was appropriate and fun rather than the
like the roulette we usually do and then
it sucks yep
I look this team's got their Halloween
sales going on right now yeah yeah yeah
what I got and I saw this oh this is
both cheap and it looks fun I tried it
out and I played it for hours last night
oh great
it met with my approval great also also
I know like you just got this brand new
Mouse yep best reviewed gaming mouse
this is the Razer Mamba tournament
edition and I can just save for my
personal handshape it feels like garbage
I hate how it feels it's like with -
it's too long mm-hmm and so like I can't
I can't get any fine that's the
appropriate Mouse from my grip right
this is the whole thing that I I never
really thought much of so I started
looking for a new Mouse that like
different people hold Mouse's different
ways it's like a 50/50 split there's
like you put your whole hand on the
mouse I don't know why anyone would ever
do that
yeah or you got kind of like a fingertip
grip for somebody like back your palm I
was like three different ones mm-hmm
yeah and I'm more of a fingertip grip
where I kind of grip it with my - you
know my ring my pinky my thumb to move
it that's where I get most of my
movement from I find movement but I am
you know I'm not a big fan of thumb
buttons I would rather have not super
happy with those I would rather have I
would rather have more buttons like here
that's where my mouse has the buttons
yeah am I kind of on the side of the
main button the one I should have bought
a duplicate of my old one yeah it's got
both it's got buttons up there and it's
got buttons on the side I wish he just
got another one of those but I didn't
well you saw you know what are we gonna
take this back you saw one you wanted to
try it
okay it's like I looked up you know
reviews best gaming mice like nobody
mentioned the one I use uh-huh got zero
mentions really yeah I got a bunch oh my
god you know what I'll try it okay okay
you may need the the arrow keys to me
just to move the screen around okay hold
on
so select mutation mutates like the
character I was like okay okay okay
let's figure out what now what we do Oh
gibberish I do anything yet sir enough
all right
there's taking a new drum called Romero
oh okay I need to contaminate three
humans and kill 40 more yeah okay so you
have the little injection thing you pick
people to turn into zombies
okay well let's turn this cool guy into
a zombie yeah alright and then let's go
the other way oh oh they kind of go the
way they're walking okay I see what's uh
and try one in the middle he's
definitely gonna about you
oh here we go and you
and this one's pretty so this is just
like tutorial right right and even in
the later levels you don't even get
those injections you just start off with
a set number of zombies okay and you
have to spread them by biting other
people yeah we did it
did I do it yeah was it tutorial I mean
there's bonus objectives like I think
kill everybody
uh-huh for that one cool all right all
right I can do this I can do this I'm
fun I'm fond of the bonus objectives
there's a big-ass TV look we're coming
to you live from downtown let's believe
determination started click on laughing
no bubbles at the scene believe the
bizarre changes in the populace if I'm a
defective batch of uncooked drugs
how much was that's only a few bucks
it's like on say it's like 80% off it's
a it's a it's an older game and it's a
it's on a Halloween sale right now on
steam so investigation is ongoing stay
with us
April Fox zmt news
say good your drug thing it's probably
best to infect the guy with the gun
probably you know what it great great
everything is great oh oh I don't you
know what she she turns into just like a
zombie looking say no oh they all turn
into that they should have had different
ones but right what is this tutorial
let's hey makeup go upstairs Oh a lot
like lemmings they're just gonna go back
until they hit something and turn around
nice you wanted to go upstairs you gotta
do a thing okay okay I'm with you I got
it I got it
so see even a game it becomes a game
this is tutorial II kind of stuff we
didn't open the laptop the tips the tips
we forgot we have we've completely
forgotten about them oh and all the
lights are on
we're Tet we're terrible you know why we
spent so much time figuring out whether
or not we were going to delay the stream
to watch best of the worst that we
didn't you know okay so here we got our
zombies he's got a club he's bad news oh
I see yeah oh he got both of my guys yep
he's got a club but you got injections
so you can use those sure
all right I've been playing this just
for a little bit I really like it oh no
you need the password I'll never
remember it and I don't go to use real
quick okay we're doing great so far
hmm what do that to which oh the can't
they give you another injection okay
these these first stages are pretty easy
actually gets a lot more difficult
oh I bet it's a lot it's basically a
puzzle game okay
okay great so I'm gonna wait till
everyone is a zombie and on the second
floor and then I'm gonna make all the
zombies go upstairs
alright that's it that's a plan because
it's the Horde that hurts people you
know there we go and now go upstairs oh
there's a guy at the club yeah
in fact he's next to a guy with a gun so
he probably got a good shot shit I
thanked him too then there you go that's
the way to do home alright then you
gotta get them all out into the right
all right we can do that
alright so we go this we got this we got
this and we go this come down everybody
come on down whoo
yeah everybody come on down i
rollerbladed constantly rollerblading
for a large portion of my early teens
was my main mode of transportation I
hated rollerblades
fucking I loved them I was a blader I'd
blade all over the place I was a
rollerblade kid who win turned the wise
says yes who wanted a fight if Michael
Myers and Jason met up on the streets of
New York be well gents Jason
because I think Michael Myers is still
supposed to be human ultimately right
easy I know they did some weird shit
with like he's genetically engineered
and like the later sequels uh-huh and I
think that all got dismissed at some
point I'm still gonna say that
classically Michael Myers is a human
being
Jason is whatever the fuck Jason's kind
of mystical yeah he started off as his
mother right but there wasn't a Jason
and then he became just some kind of
like deformed man who killed people but
it's just a deformed man and then he
became a zombie man with arbitrary rules
on what kills him or doesn't kill him
yeah Jason is just vague enough to win
I'll go ahead and agree with you okay
I'll go ahead and agree with you also I
believe Jason has the size advantage
over him and Michael Myers yes size and
strength size and strength advantage
absolutely no don't go out the door oh
oh oh crap oh I see what I should have
done yeah yeah all right you know what
we're learning lessons if your zombies
fall too far they go split right yeah
yeah we're learning lessons of life how
does that even turn into a zombie I'm
not sure honestly well you know what
yours okay
you've ate enough people to win okay if
you feel like and you can infect the
people up there but I only got one
infected oh wait no I infected too but
there's also a gun person up this I
don't know if we go out yeah well well
you did a great job a great great it
great I feel like I did great majiggy
says part one of three oh hey rich
watching your solo stream recording and
your mouse problems are most likely
caused by the optical sensor having
difficulty tracking the surface you were
using I think they tried different
surfaces are you just using the mouse
pad yeah it's the mouse pad
it seems to be working all right today I
did bring the new mouse pad the bigger
mouse pad it's the most pair we use all
the time mmm and it's not had those
issues so yeah it could have been a
driver thing but also I just agree that
you know a new Mouse might be a good
idea what is this part 2 of 3 the
symptoms you had albeit less severe can
be reproduced by using an optical mouse
on an inactive iPad or a mobile phone
screen back of a CD or a piece of smooth
transparent plastic yeah but like I said
mouse pad that we use all the time yeah
front three or three if it happens again
try a quick change of surface before
changing things like drivers which I
consider to be an unlikely cause in this
case that various Kirk says thanks for
streaming on time uh-huh we can watch
best of the worst after the stream it's
fine lol watch Star Trek Oh an overlord
how do i make i turn the regular zombie
into an overlord
not right now yeah this would be a well
you do what you want hunker click on the
TV that's the tutorial whenever you get
something new this is a bro fox at the
scene of an outbreak with breaking news
we are beginning to understand what
effects the zombies behavior certain
so-called overlords seem to have gained
the ability to control other zombies as
the brain-dead generals of this
relentless attack they seem to be
steering their ghastly minions towards
the path of greatest destruction Hema
Fox the NZT news I don't understand it's
like a zombie roadblock see those guys
are all gonna fall off so you make one
our Overlord and which way do you want
the zombies to go when they don't but of
the Overlord oh I get it then you got to
get them up with the exit ok there oh
there we go I get it yeah I get
everything I get everything so it's like
a roadblock
he's like a zombie robot yeah gotcha
I'm toasted no I'm slightly ill I did
not and I did not take my my medication
because my medication does make me a bit
loopy so I'm just slightly ill Jack's
fine he's fine all right hold on what is
this this is a new thing so I can make a
zombie Overlord there's a little bridge
there that's it now a gap so we want to
destroy that destroy that okay so you
need to get your zombies down and over
right so we need one of them to be a
zombie Overlord and so we're gonna do
like right like on the Overlord Oh oh
shit there we go I did it I did it in
time and then can i uh Nover lord them
that's coming up in a second wow great
yay
I'm 100% a little I'm a little ill a
sacrifice loses a box another breaking
news update observers have seen certain
infected individuals spontaneously
combust in a ball of green flames we're
not sure what this means if anything
changes out you'll hear that buzz
infadoos okay so then we go boom and
then we sacrifice this guy yeah then
they get across again across all right
great puzzles yeah yeah it becomes very
puzzling we're solving puzzles yeah we
could have had Lou you could have had
Lou be Jack but that's also a Jack that
like I'm not sure I necessarily trust
driving like have you ever had mucinex
know if you get really snotty like you
take me usin X but it makes you it makes
it feel like your brain is like a half a
foot above your head and you're like a
second behind everything and so like I
wouldn't trust myself driving I think I
think I'm sensitive to things that make
you drowsy avoid anything that does that
yeah it's weird I took some on Saturday
because I was super mucousy and I just
felt super weird so I had Lisa drive me
everywhere mama says rich how many eggs
can you eat in one sitting
jack same question also rich how many
eggs can you sit at a sit on at one time
while eating Jack saved question I've
never dared myself to see how many eggs
I possibly could have in one sitting I
could eat a whole bunch of eggs that
fucking love eggs to to if I really
pushed myself and like all I was eating
his eggs I bet I could get a dozen I bet
I could eat a dozen eggs anything more
than that like that'd be crazy but I
could when it comes to breakfast foods
yeah
eggs ain't got nothing on pancakes or
hash browns hash browns are great eggs
hash browns and bacon are is the
American breakfast and toast eggs toast
hash browns and bacon you need protein
right it's breakfast you can only have
three items you need protein pancakes
hash browns bacon if I only get three
items its eggs toast and bacon you need
protein all right what do we got here
okay so I got my zombie horde we can
infect these people then I can kind of
get them all bunched up here what is
this and then we can get send him
upstairs and have him take care of these
people this is a gun guy right and I'm
him no no oh he's just a greaser he's
just a greaser if you want to get those
guys behind you you're gonna get an
overlord I got it come on I'm so all
fucking out it
then we sacrifice this doodlee yeah
boom-boom TC Brady 133 says what
celebrity have you guys met what was the
experience like aids cock my fuck Wow um
celebrities have I've met I guess max
landis yep these counts is just like
meeting a person there's just like
meeting a person you have met far more
celebrities and I have Jacqueline
doesn't like it's a lot like meeting
people because you know they're people
where do things people meeting us I know
I think why are you starstruck
I'm just rich Evitts right um no I mean
I've met and worked with a bunch of
celebrities because it's a weak question
oh you know what that is rich fucking
snap oh I see I didn't meet patton
oswalt I wasn't there
that's right that's right Patton was and
Patton was great like we didn't get to
hang out with him for a very long time
unfortunately cuz you know he's a busy
busy man but Patton is a lot like some
of the best celebrities I've ever met
who are who just kind of fucking love
what they're doing and we just love what
they're doing and and love being a part
of the process like like we love being
it one of my favorite celebrity
encounters was when Will Ferrell was in
town to shoot some old Milwaukee beer
commercials I I would he was we were
doing a bunch of Milwaukee stuff and I
got to be on the shoots and you know I
did a bunch of location scouting for
that and at the end of the day we all
went back to where he was staying and
watched the day's footage a lot like
anyone would do you know you you you
watch today's footage and he did the
same thing and was laughing at all of
the jokes and was just super into the
process of making something you know
where he said that was great you know
and that's what everyone does whenever
they shoot anything is they spend the
entire day just watching the day's
footage and that's what he did too and
it was super great and it was a really
great experience and that's all those
people on the second floor why darling
upstairs and they're not breaking down
the doors oh you should go back down
yeah I can get off them oh no you can't
you can't nope I got it quickly okay
yeah it paused the day it pauses it
pauses okay there was everyone a zombie
yeah break down that door
as everybody a zombie-like I've had a
few celebrity encounters where it's
either been like uneventful or kind of
awkward and you know where it's like
they just don't feel like they're just
not into it like we're into it and so
then it's like it just turns into a
weird situation oh wait wait wait no
there you go get that girl get that girl
but no for the most part most of the
celebrities I've gotten to meet have
been great there you know there was one
thing the first time I got to meet Will
Ferrell you know he obviously was is one
of the founders of Funny or Die a
company I worked for for a long time and
so I got to I've gotten to meet with him
and work with him on a few occasions oh
my god what was that so well you
finished the level anyway yes I get
those guys that's fine
well we have plenty of guys I think
you're good to go you even got the the
overkill oh yeah whatever that was oh
great or maybe it's still in effect well
I think those guys yeah I'm gonna eat
these guys cuz I want to eat these guys
oh the first time I met Will Ferrell was
when he was working on stepbrothers and
we had we had he had agreed to be in our
high five video high five Hollywood and
it was super cool meeting him and
talking with him and we got to meet and
talk with Adam McKay to the director and
everything was great and everyone was
having a great time and after we shot
with whale he was super cool he like he
were waiting on the set for stepbrothers
for him to you know come in and
his little bit with us and like he comes
into the room and knowing you know
scheduling knowing is singing the first
song from the for singing the song from
the first high five montage and he was
just so excited to like hey alright
let's do this what are we gonna do it's
gonna be great and I was just neat you
know it was just neat because he was
super into it click on the door oh yeah
right but my filmmaker freak work we're
name-dropping because we were
specifically asked about meeting
celebrities
that's not named Rob it's not that
answering a question named rapping is
when you is when you fit a fuck is when
you fit a celebrity name into a
non-celebrity name question that is not
what we're doing also are barely are
audio as a head of the camera our audio
is ahead of the camera
Rock yeah all right Jamie to play the
next all the while you fuck with that
well no matter what we'll need to oh
yeah I guess hold on okay so anyway just
to finish up my celebrity story is
afterwards so after we got done shooting
with well everyone was super happy we
all had a great time we catch john c
reilly kind of in a-- in a green room
ish area and he's I think he's playing
guitar here or something just you know
and he was he wasn't shooting at the
moment but he was gonna have to shoot
and our our producer director kind of
like walked up to him was like hey we're
doing this thing this high five million
times we'll just did it we were
wondering if you know you'd like to do
it and he he just he wasn't he wasn't
mean to us he was just Curt and he was
just like no man no I don't want to do
it it's like totally ban everything so
like he was in his own groove I'm sure
he had work to do which is fine but some
people were saying the audio was fine
other people saying this problem some
people saying it's just slightly off
easy fix and relative it's not an easy
fix if we'll see if it's an easy fix is
there a there is no delay on our audio
okay well we adjusted the camera
cropping we fucked something up
properties is there a delay on the D Oh
use custom audio device yep I wonder if
we should turn that off for the camera
what happens if we do that probably uses
the camera audio and now well but camera
audio isn't doing so well if I click OK
does that fix the problem problem or
does that make it significantly worse
these people are on drugs html5 switch
players sometimes Kazakh yeah and it
could be like a twitch thing it could
just be that because the video is being
processed at a slightly different rate
than the audio no the opposite I noticed
it now it worse it's worse yeah it's
much worse no it's fine no the problem
is still bad I have no oh my god you
people are terrible I need to let you
know that I need to let you know that
all of you are terrible and this is why
we have issues this is why we have trust
issues with you there ok I've changed it
back and I'm not caring anymore alright
we're done with that make it great great
alright
damnit mousetrap says does leaving the
end pieces and the bag help keep a loaf
of bread fresh or is that a stupid
stupid idea that it's a stupid stupid
idea I don't know enough about bread to
answer that question honestly no the the
thing with the end you know there's the
butts of the breads were the the full
crust pieces of the breads and some
people don't eat those because it's full
of crust even though it's a perfectly
good piece of bread it's great it's it's
just bread with a little more crust but
some people leave those end pieces in
the in the back because they don't like
them cuz they don't like them well
somebody else is saying they heard that
it keeps the bread fresher just some
kind of myth there was something that's
going around and I've heard nothing
about it and I couldn't tell you that's
it's purely a myth
like if if one you know like I guess
bread would mold from front to back and
so if you keep that crust there that
will mold first I think they should ask
a chef but well I guess here's that
here's my here's my question is so like
if that crust molds first are you gonna
eat any of the rest of that bread if one
of if one of your pieces is moldy no of
course not no one would well eat your
bread fast of Harry yeah the theory
they're saying is that keeps the
moisture in which means the whole thing
will be less likely to mold is what
they're saying whether or not that's
true I don't have a fucking clue it
keeps it fresher what it keeps the
moisture out which prevents it from
molding is what they're saying I don't
know if this is true at all how would a
piece of bread kiss Laura it's not
hitting the soft parts no that's you
know what that sounds that sounds dumb
that's what that sounds that sounds dumb
gobbledygook says this weekend I went to
another hole on the head horror film
festival in San Francisco one short film
had Roddy Piper's last performance in
portal to Hell might be tough to find
right now but check it out right oh no
oh I made him I made a horrible mistake
I made a horrible mistake he's evolving
into walking bombs whose explosions have
potential to inflict serious injury to
people and that's mention structural
damage to everyone around them great
I've made a horrible mistake rich I
infected the wrong person dealing with
shotgun man that kills a lot of people I
didn't know that shotgun man that kills
a lot of people was an option let's just
see what happens to if we explode a guy
that's nice no I mean I you know what I
assumed it he was gonna explode but
let's pause and does this redo let's
restart sellable let's wait let's go
ahead and restart the level
listen if you need to go watch best of
the worst
we understand just know that we are
streaming live now and you can talk with
us now and best of the worst will be
there anytime it'll be there all the
time it's not gonna go anywhere I can
see where they would think it's hard to
wait I could see oh and by the way we
struggled with that very same thing yeah
we we agonized over whether or not we
should stream whether we should delay
Anonymous is rich if I meet you will you
sign my chest and can I come over for
dinner look I don't think Karen would
like that very much if you came over you
would have to have awkwardly awkwardly
have dinner with the both of us I like
it I like it okay so now we need an
exploding zombie they don't destroy your
zombies oh that's good to know
they will propel them you can like use
that to get over like a gap yeah yeah we
need to explore the wall
uh-oh Oh we get multiple exploding
zombies I see that all right you see
your meter at the bottom exploding costs
somebody of those points people games
you points and so does so does
sacrificing a zombie okay
I'm with you
get all my all my peeps in this little
room here why fix that will explode one
there great I feel like I'm doing right
and then we're gonna sneak up on these
motherfuckers right here oh I didn't
know the cops were there somebody well I
they shot him oh you you you got lucky
my god sir you got lucky
I got incredibly incredibly lucky so
fucking lucky Wow Tiberius Kirk this
game is genuinely fun I I played this
for a while last night yeah it seems
genuinely felt like I could this these
are fun puzzles I like this and pause
we're gonna explode you we're gonna go
through the basement also spaces pause
yeah okay thank you quicker than just
you know going over to the top oh sure
oh no are you gonna drown no you're not
gonna drive here fine yeah it's not me
still true
anonymous says hi rich I mentioned the
following during your thief stream but
you were too embroiled in the game so
I'm not sure you heard no hard feelings
of course Batman returned the Caped
Crusader is the animated Batman
throwback featuring the voice of
reprising Adam West Warner brother
announced that Shatner is going to voice
to face in the sequel fingers crossed he
sabotages sabotages the Batmobile I
heard about it I'm not super in love
with the Adam West Batman I don't hate
the Adam West Batman but yeah yeah I
personally prefer my Batman a little
less can't be Caron exact opposite she
loves can't be as Batman I suggest
blowing up the door to your left first
those are some tough this is some tough
hombres we blow up things yeah you can
blow up the doors I and I just thought
we knocked him down so I tried to turn a
good thing I messed up who
that's a simple phrase make sure that
doesn't kill any my zombies feel like it
kills me it does but it it doesn't it'll
kill them if you like blow them up over
like a collapsible ground and they fall
to their deaths they can do that sure
but they don't seem to die from blowing
up let's see here how about won't take
on you gobbledygook says I have been
watching lots of food creative cooking
streams on Twitch lately if you two ever
cook something what would you cook Jack
bacon eggs or ice coffee
rich cheese fries or cheese steak I
could mean cheeseburger are you good
yeah lucky somebody tore that vamper
that van spawns the club guys oh oh and
now I can't get back up oh I should have
looked into that first I was hoping to
take care of these guys and then go back
up and finish up yes you're actually
done with level oh yeah I know so you
did fine just didn't kill everybody
you didn't kill everybody but the bonus
objective is to blow up oh okay okay so
you did perfect yay yay yeah I could do
I could I can show you how to make like
the most delicious scrambled eggs ever
okay but I could show you cooking
stream-wise how to how to perfectly make
iced coffee from scratch
perfect iced coffee the delicious you
know I cult like I could I catch a cold
brew iced coffee right if we're gonna do
a cooking stream I don't know okay
actually I you know like because because
of my my diet I don't really cook that
often or and like the things I cook are
very simple where it's like spinach ate
beans eggs boom right right it's not
very exciting to watch it's not like
we're not chefs we're not chefs right I
could go I could go through my my weekly
meal prep my my dinner every day is
exactly the same like my breakfast and
like my lunch which is chicken broccoli
and beans but I make it all on Sunday
and then dole it out into five portions
so I have five meals so that might be
fun like oh this how to make my chicken
put it all in my bowls and here's how a
portion and out then you know that might
be a fun cooking stream board game
stream you know there's a very important
reason why it hasn't happened because
it's really hard to schedule that many
people together it's just that easy
it's just house scheduling it's just
scheduling usually you need a good
number of people for a board game Oh
like it's got a lot of thrust yeah
you're out of juice you need to
sacrifice a zombie oh I was that what I
got to do what's the tutorial nagging
you about on the top of TV oh yeah oh
this is April Fox live from the outbreak
site where the situation is getting
steadily worse scientists are now
cautioning that zombie evolution appears
to be accelerating early analysis shows
the point of existence points to the
existence of what experts are calling a
self-immolating zombie which can
sacrifice itself to provide a DNA boost
to the Horde so that's basically is the
tutorial for coming off your own zombies
to get juice gotta get that juice
and this door cannot be broken no
nothing I have found yet in the game
will break those doors okay
I need more Oh anymore even more juice
then you get sacrificed I'm sorry my son
befriend zambini a great zombie knee
explode you
and we'll get this thing which I'm sure
is another tutorial we're getting word
of sightings of what people are calling
exploding overlord zombies these
abominations explode more forcibly and
over a larger area than any zombie we've
ever seen also authorities would like to
remind people that the outbreak is well
in hand
so the roadblock guy blows up big all
right yeah I'm with you also the rules
appear to be classic Romero anybody that
dies becomes a zombie nice no I guess
that's right so the explosion that kills
the guy upstairs
we'll make him a zombie nice bharden
alright and explode oh no I don't have
enough DNA sacrifice a zombie and
now I get it
great yay from a Firenze
jack yes subject what's the name of the
cold brewing system that you use and
talked about months ago I forgot to look
it up on Amazon at the time um no I
don't I don't remember exactly but
basically if you go to Amazon and you
just look up cold brew cold brewing
picture there'll be a bunch of them and
basically it's just a cylinder that's a
that's a mesh colander that goes inside
of a pitcher and you put your beans
inside the mesh colander cylinder and
water in the pitcher and leave it sit
overnight and and it's great it's a
super simple way to make iced coffee
it's a little weaker than if you make
your own cold brew concentrate but it's
so much simpler that it's super worth it
it's super worth it
what are you oh maybe the person we need
some sacrifices no no we don't need it
well we don't have any bombs Oh
or we could just Ken bomb whatever I get
it
I hold on where y'all going
come on back she's a regular problem oh
yeah just wait for him to get back
nevermind nevermind all right but I see
a problem already oh wait is C is this a
bridge that's a gap that's a gap bridge
would be white okay so we need a few
more sacrifices what do we need to turn
into a zombie okay you only need one to
turn him into a oh great you got just
enough I get it turn you into a
roadblock now that I see a camera wait
you're about to make a mistake
and I think I'm about to learn a lesson
rich okay
I'm about to learn a valuable lesson
that was almost your mistake what not
not breaking down that door because if
you go to the right they're gonna fall
through that door five of them on that
right well it'll collapse and then you'd
never be able to get at the electric box
cuz they'd all just fall through and in
the hole under there gotcha
take that down
all right now if you want to let like
four through right
who would limit when it armwrestling me
or Jack how much are you willing to pay
me to throw the match oh come on guys
well I'd see that now click on these
doors
got to be careful more than five go
online I had it right the first time
Rica chigger four more through one two
three four oh you're good you're good
well only three though well I guess
three I'll do ya want to do it oh there
we go there's four I want optimal
carnage rich yeah optimal carnage I just
said I would guarantee a loss that's all
I said
if one an arm-wrestling loss I would
guarantee an arm-wrestling loss for
money for money for money um my guess is
rich would win I'm incredibly weak I I
am too I'm a weak pathetic it would be I
guess that's it that's the real the real
thing you know okay so we can sacrifice
we can sacrifice you now you're gonna
fall through here and you're probably
gonna fall through here too right yeah
the only way to get at that one guy mmm
just right there
actually those two guys you're gonna
have to use a bomb to blow a zombie
across the gap Oh fun you don't need to
do them I think the bonus objective is
kill everybody they'll sure so it's not
necessary
if I blow you up pull you've reach no no
there's two there though because if one
behind if you can that might do it if he
blows up fast enough nope nope Oh around
the whole head out the whole hordes
coming this doesn't look like FTL does
it does it need to yes
is that a gun guy no how are you feeling
about this so far oh so far so good I
would love a like you know I get it I
get that they're going kind of for you
know a very specific visual style yeah
but I would love there we go for why I
love for things to be clear because
there are specific things whereas like
all the gun guys and like the gun guys I
it was hard to tell whether or not that
was a gap because of the super
simplistic art style so I would love a
little more clarity on what is what but
I can only imagine you would just figure
that out yeah you can zoom in a bit so
you get with a mouse wheel okay blow up
blow blow that one that's by the door up
can I go cuz I can't get okay I get you
and then I need to blow up in there oh
no I think I don't know if you can I can
I can do it we okay you can take some
sacrifices yeah yeah the guys about to
fall right now you know a few others
no you're gonna have um got a couple of
them over great
oh did get him anyway yeah I didn't
think that explosion was enough to reach
him but oh it was all for naught
oh the explosion got the jump the extra
jump was all for that yeah I'm fine with
that I'm fine with that kind of loving
this game uh yeah yeah it's fine fine
you use the flat cannon on those zombies
I am those fucking zombies goddamn it
the zombies are the flak cannon now the
bonus objective that one took me a while
to figure out for this but I eventually
got it yeah to get everyone else to kill
everybody in the level I think is the
bonus objective sure age it's hard you
see those people down to the bottom of
the subway yeah they're very hard to get
at that that space they fall from like
right above it yeah zombie that falls
from that far will kill them uh-oh but I
found a loophole
that's far enough to kill a zombie right
no it's also far enough to kill a living
human the thing is if a living human
falls and dies they get up as a zombie
ah ah that was the key I had to get a
person to fall down that hole Oh clever
that was a puzzle tag it was a puzzle I
loved it
how utterly terrifying right we're gonna
blow up some zombies that's probably why
I didn't go through that way oh you
didn't know
Oh where'd you go I killed the guy up
top there with an explosion oh well I
suppose that would work too oh we need a
big explosion to get him yeah that's how
I did it though wondering if my way will
even work
hey you just need to talk through your
way will work I don't think I can get up
my way mmm well you could still beat the
level that way oh sure I could beat the
level I'm gonna do I need to kill the
beat at 16 because you don't need you
don't need to bite people to kill them
explosions work just as well right like
you could blow up those guys staying on
the platform from underneath and then
they go across and terrorize everyone
else we're gonna sacrifice some peeps
here
where's the one you got blow up don't
want to sacrifice him
oh man that your explosion thing you've
got three you need six oh I need sound
my oh my your friendly bar tell
yourselves I even I shot another one up
there that's not what he said no I think
you killed oh did you I shot I shot
another zombie up there good have fun
good now we have more to work with
you're a friendly bartender says love
you guys
but I think that the chap doesn't get
enough praise for sort of co-creating
the stream so Cheers don't you fucks in
the chat hello Roo Jaime whoo yeah
Roo Jaime what rou-ha-nee whoo yeah all
right I'll take it
we love our Chad goddammit we complement
the mall we complement them too goddamn
much Tommy that's probably true that's
probably true two months we need to stop
I need to transmutate him
no I mean the everyone in the chat is
aware that we would be lost without them
that is not as not a secret half man
half cat says Jack and rich yes have you
guys or anyone in Arlen played Dungeons
and Dragons I have a feeling you'd roll
interesting characters uh no I think
we've talked about before someone in our
alum has what someone was pretty into it
in high school
Oh Mike Oh Mike liked the role plan I
was leave that I would believe that I
don't know if he played standard
Dungeons and Dragons
he played something mmm and if he played
other games uh you know i-i've always
said that I think I would really enjoy
Dungeons and Dragons
I had just never found the right group
you played some kind of post-apocalyptic
kind of game but I know I never I never
played with him so sure
sure sure
like I think might play the Star Trek
RPG too ah
for all I know that's what started it
yeah
you did it jack you did it I did it I
mean I didn't do all of it yeah your
goal was to get to the end yeah
once you just need to blow up that door
and you're there by the way you see
those dark zombie this is like bonus
zombies oh they become yours after you
like touch them if you walk past it oh
yeah yeah it's kind of my leg up with
the street there just use regular
talking about great like that one is
like trying to eat a tire that's always
fun that's fun and we did it
hey we did it is this like zombie FTL no
no really it's no it's not it's like
it's more like zombie lemmings or zombie
this is very very similar to yesterday I
like this more than lemming so what is
it called Abe's odd world
abe's exoddus very similar to to that
game where it's you know it's more just
about crowd management in and that's how
you solve the puzzles take a zombie to
the drug lord gun master kill everybody
with a gun which is an optional
objectives so you can pair the camera to
survey the level ahead of time right I
already see a little bit of what I have
to do right I'm into lemmings the only
objective is to get to the end right
here like it's like different objectives
eat the person get the thing
oh the people lemmings didn't need
people lemmings didn't eat people no
they didn't I don't know about that hey
I didn't click on you there we go
sneak attack rich sneak attack didn't
work Wow it's okay it's okay
well shit we're still doing fine now hey
rich and Jack what is the worst thing
you're each willing to do for one
trillion and is a taco a sandwich
Becca was a taco you know what and I
know tackle was a rap I've given a lot
of thought to this hot dog sandwich
thing I've even gone as far as to I was
I was thinking of putting together a
little video uh-huh there's a there's a
hot dog place in town there's a sandwich
place in town and there's a culinary
school in town that's like I will
interview each of them and you know well
make a cute little video but after
talking with the hot dog guy
I thought I just talked with him over
the phone I was like hey I want to put
together video you want can I come by
you know like what will show you place
and I just want to make a dumb video
about whether or not a hot dog is a
sandwich yeah and he just goes well of
course a hot dog is not a sandwich it's
not talking it's like oh that's great
that'll be your perspective and you know
talk to the sandwich guy and I'll talk
to the culinarian student you know we'll
get a little bit of everyone he and he
goes
everyone's gonna tell you the same thing
because a hotdog is distinct enough as
its own thing to be its own thing like a
taco
okay and I was like oh yeah I guess that
makes a lot of things wait wait wait
wait did you talk to the culinary people
no no I owe them differently then you
still have a video he just has a strong
opinion and you're looking for a strong
opinion he just wouldn't let his strong
opinion turn you off during the video he
dissuaded me from making the video
because I was like oh that makes total
sense
I would side with him I can't be
objective anymore in this whole
is the hot dog sandwich thing he
convinced me because I was like oh you
want you only would have been in trouble
if he said of course it's a sandwich yes
then everyone would have said his
sandwich that's what and you know what
too much turkey that's exactly why I'm
not a journalist I would be a terrible
journalist I would be the worst so much
alight much like a taco
of course it's half a co is a whole
different thing that's a wrap but much
like that a hotdog is a specific enough
entity where it is a tube of meat placed
in a specific bun meant for that tube of
meat and because it is sewn entity what
if I take a hamburger patty and roll it
up into a hot dog shape and put it in
that bond with chase but then it then
you don't have it's not like sausage dog
no cousin a hot dog what is that you
need you need like the sausage casing in
the specific bond you need to like take
the hamburger meat put it in making a
sauce okay what if I take the hot dog
meat out of the casing yeah and I put it
in the hot dog bun is that a hot tug you
still have a video am i right
I think you know what you need to do huh
you need to take a hot dog yeah take it
out of the casing and just put it in the
bun bring that to the hotdog guy and say
now what is this what is this you mr.
hotdog man tell me you tell me my
hardball joes what what I really need to
find I need to find a sandwich guy like
a sandwich expert who absolutely
believes that a hotdog is a sandwich you
know so like maybe if I can find that I
have a video again there's a corndog a
hot dog that's on a stick that's a hole
as a whole nother thing no no it's it
that's on a stick and it's a whole
nother thing now that says hey guys who
do you consider as your main comedy
influences thanks for all the great
entertainment over the years lol whistle
my missile whistle my missile lol
whistle my missing
myself that sounds horribly arrogant but
I didn't get into comedy because I saw
somebody underneath if you can't even
say I in do comedy like a stand-up
comedian
it's not like I saw somebody that said I
don't want to do that I just joked
around with my friends uh-huh that's
really how it happened and I like a lot
of comedy but I I would I'll give a
similar answer to rich where I I don't
think I am emulating anyone style enough
to say like oh this person is what
really influenced me I mean I love
George Carlin sure sure I wouldn't say
he influenced me to do web videos that
were funny no you know the only answer I
have for that is Kevin Smith because
after seeing clerks and just seeing that
two people talking about pop culture
things could be funny and entertaining I
was like oh my god I can do this you
mean I can just have a bullshit
conversation and people might find it
entertaining shit
man get him use an exploding one near
them it's a good idea yeah wait can't do
it do it do it
there you go Jack no you read that relly
great but we got more we got more
exploding guys here oh wait we can we
can take care of you we can because I
got those things we can take care of you
mister gun man and we can take care of
oh my god there's so many yes this is a
big it's really heavy
Jagga didn't care didn't care at all
rich I am NOT a strategy game person
yeah thinking ahead is not my forte
gobbledygook says ask vendors about
Wikipedia read the very opening
statement and the references also is a
tomato a fruit or vegetable it's a bit
fun who you ask and why no it's a
vegetable link I'm sorry it's a it's a
fruit a tomato is a fruit because it's a
berry a tomato is a berry okay it is it
is grown on the outside of a plant and
it has seeds on the inside it is a berry
yeah video here you still got it you
still got it man is that is a hat on
your sandwich talk to the culinary guys
yeah the culinary guy says Justin Ellis
of Sandwich yeah we're gonna call an
area I know this it's a sandwich you
have a video that's true or I just need
to I need at the culinary person or a
sandwich person I need someone to
disagree with the hotdog guy that's all
I need and yet like I said the hotdog I
convinced me so I was like I fuckin I
don't need it I guess I can turn you
into a zombie and then get more Zito
yeah then you know well no you intervene
every other culinary guy then you
interview the hot guy that guy and then
when the hacker the hot dog Isis is
definitely not a sandwich you show the
video of the culinary guide and then you
get his reaction
ah and then you then you say to the
hotdog guy are you gonna you to let him
say that do you yeah are you - look just
let him get away with that and then you
see what he does you gotta you gotta
poke him with a stick sometimes jagan oh
my good
you just gotta let him say that oh my
god it's love is so big all right
great
biddies we can get that another gun guy
that's another gun guy
it's two gun guys up there your only
real objective is to get it over to the
right right just trying to see like you
know where you know I know I'm gonna
have to leave my zombies through here up
here and then fall down the thing in
order to you know get to my objective
and once I fall down the thing these
guys I so I need to use my shots to take
out these guys okay that's the strategy
right oh yeah no I'm gaining a strategy
is this a gun guy no so I can get
another shot and just that's fine
yeah thanks I don't worry I gotta figure
it out do I probably not do gobbledegook
says again read Wikipedia opening line
yeah it's know what Kapadia says a
hotdog is a sandwich good and you just
gave up in the video I did cuz cuz the
the hotdog guy who you wanted for a
strong opinion than hot dogs had a
strong opinion on hot dogs
hey you know what I was got like it was
a video I was kind of like half-assedly
like going through pre-production of
anyway and then the hot dog I was like
you're dumb and I was like okay I guess
I am like I gave up I was making other
stuff anyway like I had some other
videos to make you know so it wasn't
high on my priority list it was a video
that was not high on my priority list
all right now we're ready to beat down
this door we had another one coming Adam
says happy Halloween
hello you guys get the heroin I mailed
you just kidding to any Drug Enforcement
agents in the chat
lol honed my skeleton bone Ryan Villa
being drunk and incomprehensible oh god
the most recent best of the worst I hope
I wasn't too bad you made the episode
okay now all I want is an exorcist slash
terminator mashup movie damn that's gosh
darn it
I can't wait to see the episode like I
really hope I'm not terribly terribly
drunk because I felt like I was can I go
down this is great best of the worst
guys Jack was certainly three sheets to
the wind
I was wave I was way further than three
sheets like I like I said I when they
told me you know like I was already like
I'm drinking I'm gonna get a little
drunk that's how I like I was I was
drunk at the start of the conversation
and when they told me I was in the
discussion yeah my drunk mind said well
now the bit is I'm going to get more
drunk and that little green beer can
that I have is something like eight
percent I was the right call yeah yeah
that was the right comedy call too much
Newton you sang Jax sacrificed to trap
zombie for free DNA one of time he's
that trapped actually oh sure break that
thing down it's got a thing under it oh
I didn't even notice that let's do that
them I could sacrifice um like it
doesn't really matter I think I have
enough people on the Chad who have
launched the new best of the worst how
did how bad did Jays editing make me and
Jack look when our arguments where we
absolutely destroyed him yeah oh we
absolutely destroyed him as far as oh
shit
I think you got enough vision oh yeah
I'm fine
we're fine we got the Horde we got the
Horde we got the whole horde yeah words
the way to go oh of course
listen I know how zombies work wait wait
dumpsters yeah yeah I am okay okay and
they're gonna go this way
yeah my only concern is this gun guy
right here but I can always blow someone
up I have so much DNA does he shoot down
no I don't think so you have enough of a
horde I don't think you have to worry
about him too much
yeah he'll take out a couple button see
this is what I was were good shots but
I'm fine you'll be fine you'll be fine
he's not a shotgun guy though right this
they got multiple ones he's just gonna
get overwhelmed yeah yeah only killed
one oh great you're even great all right
these girls are no problem I don't think
they have guns do they have guns
no they're just don't spoil the best of
the worst in the chatter please don't
they have purses they do not have guns
if you spoil the best of the worst
you'll be putting a cold on yep hey hey
be cool yeah be cool man be cool people
where Jack was not drinking SuJu that
night sued you were you read ringing
that that Nathan boy on the Halloween up
so that like soda yeah no no I was
drinking resin yeah which is it's one of
my favorite beers cuz it's so small and
stuff you get in Dark Souls the pine
resin
yes pine resin is one of my favorite
beers because it's very tiny so it's
very it has a very small calorie count
but it's super high in alcohol it's like
eight or nine thousand so one tiny
little can is like drinking two or three
beers which for someone who's counting
calorie conscious it's a great it's a
great beer it's the resin double IPA
that I was drinking that night okay so
what's the deal here like I see this box
that's sending a signal over here is
this a closed door that will be if you
trip the thing ah
so if I go to get this person yes you'll
lose that I'll lose that and if you have
more than four on that platform you will
also lose that right because that's
collapsible I see now you think inject
well that's I get puzzle in them but see
that's one of those things where it's
like it's not very clear whether or not
this is opened or closed you know that's
what I was talking about with with
design closed is usually white I've
noticed okay okay hold on we're gonna so
I only need to send if I only send one
up
nope didn't know go up there there you
go a little bit strategy Jeff Jack that
hold you jet jet oh crap
no no no well this is going to Oh
alright you might need more no I might
need more or get your explosion ready
Oh explode them exploder ate him yeah
no there's more coming out you're just
gonna have to get there an attack that's
all right horde maybe he'll come down
come on down
see ya what see what's down here does
that room just spawning them them what
no there was another room like that down
here that uh it only uh I guess I think
it's been listened to many wait
exploder eight no it's okay
darn it it's okay you don't love you
really well but look who got in here
yeah I don't know you're not gonna kill
everyone but for the bonus objective you
just need to kill all the gun guys oh
right right
alright I don't know that you can
honestly I think you might be fired
well like these two guys I like I have
two serums but then then there's these
three guys here and these look like big
gun guys like this is a shotgun guy
right here so I want to save at least
one serum for that guy she probably
saved both
probably I see like there's a kid
there's there's a camera here which will
make more guys come out here yeah but I
want to deal with these guys first so
whoever drops first I'm gonna mutate
them into a Overlord overlord and push
them that way so I don't trigger the
cameras I think it's also mine there
there's a lot of shit going on oh my god
there is a mine yeah there's a lot of
shit going on alright that's what the
pause button is for hey Michelle you he
could use the needle to get at that girl
oh and you would get another needle
yeah it's it'd be a trade it mean even
trade me an even trade but if like if
that's not like the like you said it's
only the gun guys alright wait wait
let the hoard up huh the hoard the whole
oh oh the all goddamnit the hoard still
stuck I was half thinking rich do they
that kill him they will fuck it's okay
it's okay
you got a horde you got a horde coming I
got a whole horde coming oh and we broke
down the thing so that's good got a
whole horde coming but I want to take
care of these guys before these
knuckleheads come out bouncing erm
mustard lover says hey guys have you
tried the game slay away camp
it's a cartoony puzzle game where you
play the murderer from a slasher movie
and have to kill all the teens on the
level it's pretty fun not played that
particular one we have it I I got that
that looks like an RPG no no sleigh way
is is the one that's it's like a it's
like a puzzle game yeah where but it's
like isometric and it's it's like you
can only move vertically or crosswise
and you have to figure out like how to
kill them in one move without over
tracing of steps or something okay it
was again it was a game I had that we
were gonna play with Jay but we had so
much fun with vomit
okay shant that's got an interesting
question and I think it's worth of
trying don't don't kill him yep oh let's
do it you needed to tell me that way
sooner well I go ahead told you that
while it was paused and before you hit a
button nope too fast I'm too fast for
you go ahead what he said of yours Kirk
is saying yeah can you blow up those
cameras from above let's needle her let
her get the letter get the extra
injection Overlord them in the bottom so
they don't walk into the camera
I can't overload the just pick one you
can he's close enough they'll all do
what you want okay she's needled all
right let her get that thing then when
she walks back into the corner explode
and see if it'll take out No oh the door
opened why - the door open why did the
door open that's very weird that is very
weird I guess we'll never know
if I know I'm my overlord won't explode
bad fire but you could try right before
you walk into the camera range
that's right blowing them up but I have
you may as well just hoard your way I
have a big enough door yeah I'll be fine
but owe you something of mine good good
okay so I have to Natalie thingies so I
can take out two of these guys and then
my horde can probably think that's the
way to go to take out two of the guys in
there No so we'll take out the shotgun
guy first and this big guy I can't meet
him yeah and him haha oh oh that
dickhead
that's okay no I needed to take out him
- no you just needed to get a zombie in
there
no no cuz he's still alive I know he's
supposed to be
oh he's supposed to be oh well then I
did it yeah great I wanted to kill him -
maybe later oh maybe he shows back up oh
maybe they're doing a thing left over
beefcake says can we get a project
hornish status update project
oh here's so here's the status update of
project Hornet we were not ready to
reveal yet we have the help of a couple
people do we do we feel like naming the
people yet or first okay we will be we
will be having them sign NDA's
non-disclosure agreements and contracts
on Monday tomorrow I know it's all very
official I know it's shocking it's crazy
so we've we've we're talking to a couple
people who are probably in chat right
now but we won't say who they are we're
gonna have them sign official
non-disclosure agreements and contracts
Monday and we're gonna we're gonna get
to work as basically as soon as they're
ready to but it's very very exciting and
I'm terrified it's great no I'm
terrified in a good way because like as
a creative person nothing gets me more
excited than doing something outside of
my comfort zone where it's like it's
like a puzzle that you get to figure out
you know and so uh hey Jade did you see
oh yeah yeah we will talk about after
the Apple announcement so maybe later
next week we can you know what when we
have something to show you we will show
it to you okay is what I'm going to say
before we make any sort of hashtag
project Hornet announces announcements
well wait till we have something to show
you
rich yeah you don't care about Apple
computers at all no I don't great let me
tell you about Apple computers they had
they had an Apple event last week yeah
that was kind of dedicated to the
MacBook Apple's laptop uh-huh and this
was very exciting for Apple people
because they they spent the majority of
the developers conference talking about
iPhone and I watch and a bunch of boring
crap that had nothing to do with like
with the hardware that professionals use
but rumors started to leak that they had
this other event that was going to
concentrate solely on like Pro Hardware
Pro user hardware and then it was
discovered that it was gonna be all
about the MacBook Pro which doesn't mean
a whole lot to me but you know a lot of
people use their laptops their Apple
laptops for work okay editing videos
editing photos I have an Apple laptop
that I have edited on and it works great
they've given up on their desktops right
I mean they've kind of so here's the big
announcement yeah here's here it is that
you know obviously hardware upgrade
the body of the MacBook Pro is slightly
thinner slightly lighter all that all
that fun stuff right are you ready for
the big innovation the Big Apple
innovation they took out the headphone
jack
no they did not take out the headphones
oh yeah they did think on that but no oh
you know what I don't even know if they
have a headphone jack I'll be honest
with you because I stopped paying
attention after they showed the thing
their big announcement was now where
your function keys are on your keyboard
for their laptop yeah is a touchscreen
is a touch display screen that will
change its functions depending on what
program you're using all right which
kind of sounds neat and so they gave a
couple examples like hey if you're
editing in Final Cut like it wouldn't it
be great to have a bunch of like hotkeys
here for your functions and as someone
who edits professionally all I can say
is oh so this is just an easy way to
remember shortcuts
yeah like keyboard shortcuts which is
something that every professional knows
by heart they're gonna make it simple
and put it on a little touchscreen yeah
that's it all right that's the big
announcement all right really done fine
yeah I think it's done more expensive
yes it's super dumb also there can't be
bothered to give a fuck about what Apple
does right I can also it looks like
they're get they're getting rid of a
bunch of the separate ports like right
now my MacBook Pro has an SD card reader
yeah and if you are shooting video if
you are shooting photos professionally
if you are doing just using any sort of
equipment you need an SD card read we
need them for cameras we need them for
still cameras we need them for our audio
devices everyone needs an SD card reader
new MacBook Pro no SD card reader so
they have this thing yeah that'll make
it easier for people to learn to edit
videos and they're taking all the thing
you need to edit videos well you can buy
an adapter there there including like
they got rid of the SD card they got rid
of a bunch of stuff and like they've
added like alright yeah no and I know
rich doesn't care and like I'm not in
the market right now
but if I were in the market for a new
pro laptop and I and I am I'm a huge
Apple fanboy
I love Apple I love I and this is
something I was talking about we're in
the market for a new laptop you'd be in
the market for an old laptop I'd be in
market for an old Apple Apple because
the things I would want aren't on the
new ones and it just doesn't make any
sense it doesn't make any sense
USB seaports not USB 3 ports no that
isn't software base they don't even have
an escape key it's on the it's on the
touchpad they found the touchpad wrench
so I get like right a virus that would
run a program and you wouldn't have any
available way to turn it off because
there wouldn't be an escape key oh yeah
no also like the specs for the macbook
pro is not up to current technology like
it's not it's not top of the line out of
the box yeah it's it's like a whole
bunch of this rich it's a whole bunch of
this I know you don't care I don't
comprehend it's Apple seems to think
that you can add by subtracting and
sometimes you can sometimes you can you
know what you know what they added by
subtracting the iPhone subtracted the
physical keyboard added full screen
touch technology right and that worked
like fucking gangbusters hey well and
and people bitch people bitched about
getting rid of the physical keyboard and
we've now everyone it's ubiquitous now
full screen phone right
they got one win under their belt and
they're caring that through I have a
2012 MacBook Pro with a goddamn Ethernet
port right no prices are ridiculous like
they're so there was so much wrong with
it and they were giving examples like
how you would use this this touch screen
and they're like like hey if you're if
you're sending an email like you could
put some hotkeys here to like instead of
using your mouse and hitting reply you
could hit reply on your keyboard
my hands already on the mouse and and
you know the it's right there it's a
it's a it's a it's a trackpad on the key
because this isn't for the laptops oh
yeah so like if your hands are right
here literally your thumb is like two
centimeters away from the thing already
and it's like it's a multi-touch it's a
multi-touch thing and you already have a
multi-touch trackpad it's the dumbest
it's dumbest somebody else does with
their toys they can do what they want
anonymous is actually right oh my god no
T C Britney one three three says Jack
wells other than broccoli is good with
chicken and rice I fuckin hate broccoli
also what is a good sauce to have with
the meal have a great week
fuckos blimey Myka Fraggle he's great I
don't know what you're talking about
brain use the vegetable green you need
greens like if if you're I can only
assume because you're talking about like
chicken rice and a vegetable that you're
talking about healthy meals and there's
two things you need out of your healthy
meals one is fiber and the other is
protein broccoli will give you fiber and
you fucking need it if you don't want to
go the broccoli route you might want to
go spinach but my guess is if you're
turned off by broccoli you'll be turned
off by spinach the the best sauce you
can make is from the chicken itself so
here's how I make my chicken for all all
my my meals is I have some like generic
like mrs. - chicken seasoning olive oil
on the chicken a shit ton of this
chicken seasoning on it salt and pepper
bake it in a pan that collects the juice
then you take that pan with the juice
remove the chickens put a tiny bit of
butter in that pan with the juice maybe
a little olive oil if you need to like
get a little bit more out of it and bake
it a little bit longer don't like cook
it down because then you're cooking it
in like the the crispy chicken leftovers
that are left on the aluminum foil it's
all that chicken juice butter olive oil
you cook it down a little bit that's the
sauce that's gonna turn your meal great
then you take that sauce pour it over
your cut-up chicken broccoli for me
beans for you rice and it's it's it's a
sauce that will enhance the flavor of
everything okay because you can't you
can't do like an alfredo because that's
just like cream and fat you know like
you can't there's so many sauces that
won't work with it also just salsa which
is very like I don't know how you feel
about salsa yep yeah when do you know
tomato-based sauces you don't like them
and I'm like pasta right I'm like an
Alfredo what kind of sauce well yeah
yeah yeah because it's tastier but I
like I said I assume he's talking Diet
friendly yeah go with some salsa because
that like you're gonna get a ton of
seasoning in the salsa the tomatoes and
chicken will pay a really nice together
little stocker limit a little you know
what a little chicken stock would be
great in there as well yeah that's a
good idea
no I do not I do not wait left i'm i
think i discussed this earlier i'm a
weak weak man
yeah yeah technically i-i've tried
workout programs before and I was into
one pretty deep for a while and then I
just got too busy and I gave it up okay
people who thought they could take high
ground are being proven wrong a new
mutation appears to have given these
hideous creatures the ability to jump
when will the madness end you can jump
out I can jump now jump jump jump well
we got a we got a blow-up a thing first
look I was standing on it dude wait I'll
just jump on him okay madam says dude
Jack don't worry yeah how bad you come
across in the episode you still won't
one-up my college roommate who once
tried to finish a project slash paper
after downing several ever clears oh
it's probably the best paper the best
paper what a dumbass what zombies
crawling around as it jumps in oh I
guess I'll leave my high ground
what are you have to die absolutely what
a goddamn dumbass I'm so tired of
solving problems to better software now
you could solve them through our kane
proprietary hardware gimmicks oh well
dingle my dongle I know I know
yeah it's a sign they're out of ideas
and you know this is something you talk
about a lot when Gabe leaves valve right
Steve Jobs unfortunately passed away
yeah and Steve Jobs was fortunately it
was kind of a prick I I don't believe he
murdered anyone okay I'm sure he was a
prick as he was a very crude businessman
but he gave the world a lot of really
fun things to play with all right okay
and I'm 90% sure he didn't murder anyone
chad is probably gonna prove me wrong
like oh no is a case we thought I'd
murdered someone in any case he was he
was the he was the lifeblood all right
and now he is gone and Apple products
are taking the you know taking a hit
taking a little hit and as far as like
their pro products are concerned yeah
they've given up they've given up the
the Apple Pro hasn't been updated in
something like three years like their
flagship pro computer it's a it's a joke
wait can I jump on the roof
probably don't need to I can just blow
up this door I'll just go through it
nope
he murdered teenagers and minds dr.
Dubin up says hey guys rich have you
heard it that they announced a timer for
Dead Rising for after all as paid DLC
may they roasted cash grab hell lol
dongle my schlong --gel yeah fuck that
game oh my god fuck that I like that
game fuck that game it doesn't make a
move any faster
the main gameplay component of the
previous games is now DLC fucking
bastards
so pay to not win no paid I actually
have the game play to have a challenge
yeah
