Episode 663
Dawn of the Dumb (part 2)
November 21, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2BwAAN8JnNM
___________________________________________

to do it for all the zombies it will die
or you can just get by with what you
have those are the options
well some zombies need to go down here
to get stuff looks like there's multiple
routes but you know I think getting most
of them on top seems to be smart because
I already have a couple dead ones down
here look Dead Rising without the timer
is just dicking around the game but you
might find perfectly enjoyable and
that's your business
it's just what makes Dead Rising 1 for
me why I love that game is what I
consider to be a perfectly balanced
timer that pause button Jack what it's
great good I didn't I didn't use the
pause button when I was playing oh yeah
this is novel to me well you know you're
like I said you're more of a you're a
mouse clicking strategy person me I need
time well I like turn base I mean I
usually take my damn time that's sure
why does the name Richard have so many
nicknames dick rich Rick Richie and I
guess that's it
because rich was pretty less so these
days a very popular name I mean they say
every Tom Dick and Harry for a reason
and I suppose with so many Richard's you
would want to find some way to
distinguish yourself from the other
Richards yes yeah you know what I brick
you know what I'm rich you know what I'm
doing yep
can I kill oh yeah Kim
sure yeah that's mostly a thing with
caramel would be weird to hear somebody
else call me charred oh just be like
everybody the equivalent somebody
calling me like honey pie you know yes
I'll try not to do that again yeah sorry
I don't know it hurts you so much this
did not ever happen gobbledygook says
Jack I'm Jack have you ever tried bi BIM
BAM bi BIM BAP bides in back korean rice
bowl dish with mixed vegetables topped
with a fried egg Oh bibimbap she's
bending back this bed and Bob whatever
yeah yeah yeah I've I've had that yeah
okay it's nice FYI
which just hired a Food Network Chef
just dreamed daily starting tomorrow
hashtag chef shocked hmm no interest in
this one chef watching people cook or
eat you've never liked watching the food
now I'm like streaming I never know know
the only thing I've watched on the Food
Network is like shop and that's cuz it's
kind of like a game show chopped is
great yeah and I'm sure it's all
bullshit but they're not actually eating
the shit that was cooked rushed no I
think they do you know what I doubt it
I'm sure because they have like a
different prepared meal they they come
in that's not the rushed version no no
I'm sure they they're actually eating
this maybe because sometimes they say
I'm not gonna eat that because it looks
like it's not fully cooked yeah that's
very dramatic when they say that yeah
yes yes it is rich insurance wouldn't
want the judges eating something that
was prepared in a rushed haphazard
manner I was gonna say for insurance
reasons the stuff they actually eat has
been cooked properly with no time limit
in a condition where there was chef
wasn't under stress cramp
I missed one how did you guys get down
that
how did Sammy's
doesn't matter game gel UK says do you
ever get tired people telling you you
need to watch this or you need to play
this when people say this to me I find
it pretty annoying also Bucky's armed
and get even is a cool film title yeah I
get very tired of that this is why we
had the Jesus Christ shut up already
stream and you see how that one went
great I don't know what you're talking
about rich went like gangbusters
it's for me any that that stream made me
feel like a proctologist with large
hands just gonna get in there so much
hold on I need to stick these in and
some ice first just we're gonna make it
cold and painful it's in for me it's a
real mixed bag because every once in a
while if I'm in the right mood
someone will recommend a game and I'll
just I'll just be in the right mind
space and I'll give that a try and it
turns out to be a really great game you
know and so you want to keep yourself
open because what if this is the really
great game that I'm ready to play you
know I'm ready to play but so often I'm
just not in the mood to try something
new
you're jumping we gotta get you to joke
bounce no mustard lover says no no oh
the MacBook Pro specs are not just not
top-of-the-line they use Intel
integrated graphics they are worse than
my two-year-old 700 Asus laptop also you
should play stay-away camp game child UK
says thoughts on Pawn Stars personally
it's the only reality and I say that in
quotes show that I enjoy yeah got into
it back in 2012 because it was always on
History Channel now it's a meme that is
funny yeah Pawn Stars is the most
blatantly fake thing I have ever seen in
my entire life chopped ain't got nothing
on Pawn Stars yeah I actually I I have
chatted with some people who were I've
been waiting out here with my
historically significant thing that I'm
going to bring into the pawn shop ten
minutes later hi I just happened to
bring in my historically significant odd
thing here to the pawn shop oh that's so
funny that you say that I happen to be
an expert on exactly that thing and I
can tell you all about it right now with
no prior preparation you're the pawnshop
three times a day exactly three times a
day somebody walks in with a
historically significant thing that he
wants to pawn and sometimes he doesn't
actually want to sell it because he
didn't really want to sell it in the
first place yeah because we asked him to
come in and then we gave Miss scripts
that's what I would like I know some
people who were quote-unquote producers
on reality shows and if you ever watched
a reality show it has a lot of producers
list because those people are actually
writers and the big reality show boom
happened to coincide with the writers
strike
and so many writers went over there like
when to reality shows because they be
producers right yeah but no like
literally people they they hand lines to
people like this is your character this
is what you're gonna say it's all fake
all reality shows are all fake yeah this
is something you need to be aware of
because DNA to jump Oh for criminy sake
why do reality shows have writers
because actual reality can be kind of
dull you have a pawnshop and 99% of it
is people Hawking like their life or
their mother's jewelry because they need
drug money yeah three times a year
something interesting will happen and
you can't make a season out of that yep
wait where did you come from do more
zombies just enter this graveyard levels
guns zombies that pop out of those like
pits looking like a flies floating
around them I don't know if they're
infinite or what I don't think they're
infinite but every once in a while I'll
just find like a zombie back here and
it's really pissing me this is a weird
stage like that okay don't worry about
it they're just gonna happen okay great
not a massage you should play kotor you
should play the elvish girl she should
play supermario
she plays Star Wars you should play
zombie night terror you should play with
yourself
lol Jack my ridge that's how it works
it's exactly how it works
yeah now you got it
Knight on the trolley
all right
oh that's funny
did you kill someone what's going on oh
just you know you need to you got a guy
with a gun in that room in this room
yeah yeah
you got a guy with a shotgun out over to
your right
what's your objective are you trying to
kill enough people you're just trying to
get over to the right oh I have no idea
I didn't even pay attention oh I think
I've needs to kill eight more people
okay get out of 16 and so I'm just
trying I'm just trying to gather my
hordes and that's been my biggest issue
is just gathering my oh I can get
another one of these Young's okay so you
don't help you need two zombies to do
that and I have two up here's our L and
I'll have more actually in a little bit
so I'm just gonna gather my horns okay
for a second those two are staying down
there these two yeah no they're gonna
they can go up well for now you don't
want him to go attack those gun guys
just the two of them oh god no no that
would be insane they'll be in sync bye
bye bye
okay I hear some more zombies coming
okay like these two guys are these three
we'll go up here then I'll be able to
get that juice this guy will join the
ranks down here gobbler cook says Big
Brother is fake but it's impressive that
they're on camera 24 hours a day you can
watch them on CBS all access
I remember in 2001 they didn't tell them
about 9/11 until hours later it was
creepy that is creepy
yeah it is maybe we shouldn't watch
shows like that just put that out there
maybe we shouldn't watch shows that like
horribly exploit people like that
jesus crist Christ says the new wheel of
worst looks great as it seems far more
round made of one piece of wood and
radius cut edges is it just the second
wheel yeah everything else is the same I
just changed the wheel on it to try and
get it to be a bit more fair the other
wheel because I deliberately made the
wheel of the worse to look janky yeah
and it wasn't perfectly balanced for
that reason because I'd like whole bunch
of different boards of wood they weren't
cut properly and it greatly favored one
side it greatly favored huh and so the
new wheel and you know I just got one
that was perfectly round and I'll put a
lot of padding on the back to keep it
from like any any any imbalance there
might be just to keep it going back you
know once it actually stops
unfortunately because of that it seems
to stop relatively quickly yeah and
people think it's fake now even though
it's built to be more fair just wasted a
whole burning lessons that's what we're
doing here we're learning lessons no it
wasn't rigged before it was just shitty
and now it's less shitty and not what's
less shitty no it is never we have never
rigged a wheel except for when you've
seen us rigged the wheel like when they
do like when Jesse did it okay here we
go
there's that any more newcomers
oh no I need to sacrifice someone bring
a sacrifice about you now wants less
regen not what's more fair is the bar
proper way to phrase that
it didn't jack it did it okay
now we have plenty of DNA I'd take out
that shotgun guy oh yeah I'd do it like
now and you think I might I might try to
bust it first and then have the whore
examine what do I even have a decent
hoard over there anymore not really yeah
fuck it we'll see what happens you jump
on you can take out that gun guy while
he's not looking at the door he'd be
great if he could attack her from behind
looking at the door I wouldn't break it
down now what gun guy that's the first
guy in that room can you tell he's got
that jacket that jacket is the gun guy
jacket uh that's the sprite he's turning
the other way oh that's all right hey
hem I'm on it um no now he turned back
to the door just there we go and that's
all right we got
we got a we got a yeah we got a great
great great you did great okay so now in
fact the shotgun guy turn up the stairs
break down the door and in fact the
shotgun guy boom and the hope now well
that's there we go we got everything
yeah it did eject your motherfucker we
did there we go now we got everyone
infected I wonder if you got enough
zombies for the secret objective you
know what I've never I have yet to pay
attention to what the secret objective
is I can say where it is you can find
the secret room scroll down you see this
looks like a breakable brick there's a
whole bunch of breakable bricks down
there and let's try it out yes even good
I noticed the one and I didn't actually
I did not even notice this one okay
let's try to explain what did we think
of a Nintendo switch trailer I didn't
even watch the switch trailer because I
don't give a flying fuck about the
intent to switch you didn't know no I
know what it is and that's all I need to
know I know they're gonna come out with
three of their classic games on it mm-hm
and it may or may not be worth getting
it at some point once the price goes
down because of this you know you really
want to play that new Zelda or that new
Super Mario Brothers
yeah cuz I don't give a fuck about smash
and I don't really care about Mario Kart
that much right and you know as it might
be like and you're also not wor 5 good
games
you're also not really big on mobile
gaming yeah so it's like this is the
anti rich Evans device well I don't know
that I inherently hate mobile gaming I
think that's fair that's what you said
you said that before you are you earning
or you're you just don't mobile game I'm
just going off at you what you spent if
I sell this we've talked about like
mobile gaming and gaming on your phone
or gaming out like on a portable device
before you've always been like hey
what's the point mama
that's my rich Evans impression by the
way you're welcome everyone
I don't think it would replace regular
gaming because I think the kind of games
that work on like your phone or an
entirely different type of game oh yeah
no it's not meant to replace Dan's I
really enjoy like 2048 I'd play that
shit all the time
god I think that's a fake rich Evans
generalization no no you're a plating my
typically negative cynical attitude you
you have is something that I've never
chat really been super cynical chat back
me up here you rich has been very
negative on mobile gaming in general
before Lord Belmont says why no 7th
guest it's Halloween you've betrayed me
for the last time you pack frauds yeah I
know we didn't play that game that we
never said we're going to play
how dare we well yeah we'll do it as
another Jesus Christ shut up don't worry
game child you cases Seinfeld greats
have come or best sitcom ever also any
plans to watch boo Ahmadiyya Halloween
also I'm a huge kotor fan and i think
it's not a good game to stream same with
DC Universe Online get even or get ven
there's an e mystic it's just get ven
hitman get v'n yeah we know our audios a
little off of our video that happens
sometimes I'm seeing some people in chat
say like I've seen some people's agree
that you've ranted about mobile games
and I've seen some people say that
you've been apathetic and we I think
apathetic is fair we mistake that for
negativity yes say that's what's going
on sunny whoa what is this
this is April Vox pardon me and now
have confirmed that the zombie display a
strangely high level of organization for
being so mindless originally thought
incapable of cognition evidence now
shows that several overlords can combine
their skills in order to spread this
outbreak as quickly as they can
meanwhile the tide of human abomination
much is not leading some to wonder will
it ever end
back to the question they love like
Seinfeld yeah best sitcom ever or not at
the time I was all about the Seinfeld
sure I don't think about it quite so
much though these days I don't know why
that is it just is if you're counting
like some of the animated shows like
your Venture Brothers and Rick and
Morty's it is definitely not the best
ever and even without um I'm not sure
that I would rank it the best ever damn
good though
Seinfeld I just thought we should answer
the question I was asked wasn't a
terrible question
it's easy to answer one Oh like Seinfeld
is one of those things where you have to
understand where sitcoms were when
Seinfeld came out yeah and yeah it was
nowhere now well there well no they're
still around like modern families still
one of the most popular shows on
television the three-camera sitcom is no
longer very popular except for of course
like and I say that like Big Bang Theory
is huge two and a Half Men is that still
huge that was the most-watched show on
television for in quality yes in numbers
I want to say two and a Half Men did
better okay so okay and that those are
the classic three cameras it comes stuff
like Modern Family which is pretty
alright and does well in the wet ratings
is you know a single family sitcom 'no
or a single-camera sitcom which is very
different but Seinfeld from a quality
standpoint from a character standpoint
with something not seen in your standard
three camera sitcom at the time that's
what made it special that's what made it
very special
doors the top right yep I got this I
know it's up you know even you can have
them jump any direction you can have
actually oh I'm ready it's still they'll
do that well pause it's irrelevant
yeah Brazil was pretty damn good for the
time Cheers
a great show Frasier yeah oh all right
no Seinfeld oh the office oh ho I can
also move around like this that helps a
ton moving around with the mouse how do
you do that just click anywhere oh you
just left-click and you can move yeah I
just left-click on I didn't know that no
that's super helpful all right got a kid
I can't of all table Cook says what do
you guys use to video capture and stream
the ps4 we have like the razor ripsaw
it's much easier to stream old console
games with a separate retro PI system
they are great and cheap under $50 ok ok
what do we use the thing that works most
consistently is the Elgato
and the reason it's it's the elgato HD
recognizes the input as just a video
input so it has a great HDMI
pass-through it also has RGB to HDMI so
we could hook up a classic console to it
by the way we haven't in a while do we
have the software for the O'Connor or do
you remember what it was oh we haven't
put it on this hard drive you know oh
yeah good idea we can get that because
I'm not a hard sell sure yet but but
tomorrow Oh Halloween yeah Karen's going
down to visit her mother
and they're gonna do something or other
sure no Halloween I might I might be in
the mood to come in and stream Vanquish
cuz I've been in the mood for Vanquish
ever since we had to play gears for ya
and and you you spent all of the gears
for talking about how great vanquish was
yeah we'll get that okay
whoa wait I don't you don't have a
Nagato here though isn't it here
no where's it you have you have a
different thing here what are words
don't got on it's it's at my house I use
it to capture gameplay footage oh yeah
well this thing it still works yeah this
is a whole separate so we also have the
oh god what is that it's right here hold
on here the first thing I bought all
this is the first thing I bought which
is the hope house HD capture which it's
the same thing it's its HDMI in and out
and it's a pass-through it also has the
hookups for RGB in an HDMI out the only
problem is in order to stream with this
you need to open up the capture window
and then an OBS do window capture and
display capture hold on for a second
thank you jack
anonymous thank you for the tip I'm not
gonna read that though because I'm not
doing best there were spoilers um thank
you though where am I at
I want to wait the jacks here to read
that is he running he's running
downstairs not upset has been a while
since I donated not much time since my
daughter was born she changed my outlook
on life
anyways thanks for the streams and the
good times lol fork mic work thank you
anonymous - maid says how about contact
people from Project Hornet to create a
wheel or a random timer is set when it
turns and when the timer reaches zero a
hydraulic brake slows down the wheel
hello well two dollars went poof the
wheels fine the wheel is fine
God lyric says I went through 15,000
roms from the 2600 colecovision c64 NES
Genesis Ness Amiga PSX and n64 to get my
top 200 games I would love to see how
you might organize your top retropie
games
I'm I'm not sure like like from every
damn system that's ever been I'm not
sure how I would rank one but what
sneaking up behind me now any fucking
ghosts fucking fucking ghost Jan coming
in here yep oh sorry about that I had to
blow my nose and you know you don't want
to just blow your nose and then go back
about your business because I'm touching
your mouse and everything so I wanted to
wash my hands as long as I was up get
another beer you know chap I have I have
no interest in rubbing the Cubs current
what was in their face did they raise I
just want them to stop bugging me about
the goddamn Cubs that's all I want I
don't want to start shit did they lose
not every Cubs fan is a fucking ass hat
and I don't wish them ill oh did you
they're losing oh they're losing
oh I'm sorry Cubs fans what happened
daddy disappeared we'll get it back boom
boom boom great great three nimona in
this series right now I don't know what
that means does that mean three losses
one wind how many wins seven game series
so you need the first win for they need
to not lose another one and or if they
lose they need to win three and not give
up any okay they're in a bad spot yeah
that sounds - it's not impossible though
they've got a good team all year okay
being honest I wouldn't say it's
impossible but they're in a bad spot
which is fine for me I don't give a shit
Jim if you Packers and Cubs fans we're
mean to rich that means everyone who
likes the teams as an asshole well
that's that's a that's a great way to
completely misrepresent my opinion yeah
yeah it sounds like a great way to do
that which is why I just said you know a
lot of good Cub fans I don't want to rub
their losses in their face yeah I said
that yeah yeah it's also not why I hate
the Cubs the cosplay on the north side
of Chicago right it's it's like the rich
side of town yeah and rooting for the
Cubs I said it's like rooting for the
bully that's that's not a great way to
put it it's more accurate to say it's
like it's like rooting for the preppy in
the high school movie right they are
their team to free to root for they are
not considered the underdog you know
they've been they haven't had a you know
a good World Series win in a while in
that sense they're an underdog but just
culturally once you factor in what the
North side's like it's like rooting for
the preppies gotcha
I'm with you
wait
oh I get it
but like I'll feel better I feel I feel
bad for Karen's dad who is a Cubs fan it
was a Cubs fan and he said his seven
days which means he's seen zero Cubs
World Series wins right
okay Oh for god sakes I don't hate
wealthy people I just said rich why do
you hate so many people I give up I
don't I hate all Cubs fans yeah because
one was mean to me once even though
that's not really my experience yeah I
love it
then I hate all Packers fans because
they've all been mean to me even though
that is my experience oh is that true
yeah no well yeah that's that's a big
thing around from Chicago and then I've
route to the Bears there everybody I
know who's a Packers fan has been a
complete jackass about it yeah that's
that's a bigger rivalry that's a bigger
rivalry right there uh-huh
good guy
oh I guess I needed to send over more
people shit now I'm down a zombie
so I care that much do I need another
zombie not really
not really
every seen you majorly
I've seen major leg I don't love it like
some people do it's a good movie yes a
good movie
I wonder how difficult it is to actually
be able to use like major league
baseball teams in your film
what kind of hoops you have to go
through oh I'm sure very very large
hoops like that they tightly tightly
control their brand image was there
pressure on the people who made major
league at some point to just make up
teams
oh I'm sure especially great reason but
that movie had to use actual MLB teams
right well but also that movie was made
at a time where like brand awareness and
social media marketing wasn't a huge
deal so I think they slid under the
radar yeah and you know like hey it's
like for them I was like at the time it
was free advertising yeah like hey Oh
some major Hollywood movie is gonna talk
about hot T my team's gonna be you know
responsible for that nowadays I think it
would be much much harder and to
incorporate that because you'd have 18
different social marketing managers
trying to you know trying to input have
input I have to imagine these days
baseball would love the idea though any
kind of exposure if anything any kind of
girls those were crowned the NFL and NBA
it used to be in the national pastime
now it's like who gives a fuck I love
baseball but most people don't
yeah
she's got to die first I know
hey you're fine you did it did that
pause button man that's something
special all right
before we get crazy here MLB is making
tons of money rich I'm sure they are but
they're dropping and popularity is
compared to the other sports there
they're a shat they make a shadow of
they I'm sure they make a fraction of
the amount of money that the NFL makes
that's it for TV revenue
the like like you could compare like the
viewership of like the Super Bowl as
compared to the World Series
oh yeah the Super Bowl is a TV event for
the country the World Series is not that
it's base baseball is defeated by its
own complexity how many baseball games
are there in a year hundreds for your
team alone yeah yeah it's it's too much
I wonder if they make up for I wonder
how much they make up for in volume
though with with TV revenue
hmm but then again you don't have a
whole day of the week that's dedicated
to national TV showing games right you
have like if the local network that
shows the local team with baseball it's
typically what you have there may be one
national game a week you know maybe two
who's this person do I need them kind of
weird which kids like you know which
factor in the whole world
baseball is more popular sport than
football South America Japan there's
there's more spots in the world where
they play baseball and there are where
they play football American football
fear to be a notebook or football of the
popular sport in the world
dull is fucked a watch but it's the most
popular sport in the world I don't get
that generally people who are really
passionate about a sport are people who
played that sport in some fashion or
another sloggers an easy sport to play
it's the poor area it's the easiest
sports play literally you only need one
ball for every 20 people that's all you
need for the large as area though you
don't really you know you just need a
ball but you know you need a ball in a
parking lot like you need a ball in an
empty space time on football is not
Dulles fuck no the NBA is very exciting
to watch soccer however is Dulles fuck
nonnamous says rich you know we love you
ok that's I'm gonna hit that one I don't
know if I needed to kill this person I
just kind of wanted to an American will
we'll look at a soccer game and they'll
just see a bunch of like a lot of things
going on but nothing happening the other
ball is moving there's not many breaks
but does it ever really affect the score
no not really
but football you're watching like a
clear strategy a clear progress you're
watching you're watching those lines
move down the field towards the goal
soccer the balls over here balls over
there the balls over here about went out
of bounds that balls over here and falls
over there isn't anywhere near making
them no know when you're making a goal
watching soccer compared to watching
football yeah even even when someone's
not scoring a touchdown in American
football someone is usually hitting
someone right like that's all we really
care all we want to see his things smash
into each other you can see a clear
progress towards making a touchdown oh
they're getting closer
oh I guess I guess that plays a factor
in to the progress bar of the field yes
yeah whereas with soccer even getting
closer to was like getting closer to the
goal doesn't necessarily mean anything
right yeah
what is this is this a power I don't
have oh this is exploding power
okay I think I think I got a plan I
think I have a plan rich riches
ignorance and lack of interest to things
he doesn't know really turns me off of
the stream you know where the exit is
get the fuck out don't don't about
things rich you know I've tried what I
did I made a whole video in which you
know it was centered around the World
Cup and before going down to South
Africa and like I went to a professional
game a World Cup match I could not I
don't understand soccer I don't care I
but I don't care about any sport yeah I
feel the same dull numbness watching any
professional sport and soccer is just no
different it's just a lot bigger like
there's it's just a lot more empty space
you can't call it closed mindedness
Karen loves soccer she's dragged me to
soccer game oh yeah she's more than a
few times she's dragged me to see
Chicago Fire and every time it's just
like alright okay I'm sorry you don't
like my opinion that I find soccer
boring to watch I'm sorry you can't deal
with that and you got to be a snotty
prick about it what is it with you
soccer fans you got to get all arrogant
it's booze puppy support it's the most
popular sport in the world with maybe
you didn't know this but if it myself
that means I get to be a jerk about it
it's a popular sport in the world but oh
God
if I'm a pear phone
oh come on oh there we go I got one
soccer fans are arrogant they are
violent - Touche motherfucker rich call
soccer fans arrogant I just said that
I'm not liking sucker how is that
arrogant I love it I love saying my
opinion is different from yours and then
you're being a jackass about I don't
know right I don't care much for that
thing that you like you're ignorant sir
you are ignorant fuck off let's start a
riot because I don't know you lost of
one old game with penalty kicks site ok
ok ok
how do we do this rich
yes we have to
Gallagher says before watching prereq I
used to drink look in a bar every single
day baseball has a market there can
never be too much baseball Jack also
thanks rich for inspiring me to live a
sober life you're welcome
there can never be too much yeah I mean
if you just need something to watch with
a group and you don't care what it is I
guess baseball like you have to go to a
game I think baseball is much better
than watching person I don't see it man
it's better live I don't see it yeah
I've been I've been to live games get a
nice cold drink a nice hot dog you're
sitting down and watching a boring thing
no it's baseball is if you would fall if
you find a boring Jack that is your
opinion I'm fine with that I do I find
it variable for me I find baseball it's
it's the perfect blend of action and
recreation baseball is like a turn-based
game uh-huh
where in between the moves you can you
get taken the nice weather oh it's a
beautiful day out yeah you're hanging
out with friends and then this one the
ball thinks exciting things happen oh uh
it's cool then you know the next batters
getting ready to walk at the plate
everything you know hey back to relaxin
and your hot dog baseball's great I mean
I obviously disagree that's fine
I find baseball to be incredibly good
you get incredible action and measured
doses yeah yeah what do we need to
explode someone - yeah
none of us says hey I just wanted to say
bacon and pineapple and pizza are the
best toppings of all time nonnamous says
on a different note heavier views either
have you seen any good movies recently I
met Karen watch trick or treat she loved
it oh good I know that is the that is
the the Halloween does your trick
archery I remember enjoying
trick-or-treat no I haven't seen any
that I particularly enjoyed this
recently so that guy was joking we hate
your ridge dance monkey dance
you do realize sarcasm is very hard to
detect with text yeah no they don't by
the way they don't realize that it's all
gone says Jack yep I enjoyed your
drunken rambling on the latest Halloween
best of the worst oh good thank you tell
me okay I'm not gonna talk about
spoilers for the episode thank you
TC Brady 133 says soccer fucking sucks
fat dick just this guy you know say
here's some money so I can yell at you
for your opinions which in some cases
are inconsistent with mine
how dare you for shame okay then let's
talk about movies or video games or
something good tasty Brady that'll
that'll teach you
that'll teach you you prick no turn
around turn around
Suri Chen says speaking of rich totally
being fine with mobile games so you
think you guys can do Phoenix Wright for
my birthday soon
December 9th around the corner Baja also
I think you missed my last tip
got him got cannibal
sorry Jennsen Pepe do us murtis Eve
sorry I know rich has created a lot of
structures for the shows but do you guys
know how to draw / paint pictures / use
pen tablets lol dick my jack
sorry Chen I've never really done much
with a pen tablet yeah yeah I've ever
I've never had one oh I got a reasonably
priced Wakeham or Wacom Wacom I thought
may come I could be wrong one of those
reason first one a while ago and I break
it out if I'm doing an extensive
Photoshop work it's it's much easier to
use than a mouse and you know like
especially if you're doing like fine
refinements like you know for me it's a
lot of like photo cropping you know like
edging out people before like and now
Photoshop does a lot of that
automatically but back in the day
Photoshop you'd have to like hand cut
someone out of a photo and that was
really hard to do you know so you get a
pen tablet but now it's all authentic
it's incredibly easy so I have one I
haven't used in a while half cat says
the older I get the more I come to
appreciate baseball there actually is
strategy and you're right rich the
breaks are part of the experience also
tennis and hockey rule 9 stop action
love you I do
none of us says battered rich syndrome
none of us says oh I'm sorry
it was sarcasm I love you rich I agree
about soccer too I went to a game once
and I ended up getting hey what was
going on in the bathroom of that soccer
game but well I'm watching soccer it was
all that unprotected sex he was having
with with everyone he said or maybe
maybe it was like he got like infected
blood on him during the soccer riot the
father sure maybe it was because of the
intravenous drug use he was doing I was
sharing needles the soccer I had a
surprisingly little to do with all of
the aids he got
ah I have quick-moving sounds okay just
this guy you know says hey hi given that
it's the end of October yep I'm pretty
sure that means it was sort of recently
Rich's birthday happy birthday rich
thank you thank you and it was I am
older you a you have no line
you've gone another year without dying
yeah congratulation yeah I my score is
just really racking up there and it yeah
yes speeds a great one oh hello oh my
god yeah it gets a little wonky if it
ever they make them go double fast no
that would be awesome you go fast you go
fast and you go fast again
interesting but how the timer still
still goes oh oh sure
well shit it just means you won't get
the bonus objective which is difficult
it took me a while to get it I think you
have to beat this one in under a minute
20 seconds yeah probably not gonna
happen
especially because pausing doesn't seem
to do anything not of a sense o RL m
fins are just Star Wars aides 911 and
baseball yes or not it sounds like most
of you aren't into baseball just by
listening to the comments the spoilers
for the best of the worst episode of the
chat you shut your mouths
look and we already yelled at you about
that
god dammit be cool
god dammit oh shit well that's gonna
ruin my time I'll be a prick don't be a
prick just stop being a goddamn prick
all the time that's just like our only
rule ever gob a book says rich I'm
almost 40
are you the oldest of the rlm crew
Laurie Laurie who else is 40 happy
birthday I'm not 40 yet I'm very close
to being that 39 god dammit
yeah whatever it's like very little
difference it's less than a year
difference I mean oh you know usually
after like 25 it just doesn't matter
it just doesn't matter
I'm asking for the impossible I'm asking
for our mods to freakin put a temporary
ban on anybody who starts running their
mouth off about crap that happened in
the current best of the worst I came out
there were only like minutes before we
started street mode today just a fan I
don't want to fuck over the people who
chose to watch our stream rather than
watch the episodes right away so if you
are spoiling the episode just don't talk
about it
just don't talk about it if you're
spoiling the episode mods get mad a long
time out yep I know you like the episode
you want to talk about it but there's a
lot of people in here who haven't seen
it yet and you know we want to talk
about it too that's why we spent for it
for anyone who who wasn't here for the
beginning stream we spend a good portion
before we started streaming just
debating whether or not we either start
streaming whether we delay the stream so
we could watch it whether we watch the
stream or watch the episode live on
stream which we agreed would be weird
because we couldn't show the episode on
stream because of copyright rules even
though it's our ulema I don't I don't
think J and Mike would like that and we
think it would be weird to have you
watch us watching something else for an
hour yeah you know like every once in a
while like yeah well watch this music
video or whatever right for an hour
that's crazy
oh we got run over by a car he got one
there you got one
it's not over yet jekt oh my god this is
a long ass level yeah close Jackie close
yeah I'm not I mean I'm not making it in
a minute a half anyways I might as well
take my time rewind shucks is rich
please yell as loud as you can
I'm running this monkey farm now
Frankenstein I want to know what the
fuck you're doing with my time like if I
did that as loud as I can I'm blowing
out everybody's fucking here drew yeah
yeah go ahead I'm running this monkey
firm no Frankenstein now I know what the
fuck you're doing with my time I'm sure
that was still wowed oh I'm sure
great
oh is that guy again
you like in this game jack yeah this is
this is a rich game strategizing you
know me yeah well I I need a I need a
shoot and running right what a brain I
need I need something that that requires
you not to think and only use muscle
twitchy muscle memory a little bit of
thinking is all right
only minor thinking that actually wasn't
very loud because I had the mic a good
four feet away from my mouth right we
need a piece of tape to hold this like
if we tape the cord right here it won't
get in the way
see like but now it like rubs it's got
it's like fingers on a chalkboard right
now yeah put it under that pin it under
good that's good at him oh yeah that's
much better we're getting any mouse
so the personal message my sound
engineer sadly passed away I'm currently
looking for a replacement preferably
someone strong who knows his way around
a shotgun still despite this setback the
news must go on even if the situation
currently seems completely hopeless
while in the past we had only seen
isolated fast zombies it appears that
overlords have seen have been seen
teaching the whole horde to run I like
it do-do-do-do-do-do okay so we Overlord
you that way let me turn you into a
jumpy some jump people up to attack mr.
man and then we turn you into a fast e
as well can we do that - sure oh no you
can't jump in fast nope son of a bitch
right on top
open the door over the door Oh son of a
bitch you Jiminy Cricket
Percy bastard pause it ya see that this
doors down there yeah every wood that
says oh nice so we don't back upstairs
I'm with it
oh man I'm a hip oh love that floor jack
and then not the worst spot to set up
Bob let's be an overlord speed guy as
soon as I'm down the door yep that's
exactly what I was thinking oh wait yeah
they've run in the direction he's
pointing the torch to when you turn him
into a runner great nice nice yeah you
know make sure they attack that van oh
yeah like this is a super fun game yeah
and as far as like lemmings esque crowd
control games go I think having that in
the zombie category is is actually
something that is appropriate for the
zombie genre I think oh I get to be the
zombies that's fun you know what that is
that's fun good I'm gonna trap more
games don't let you be the zombies right
what is a guy up here
forget about them it's not your goal is
it not your goal Jack like dead inside
door door and then they I'll do the same
thing where I set up an overlord over
here
boom and you'll be an overlord this way
and right they are fast overnight go
go easy peasy oh there's more people
here they will blow it up that door you
don't great jack not you're doing great
I feel like I'm doing great
Stubbs Asami let you be a zombie in the
60s I remember that game I mean like a
like some kind of strategy game though
we were controlling mass zombies
I remember seven zombies I remember like
you know Stubbs the zombies has a
fantastic soundtrack yeah it's all songs
from the 50s and 60s done at redone by
modern artists yeah so it was a really
great soundtrack I wear the game just
being kind of like I've never actually
played it so okay he's all right and I
want you to be a jumpy want you to be a
jumpy Overlord shit you know it jump
behind their lights shit never mind
never mind he's silly me get up oh I
know what we're gonna go yeah you got
table choice I just know we're not gonna
run at him straight you know there we go
underneath
I don't think so I could be wrong wait
you don't try you don't think I could
just jump up there like I probably have
to somebody's not you probably have to
knock the floor down first yeah well so
you'll be an exploding overload boom and
then you'll be a throwie overload that
way great
and we'll see and if it's like a runny
overlord
yep then you my friend will be a runny
overlord oh really
you're not dead he's like a boss he's
the one that got away earlier I remember
him yeah fuck you guy you're dead now
motherfucker
motherfucker but yeah you know I always
forget that people always ask us about
like great game soundtracks I think most
mostly most of the time they mean game
scores because the soundtrack and a
score or two very different things
but I still have the Stubbs the zombie
soundtrack and every once in a while in
a shuffle like like like Ben Kweller if
you guys remember Ben Kweller does
lollipop it's great do you remember Ben
Kweller no he does a version of lollipop
there is a version of you know every day
by Buddy Holly yeah there is a version
done by oh god what is their name there
is a version of every day there's a
cover of every day that is an amazing
like on par with the buddy not Buddy
Holly
yes Buddy Holly on par with the Buddy
Holly version
it's it's gorgeous who does that who
does the the the everyday chat someone
knows I don't think this game is too
easy this is only like a quarter of the
way through a lot of this has just been
learning this shit oh right like I'm
only on level whatever I've got a bit
further and there's some some that are
harder than what we've done
yeah DLR and anything else that what oh
yeah my girlfriend's back though that
was great from my boyfriend's back huh
changed from my boyfriend's back my
girlfriend's back was great in Stubbs
maybe I don't forget who does the cover
of every day someone needs to tell me in
chat someone knows this you guys know
everything mmm it's it's an amazing
cover it's a it's a really great cover
it's like with acoustic guitars and
violins boom bum ba-bum ba-bum someone's
gonna do rogue wave yes rogue wave thank
you chat they do a great cover so anyway
it is a really fun soundtrack really fun
soundtrack and just all good things
Stubbs I didn't much care for the game
it was made by like a it was made by a
halo he was made by the halo team yeah
an X Bungie guy and so it was bad it had
like first person controls even though
as a third person game it was weird
rogue wave that was totally a Buddy
Holly what a group what a great and
Buddy Holly how lucky was the Big Bopper
lucky yeah what do you mean lucky if the
Big Bopper had not died with Buddy Holly
and Ritchie Valens uh-huh
would anyone know who he was at this at
this point in time
damn yeah sorry if that's too rich Evans
for you but now I'm thinking about Buddy
Holly I don't know enough about the Big
Bopper
to tell you if that's the case boom can
you name a Big Bopper song when I was
gonna say the twister chubby Checker's
the answer is you can't
it's Chantilly lace you lose no he had
another one - is it Chantilly lace or
was that Buddy Holly Chubby Checker -
no no like dying in a crane plane crash
obviously super unlucky one yes legacy
wise he would have continued his career
and then over time no one would have
remembered who he was he happened to die
in a plane crash with two incredibly
talented and noteworthy musicians and
that means that his legacy lives on to
this day okay I'm a musical idiot jack
I'm sorry I can't give you a strong
opinion on any of this shit I can do he
was that's right Fresno Bob he was a
novelty act like he you know he had kind
of like generic generic doo-wop music
that he would just kind of talk over are
you gonna look up the Big Bopper
Chantilly lace oh wait what did that
tell me crawlers a new type of zombies
are the most recent zombie type to be
spotted apparently it seemed more
powerful than others Ami's witness
reported seeing them climbed walls
crawlers also seem to be sneakier than
other zombies oh okay
crawlers French fucking dough biggest
shit you creepy Bing is shit
Bing Bing search yeah my just not
getting where am I not getting internet
here oh no I should be getting loads of
Internet here
I should be getting Internet out of my
butt we get we have so much internet
here there's just so much internet Oh
rich they're saying they're telling you
the score chad is telling you this core
apparently it's sprawled away well there
you go don't see it
really killed me oh I could have crawled
over that I'm a big dum-dum me I am a
dummy yes I am I'm a big dumb dummy
dummy is my name and dummy is my clan
all right thank you thank you for the
update Jen oh no you know what I'm just
gonna restart this level I'm a dummy I'm
a dummy
you did you did big dummy dumb dumb
dummy dumb but the crawler can crawl
over this gap yeah or the the wall
crawler guy can crawl over this gap and
I had him jump over it to attack this
site okay okay that's why I'm a big dumb
dummy it's not a big deal well because I
used that jump I didn't have the jump
available to jump again you know yeah so
boom yes Chad I used GOG galaxy I've
also bought the suffrages from their
website it's all fine yeah I like GOG
galaxy
game child UK says any thoughts in the
film American Psycho I like it a lot but
I find it's a film that needs repeat
viewings to actually fully understand
and appreciate also is good even get
even or get of him I haven't seen
American Psycho 70 that's an American
Psycho that's a good movie there's
Jack's thoughts in American Psycho
I think American Psycho is one of those
few cases where there's an argument for
the movie being better than the book
Patrick Bateman the lead character in
American Psycho is very detail-oriented
and in the book a large portion of the
chapters are just dedicated to him like
describing the in detail all of the
little things in his life that make his
life special you know yes like he loves
oh these are my imported soaps and I use
these to get my hair a certain weight if
I use these products on my hair and you
know like it's all creating the
character but it's a difficult read okay
because it gets very tedious to read but
in the movie they're able to convey the
same thing in a shorter time span okay
okay so I'm not saying that the movie is
better than the book but there's an
argument to be made but I like it so
what was the question about am i given
is it get even or get even it's get even
obviously look we think it's supposed to
be it was meant to be get even but there
is clearly no space between the two
words
so we're forced to pronounce it get of
it it has to be get ofin because there's
no space so what were they just asking
on what was it about
American Psycho I'm sorry I lapsed it
doesn't that many thoughts so you did it
that's on there just want a thoughts on
okay and and bainfield death puts it
more succinctly than I could where he
says the movie is more digestible than
the book yeah absolutely
okay I haven't seen read so I think it's
definitely
it's it's worth a watch it's it's a fun
it's a fun movie it's it's a fun movie
about a psycho they say I agree with
those things right you said now I think
I think it's a fun it's a fun movie
Donnie axes pineapple pizza is great I
don't get how the two of you can have
such a wrong opinion all right get right
out of town how about that how about
getting right out of town it's just
trying to rile us up Jack here's the
thing I know what the last thing we is
an extended chat about pizza pineapple
pizza we just don't need it in our life
wait so bitte bitte bitte bitte bitte
bitte it's the rules about wall-crawling
here I don't think I've ever seen upside
down crawling but I never really tried
much so I could be wrong she can jump up
through there that's what I needed to
know hey hello you are dead now break
through this door hello and you are dead
now
great bumping and you will be dead now
it probably would have been a lot of
work but it would have been so worth it
if the zombies look like the people you
killed and it would have been worth it
and you know and white why couldn't you
make them keep their same clothes like
their body language and the red mouth
would make them identifiable enough yeah
same clothes you know it's it's
upsetting and and that kind of goes back
to the whole simplistic art style makes
the levels hard to read it's it's just
one of those touches where I'm sure it
was for very specific reason cost
savings but yeah that would have been
nice joys the chat says you can't judge
people by what they eat I'm sorry but it
just doesn't matter what if they eat
other people um you know they had other
people just putting that out there
what are they eat babies you got some
people eating babies over here ah baby
the raw uncooked baby boy what you got
here is some people eating babies and
you saying we can't judge these baby
eaters this is where you're coming from
I'm not down with that you know what I'm
gonna judge some baby eaters you're
gonna judge them Hey attack the fucking
people thank you
I'm gonna judge me the fuck out of some
baby eaters what if they eat poop then
you don't kiss them exactly don't stand
too close when they talk another thing
another smart move see you now here's
something upsetting oh I guess there's a
great here okay never mind never mind
it's not upsetting anymore I'm
understanding what's happening
see now this gap I need to jump over
yeah oh but I can't that's probably
another way there there is another way
there you're making it too complicated
follow the maze
what I mean oh I see yeah
I see what's going on here boom
also a better soundtrack who would have
gone a long way I know that's something
you don't soundtrack or score I think
the soundtracks perfectly effective and
the zombie movie they're emulating I
want I want something to listen to
nah yeah Romero soundtracks are just
like noise it's great creepy noise is
what you need
creepy unsettling off-putting noise game
child you cases fun fact the Universal
Monsters had the first cinematic
universe but first their own films of
the 30s then 40s had Frankenstein Meets
Wolfman and the ensemble films of the
ensemble films house of Frankenstein /
Dracula yeah I don't know if that's a
fun fact but I'm glad to know happy to
know I guess
bump-bump dead now how do I get over
there
over where
I get to these people well how would you
get to those people yeah
oh okay I can just go back to click on
the TV go to TV click on the TV
crowley's can jump between walls making
them more versatile and harder to manage
and previously thought can contribute so
you can jump from one wall on the other
side you can jump when you're on a wall
oh okay I get it
you can make someone a crawler - yeah
yeah I mean you got us to down in there
yeah let's make this one job where we're
a float your boat Jeff make this
wonderful fucking barn give no fucks
don't do sacrifice some of these guys
because they're useless nope oh and
they're yeah I guess you need that too
I take it back
yep yep yep yep
great hey nothing you dingus well now I
need to make another one
Angus and his friend Angus The
Adventures of dingus and dungus coming
soon defects
cuz it affects after viewers hi guys
what's going on
we're playing zombie night of terror it
was not me night terror it's not a night
terror there's not an oven there I so
feels like there should be an oven there
Sunday night of terror said of just
zombie night terror hang up
Oh Oh Jack what I did it the ones you
need that for down below though there's
no way in there oh wait what's my goal
in this level to get to the right side
to get out Oh what no is it yeah to get
here well technically on the ground down
there the crawlers the tutorial reason
for this is the crawlers don't take fall
damage a crawler can survive a fall down
there yeah I did not understand this
level then well shit that's all fine
well shit rich it's all fine shit cool a
long time viewer first three life
journey oh cool nice to have you welcome
aboard
welcome to the shit show don't have any
idea why you were a long time viewer but
I guess you enjoyed it oh and see again
simplistic art design I figured this was
an outside wall that I couldn't get out
okay okay
I'm using context clues I know this is a
building that's the outside of a
building you know what the outside of a
building
rich fucking yells no everything's fine
it has walls rich nails Delta to be fair
I have played this level before but I
still kind of got it
I didn't I didn't I'm kind of bad you're
done that's fair we played a lot yeah I
figured we've done half of the first
chapter Oh
bobbins fine above and beyond the call
of yeah I'm getting testy so I'm gonna
be done that's what's happening it's
making me use my brain rich and I don't
like that you just you just want to
watch basically I want to go home and
watch best of the worst I'm not gonna
lie I've been thinking about that best
of the worst I could so we could end the
stream now and I could go home and watch
best of the worst and still make it to a
reasonable bedtime so I think ending the
stream now is not a bad idea so how
about that what is that three hours
three hours a fine stream the fine
stream here's the point in the stream
where we read off the names of the
people who have subscribed during the
stream thanks to leftover beef cakes
wonderful tape watcher yeah or the
twitch chat watcher it collects all of
you who have subscribed to us during the
stream in one convenient space Tiberius
Kirk we we didn't want to do that where
we just watched the best of the worst
and reacted live because then you guys
would be just watching us watching
something for an hour it's also kind of
really pushing twitches like standards
rights we're yeah playing a game we're
definitely not with my definitely not
playing game we're not really talk
showing about anything
maybe it's creative but now you know
we're just gonna title it performance
art I guess
we're men washes himself if you haven't
seen the best immersive after the stream
go watch it we'll talk about it on
Wednesday I'm sure but for now we would
like to say thank you to all the
subscribers like Kay's 87 who has
subscribed to us for twenty three
fucking months in a row
Kay's says almost two years grande Juba
a Farren's filmmaker freak it's fish bus
for 22 fucking months in a row 15 bridge
9 different bridge 9 says XCOM has
zombies just saying just saying chub I
last 1984 slash s 17 months in a row
midnight Andy for 13 months in a row
Smoove I'm 25 fucking months in a row
lovely musical note split atom and split
Adam says hi guys I'm a great admirer of
I'm a great admirer of all Al is all I'm
a great the problem was always on both
sides of owls and as you know I have
difficulties reading stuff and I've
compensated for that by speed reading
like I read ahead and then and so like I
saw the two of zand basically my mind
and fine mind it's our Irish I I'm a
great admirer of all of you at red
letter media keep it up can't wait to
see what's next
not a robot 101 I totally believe you
not a robot sausage toes for 22 months
in a row and sausage toes says of course
a hot dog is not a sandwich because you
would never cut it in half to share
sausage toes that's on you man maybe
you're a dick you should share your
hotdogs man damn man 60 to 80 Oh bother
418
months in a row and Oh bother says
previously reheated live Andy from space
he's from space towed decimals 12 months
in a row tow decimal says happy almost
Halloween and happy one-year anniversary
absolutely turn decimals smack that one
still batting still yes still batting a
thousand oh it's a baseball thing I
would have said one zero zero zero so
like oh my god because I just don't know
sports there's something you know that
means batting a thousand means you've
hit all the balls if it all of the balls
that you swung at that you swung at
you've hit all the balls that you've
swung at well congratulations still
batting 1000 technically you can still
get some strikes Oh as long as you're
not out and you get that hit oh okay
you're batting a thousand there you go
and what is it pitching a thousand two
or what's the pitching thing or is that
just a perfect game you want low numbers
but it's not like a thousand it's one
point or two points or something er eh
it's the earned run average for one it's
more convoluted stat for what even for
what for pitching we have one more name
oh we have four more for pitching for
pitching thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it sure too rich
explained more sports analogies to me
