Episode 673
Stardew my Nutsack, er Rucksack
December 6, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3X4jcg1PTg
___________________________________________

and that's the first thing they're gonna
hear scare and dip I'm testing my vocals
rich this is our mic test
I'm testing how loud I am sorry so
scared
dip okay that's fine whatever strange
things you once hey welcome everybody we
are not late we were considering going a
little late because I'm downloading
we're downloading a game well sure so
yeah rich wants to do some stuff instead
oh my god that was your thing my what
your special throw my special thing rich
wanted to play a little stardew valley
and if he wants to stop were downloading
Dishonored 2 it's a long done though so
it's a big game here you want to do some
key bindings is that gonna like a dongle
or something yes it's poison it's
already fucking oh here let me just the
the switches over here okay okay
actually she's gonna recognize this as
this it's just I just need to move
basically yeah yeah yeah then it should
it's just WASD so oh yeah yeah yeah okay
use the the old chuck the old chuck
stick so we're trying to do some stuff
in stardew valley and you know check out
Rich's very impressive farm here by the
way
very impressive farm wrench yeah yes
look at this moderately low and I'm done
well he's done I got some cabbage nice
that means that means I got another
bundle off the community center taken
care of look nice
and so yeah if he if he wants top line
this I'll play a little dishonored
because I was playing a little this this
morning afternoon and I'm kind of
digging him I know I someone asked me on
Twitter whether I was experience any
experiencing any technical problems and
I wasn't you got a nice PC some people
are saying they're having problem are
using PC just out of curiosity or oh
yeah oh god yeah yeah I've heard that
with dishonored like you know precise
aim is a thing okay okay I don't know
Oh give her give her a little snip this
new girl adorable adorable rich why why
is rich playing this JRPG because
there's no boring turn-based combat we
just stand on either side of the room
and whacking each other right banding
the same attack over and over until the
other thing dies you know that in depth
strategy you all like in your JRPGs
zombie fever have a nice PC I built I
built it on streem all the specs are on
that stream build somewhere I don't know
exactly the specs my graphics card is a
gtx 1070 though it's not the 1080i no
the 1080 is like that that's the real
nice one so I didn't get the real nice
one but it serves my purpose as well and
and so far I'm maybe an hour hour and a
half of play time into Dishonored 2 as I
had to take many breaks and so far I
have not come across any debilitating
game breaking bugs as I've been reported
yeah for sure so just cleaned button-up
night one clean button what so just
clean button-up nice shirt nice so just
clean button-up shirt nice whoo I'm
wearing a flannel and rich is wearing a
t-shirt are you talking to us talking to
someone else right there boys are here
whatever else they could die cold
already we just started welcome to the
Sunday stream I am playing as Emily
mostly because I like playing as girls
and games and that you get to pick who
you play as you get to put pick as
whether you want to play as NML Emily or
kohrville okay and the way I wanted to
play it I empathized more with Emily so
so I chose that if I if I do it if I
play tonight I'm gonna choose Corvo just
to see what happens like to see how
similar his storyline is like do they go
at the same places I don't know but but
that's what I'm doing for now but I'm
not like I said I'm not very far not
very far at all so that's what's going
on Jack
yes what's new what's new in the world
not a robot 101 we don't need anyone to
model stuff in AutoCAD we we have a
couple helpers we have we have Mario
Mario and Oh bother
who are helping us only got two more I'm
done with all their shed nice seed maker
I really needed one of those oh well oh
well I need three apples okay and a
pomegranate
oh that's that's everything that's how
all all of the rest are done Jack nice
rich very nice
you got a seed maker
I don't know just fish that's right
here's my goal tonight
okay what's you you you said you want to
do some how would I want to do a deep
run in the skull Cameron mine where you
get all the iridium okay so I need money
to buy stones and I also need fish to
make food to eat in the mines
okay okay like I have anywhere near
enough money to buy the amount of stones
I need though to get deep because the
strategy is you what you can do with the
stones you can build a staircase okay
then just bring like 5,000 rocks with
you and you just make a bunch of
staircases to get deep and the deeper
you go on those mines the higher the
chance you'll get iridium oh okay so you
get really deep stones they're gonna be
blowing things up with bombs all right
great
roto no rogue null says when we use
Twitch prime to subscribe to Jack and
Rich still get the money yes we get we
get an e as equal a cut as we would get
if you paid just out of pocket so yes if
you are a Amazon Prime user you get one
free twitch subscription a month you do
need to check that Auto renew if you
want to auto renew but oh my god I've
got a crazy Fisher you it's gonna be a
tiny little like tuna now honey there's
a pretty big oh yeah well it's not what
am I thinking of sardine yeah I'm
thinking of sagging this sardine one
fish per fish that's adorable
gobbledygook says hey you guys did you
ever play Skyrim or any other Bethesda
games besides Fallout New Vegas
dishonored series uses the same engine
hope you fall in love with it and have a
long honeymoon Cheers
I mostly avoided it because I didn't
like the idea of first-person melee
combat in Skyrim yeah oh and I can tell
you in Dishonored 2 so far it works
really nicely I plan on stealth in the
shit out of that you
apparently our a bloodthirsty monster
I'm a bloodthirsty monster but the
action works really nice look much like
theif the little bit I played a thief it
has a whole like you know parry / system
with your sword and mostly because I
just kept on screwing up my stealth I
was decided to say fuck it and I wanted
to murder them anyway because you know
there's a story reason why I won't want
it to murder them matter doesn't have
the fear factor that thief add because
you could just slaughter everything in
one and Dishonored
yeah yeah right now I am able to
slaughter everything with ease
yeah but it you know I'm very early I
don't get the sense of fear it you got
played right right I'm not using a big
dumb club in dishonor do they yeah I
have my sword my sword and you get a
cool little gun I try not to use the gun
mostly because it you know makes more
people coming to attack you but I'm
digging it so far I'm liking him it
makes me upset about my motion sickness
and thief because I do think I would
enjoy it but uh because I've been
enjoying you really can't just go around
slaughtering things and thief oh then
maybe I wouldn't enjoy it yeah because
uh cuz yeah for part of the story you
know I just really enjoyed killing a
bunch of people
apparently puffer fishes are paying the
ass I'm playing dishonored to you fucker
I'm assuming like most sequels you don't
necessarily have to play the first one
but uh hopefully can get some good money
for p4 fishes well pay for fishes well
they're planning on turning them into
food so the money isn't even a thing are
there any games genres that you wish you
were better at like stealth or fighting
games typically I'm not the ones I'm not
good at I'm not good at because I don't
like them and I don't play them that
much sure sure
like I I don't have the mental acuity to
think like three moves ahead like in
chess or in strategy games so strategy
games are incredibly difficult for me
just because I can't I don't have the
patience to think 10 moves ahead that
was pretty bad an ex-con when I first
started playing but I liked it that kept
playing I got gooder at it you got
gooder oh that's the that's the key get
gooder so like I I wish I had the
patient who perfect
I do wish i had the patience for
strategy games i just don't rich for use
this to expand this horizon absolutely
rich yeah if you don't like horse shit
you know you just got to keep eating it
until you like it I mean eventually
you're probably going to find the right
kind of horse shit rich what if the
horse ate a bunch of strawberries the
day before then you know might have a
like strawberry taste to it
I think the problem is you're just not
eating enough cyanide you gotta broaden
your horizons Jack I'm rich I know this
one brand of cyanide that I'm sure
you're gonna love I'm sure you're gonna
love it it's this one specific brand I
know you don't like most brands of
cyanide but I got this one brand dr.
gilda got I'm liking the world so far
really diggin the world
I like the the like steampunk mysticism
Victorian thing thief thief thief thief
it made me sick Ritchie it made me sick
I also like that it doesn't look like a
doom mod and it has modern-day graphics
I'm not even planning on selling the
damn thing no no and Eve had like a
thief just had a I mean the little I got
to play a thief it was straight-up
medieval oh no no no well that first
mission like people were in like Knights
outfits especially 52 mostly Victorian
oh yeah
the great one of the great wills as a
shit this game plays to fast pace for me
I'm having a coronary
yeah I'm fishing what do you want what
it start of Ally
that's what it is can you eat pufferfish
another poisonous okay I think what you
cook them though it just counts that was
like fish oh sure
what do I think about Pokemon Sun and
Moon ah uh so far actually I have not
been terribly into Pokemon why Ivanpah
my god I'm talking a pup oh we're
talking about Pokemon rich I've been a
big fan of all the Pokemon games and
Pokemon y Oh friend o is coming to see
it rich hey there what are you doing you
fishing can i watch a dear friend oh my
god he's getting in position I'm just
standing back here you don't need to
worry about anything friend oh oh oh no
I'm just fishing
I'm just freakin hoo all game mind if I
just fish right next to you so yeah so
far I haven't been digging Pokemon why
only because I feel like they got rid of
a lot of the things I liked about the
Pokemon series you're hanging out with a
bunch of your friends all the time and I
liked kind of a loner aspect you get a
bunch of Pokemon for free and someone on
the chat is bitter that I like thief and
vanquish and not final fantasy go fuck
yourself
well combat late they're very they're
very similar games final fantasy I don't
like the exact same things they like him
as much as they like them no I don't
like that why does he like it
bad bad he say thing bad now I say bad
thing he know like anything except for
things he likes and talks about but he
know like things I like means he know
like anything tastes bad get good so
yeah it's a little
ask him if he wish he'd like things I
like each say no he said no he not wish
he like thing I like insult insult like
lion brain yes rich is like lion brain
you're right I'm trying to talk to you
about Pokemon and rich keeps
interrupting me with funny stuff
how dare here how dare he try to tell
jokes on our entertainers for goddamn
already dare you you just keep talking
about them Pokemon stack it's fine it's
fine no no that was some well I'm
fishing oh I know that's like Pokemon
why so far has been very very like it's
it's like baby mode and usually I die
only a minute for the story I'm only in
it for defeating the Elite Four or
whatever
I rarely play after that and like in
this game you get you get a an
experience chair very early on and
normally the experience share you gets
it's like choose one Pokemon and they
will get some amount of experience so
you don't necessarily have to fight them
so it's a good way to raise weaker
Pokemon the experience here and this one
gives experience to all the other
Pokemon even if they don't fight and so
I haven't even beaten the forth gym
leader yet and all my Pokemon are at
crazy high levels and so nothing is a
challenge nothing is a challenge for me
how many fish are in that one spot
how many VidCon so far eight at least
eight check my inventory mostly if you
know it's mostly seaweed I've gotten 12
fucking seaweeds 8 9 10 13 13 fish
I should 14 15 I'm not counting the
pufferfish great energy you know what I
need enough hard wood to build a house
expansion so I'm going to the going to
the forest Jack going to the forest on
to the forest ok I've got my fish on hey
get it's done
I agree twitch plays Pokemon this my my
experience with modern Pokemon so far
has been it's just too easy and it's not
it's not as satisfying to me so my guess
is the if if the trend continues Sun and
Moon will be that will be the same it
don't it'll just be a little too boring
for me so I'm not I'm not necessarily
excited about it
is what I'm saying gaming is turning the
into the equivalent of the participation
ribbon yes you know I'm feeling I'm
feeling a little bit like that rich more
what was that oh there there there is
hasn't Pokemon always been too is it's
you know it can be easy but it hasn't
like it hasn't been this easy eat the
seaweed put it in your mouth nice did
shit but did shit rich it did shit I got
two more logs to chop I did shit health
two more stumps okay you can do it there
I'm done to make a point says the master
28,000 even when you hate a series you
guys end you guys ended up liking Metal
Gear Solid 5 despite hating and not
caring no no we hate everything
we don't give anything a chance we don't
expand our horizons see here's the thing
the master I don't think we ever said we
hated the Metal Gear series we just said
we weren't particularly into it oh you
know having the energy-rich I need a
plan to just take time which I have
probably enough for now you know that
that was our that was our deal with the
Metal Gear series as we just said we
weren't into it we weren't well versed
did you say you hated it I said I hated
this the story aspects of it the still
are still doing sure sure but with
something like Final Fantasy rich has
like both great well I don't
I know it's not the same as it used to
be with the turn-based whacking at each
other right I still don't
I'm not a big anime guy right it's gonna
be a bunch of crap and annoying girls
teenage girls that talk and act like
five-year-olds and spiky haired annoying
kids fuck the whole thing
fat samurai puts it best where he says
nuances for nerds that's the thing it's
it's all about nuance you know and if
you really want rich to play Final
Fantasy Tactics you know what you got to
do no you threw down you threw down yeah
no I I have to receive a 998 dollar
donation a one-time 998 dollar donation
for two streams oh yeah I spent ninety
six for one for four people who weren't
here on Friday rich did agree to do two
full for our streams of Final Fantasy
Tactics if we can get a one-time
donation
originally it was $1,000 but he then
lowered the price to a reasonable
perfectly reasonable nine hundred and
ninety eight dollars and if you want it
to be even a little bit cheaper he'll go
down to one stream for nine hundred and
ninety six dollars so yeah damn
perfectly reasonable perfectly
reasonable to brain says Dawg just be
like everyone else and admit you love it
with complete adoration or hate it with
absolute venom I mean rich can't you
make it more see easier can't make it
easier on them I guess here you are
making it easier you hate it with
absolute venom and now they want and
they still push you we can't win no no
this is the point right
cannot win
oh sure rich would hate it I I think
Final Fantasy Tactics he would enjoy the
tactics of it what I I didn't like
banner saga all that much oh yeah yeah
it plays anything like banner saga I
think there's more ranged heroes if I
remember I played only a very little bit
of it a long time ago but you might dig
it just for just for the strategy just
for the strategy but who knows farming
like I'm perfectly willing to omit the
Metal Gear Solid good gameplay really
good good gameplay all the characters
all the plots go fuck itself yeah and
then and then the extended cutscene mr.
monster man and his goofiness yeah you
know the Lone Ranger Monster Mash and
the giant and building another giant
robot and then the the angel robots
things guy who's not a bad guy and the
double twist you're not the carry
convoluted nonsense in favor of like a
clear straightforward story you know God
oh yeah Oh God
but yeah we both agree that the gameplay
was really fun it was really fun
sneaking into villages and doing that
helps the world stealth yeah now that
was good that's great we both
recommended it yes we did true that's
true about Metal Gear Solid 5 people
don't remember that they just remember
all the hate we gave the story him I
remember Jack please tell rich he's got
the best t-shirts thank you this was
sent to me by you people but you find
the people it's a great shirt that's an
Evil Dead shirt I think and general Jack
has the best shirts
that
Darmok and Jalad one wins that's a great
chair wins all time that's the only
shirt you you needed to wear you have
won the shirt warm oh well there you go
that's that's what I needed then that
Darmok and Jalad shirt is pretty pretty
glorious though I have discovered I
don't know if I've said this on stream
yet I was wearing it out one day and you
know I was hanging out we met up with a
friend and they saw the shirt and they
and they were looking at and they didn't
get the reference they didn't get the
Star Trek reference and they're just
like jerks well well they looked at the
shirt they looked at me they go are you
in a band or something is that your band
of the Darmok and Jalad and i looked at
it and captain you know the the the kind
of simple Captain Picard it looks like
me so it looks like I'm wearing a shirt
with me on it yeah and that is upsetting
I don't want that I don't want that rich
is clearly the arbiter of good taste
absolutely no and I know there's a new
there's a new Final Fantasy I did play a
little Final Fantasy X and a little
Final Fantasy x-2 probably x-2 was the
last one I played and I just couldn't I
couldn't be down with the outfit
swapping that X wasn't wasn't the worst
it was kind of bad I played a little
Final Fantasy not my cup of tea
oh that's fine oh you left your calves
out yeah way to go way to go where are
we here TC Brady 133 says just subscribe
to the rlm patreon hope it is worth it
pokemon is for mongoloid man so too
I actually like you know I'm not a
patron of there so I don't know what
they post but let's say it's worth it
though let's say it's worth it advance
warning on some stuff there's advance
warning I know they post like behind the
scene photos along
pictures and extra videos that you can't
get unless you're a patron so also
Pokemon is for mongoloid man children
also baseball sucks AIDS any news on
Project Hornet no no news on Project
Hornet just like anything he's wrong for
like baseball you arm your arm I hate
people so much they're like all people I
hate all of the people answer
Jago cessarich end you should get
Pokemon Sun or moon so I can trade
and/or fight with you it's gonna be my
first Pokemon game oh I'll probably end
up getting it eventually does your
dinosaur grow big can it grow though
it's just things anybody know that's
upsetting gotta have a giant dinosaur
just be a patron for the support of the
free content
yeah and that's true that's that's
really true with really with anyone's
patron is the idea is you know your
patron and then they keep making the
thing that you like look at the second
you start wanting to talk about the Cubs
that's when I start talking about
politics all right have a nice lengthy
discussion about President Trump oh
Jesus Christ don't talk about the Cubs
Jesus Jesus I'll change that subject on
you faster than you can blink
motherfucker fucking around with that
shit just as guy knows is rich you want
bombs for skull cavern depth ya know
okay you know I got a whole bunch of
iron ore and oh girl I'd go raft into
bombs rather than spending a million
dollars to buy rent bombs the rock
clusters to find scarce tears and holds
it up holes are way better
okay I need any bumps no but I need
rocks
I need rocks for that short cut to about
level 100 preferably level 150 oh and
then you start doing the bombs okay cool
that's my strat so I need what I need is
money
I need the
for some crops to grow yeah and
hopefully I'll have enough money to buy
a fuck ton of rocks and then we're
hitting the mines great great then I'm
gonna cook some lucky lunches to build
my luck up nice even easier mm-hmm and
then I need some food to eat for my
health
oh yeah oh and yeah just for anyone in
the chat and for our mods Friday was the
no politic day it might come up now I'm
still gonna try to keep it cool and easy
but it could come up and obviously as
long as people are being civil in the
chat they're free to discuss politics if
they are harassing someone or
name-calling or anything like that then
you can start the banning button
everybody I'm gonna be cool
everybody just for a little bit be cool
and yes I did see hopefully everyone
follows us on Twitter and saw saw the
the mr. president speaking of politics
saw the mr. president level beats oh
yeah the mr. president challenged if you
guys remember rich mostly me I got stuck
on that one level for like two hours and
20 minutes
and we couldn't figure it out and it was
incredibly frustrating and it was a
terrible night for everyone and we
issued a challenge for anyone to come
and try to beat that one mr. president
level and someone datum 800 actually a
really well produced video by the way
yeah it was funny it was short it was to
the point and they beat the level it was
great it was great and it can be beaten
in the wonky estoy and really it's just
kind of exploiting the the glitches in
the game and he found the right path to
do it so check that out I posted it on
our previously recorded Twitter a couple
days ago and someone in the chat feel
free to link to that Oh summer party
summer party yeah I forgot what the best
thing to throw on the roads I'm just
gonna toss in a wine yep
sure I mean really anything with a gold
star usually is the winner
oh thanks Oh bother Oh bother
I just put up the link for us thank you
thank you Oh bother
Gabe for you Oh Gabe for Jack thank you
for that tip that that was that's quite
generous of you
Gabe for Jack says just a little
something for the countless hours of
entertainment and friend simulation how
was Noah Jack the movie fYI I actually
have not seen it yet no what no is one
of those movies that uh
I I wouldn't want anyone else to suffer
through with me because I know it's like
a weird one and I had some time to watch
a movie last week and my wife Lisa was
around so I was like hey let's watch
that x-men apocalypse because she is a
bigger x-men fan than I am I was like I
am pretty sure it's gonna be bad but
can't be any worse than Days of Future
past which we both hated and it was and
so I spent my movie time last week
watching x-men apocalypse which was a
mistake
so this week when I get extra time I
will watch Noah very excited about that
Noah is okay uh I've hey I like Darin
offski aka Darren Aronofsky I like him
in general as a director I think I've
heard he does some strange shit with the
source material and I mean Russell
Crowe's good I've heard it's weird and
I'm really excited to see it because I
heard it's weird what the biblical
literacy upset because of the inaccuracy
no no they are the biblical liberties
they took the biblical literacy work a
with it the everyday Christians were
upset because of the biblical accuracy I
thought I thought some of the young
earth creationists were upset because no
that's not how it happened that's not
how it really happened he he went by the
book and in the book by the way
all right there is some weird shit which
is what what's more most looking forward
to like you know Giants and shit no no
it's fucking nuts I'm really excited I'm
really excited to watch it I still have
it
they're dinosaurs in the movie that's
like there's creatures okay I believe -
or I don't think they're dinosaurs I
believe they're creatures because there
was no mention of dinosaurs in the Bible
gobbledygook says I haven't played a
Final Fantasy game since seven but I
will give 15 a try did you watch the
gameplay no I don't care driving around
in a car open-world huge Dragon's Dogma
monsters with crazy style dust off the
old ps4 says gobbledygook I also have
not seen any gameplay because I'm not
just in general don't care
atomic mousetrap says feels like
everyone's trying to raise my blood
pressure tonight thank god I've got you
guys thank you well thank you atomic
mousetrap for being here and we get some
lovely serene
stardew valley yeah it's just it's
exactly the game it tries to be I
personally think it's a little boring
but it's exactly the game it tries to be
and isn't that wonderful
Jack your diplomacy is amazing
we did see the ghost in the shell'
trailer I I made rich watch it before
the stream because I figured you guys
would ask about it because there's a new
ghost in the shell' trailer a full
trailer hey rich you had some really
insightful thoughts on the ghost in the
shell' trailer could you share them with
everyone it looks like a big-budget
special-effects movie looks like every
other one that gets released that's what
it looks like as but it sure looks like
Wow Wow
I thought it looked really cool I really
liked it I'm you know I've seen ghosts
in the show the anime and and the only
one here who is in general like okay
with anime so I thought it looked really
dope I'm worried what is the trailer for
Jupiter ascending I haven't seen it I
haven't seen did you see Jupiter no okay
but I'm excited about it
I like Scarlett Johansson not I know she
like she's supposed to be a little kind
of emotionless like a little deadpan ish
and but I like her the the scenes they
chose to use of hers in the trailer felt
a little off but I'm sure overall it's
gonna be fine and in Chad I know final
fantasy 15 is not turn-based I'm also
sure there's a metric fuckton of anime
garbage jesus fucking christ whom i
don't believe in save me if you save me
Jebus if you save me I'll believe in you
save me from anime Jesus and I believe I
am
now what I like you know I've been
excited about it in general and the
trailer got makes you know looks neat I
like it too robots
I like that setting I like that that I
like the whole thing a bigot yeah Super
Saiyan Goku that is kind of Scarlett
Johansson's thing like emotionally dead
person robot alien assassin that is kind
of her deal so I'm sure it's gonna work
out fine
but we will see hey rich what would you
play an RPG if it wasn't turn-based
didn't have anime tropes like Final
Fantasy yet was still made by Square
Enix sure okay maybe you I don't know if
they did the storytelling the same like
like is it still is it a game squirt
UNIX would even make if it's not full of
anime garbage is that a possibility yeah
in theory if they made something like a
Bioware like Mass Effect yeah not a
robot 101 what game is that is the
question that I have for you
genius well I think we've heard about
that anime monster that's like you know
the good one that's the good one ila I
like anime in general I want to talk
about anime that's like a general rule
there have been exceptions to that rule
oh of course there's always over the
Ender's so yeah even like the zone of
the enders anime
oh okay yeah great just as a general
rule I don't like anime whatever it is
what their tropes this is something that
does not appeal to me uh like ever it
like everyone likes Cowboy Bebop did you
think I might be but I never did
oh you wouldn't you might I might be Bob
that's the one like everyone likes
cowboy bebop let's see here it's called
secret of evermore and it's a b-movie
video game you are a cool 80s kid that
gets trapped in a computer simulation
where you battle dinosaurs gladiators
Knights and murder BOTS secret of
evermore okay yeah well I'll write that
down
I'll write that down not a robot 101 and
we will add it to the list of games to
play hold on putting it on the list when
you do and you know what to to you don't
know where that fashion sits putting it
on the list that's actually amusing
secret of ever more boom on the list
done great yes rich has a dinosaur it is
upsetting to me that your dinosaur does
not get any bigger I would love for you
to have a full-grown dinosaur in your
farm
maybe there's a mod oh I'm sure there's
a mod I want that to be canon I want
that to be official game dinosaur
rancher yeah yeah they have the recipe
for a head game right there jack
dinosaur rancher
it's just a farming simulator where you
make giant dinosaurs and there's a
dinosaur fighting pit sure sure you can
train them to be like work dinosaurs or
fighting dinosaurs I'm not kidding you
just have a game right there boom boom
I'm not even kidding though your welcome
people of the game makers in them of the
world it's like I was doing dinosaurs
boom it'd be a hip Jack could be a hit
but you're never gonna make it I don't
know how to make games it's never gonna
happen
and it's tragedy it's a small tragedy
apparently there's a game called monster
rancher u ranch giant dinosaurs
I don't know mister shy smile no matter
if the Dishonored 2 is already
downloaded rich rich wants to play this
game right now so we're gonna wait until
rich is done playing stardew valley then
we might play Dishonored 2 it is
downloading Wow I thought this game was
like liked this game is liked and by the
way this I still contend that this is
the perfect game for live streamers
get out of my get out of my get out of
my hot peppers I can't pick them up
because you're in luck it's the part of
my hot peppers it's the perfect game
stream because every once in a while
you're gonna say duck get out of my hot
peppers get out of my peppers I'm not
trying to pick you I'm done petting you
I've petted you he wants to love you
rich the duck loves you my hot peppers
hot peppers though oh that's great
oh we're worries Duke yeah hey Jack
I've heard you've been playing don't
starve lately thoughts on it any chance
you will play it on stream some time
possibly I've been playing don't starve
together with Sarah Chen and it's been
good it's it's very you know feels like
this is a but coming
ah not a but like it's not it's not
blowing my mind you know it is a
survival game you have to find shit to
eat and right now
Sarah Chen and I are working on building
up our fortifications for when winter
comes and we are failing a lot and I've
been cheating you've been cheating I've
been cheating why because I keep dying
and I want to play and so I keep cheats
there's a little code that you can put
into like spawn a gem where you can you
know just get your life back right away
so I've been cheating a little bit I
think the whole game has been
invalidated pretty much but it's it's
alright it's an all right game we've
been having fun we've been having some
fun oh speaking of Sarah Jen you know
what actually thanks for the inspiration
for my next draw I'm gonna draw you guys
anime style for fun and yeah Monster is
a fine I don't have any problem with
anime as an art style I have a problem
with it as far as like storytelling goes
hmm
so that wouldn't bother me worse than
save scumming absolutely it's absolutely
been worse than skate save scumming but
you know like I yeah I wanted to play
the game playing the game a little bit
even though I've been cheating
I accept that I've been cheating accept
it
man from Lawrence as do either of you
make a distinction between films and
shows when it comes to anime studio
ghibli have produce some of the most
beautiful engaging films around though
most anime shows are hideous and just
awful
you know to me that's just a different
storytelling style I think that's that's
one of my problems with anime is there
or anime as a as a series is usually it
takes them so damn long to get to the
point you know Dragonball Z oh god is
the classic example one fight last eight
seasons but obvious to do Ghibli is is
beautiful beautiful movies wonderful
visuals and it's it's all case-by-case
there's no there's no there's no blanket
statement it's all case-by-case you know
I think we talked about this on Friday
is both of us really enjoyed try ghen at
least the first season of Dragon the
beginning of Trigon was a really fun
show as an anime show it ended weird
well it's gonna get a house upgrade
that's 50,000 oh I need and it's out of
rocks
now buy rocks first then buy the house
if you can you know I got enough for two
piles yeah sorry
alright alright Garak
well I got the fish I'm gonna get the
corn I need I just I just need rocks
yeah do to it do it to do yes that was
the old-fashioned way
what's the old-fashioned way mine just
mine for rocks sure do what you do
trying to think of others sure like you
know I even I even liked one punch man
you know that was alright and wasn't the
greatest one punch man was all right
that was a recent anime that I watched
oh boy beats sick burn sick burn what oh
no I'm not even gonna say it that's all
me do you have enough rocks to craft a
better stream well really not fond of
the starter you people huh said it's a
sick prank that's one of them sick burns
renegade renegade Kira says on to a
different topic I've always wondered
what is our LMS policy on review scores
personally that is one aspect about our
ALM I really appreciate since scores
often take away from the conversation I
just do but they're meaningless and
they're there there there's no way to to
contrast like an eighth game over here
and an eighth game over there you know
like an eighth fighting game and an
eighth especially what's go to valley
right exactly when you give it a score
the conversation is no longer about the
things you said about the game but that
go to 93 but the Judah Gardner 96 yes
yep yeah I absolutely agree and and we
when we were when we were just in the
you know talking about previously
recorded phase that was a conversation
we had and we we kind of took that half
of them in the bag model of just would
we recommend it yep and I think that
work that's what works the best is hey
we have a conversation and then would we
recommend it
the way down has appeared no rocks no
rocks so you need the big boulders I've
got all that I've got a lot of rocks in
them oh yeah yeah that's the way to do
it that's the way to do it where do you
go for the big boulders let's find them
they're just random but like I I do
understand where you know there are
things like Rotten Tomatoes and
Metacritic and there are aggregated
sites that that kind of run off of
numbers and if you do go pardon me ugly
per these this is oh there you go this
is hot and so you know numbers are easy
unfortunately numbers are also so simple
that it takes away from the real pros
and cons of a game so if you're looking
for an easy way to aggregate a lot of
people's opinions you need numbers and
if you're looking for a conversation
it's gonna take some time there's no
easy way to aggregate a conversation
several conversations you know Jack pop
what Oh
for the rocks jackpot rocks scores are
stupid only when stupid people tend to
focus on the scores alone and ignore all
the arguments presented about the game
movie being reviewed what if you're
listening to the arguments presented you
really don't need the score that's
that's the thing the score the score is
what detracts from you know it's not the
person reading it I think it's the score
itself that detracts from people paying
attention to the arguments because they
just go eight oh it's an eight must be
good yeah oh this one's an eight point
five it must be better than that last
eight no matter what no matter the genre
this one's a seven it's never gonna be
as good as those eights you know I'm
saying
the funny thing for me is like Steam's
review system is uh is very strange you
know it's just a thumbs up thumbs down
you know recommend don't recommend yeah
and there are some people who you see
have like hundreds of hours into a game
and then give it a don't recommend you
know how the hell could you have put
hundreds of hours into a game and then
some kind of update or something annoyed
them sure it's crazy that's crazy to me
stuff like that people are crazy people
are crazy you're just mad space cop only
has a 69 percent on Rotten Tomatoes oh
is that true yeah I'm actually I'd
actually be surprised if it was that
high that's great Sarge that's fine
it was fun no no I was I was I was there
who was it
Adam from your movie sucks who I follow
on Twitter was asking was asking his
followers to name movies by established
YouTube celebrities that weren't
complete garbage right and because you
know a lot of people who you know maybe
YouTube videos and then made a movie
those movies suck and for me I could
come up with two examples of like really
solid good movies made by people who
used to make youtube videos
one is rollertown by picnic face if you
if you want a good comedy you go see
roller town by picnic face it's great
okay
and the other is mystery team by derek
mystery team mystery team team okay by a
derek comedy and and i don't know if you
know who derek comedy is you might never
know a lot of things did you watch Parks
and Rec okay then you probably don't
the guy who's gonna be lando calrissian
okay is start got his start in derek
comedy and he was a big part of Parks
and Rec and as Lando gonna be in the
Rogue rogue he's not gonna be a rogue
one that's gonna be in the Han Solo
movie oh they already casting that yeah
there's gonna be a young a young Lando
did you see the Martian or just read the
Martian just read it okay he was in the
Martian too so you have no idea who - I
have no idea who Donald Glover is I'm
very sorry it's alright son Danny Glover
oh you're right the community god damn
it that's the second time I've made that
mistake Donald Glover not no relation to
Danny Glover
no relation okay was in community did
you watch community okay god I'm so
sorry everyone I actually watch TV got
Jim
i confuse community and parks and
recreation all the goddamn time right
and I don't know why and I'm really
really sorry everybody are you I am I am
because I'm sorry because I've made that
mistake before and I've apologized
before I don't know this I am actually
sorry appropriately sorry jack my
heartfelt apology to you know like not
only everyone who is watched and enjoy
both shows but for everyone who's worked
on both shows because I've just
disrespected your art by not remembering
the name childish gambino absolutely so
anyway those were my two examples and
someone in the in the Twitter responses
was was saying like what about space cop
I said yeah you know space cop is
alright but so it doesn't even make not
complete utter garbage that's fine
you're allowed to your opinion I don't
care I don't think it's complete utter
garbage but I could I could understand
it if someone did write you know okay
okay where it's like like rollertown I
just think it's genuinely funny and like
if someone didn't think it was funny as
I come on that's a good movie but like
if someone saw space cop and was like
man that movie sucked oh yeah I guess I
could see how you can I could think that
mostly because I think a lot a lot of
the jokes aren't set up properly or have
weird pacing because of the style that
you guys were going for that Mike and
Jay were going for but I got a little
shit for that I got a little shit and
someone someone said they were going to
tattle on me they're gonna tell Mike and
J Omega J don't care what do you think
and more more like at all not just about
space cops they just not care what you
think well I was gonna say more
importantly I've already talked with
Mike and Jay about this like when the
movie was made so tattle all you won
they already know that I don't think
it's the greatest movie ever made
just be getting a huge payday from these
melons shit yeah maybe I'll have rock
buying money right let's see what we got
here game child uk's has just got into
the stream do you recommend stardew
valley I do Jack doesn't we have an
episode on it we did we did a whole
episode on I don't I think it's boring I
think it's exactly the game it it
intends to be and that game is kind of
boring because you it's this it's it's
building yeah I mean this was this is a
patch of dirt with rocks and twigs all
over it when I started the game and
Richard look at this beautiful farm that
riches bill he's got he's got a house
for cows a house he's got he's got a
fucking dinosaur in his goose house not
beautiful yet we're not there we're not
there High Street Co but if you enjoy
this it's you know the the daily the
daily work I I'd still don't recommend
it but rich well I now have a reason to
Green Bay rich I now have a reason to
Green Bay GG Wisconsin you got us anyway
had a stab at dishonored to yet thoughts
on new prey game get even ha good now
yet we all hear her thoughts undecided -
yes you will you certainly will probably
not on prey yeah no I haven't haven't
done any prayer yet I don't know what
that is I don't know what pray is
good game to listen to podcast I was
listening to audiobooks while playing
stardew valley was great those audio no
actually I like wasn't in things while
playing this yeah yeah this game is
about the Zen it's not about the action
fast paced farming action keep those
crops in motherfucker yeah thanks for
that tip from Google Translate yeah
sometimes don't have no noxious Jack I
do not have enough melons dan the store
I have to go to the store to buy melons
gotta buy some melons gotta go to the
club go to the club to get you melons it
was supposed to be hate oh you have a
reason to hate Green Bay oh did they win
or lose today
oh they lost they lost it in I don't
great that was my opinion did their nose
great was my opinion oh I just have no I
cannot I can't I can't even pretend to
care about sports I've tried I've tried
before and it's just no use they're
winning or losing makes no change no
difference in my life
bet you're chicken you go you bet your
chicken you pick up the eggs you put the
eggs in the mayonnaise cheese you you
get your mayonnaise you sell the
mayonnaise that's what you have every
day wait we did a whole episode I don't
need to reiterate for that for the
person who's asking how you know if you
recommend that's that's my that was my
takeaway I'm not forcing you deployed it
what is void mayonnaise that's like a
evil chicken you have an evil chicken
yeah that's crazy
void mayonnaise
so chicken cursed by the witch come on
yeah you don't bat an eye about dinosaur
that makes sense to me the evil chicken
just I didn't get oh you know what I
still I don't think there is a full
version of your love is our love is in
love
somewhere J and I keep talking about
that getting that up somewhere we still
have the files so yes we will we will
see if we can get a full version of our
love is in love the song that I created
for feeding frenzy would you say feeding
frenzy is a good movie
as far as movies that youtubers have
made oh um I think base cap is better
yeah see it's it's hard for me because
like it's hard for me to talk about
space cop because I star in it I can't
stand watching myself on camera right it
makes me cringe just because it's me on
camera and for me I know you guys I
worked on both and I also completely
share not only your sense of humor but
all of your frames of reference and so
it's hard for me to be objective when
when you tell when a joke is made in
space cop I know exactly why that joke
is being made and so it's very funny to
me yeah but I could see someone else
watching space cop and not who's someone
who's like say not into B movies
completely missing a ton of jokes okay
so but uh like feeding frenzies a little
more straight forward if you give if you
give feeding frenzy and space cop to a
random person they might actually might
like feeding frenzy a little bit more I
personally think space cop is a better
movie but yeah the inference is all
right there all right the good movie I
think - fine
I still didn't buy enough nons Wow rich
you're failing six more you're failing
at the melon game god
pork pork and space is a masterpiece and
I'm not saying that because I work for
prereq pork pork is interesting and I
think there's a case to be made for pork
pork and space J involved with pork or
corset just that's James yeah pork pork
his face is all James yeah Oh J it's and
it's J you've never seen pork oh man
it's J weirdness to the maximum it's
crazy it's crazy good well and you know
that and then that's the the real the
other thing is you can't judge like most
movies that youtubers made are also made
on a youtubers budget and so they're
just no they just can't be as good
because budget plays a huge factor in
how much time you have to make it the
talent that you can get to help you make
it yet right yeah Jesus Christ how
important is then it's very difficult
for space goblin to find decent actors
we phone the phone sup oh god I mean
it's not easy
oh that took a long time ember like
casting took a long time so so like it's
not only just judging these movies
because youtubers made them it's also
judging them on their micro budget it's
very different
I'll try a that blue Jess
the next RLI movie should be a J
creation I agree I agree we need to get
weird with it we need to get a little
weird wicked with it
most youtuber movies are also made
without a sense of humor so they are
intensely bad as a result and you know
the few I've only seen a couple movies
made by youtubers you have to embrace
your lack of a budget you do have to
embrace your lack of a budget you can't
pretend you're making a real movie and
then you just come off pathetic agreed
agreed
why for anyone who's not seen it go
watch a roller town and before that or
not even before that after that good
watch picnic faces stuff picnic face is
hilarious they're great and rolling on
it's a grand movie but like like the the
Angry Video Game Nerd movie is a hot
mess of garbage mostly because the
entire movie revolves around him being
the biggest internet celebrity in the
plant on the planet and so it's just
hard to watch because like like the
narcissism involved in writing that
movie was off the charts and then it's a
very bad movie like to boone dog just
like a regular dog I can't pick it up
move it can I let me get up a sink
I need a sink see how many I can make
AVGN wasted his budget filming in LA if
I could I would absolutely believe that
there were way more problems with that
movie than budget them strong words yeah
listen I can I could it's been a while
since I've seen it but I could I could
write a list of things wrong with that
movie
that was that was no fun to watch no I
did I did not like the AVGN movie it
wasn't it was not a good watch a lot a
lot of things wrong with it the movie
was created to the max absolutely his
ash in the quest for the game child
which was a bit of laughs I see I see
mystery team by Derek and and rollertown
by picnic face fine movies made by
youtubers fine fine movies fine movies
hey guys I was wrong
says this time it's lupus Sunday I said
it would be over on Tuesday it's not
David Weber's Safehold series is still
ongoing ongoing I'll never be free of it
I don't know what the Safehold series is
I'm sorry I know it was a joke game
Josie are in no mood for jokes is that
what I'm getting at I by not
acknowledging the joke I was I was kind
of I was going a different way has gone
a different direction you know whatever
game child UK says if I wasn't an rlm
fan I probably wouldn't be a space cop
fan being a big rlm fan gave me more
positive in the enthusiastic perspective
glad I got the blu-ray on the first wave
also Green Bay hate is from election oh
yeah Oh Green Bay go largely Trump's way
was that a lot of Wisconsin did a lot of
Wisconsin did ya know the problem is
Green Bay specifically I think I think
the problem was lack of enthusiasm for
Hillary Clinton that was part of it
that's absolutely part of the problem no
doubt about it yet one hand you had a
horrible candidate that people didn't
like yeah then in the other end you had
a horrible candidate that a lot of
people did like
Touche right that's how this broke down
I know in Wisconsin in general we had a
couple there was a couple other factors
involved which are very upsetting
Wisconsin is one of the states that that
had more heavily had heavier voter
restriction laws in place this time and
there's a number floating around that
approximately 300,000 voters were turned
away from the polls because they either
didn't have the proper ID or didn't meet
the new requirements met and Hillary
lost Wisconsin only by twenty thirty
thousand not saying that all 300,000
would have voted her way but probably
not probably not all but in general
those who are affected by harsher voter
laws are generally poorer the voter was
just bring a driver's license yes some
people are unable to get it that means
all right
some people are unable to get a driver's
license and they haven't been very clear
that that was the law and so some people
might have gone thinking that they could
just vote on that day only couldn't
argue with you that hasn't been clear
it's been talked about a lot a lot I
knew you or state ID any any idea is
valid yeah you know any any
government-issued ID it would be valid
but in general those laws usually
affects poor people or people of color
disproportionately so and those people
normally vote Democrats so it's a safe
assumption that at least most of them
would have voted but like I said there
there were there were more problems in
that Hillary's unelect ability was right
up there as part of the process your
primary problem there's a big there's a
big pool of problems right
big pool of them whole big moon pool of
them let's see here TC Brady 133 says
what are some healthy meals to eat other
than chicken and rice what do you eat
ordered a Foreman grill today and was
wondering what I can make on it since
I'm a terrible cook have a great week
you know chicken and rice is kind of
great you know for me it's it's a gasps
cheese sandwich it's no Ohana Foreman
grill again that's not necessarily
healthy for you healthy healthy way ask
me you just asking Jack that makes sense
we just ask Jack that makes sense if
you're asking me got that stupid
that's a stupid for me dinner is usually
chicken small red beans and broccoli
that is a nice healthy dinner breakfast
is two eggs spinach and black beans and
lunch is usually like a protein shake
and a scoop of peanut butter so that's
usually that's usually what I eat and
then I get some grapefruit juice and
coffee and throughout the day but if you
have a Foreman grill go nuts man I like
the the veggie burger regular hamburger
combo like you make a regular hamburger
patty and then you make a veggie burger
patty and you eat them you know stacked
on each other the veggie burger has nice
taste and they nice a nice taste with
the meat then get some veggies too which
is very nice ha ha all that protein and
you so small bro yep yes ha ha ha ha so
small
that's kind of its that's the idea I'm
trying I'm trying to be skinny
I am trying very hard to be skinny as I
used to be much bigger and now I'm not
as big as I was which I like but I know
protein is important in general and I've
been trying to work out a little bit so
getting a protein shake
midday has been nice what's my look like
today
neutral want to go on a lucky day
I don't walk II do yeah yeah yeah Jack
has no games no oh no I don't I don't
think I have enough calories in my diet
for gains if I ever really wanted to
gain I'd have to completely rework my
diet and that would be tough I'm not
looking for games do you feel a
difference in energy throughout the day
eating so healthy I don't know I've been
doing it for a while now so it's kind of
hard to tell I've been I've been a
little sick recently I'm over it now but
at the beginning of the month I was
really sick so I cut out drinking and I
haven't I haven't had a drink in like
two weeks just because I was hoping to
like purge my body of the sickness and
if y'all definite a definite difference
not drinking I don't know if that's the
thing that you can purge your body of
sickness by not drinking well alcohol is
poison what does that have to do with
germs not necesary germs just healing
like I wasn't getting oh I had I had a
huge snap problem and I wasn't healing
correctly so I figured if I stopped
putting poison into my body for a little
bit it would just help my body repair
itself I think it has but I've been
feeling I you know mornings are a lot
easier time you stand up oh you're right
yes fine it's understandable it's fine
enzymes in it it's fine
stand up stand up stand up one room
but Oh water sirens I'm right in your
way so no you are I got right in your
way there
all right alcohol dehydrates water
flushes this is so I didn't in case I've
been feeling a lot better recently and I
think I'm gonna try to go all month well
I think I'm gonna try to go to my
birthday I have a birthday in early
December and so I'm gonna try to go I'm
gonna try to make it all the way to my
birthday without a drink just to see if
I can I probably can birthday in
December did you get did you get screwed
with Christmas / birthday gifts all the
time all the time
jerks all the time is because mine is
before Christmas and so then like a lot
of times it'd be you know like and and
my parents would go out of the way to be
like well you know Christmas is right
around the corner so you're gonna get
more presents and I'm like come come on
what's worse is my brother my brother my
brother's birthday is a couple days
after Christmas yeah yeah
in between Christmas and New Year's
everyone's present stout he got he got
we know when your parents like to have
sex
oh yeah so so yeah we for our birthdays
were usually minor but that's all right
that's all right I'm an amateur aspiring
alcoholic I would love to cut booze out
to get super fit that's actually what
got me started for my 30th birthday for
my 30th birthday I went an entire year
with no drinking no alcohol whatsoever
for an entire year just to see if I
could you know yeah right raised Irish
Catholic I've been drinking all right
for me long time it's possible oh no
it's hugely possible and you know but
but it's just one of those things we're
like I was I just always drank you know
I think like from the time I was like 14
15 I was just always drank and so I went
the whole year and and actually I didn't
change anything else in my diet and I
lost 10 pounds just from not drinking
for a year
and I replaced drinking with like eating
ice cream at night so I was like it was
actually worse but just the lack of
booze made me lose ten pounds and then
at that at that point I was 230 pounds
and so I was like hey you know if I
could lose 10 pounds by that maybe I
could just start losing weight and so I
spent the next year my 31st year
aggressively trying to lose weight and
eventually lost 60 pounds so to be the
super sexy skeleton in front of you
right now yes beer has a lot of calories
so just cutting up beer really else so I
know I can take him on thof cuz I've
already taken a year off once I think
it's good for you how tall is Jack Jack
is six
- I'm six - and as of this morning I am
a hundred and eighty-five pounds because
I weigh myself every day so I got I was
230 I got all the way down to 170 and
now for the past couple years I've been
kind of teetering between 180 and 190
which is fine I've been I've been
comfortable there
you know gained 10 pounds after after my
lowest and so teetering between 180 and
190 never got never got over 200 again
which I'm really happy about yet yet it
could always have always be unwatched it
could always happen absolute your life
from here at out oh no no and I know via
shoulder that Kevin for you that Kevin
for you jack you know cookies and
doughnuts are always fucking coming for
me absolutely absolutely I mean any of
this crap
you said crap is selling crap nice job
desperate pumpkin yeah now you know and
like according to the like the the body
mass index chart I'm right
in the middle of average my weight right
now I'd like to concentrate on gaining
muscle but I don't know it's not that's
not huge for me let you know I'd sit in
front of a computer all day like have me
having muscle is not an important thing
in my life
Peter Meister says I set a goal to lose
50 pounds only 60 more to go I should
have said 61 more to go only 61 making
the promise no he gained 10 I said I
said a goal to lose 50 only 60 more to
go yeah oh he did he did it and I missed
him yes my ears my ears right
because your ears let's see here
anonymous says the next red letter media
movie needs to be the start of a series
of Jack and rich adventures going to
slightly altered universes just turn it
into a Rick and Morty sketch sketch
Tiberius Kirk says slow to turn narrowly
avoiding rocks its fearful passengers
chose a new captain I don't like her
showing off pilot training and
experience now a dangerous fool Helms
the ship aiming at rocks what thank you
for the timely poem Tiberius Kirk just
Alec 64 says Star Trek question of the
day if you could have one character not
data or Spock travel with you through
the post apocalypse who would it be
bear in mind that you're you and you'll
need to fight barter build etc right
you're you what Star Trek character
not data or Spock I'm thinking okay this
next time no no no that's right cue cue
dad can you subdue all this shit let's
go so much fun let's play sucks okay you
know like a luxury planet I'm gonna I'm
gonna refine the question because I
think that that wasn't in the spirit of
it it needs to be a an enterprise crew
member he was briefly an enterprise crew
shut up shut up
he needs to be a main player Gary shows
up in a fucking Starfleet uniform yeah
you need to choose a main player I'll
tell you who I'm not choosing who Tasha
fucking yard oh god I mean she died in
the desert from a sludge monster fuck
Tasha Yar absolutely Q no we need a main
cast member here I've two options I also
have two options go Kirk really very
well-rounded he's a smart man mm-hmm
he's not dumb Kirk is not dumb that
would be he would be a fool to think
that yeah he would help you survive even
know how to live off the land he would
know these things okay and not a bad man
to have your back in a fight yeah he can
hold his own and fight and sure he could
take care of himself
Kirk can take care of himself all right
I'm with you second option McCoy McCoy
was one of my options yeah doc you need
a doctor you can barter with a doctor
doctor will get you far a doctor will
get you very very far that was
absolutely bones was one of my options
my second option then if I go Wharf
no he's too gung-ho you get you killed
he's traveling with you so you have to
assume you have some sort of rapport you
like because that's the other barter is
my Klingon will kill you does Worf know
how to survive in the well he knows how
to beat shit up he knows how to beat
some could he build a hut fucking I can
build hold on I can build a hut he just
needs to kill the animal that we eat he
needs to he needs to take his bat'leth
and
kill the animal right I'm saying I'm
saying Kirk Erma quite okay and I'm
saying McCoy or Worf
Kirk is not a bad thought though Worf
can live like a goddamn king in the wild
I think that's generally a Klingon thing
we're talking about the post-apocalypse
the wild is full of radiation and death
yeah you know he's a Klingon maybe they
survived Worf could totally build a hut
and yeah maybe maybe I can build a hut I
know how to do that shit I've been
camping Jack father of the house wants
someone to bring him food how surprising
I want someone who knows how to take
down an elk what you think Kirk couldn't
take down an elk I'm saying Worf can
take down an elk with his bare fucking
hands what gets us kicked ass ass kicked
at a daily basis he's not he's supposed
to be the strong one obviously it
doesn't know you can't have data and you
can't have Spock that's the rules
the rules of this of this game choose it
choose the companion you can't have
daters Bach I take data over Spock oh
absolutely yeah absolutely no he did he
requires no food he's super smart super
strong what does he require for energy
though I don't realize it's like
internal infinite he's gonna he's got a
perpetual motion device at his chest I
think that might be it maybe its nuclear
I got it he's got an eight energy from
something does anyone know the answer to
this what data needs for energy I don't
know if it in in no episode can I
remember him needing like to recharge
daily
um what do we need what Andy Brock's I
need rocks ahora hundred percent haha
you're just gonna be taking a woman
she's not canon but you take the
psychiatrist from Star Trek continues
that redhead I don't think I so so
drones in you do then the fan Trek yeah
yeah data's got an internal generator he
they saying he has an internal generator
whatever that means that makes energy
from nothing apparently I don't know
that's a big deal that's a very big deal
how do you not know the answer to this
I've never I honest I never thought
about it before
right yeah you know who else I don't
think thought about it the writers of
snow they didn't write who Troy can read
minds that's true but she's my and she
can detect emotion to think about any
and Troy's that's why doesn't if she
gets raped and kidnapped
no she's flighty you don't want that his
flight ain't she's wishy-washy she's no
good to fight yep cold fire with Troy
you don't want Troy she'll freak out at
the first monster or something you know
she's gonna be useless
it's a technobabble generator it runs on
a whatever the hell you want text Mike
wood Mike no I don't think Mike would
know oh wow I'll text Mike
come on all caps important question
exclamation point exclamation point
what powers data yeah
mic my nose what powers data on Star
Trek boom alright Mike might know we'll
see if Mike knows yeah Mike is gonna
respond with who is this who is this
what do you want what what who did new
phone who dis I just texted him a little
bit ago about some bidness so he knows
who it is are the Packers playing right
now that they already played today ok
cuz if the Packers are playing he won't
get back to it if they already played he
might be sober enough to answer those
questions hold control I'm holding
control what happens if you hold control
nothing well hold control and hold down
the mouse maybe nope nope are you sure
it's control it's a mouse nope that
doesn't work
I'm holding shift
it doesn't work
I'll try it with a new stack
alt f4 please
my mic said well he has a positronic
brain but like power source I'm like and
I said yea power source does he plug-in
that night or some sort of generator
he's typing hold on did you guys need to
show ID when you voted yeah
yeah that's that's our loan oh there was
a guy flipping out in our voter in our
in our polling place when when Lisa and
I went to vote yeah who's got absolutely
flipping out because he was registered
to vote there no I don't want to solve
those I wanted to get all rich what are
you doing that's a lot that's a big loss
you know what we started this day yeah
yeah I wanted to add to that stack no
I'm sorry there was a guy that was
flipping out at our polling place
because he was registered to vote there
yeah
and the polling people said well do you
live here and he goes no I own a
property here but I don't live there and
they're like but the property's in your
name and he's like yeah and they're like
ok you guys but I don't live there I
just own a property and somehow I'm
registered to vote here and they go well
did you register to vote he goes yeah I
did
what address to using he goes I use my
other dress not this address and he's
like and so they're just you know but
the polling people there they're like
volunteers oh I don't know how this
happened it could just be a mix-up if
you want to vote here vote here if you
want to go to your polling place go to
your polling place do you know he's like
but what if someone else tries to vote
as me and they're like you need to show
ID sir
what if they have a fake ID and then
like I don't know man he was absolutely
flipping out and he's like can you
remove me from your list
I'll be worried about shenanigans
shenanigans are one of those things that
rarely ever happens
simple paperwork mix-up okay here here's
the the straight dope from Mike don't
recall them ever mentioning it yeah but
maybe just Power Cells don't recall him
ever having to charge never it's never
come up
they have never addressed they have
never addressed how data gets power so
we have to assume that he has a
perpetual power machine inside yes so
did I if you could choose any one the
obvious choice is data I bet I hope
that's a joke the Zayas data does not
use solar power as he's in space most of
the time what's settled and settled
right the fuck down ship it wouldn't be
enough to power a fucking data ID down
but it wouldn't be enough though it's
not the worst suggestion if it will be
enough to power one of those little like
dancing sunflowers of things it's like
fluorescent light just say a solar cell
would still work on the enterprise it's
a fucking extremely well lit ship they
are they are so fucking far away from
any good source of light
you mean the light that's overhead all
the time that won't that doesn't create
enough energy you need you need solar
for that kind of energy you need to be
next to a Sun yeah I guess they could
park their ship next to a Sun every
couple of days but that then that would
that would be an episode we have to park
next to the Sun or else data will run
out of energy but there's solar flares
eminent that could be an episode
okay let's see here Madon Madon lot up
says December babies rule December 30th
for me yep you then you get it you get
the pain the Christmas New Year's pain
rule we rule on December babies real
everyone kind of pitiful because of all
the hardships you've endured the
hardened it's not exactly rule that's
what made us strong it's what's made us
strong rich yes pity or extremely pity
not most people most people feel very
sorry for us yes this is a question for
Jack or rich says dumb Texan winters
fart okay fart all right best
interaction we're sorry uh where do you
see yourself and rlm in the next 10
years I'm broken homeless probably broke
and probably broke I might still have my
house but yeah most likely broke
desperate dire straits finally reduced
to editing pornography and you know just
something but leisure no that's an
option I have a skill I have a skill I
can fall back on and that's very nice
pornography editing alright let's see
here a unit 603 idiot says next RL a
movie should be the prereq movie where
we find out how Jack saved rich from the
game station I love it I love it
most poorly viewed movie of all time
only one viewer in fact neither rich or
Jack saw it only one viewer breaking new
records and unpopularity let's see here
then play Zack McCracken and the alien
mind bound benders lol for
Kate my gentleman's sausage uh Sara Chen
says I'm gonna be that asshole
and say I'm very grateful I always got a
separate Christmas and birthday present
laughs then cries mostly laughs
mostly laughs no it's fine it's fine it
wasn't a hardship it was just one of
those yeah and you know I was I'm a
middle child too and so it's just one of
those things right that's fine nobody
can you're done this so many times no
Kim yep we've already done this and
you're not the youngest so fuck off
back to buying those rocks goodbye it
got buy some more rocks rich I'm all the
rocks data says the following an
insurrection to explain his power source
my power cells continually recharge
themselves that's a bullshit line and it
came from insurrection it's doesn't
count doesn't count my power cells
charge themselves that makes enough
sense or data is a horrible monster yes
hoarding literally free energy a
scientific breakthrough beyond the Stars
all to himself so he can live yep yes
data or dr. who was the guy who created
David data dr. Noonien Soong dr. Soong
created energy from nothing and
selfishly put it in his robot boys
instead of giving it to the world for
free energy doctor doctor often wrong
soon
isn't the warp core self perpetual
energy source no they need to look him
boom in the original concept stuff data
was supposed to lie in a bed with a
thermal and wires and it would like
wirelessly recharge him I'm like yeah
like I could see that like it just it's
just not explained and it needs to be
explained oh no didn't need to be
explained because show's been on since
1987 and I never even thought of it
before they were perfectly fine not to
explain it sure yeah data is using the
dark universe to live forever I get a
tree rock creations I get it data does
eat or drink sometimes he has
specifically said that he does not he
does not eat to power his cells he only
eats as a politeness to those around him
that I remember specifically from the
show he has said like eating doesn't do
anything to him but he does it as a
politeness as a yeah a way to fit in
with the humans Anonymous Jack my
birthday is two days before Christmas
but I was lucky my grandfather's
birthday is two days after Christmas and
he always stood up for me as a kid and
didn't let me suffer as he did well
there you go congratulations
congratulations oh my god the clicking
yeah there's no way to do that fast
I'm sure there's go away I don't think
they really thought about people doing
crazy shit like this sure sure are we
still talking about data a little bit
let's see if my kids know mike has no
more thoughts
I think Mike has also just never thought
about this which is surprising for to
Star Trek nerds for to Trekkies such as
yourselves the clicking yes we are here
with the clicking well he needs to if he
eats something it needs to come out of
his body somehow I'm assuming the
excrement from everybody just gets
energized like a transporter beam and
stored to be recycled as food that would
be my assumption energy gets stored
well the poop will get converted energy
just like same as a transporter really
yeah only instead of being reassembled
it just gets put some kind of storage
well 3 2 3 dimensionally the Replicators
turning into ice cream delicious
delicious ice cream yeah they were they
rearranged the energy that was your poop
yeah I believe that I can't imagine them
just like doing like like poop dick
dumps in space because that could create
like unstable meteorites or ya know yeah
poop dump in space now which doesn't
know really rich doesn't rich doesn't
like that hey rich what you wanna know
some about Shaquille O'Neal he's very
tall if Shaquille O'Neal one is very
tall you knew that already would you
light would you like to know something
new about Shaquille has he responded to
the juicy Shaq mate
no he's not you don't care what's what's
new about Shaquille Shaquille O'Neal is
part of a group of investors who has
started investing in eSports teams oh
wow Oh Shaq owns several eSports teams
and his eSport team just won the rocket
League World Championship this Shaq nice
for Shaq Shaq bought an eSports team and
they just won the rocket League World
Championship and I thought that was of
an interesting note very happy for Shaq
yeah I know
I would believe that the 76ers bought a
dota team it's it's very popular
nowadays they didn't win much I want to
say like they won like $10,000 oh yeah
but he's an investor in a lot of things
like he owns restaurants he owns a bunch
of shit and now Shaq owns eSports teams
and I thought that was neat that his
team won fucking cows let's milk all
those rocks
I want that juicy rocket League
absolutely Scuba Steve 1795 says jazz
and rock jazz and Rukh I binge-watched
the gosh-darn heck out of RL m and
prereq and just wanted to thank you guys
for being so dang cool and funny lol
engage in coitus with my phallic member
alright cool huh we're tense it's a
first time for everything we're totally
cool like all the time rich like totes
dude WTF is an eSports team there there
are people who play video games
professionally competitively and so you
will have an eSports team like the
things things like dota like rocket
League like overwatch like csgo and they
have big tournaments where people get
together and you know play a competitive
game much like a sports match and so
much like a sports ball team you will
have an eSports team and they need
funding - you know - so the team can
travel maybe some uniforms if it's a
televised event and they win prizes like
other sports ball teams their
professional nerds I'm missing out on
because I spent all my money oh yeah
we're good nothing but they're
professional competitive nerds that the
that's the the difference it has to be a
competitive game
my ax sports ball team yep Shaq's team
uh NRG also the most popular smash 4 and
overwatch players they go oh yes super
smash is a as big as big an eSports Shaq
does not play on any of these teams no
he just he just owns the team got
interesting if he did what did maybe
great I wonder that life is an eSports
player right I wonder if like if you
like met with the team might that be
cool probably right probably a
recruiting gimmick John you know join
the shack team you gonna be check please
check you like Shaq right
everybody likes sure you get to hang out
with shit you how little lunch was Shaq
they'd be great
Shaq owns or he's an owner he's not the
sole owner but he is one of the owners
of NRG yes how much money is there an
esports for crying out loud i don't
think there's much right now i think
it's one of those like growth market
things where it's you know like I said
the I think I read that the rocket
league world champions won $10,000 yeah
but I'm sure their sponsorship deals I'm
sure I'm sure there's money to be made
and it's one of those just potential
things as streaming and eSports becomes
more popular tomorrow it was a lucky day
in the game we're gonna we're gonna run
down the mines I thank you nice nice
it's time everyone time for mines it's
mine time time to mind your own business
nice and yeah people are saying that in
dota and csgo
like prize money's like in the millions
yeah so it's a thing csgo DotA's
International is a 20 million pot prize
pot
20 million if you are a good donor plan
that's great that's great
well they plan teams from that
individual so good chuckle change oh god
yeah yeah but what is that like a
four-man team I don't know I also don't
know but that's bonkers and yeah that is
bonkers but that I mean no more bonkers
than any sport ever as far as I'm
concerned okay
okay for Jack lay off the booze I again
appreciate the very generous tip gahafer
jack says I'm drunk and you gave us a
very generous tip drinking Jack keep
keep that drinking up you don't great
okay for Jack I appreciate it
but don't let your health suffer because
because of tipping and drinking but I do
appreciate it five man team Thank You
Milo three three two so DotA's 5:00 a.m.
like alternate to okay somebody's oh
you're still looking at getting a few
million yeah I'm fine with that
it's not know it the the ship is not the
tip was not 998 dollars it was still a
very generous tip what if he accumulates
to 998 dollars just one single person in
one night that's it oh yeah okay I'll do
cumulative from one person one night I'm
in a generous mood cuz I'm in a generous
mood well there you go but I mean if you
were gonna do it in one night anyway you
wouldn't even just do it the whole yeah
yeah unless you're drunk and you just
don't know you're doing it it's an
absolutely remember gay for Jack alcohol
poisoning is fun that's usually like
usually if there if there's something
I'm on the fence about buying and like
Lisa really wants me to buy it and I'm
like kind of on the fence about us
buying it like like you know a board
game that we were thinking about
but it's like oh you know it's like a
$50 board game we didn't we have someone
to board games
she will usually and wisely wait until
I'm drunk yeah and then should I hey do
you think we should get that board game
and I will just buy it instantly because
all in all inhibitions are yeah it's a
great idea we should buy our sixth
expansion for Marvel legendary yeah will
you read 499 $2.00 tip what did I miss
it tip
gobbledygook say don't I don't think I
missed a tip not that I see at least
tired and sad with 499 two dollar tips
Oh 499 two dollars Emily I have trouble
just keeping track of that that'd be the
problem but you know if it happens it
happens I just didn't understand I mean
I'm you know partially illiterate I just
didn't quite understand what was
happening though it sounded like we
missed the tip which happens sometimes
and so I obviously don't want to explain
to everybody what's happening see that
one I want to read the things you guys
say and now you're everyone's everyone's
making fun of my reading abilities what
you know is just a problem we got an
ancient sword artifacts are nice nice hi
Carl Edwin Edwards sagen hello hello
Edward sagen Carl Edwards sagen Carl
Edward Seaga
was his middle name Edward
Carl Sagan Carl Sagan I don't know what
Carl Sagan's mail name is the the tip
donation jyggalag for rich is for him to
play Final Fantasy Tactics we will get a
copy of Final Fantasy Tactics and ritual
if we get a one day final fantasy it is
they want me to play whoever gives that
tip oh yeah - for our streams of any
Final Fantasy game that they want me to
play yeah Wow rich is just up to the
game you could make him play a really
bad one and he has promised really good
he has promised to for our streams to
for our streams it's a bargain find the
most boringest one I can't I thought it
was just tactics but rich is saying
Annie if the Final Fantasy game of the
of your virtuous Wow holy cats and dogs
tired and says hey guys have either of
you watched the west-world series on HBO
it's fucking awesome brilliantly acted
well-written and nicely filmed I've seen
the the opening the the first episode
and really really enjoyed it I'm looking
forward to watching more of it have you
seen any of it yet of which the
west-world
yeah okay I hear it keeps getting better
and better and I'm looking forward to
watching more of it but that first
episode was something else it was great
really neat I like I like binge watching
things like I'm not even watching vs.
Evil Dead Sea's do I started doing like
no I'm gonna hold off and I'm gonna
binge this whole fucking thing oh yes
yeah binging is is better I do I
question the validity of cowboys you
probably you probably couldn't take me
playing Final Fantasy seven Chad my
sister was into that I watched her play
it I'm like god this looks so fucking
boring alright sorry
questworld go back into a jack oh yeah
make them play x-2 Final Fantasy x-2 is
the one where you play as three girls
and you switch your powers by changing
outfits
it's it's adorable it's adorable
in general West world you know I mean
you know the the premise of West's
worldwide you know the theme park full
of cowboy robots and and people pay
money to live out their cowboy fantasies
right and which obviously in the HBO
series includes you know a lot of rape
and shoe
murder and violence I do question the
cowboy theme like I know that's what the
original movie was was the cowboy theme
just Cowboys aren't that big of a deal
anymore okay okay so and I'm sure that
conversation was had in pre-production
do we stick with the cowboy theme do we
go with the sci-fi theme to go with a
different theme sci-fi would be weird if
she already got sci-fi of robots in a
size 510 setting right that's too far
you can't do that sure do you think it
has to be Cowboys no but then don't call
it West world you're getting different
rough at that point then it wouldn't be
worth it yeah sure and if you so if you
want the name recognition of West world
than okay or you just making unique
thing or you can I don't know if they're
doing something like a lot different
with it it sounds like they are I think
so I believe you know they don't need
that well you need you need that to get
people to watch in the first place
namely name recognition is incredibly
powerful I don't know if you needed that
for HBO just because HBO generally
produces really good strength but in
general yes The Sopranos wasn't a
Godfather reboot ooh
Touche excellent counterpoint Jack let
me put it this way
would you prefer zombies no you're right
like I I think I think I get it where
it's like the idea is you know these
people the customers paying to
experience West worlds are usually into
some pretty sick shit and so you don't
want anything too current because that
you know you want them to be detached
from reality because you know like even
in the first episode there's a ton of
rape and murder and weird shit happening
with with the the patrons of the park so
I get it
whoo they should have done pirates and
called it Waterworld that would have
been more expensive to make yeah a lot
of a lot of lot of water a lot of water
pirate ships how do you control the
water big shit yeah that'd be way more
difficult but I but by the way I agree
like pirate themed fantasy escapism down
down if it follows the movie Canon at
all there are probably other parks with
other themes oh maybe maybe that'll be
like second season season the three
season series of Todd McFarlane's spawn
great acting oh did he make an animated
spawn for HBO no okay why pirates
because if you're going to rape and
murder people usually pirates or
pillaging raping murder yeah either that
or Vikings right maybe it maybe there
could be a Viking world that'd be fun
they give you like a big club and it
feels really light to you but it does it
you know like they programmed it to do a
bunch of damage make it feel a bit like
a big strong Viking I'd want to do it
I'd want to be in a Viking roam around
all over the place you need a town an
Old West town that's like ascetic that's
a place you can be you better like a
mountain village a Viking mountain
village descend from the mountain
Vikings are famously what they do part
of the Viking thing pillaging they
ransacked like other places and they
ransack yeah I guess and there being a
lot of water too they were sailors -
yeah yeah yeah practice you're right
like logistically Cowboys making them
all sense
what do the robot buckaroos run on
what's their power source I don't I
actually don't know I'm sure the show
explains it I've only seen the first
episode MC panda 69 says sorry in
advance but my mum's boyfriend is the
biggest pile of shit ever to exist and I
wish he would eat a dick alright I'm
sorry about man yeah really sorry about
that
mutual walk I thought you were having
good luck today
someone whatever the forecast is no I
thought you already forget it in know
well you listen figure around the day I
said if oh oh if I think I heard the
next day is lucky got a job waiting for
a lucky day there power sources rape
you're right the robots actually I have
am have a friction generator in all of
their cavities so they're actually
powered everyday through the rape that's
my that's a friction generator that's
totally a thing okay
well totally anyway future future famous
person rich the way your beard style
perfectly suits your face inspired me to
try a style that suited me instead of
just clipping it all to one length I've
gotten compliments so thank you for the
inspiration thank you thank you it's a
nice beard it's a very nice yeah you
know what I'm overdue for a bit of trim
though yeah yes both sexes of robots
need to be raped daily it's a it's
actually a whole separate crew in the
west-world team of crack that you will
lift crack perpetual emotion
the the male robot just raped the female
robots they both get charged oh my god
rich didn't rich did it
Daisy the the hardest part is being the
rape overseer hi turn around right hi
turn around right I can't can't stomach
that job for too long except for Barry
he did it for a while but you know we
thought he was a little off you know
Barry what glass says fuck final fantasy
use this money to play whatever the fuck
you want keep doing what you do always
fun to watch you guys thanks for the
hours of entertainment Thank You Ike
Allah so few people say that I don't
want for play whatever you feel like you
must like the things that I like you
must know mosque and correct and correct
hmm we obey the laws of thermodynamics
listen I'm sure I'm sure with Richie
with the rich Evans patented rape a
perpetual motion machine there would be
some sort of entropy like there's
obviously but it's minimal energy loss
because of the enclosed environments and
we're talking minimal energy loss
entropy always exists obviously
obviously uh what does not compute
close the doors that's how data is
powered genius rape friction probably
also explain I don't get them oh no gay
okay for Jack you're getting there
gahafer jack says i'm drunk fuck money
Dave we are we morally required to like
give a refund
gahafer Jack don't get too drunk because
then we yes we might
no we are not morally required to give a
refund in fact very recently someone
gave a very large tip to a streamer and
then tried to that was a prank gone
wrong right well it was the the prank
was they were gonna give them a large
amount of money and then try to take it
away in PayPal now the sale is just a
dick move this is somebody drunk doing
something stupid I'm talking morally are
we only morally yes are we are we
obligated you know we'll cross that
bridge when we get to it okay we're
gonna go we're gonna get a very frantic
email tomorrow yep very possible that is
very very possible and you know tomorrow
not early morning late morning because
apparently gay for Jack has had a few
too many but we really do appreciate it
let him tip let them eat cake we you
know we don't we don't have a lot of
morals but the ones we have you know we
get all the ones you need to have we got
out we got all the good morals all the
good ones
none of the leftover bullshit like
incest and it's fine no I don't know why
you didn't know you I'm not I'm not even
getting close to going on the record not
even as a joke am I going on the record
about that Jack I don't know if you saw
my response but from what I can tell the
pandemic board game series from the web
games are unrelated
Chandler actually someone knows someone
emailed me that apparently pandemic was
a board game first and then turned into
the web app that everyone knows and then
they tried to make a legacy board game
that person actually had a much better
way of describing my problem which is
the problem with the Alpha player
because it's a cooperative game and it
you know a game where everyone is
encouraged to kind of strategize
together
a lot of those games suffer from what is
called the problem of the Alpha player
the player who knows what's best and
kind of takes control of everyone okay
and that's what that's the problem we
ran into with our playthrough of
pandemic is one of our friends is very
very smart and also is able to think
twenty moves ahead
so just he had the best moves for
everyone playing laid out and we would
talk about it and so we were just after
a couple minutes we were just doing what
he told us to do and it wasn't a fun
gameplay experience pandemic but
apparently this is a known problem for
for these kind of cooperative games the
Alpha player problem
how is that true that the GAVI the guy
who the guy who was like pranking
donated donated up to like $100,000 to
different streamers on his parents car
yep and then was obligated to play to
pay that's that's for real man your
purse you have to take him to court
right I mean take the kid hey why do you
what do you do you just lose your money
I don't know I don't know I'm sure I'm
sure like they worked something out
where they were able to pay like a
little bit who knows I don't know how
that ended up that tried it not
something I can donate oh that's
actually a weapon that's a weapon
interesting huh a level 11 dagger hold
on to it for now this is interesting
anonymous is hi rich
hello serious question are you sure not
trying to antagonize okay I've been in
the mood for some hard sci-fi preferably
in a game our are the first two Mass
Effect games still worth playing if I
knowingly stopped the first one had to
the first one is worth playing there's
not really a cliffhanger ending in the
first one okay not so much the second
one there is a clear we have to be
prepared but there's no the immediate
threat has definitely taken care of okay
okay choose slightly more of a
cliffhanger so kind of depends on how
comfortable you are leaving off on a
cliffhanger yeah okay
to also starts to get softer with the
science what is very much about hard
science other than the the magical dark
matter that powers things okay other
that they're very concerned about hard
science which is refreshing so you can
you can take away your hate from three
enough to say like play one is still
good if you into a hard sci-fi yeah okay
yeah I mean I can't play it because I
know about three and it feels like a
funeral march my opinion the series no
okay no series question didn't
antagonize gotta I think the correct
answer that sounds correct
who has the most amazing ending of any
game ever that is a climax and a fucking
half the final mission of to know so if
and so if if anonymous can deal with
that cliffhanger and not going a little
bit of a cliffhanger there's some
unresolved issues okay you play through
- yeah all right that's great but the
climax of that game oh wow wow okay
the whole suicide mission is the best
it's the past ah well there you go there
you go anonymous
ooh I have not gotten the blu-ray of
John Carpenter's The Thing from Shou
Factory I'm sure J has it but apparently
a ton of extra features oh great
I will look into that I really want to
rewatch the thing I could see that in
some blu-ray game child UK says Bucky's
arm anyway rich if gifted a copy of dead
rising 4 would you play it maybe I'm not
excited about it right no timer what's
the point
mm-hmm we might need to give it a stream
maybe maybe him that's that's a solid
maybe you got there also any of you two
get a chance to play battlefield one no
no I would say I have no interest and
from what I keep seeing and reading
about it it looks interesting it still
looks a little glitchy and it suffers
from very similar old battlefield
problems which is unbalanced multiplayer
which is of course why I would be into
in the first place but so no my interest
level has not been high enough for me to
give you a chance but I don't know why
I'm probably not probably not I don't
know have you to also refused to watch a
show or play game because too many
people told you to refuse to just
because they told me to or the telling
you to just gets annoying after a while
if I haven't done something it's cuz I
just wasn't interested right agreed
in battlefield everything is so
imbalanced it all kind of works itself
out like all these people telling me to
play Final Fantasy yeah I really
honestly legitimately wasn't interested
in Final Fantasy before yeah since you
guys loved Dark Souls well we loved
blood-borne would you consider trying
the upcoming berserk game which was
inspired from the series yes III like
the control scheme of both the souls and
board game we fell in love with the
blood-borne game and I think the souls
games are alright
but if berserk is inspired by that kind
of combat yeah I'd love that
I enjoyed that kind of comment but
you're probably getting away oh yeah
that was it that was a mighty fish a
mighty fish Oh a mighty wind is blowing
right tomorrow is not a day with a good
luck we'll just quit and then you can
dishonor it sure if you want yeah I mean
anything you want anything you want
assuming assuming it's downloaded and
installed yeah I thought I saw it was
two hours two minutes alright hey
everybody let's take a let's take a
little stand-up break we've been on for
a couple hours now let's take a stand-up
break the upcoming berserk game is
absolutely nothing like souls or
blood-borne great see this is why we
have we have trust issues with you chat
I want to let you know that we got we
got one person saying hey it's inspired
by Dark Souls you if you like Dark Souls
you like this and then like two people
down is nothing like Dark Souls or
blood-borne we have trust issues let's
stand up let's stand up with four others
just stand up for trust issues
I think I'm fine I think I'm fine right
here I'm gonna keep fishing Jack you can
stand the fuck out of them out of that
floor
it's a dynasty Warriors game oh I hate
dynasty Warriors it's gonna suck
listen dynasty Warriors is like is like
hitting yourself on the directly in the
brain
dynasty Warriors is like McDonald's
hamburgers it's cheap and it's easy you
know and you don't tell yourself you
know what McDonald's hamburgers are
really inspired by filet mignons the
dark fills and dynasty Warriors are not
anything like each other get real Willie
you're always standing in my fishing
spot Willie
it must be the good fishing spot they
really try to get all up on me again oh
don't mind me I'm just now you gotta get
through a tight squeeze this Oh hold on
whoa tight squeeze it's cheap and easy
and it's the same as it was when you had
it several years ago absolutely that's
dynasty Warriors in a nutshell which in
general I'm okay with the dynasty war I
have a soft spot for the dynasty
Warriors series because it's cheap and
easy it's fun button
I was talking more of how berserk had is
the dark fantasy look that inspired the
Soul series oh well then I definitely
wouldn't like it actually I don't like
the look I don't like the setting and
the theme of the souls games I like the
I like blood-borne I like the dark
horror monster ghoul blood Lovecraftian
thing so then I definitely would not
like berserk so nope but if you could
would you like the Dark Souls berserk
look if you could if I could like it
I get egg if you could make yourself
like it if I could right then I guess
yes if I could make myself and I yes I
wouldn't have the ability to make myself
and then I would like it I don't
understand the question
what oh hey rich what David here hello
David
while on the topic of mass effect what
was your favorite moment and favorite
character from the series as a whole I'm
like I like Ashley as a character
because she felt very well-rounded she
wasn't a gimmick she was just a
character with a background moment
suicide mission was great also meeting
Harbinger was great okay yeah don't go
into too much detail as people yeah I
still want to play it so no spoilers
meeting meeting Harbinger for the first
time that was that was goosebumps and
the suicide mission was just a fucking
thrill well they go I don't know if this
is true but this new subscriber says
that she was very well rounded there was
no there's no gimmick involved with her
in a real quest for sister character no
background there's the family and okay
quince omnec says I like the park I
liked the part where Liara got naked
Lyra was creepy probably my least
favorite character in the series oh yeah
yeah well there you go there you go all
right if this isn't a lucky day tomorrow
I'm done okay
you're all prepared though now right
like you got a ham that's preferred as
I'd like but I feel obligated to try it
once
sure sure sure I'd like more stones to
get deeper into the mine but I don't
have that okay
I don't know if it's any good but one of
the months that something about gone
home being free this weekend oh I've
heard all right things yeah
no real no real you no need to play it I
can tell you next weekend is a free
overwatch weekend for anyone who has
been on the fence about playing
overwatch it's gonna be free on ps4 Xbox
one and PC or if you just want to
download it and try it out for a weekend
a full weekend of free play no buying
which is very exciting
we should be getting Sombra sometime
soon - I've pre downloaded an update
that has yet to go live but that's next
weekend
what's the salmonberry my solos maybe I
sold them oh I had like a ton can you go
back in that one and it's fine it's fine
all right well okay no I don't play the
PTR the UH that's kind of like the
public beta of overwatch because I don't
want to fall in love with something and
then have them not implemented into the
main game that was they were doing stuff
like that with Team Fortress 2 - Team
Fortress 2 as well where you could opt
into the public beta and they would test
out like giving a character a buff or a
nerf to see how it played in real-world
situations so overwatch has the same
thing it's they have a public beta that
you can just play in like right now like
people are playing as Sombra already and
they're gonna learn how to balance her
they've given buffs and nerfs to other
characters but I want to wait until it's
in the actual game because
you know like for example they're giving
a slight buff to Zarya who is a
character that I love playing as she has
a beam weapon and right now if the beam
passes through an enemy very quickly it
doesn't do any damage you have to hold
the beam on an enemy for like a second
before it doesn't end damage but in the
public beta you can just pass through
enemies and it does a little bit of
damage which is very nice it's a very
nice buff and I would hate to fall in
love with that feature and then have it
not be implemented in the real game you
like oh it was so much fun to play as
her back that that disappointment would
be terrible that's usually why I stay
away from just pleased displeased today
oh so not a lucky day all right we're
doing Dishonored okay all right let me
update the come on it couldn't take days
and days in a week before I get a good
lucky day gonna look it in sure sure
oh yeah let me update this this I know
too looks to be downloaded this and this
and and dissing dishonored and dissing
on her that's all I got that's that's
what I got dishonored and dissing on her
that's uh yeah it's the best I can come
up with so I'm gonna go with it
this nerd to search its here okay update
update info successfully updated great
great you get that upset Jack I wanted
to tackle the minds I was looking
forward to that's all right
