Episode 676
The Finding of My Nutsack (Part 2)
December 9, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1wNLJF5c6RY
___________________________________________

now they hear us now they hear us now
they hear us so they hear us hear us
that's amazing but they don't
all right I know there's no sound we
both knew it was it was a bit we did it
was a bit we did a joke bit we did a
joke bit about you guys not being able
to hear us but now you can welcome
how's everyone doing still doing I had
we weren't gone that long well we you
know we were gone approximately eight
minutes I I watched clueless gamer with
Conan O'Brien Final Fantasy 15 I don't
think it's got anything um I'm first
four hours a bunch tournament what no it
was great
it's great it was very entertaining it
was very entertaining oh and by the way
if for anyone you know a bunch of people
say that they didn't see an ad or
anything if you are subscribed to us you
don't see ads on the channel and if you
are a twitch turbo member you don't see
ads which you probably know but yeah if
you are subscribed to us or if you
subscribe to us for using twitch prime
then you won't see ads so what what's
the Oh like twitch is desperate to get
people to actually run ads so yeah the
reason we ran an ad is I got a I got an
email from twitch
I'm transparent Jack I'm just I'm a
transparent no and that's fine that's
fine there's no reason no reason to hide
it I got an email from twitch that said
any any partner streamer who runs ads
during their stream midstream ads gets a
boosted ad revenue from now until the
end of the year probably because yes
they are desperate for forever we
doesn't need it we don't need it Jack
we're doing fine oh you know what I know
we don't need it and we have gone this
long like we never ever run ads my
thought is it might make twitch happy
with us because that's how twitch gets
money which kids which has been good to
us yes
and so if twitch goes oh hey those those
previously record guys they are they
a little advertising that's sure nice
we're gonna put them on our radar you
know I don't worry about being on their
radar just helps them to dad exactly so
let's uh
yes charity charity by taking charity by
takes sure charity by way of running
horrible advertisements who knows what
the ad was for who saw an ad for one who
had an ad for Final Fantasy 15 did we
get the option to enable cheers yet we
have not done that if you would like it
let us know I haven't seen a huge surge
in people who want it so I have yet to
do it if you want cheers let me know and
I will enable them if they're not now
just because it's it's an extra thing
it's an extra thing in the chat and so
I'm only going to enable them if I know
people want them mm-hmm so it's it's
another thing in the chat it'll be
another thing that'll end up being like
an overlay on screen I'm sure so that's
why I have opted out of them for now but
if it's something that you guys really
want then let me know and if enough
people say it will add it because that's
what we're here for
we listen we listen we understood we
were here
twitch takes a huge part of the cheer
money yes yes they do
in fact that fuck then talk about
helping twitch no I don't miss Emma coz
I'm a goddamn hypocrite jack that's what
I am which does take a big cut of the of
the cheer money but they have a little
bit of my money
Kenneth Arvid can have a large
percentage I'm a jig
I don't give blood that was a lie I take
it you take that used to go into the
head back at blood bank at night and I
just feel bags of blood just in case I
needed blood for something feeling a
quart low-- gonna get all that our blood
you take all the old positive how much
you got in your cooler right now well it
goes bad just you gotta keep taking it
occasionally it's all about proper blood
storage right I've told you this a
thousand times just just a case of a car
accident you know maybe lovely
I
but ah what so uh sorry chances very
chances neato
what breed dogs have you two had slash
sort of had back in the day I love mo
Rottweiler Rottweiler sir Rottweiler
best dogs are months I know that much
hey I know Karen's family has had many
dogs over the year years they had a nice
one that was uh some kind of border
collie mix uh-huh
they got a very sweet dog right now he's
large I don't I don't know what the hell
he is though because I don't I don't
know these things mutts and there are
months so they're all just everything
and growing up my family had German
shepherds
yeah all German shepherds a metric
fuckton of German Shepherds chefs ink
orgy lap dogs are the worst I don't know
about Corgi specifically but I've I've
never met a small dog well no that's not
sure I've met a couple small dogs I
liked Mike Mike's Mike's dog way back in
the high school days yeah sweetheart I
am I'm nervous that was a small dog but
I'm not a fan of small dogs my uh I know
a couple people who have Bernese
Mountain Dogs have you ever seen those
things they're like giant and super
fluffy and very docile and take
direction well core G chord whatever or
G Corgi yeah whatever I don't give a sh
ed
not everyone's jumping on that one god
Wow so anyway back to religion which
mispronounced a word riot people get
people get very up 'ti about their dog
Oh names
okay
I'm Susana myths so guys I just watched
conan playing final fantasy 15 yes at a
few min few minutes to rethink things
holy shit that game looks like butt
cheese I like the old FF games but dear
Lord that looks awful run away it looks
terrible
I figured it would look terrible and
makes me 11 Conan O'Brien that I not
that I hated him before you know but
that was a good bid there's a quality
bit quality bit my my favorite my
favorite part is he still does like the
whole coming out next month finally you
know like he still he still does the
advertisement for it which is all class
fucking you don't grade I think no I'm
not I'm not doing great
I am not doing great rich but that's ok
so that's ok
you're looking at your notes we're gonna
look at my things to talk about notebook
did yeah I think we already talked about
the ghost of Michelle trailer and we
already talking about Shaq's rocket
League team mm-hmm I came across
recently a new artist that I've been
listening to musically and I wrote it
down because it's a Spanish name okay
Natalia Natalia la for Chava okay
Natalija law for chedda I heard this
coming home from a stream late one night
on the radio and it is like a girly pop
acoustic indie girly pop uh-huh but it's
Spanish she sings in Spanish okay
and so I have no idea of what the fuck
she's saying but it's so dangerous I
think about boys in love or something
I'm sure it's something it's very pretty
I just don't know what she's saying okay
and I really enjoy it Natalija law for
cheddar
I am sure I'm not pronouncing that
correctly because I am you know not
spanish-speaking natively so Natalia law
for Java and really enjoying that album
okay a lot of times people ask us you
know what music we listen to or what
music we like and you got a response I
got a response not the Leola for Jabba
the fuck is that I doing
oh that's my I yeah and it's just kind
of roams around and does what it just
bounces around the room and then hurts
enemies if it happens to come across
them I guess it's a nice extra yeah yeah
it's it's it's not the best upgrade yeah
but it'll do it'll do like if I can get
some some more range on my tears now I
might have a I might have a decent run
there's some pretty powerful tears at
the moment but you need that range yeah
the the powerup gives me like giant ears
and they pass through objects but it
lowers the range
so we need a little me a little bit more
evil Lord David says hey rich evil Lord
David David here I agree with you about
mutts being the best dogs I had a month
when I was young he was dumb as a post
and eight rocks in the backyard everyone
hated him but me a dog that eats rocks
the best dogs are smart you know there's
a dumb love ability though to some dogs
yeah well they're all dumb in some
degree I mean relatively speaking
compared to eyes they're dumb right no
matter how smart the dog is sure I'm
with you uh yeah and you know I'm just
I'm a big fan of my of the German
Shepherds obviously that's just what I
grew up with any width so mmm big strong
dog biggest Adana
we had a Great Dane at one point that
was interesting yeah just cuz it was
giant yeah that's a scooby-doo dog
scooby-doo dog yeah and you know so that
was that was neat we had to put it down
though because it uh a neighbour's dog
came into our yard and yeah attacked our
dogs and of course like it was like a
little shit dog yeah our dog won yeah
but like it came into our yard and we
had to put our dog down right yeah
that's the whole thing that can't be
right yeah it was at the time I mean I
don't know I was a kid you know that
can't be right that's awful yeah the
story as I remember it for me as a kid
of course yeah dirty touch turdy touch
I'm not liking these power-ups I might
restart you can't restart oh you know
we'll see we'll see what power up I get
from the boss turdy touch what sturdy
touch if an enemy touches me they get
poisoned but you know I also take damage
yeah that's dumb it's like yeah
you know I heard that if you breed a
says epic Jason X 9,000 ago I heard that
if you breed a bulldog with a shih tzu
you get a bullshit I like that that gets
a thumbs up good yeah thumbs up that's
clever
that's clever that's a that's a dumb and
dumber yeah don't you like Dumb and
Dumber do you like that doing
I do like that I defend Devin Devin I
think it's I think it's still funny shit
funny movie range see how far Dumb and
Dumber is a fine movie fine fine movie I
have not seen Dumb and Dumber ever never
because it's seeing really dumb it's I'm
not the biggest Jim Carrey fan really
yeah he annoys me he's a national
treasure he annoys the fuck out of me oh
I shall treasure Oh apparently it turns
him into poop if they hit me that's
interesting no he's not a National
Treasury national treasure he's he's
annoying national treasure
Robin Williams was a national treasure a
greater national treasure can't they
both be national treasure he's Canadian
well he's Canada's national treasure
there you go he's a Canadian national
treasure rich he's Canadian isn't dumb
and Dumberer just all Jim Carrey doing
annoying things kind of like Ace Ventura
uh-oh it's also Jeff Daniels no it's you
know what there's bits there's quality
bits in Dumb and Dumber well that's at
least 50% Jim Carrey doing obnoxious
things that I don't care
they're obnoxiously funny
I think they are at least I think they
are but my taste in comedy is very
different from yours Jack's favorite
American Canadian American Jack's
favorite American comedian is John
Cleese I get it he's a word to you our
mother word to your mother I get it
listen Jim Carrey Jim Carrey left Canada
a long time ago he's he's as Canadian as
bacon Jiminy Cricket prick bastard
restrict brass key is there any rhyme or
reason to why some words in rlm are
bleeped and others are not sometimes the
bleep is funnier
that's it that's all that's the mystery
imagine Jerry Springer without the
bleeps you got nothing you got nothing
bleeps make it hysterical yep bleeps
making a joke like they're putting this
on TV hmm
under some circumstances the bleep makes
more comedy yep and that's just it
or sometimes we just say something so
awful that it has to be believed just
for our protection
anonymous says rich I'd like to ask you
a question
pass it away Truman Show was good a
Riddler was best part of Batman Forever
question mark I never saw eternal
sunshine of a blah blah but it was good
I heard question and man on the moon
you lose man in the moon was horrible
because of Jim Carrey The Truman Show
Jim Carrey is the worst parts of on
concept Shiba Carrie ruins it Riddler
was the worst part of Batman Forever yes
that I can agree on
do you see there's the answer to all of
your quarte to Batman Forever was
what's-his-face the director Schumacher
she was Joel Schumacher was the worst
part of Batman Forever Jim Carrey was
the second worst part is I would say Joe
Kerr was the worst part of Batman
Forever I think Jimmy Joe I think is
good at it your concept I don't want you
Kelly though
did you see the spine you see that
pretty good this big is figured swung
pretty good movies swatted Emma Michel
Gondry Michel Gondry crazy French artist
making it our French already movie I see
to be the it's a sci-fi movie Eternal
Sunshine of the spotless mind get out of
town get out of town get out of Elijah
Woods in it and Mark Ruffalo I don't
know if I mean obviously like yeah
doesn't really matter cuz it was a while
ago
I just think it's funny man on the moon
yeah you know you know all you got why
man why why but such an interesting
figure made unlikable because Jim Carrey
oh just kind of a cheesy movie but I
wouldn't say unlikable get out of town
cable guy was pretty alright that's a
weird movie yeah but this one were like
the character is like supposed to be
obnoxious
uh-huh that's the whole point is he
annoys people uh-huh
it works for the Cable Guy I think
you're being hard on Jim Carrey I'll be
honest with you surely I liked a spin
shirt yeah the buck thing was funny when
I was like eight uh-huh
it was great a little bit older than
eight when did that come out early 90s
it was that late eighties early nineties
you're probably older than a little bit
older wasn't totally mature though you
were immature enough yep it's a like Ace
Ventura
oh yeah I can still I can still get some
love for Ace Ventura tell you what and
the mask of the mask is hurt by the fact
that I was kind of fond of the comic
when I like dark humor and the comic
gets based on is very dark not the movie
so I felt like the mask kind of ruined
the whole concept of the mask you know
I'm not gonna I'm not gonna defend the
mask I haven't seen the mask in forever
I think I don't I get it Jim kid the
whole Jim Carrey thing I just get it
what the fuck who actually read the
comic I did a jerk ass before the movie
was a thing which is the only one
hardcore the mask fan number one mask
fan right here it's good dark bloody
gory humor like the mask for the comic
very gory okay huh very gory it'd be
very interesting he would do the loony
toon stuff but when his head like got
hit with a melon I wouldn't flatten they
wouldn't like you know explode you know
he'd still be okay in the next petal
right but I was definitely bloody oh
that's great that's great
boy
blah son of a bitch son of a bitch
you just barf and some blood on me no no
biggie no biggie
yeah
what about kick-ass using kick-ass too
right I haven't seen that so I have also
not seen kick-ass - I remember you know
like being okay with kick-ass one I
don't know why I never saw kick-ass -
mmhmm because like kick-ass one was
alright you have a thing with the mask
and the comical chat was that the longer
you wore the mask on the more the more
of your mind you would basically lose
the crazier you would get and you could
you could end up accidentally killing
people you liked uh-huh with your antics
with your cartoony antics there's kind
of a whole comic sounds like this yeah
it was a weird thing to make into a
children's movie no I did very weird
thing to make into a children's movie
well what they did you know like I I
laugh because like it's it's so it's so
clearly is a children's movie yeah but
you have to wonder like who saw who saw
that bloody mess you could say the same
thing about the Teenage Mutant Ninja
Turtles oh sure
well but still kind of juvenile the
original Turtles anybody they could be
pretty gory they would hack people up
with this orbs they didn't just like
knock people out that's it's still even
with the the new turtle series it just
constantly bothers me he wasn't intended
to be a reoccurring villain the shredder
gets impaled thrown off a building and
explodes at the end of the first issue
of the Turtles is it true yeah yeah
that's very true they brought him back
through through mystical shenanigans
sure Oh mystical shenanigans
sweet sweet mystical shenanigans an area
for you yet you know it just always
always bothers me whenever Leonardo uses
his swords on an enemy and doesn't cut
them yeah yeah always yeah it's just
it's just a dumbest thing like he fights
human ninjas with his swords no damage I
understand that they can't because it's
a kids cartoon but still it's bothersome
hey
filmmaker freaks has actual question why
is this called previously recorded if
this is a live stream congratulations
you get the joke what what's the name of
the stream channel
yeah but name of the stream channel
isn't previously recorded take a look
it's right above rich and I way at the
top there what's the name of the stream
channel yeah previously recorded live
which is kind of the it's a bad joke
because nobody gets him that's on us a
fantastic joke one of the reasons that's
not made it and I originally wanted to
call live previously recorded and then
the stream would be live previously
recorded live
I forget which came first but I remember
the met one of the main drivers behind
us calling the show previously recorded
was thinking that we could call the
stream previously recorded live I
remember didn't I originally want to
call it gamers you absolutely did and it
was thoroughly and just without having
to think too hard about it at all
gamer's shit I forget exactly like how
many names we went through button and in
naming the show previously we went
through a lot oh yeah okay it's tough it
steps to think about what do you want to
name the show that you know like and you
know we've only done video games so far
mm-hmm but you know we got the stream as
well yeah it's like we didn't want to be
pigeonhole held in to thank the board
games right right so you know we did we
did want to call like VG reviews and you
or whatever okay dad restart that's fine
god damn right it is God you get you
gosh darn right it is rich that's just
what's gonna happen that's how the Isaac
is played I wasn't super thrilled with
that power set anyway I have a lot of
stuff that's not unlocked though
sorry Chen says arrogant so mutts my dad
used to have a German Shepherd
he refused to do tricks but was very
loyal if you are able would you have a
wild animal or hybrid pet I know the
savannah cats are an example the
savannah cats you know any so any sort
of like wild dog I would be really
freaked out about just because there's
too much - too much of wild in there I
don't know about that I don't know into
that I would be right once the wolf's
got a taste of blood in them you know
I'll have failed Dhoni cricket prick
bastard says there should be an account
there should be an account tear for
YouTube we're all third-party claims
have to be sent by snail mail what would
it take to make this happen
account tier and third-party claims do
you mean like copyright copyright claims
yeah so it's like if you are a like a if
you are like a gold platinum t remember
YouTube creator you get I'd be annoying
if you have a legit claim yeah if your
claim was legit and you got to do the
snail mail thing to get your content but
like taking off of somebody else's
channel but there'd be like an extreme
vetting process you know for a for
example like some of someone who gets
like erroneous strikes in them all the
time and has had no strikes against them
you know something like I I don't
believe this is on their YouTube channel
I think this is on their website yeah
but this was a this was a group large
enough that they have a certified
YouTube channel okay and I'm sure they
do have a YouTube channel under pretty
big okay they flat-out stole one of our
videos once and we were getting no ad
revenue from that terrible we had to
argue with them to get it taken down
terrible I'm not I'm not naming names
but this is like this is like a big name
these people have no reason to steal
content which made it doubly annoying oh
sure don't necessarily know what just
happened there but I like it
that's that's the problem is there are
some instances where copyright claims
are legitimate and there are some
instances when they are not and really
like it doesn't need to be a snail mail
thing with YouTube it and YouTube just
needs a better just needs a better way
to sort through it mmm
but YouTube is not a moneymaker YouTube
is unprofitable it's also completely
ubiquitous it's one of the bests players
out there and they get you know millions
and billions of views every single day
yet it is not profitable it costs so
much to house all of those videos that
they're not they're not earning anything
from it mm-hmm and I keep on looking for
ways to earn stuff from it and that
means you know partnering up with movie
studios to premiere shit and whatnot and
that's why they take their side in
copyright claims and you know movies
allowing them to then didn't you just
say that you took too many damn pills
Joe no I always do I always take too
many damn pills okay I'm trying to try
to stop you
nope nope you can't you can't stop me I
love taking pills I'm a pill head the
usually the the benefit outweighs the
the costs always sometimes sometimes it
bites me this time it kind of did
so what does the puberty thing do I just
gives me hair it does do anyway Oh
doesn't do anything yeah that just like
makes me look weird so just a joke
yeah so that one's not terrible but like
there's lots of good that pills can do
so I generally take pills lots and lots
of pills
think
oink-oink motherfucking Yoink oh oh
those type of bricks have something in
them yeah there's like the blue ones
with the X on them think up they uh they
have goodies in get treats worthless
and what to find a safe space is there
one
I stay over here why don't you start at
the one there's no stopping marriage you
should have done the very top one over
so didn't take time to get over and then
as the started you start moving up you
could about okay you could about okay
but you didn't wanna listen to me take
nope
it's tough to do rich stuff to do not
Emma says and Alice you say YouTube is
unprofitable as an AI designer I can
tell you that a dataset that large is
worth its weight in gold and it keeps
getting bigger
did you say that YouTube was improved
that YouTube is unprofitable okay there
was no profit in it it wouldn't exist my
understanding it's got some value is
that the co no it has value but as as
far as what I've read the cost to
maintain the YouTube is greater than the
cost they bring in through ad revenue
okay
of course Google's got their fingers in
a lot of different pies but that is that
is what I have read I don't have any
more keys it doesn't matter I don't have
any more keys
oink
so yeah like they can sell people's
information they can use YouTube as a
way to promote their other prod products
but I do believe that they make or they
spend more money to maintain YouTube
than they do in ad revenue okay
is what I believe could be wrong but I
don't think I am so they're so they're
motherfucker
and you know they might use they might
use that technology like for algorithms
for other shit button who knows
so is that a bomb embedded in that rock
yes so if you if you bomb that rock you
get a bomb no you don't get a bomb it uh
it just blows up extra ow
which also means that there are certain
items that like where you can like walk
through rocks and destroy rocks huh and
then you'll blow up okay you will blow
up yes so it's a bad thing
yes yeah yeah we can deal with that
oh look at this Russian roulette with
the hearts why not Dark Matter oh that's
a lame one let's try alone and lame look
so you lost almost all your health for
nothing you know yeah but I I'm not
super happy with this power set anyway I
said you should have just gotten two of
them then what the two one sure that
probably would have been probably would
have a minute we'll see what we can do
with this
Jack knowing you are a fan of roguelike
games yes and divita yes
have you checked out siren the wonder at
all yes what is shy run the wanderer
it's an old-school dungeon-crawling
roguelike part of it's part of a series
of games the Shiring series i played a
little bit of it and not sure it's my
cup of tea as its it's very it's a
little more RPG e than I'm comfortable
with mm-hmm yeah I just have not
terribly gotten into it
but yes I bought it just for that reason
hey if you're into rogue likes on the
Vita Shiren the wanderer I have it I
have maybe like an hour worth of
playtime into it and it's not it's not
striking my fancy so you're slowing
people down but you don't got much power
is that how that works
what oh the one they turned purple yeah
it's a fear shot so they're afraid of me
so they run away and more importantly
they don't shoot I shoot at me yeah yeah
it seems pretty decent yeah yeah it's a
it's not a bad thanks not a bad one
again
Cerie Chen says regarding the slow
forming anime drawing Photoshop is being
a dingus uh-huh but Totoro rich is
adorable as hell I still don't know what
to make Jack them riches Totoro is that
the big cat that's the big cat how do I
know it was gonna be them the minute
studio whatever
jiggly giggling Ghibli Ghibli was
brought up honey I was gonna be Totoro
cuz you're smart smart rich so what are
you gonna be Jack I'm gonna make a thing
I'm trying to think of someone from
Totoro one punch man would look too much
like one punch man right and that's not
a Ghibli does it have read Ghibli
yeah I think she said she was gonna do a
Ghibli mm-hmm
you can draw me as the as the furnace
man from from spirited away old bald man
with glasses with many arms
someone from Totoro just put me in a
dress I'll be a little uh said Sookie I
forget it I forget their names it's been
a while it can be anything it could be
anything yeah any any freaking anime
check any freaky anime not any maybe not
even Emily's you just said anything so I
don't know hey whatever you watch it
I'm no good now I'm no good so he wants
to be no good if I want to be no good
what is no good
what anime is that from oh that's from
episode 5 of berserk overlords no good
the a great jack oh yeah well good I got
more keys that's nice so that's nice
and at the worst not the worst shit
great the arrange went down but seems
like you're still shooting pretty far I
think I had a thing earlier that I love
it here Ange that put my range up so
I'll putting it down did not do so think
of doing alright and I got this mask on
me and this mask says that sometimes
when I get hurt I'll drop a blue heart
okay which is very helpful here we go
here we go have I ever tasted any wild
game meats I actually have not though I
did work with a butcher who on the side
would process venison
you've never even eaten venison no that
is a Wisconsin state I suppose you did
not spend the you did not grow up in
Wisconsin sorry I I keep forgetting that
you grew up somewhere else
suburbs suburbs of a major city right
here in Wisconsin it is it is very
common for us to eat venison which for
those who don't know is deer meat the
meats of Bambi mmm
Bambi
and you know pretty tasty venison jerky
is my real favorite because then then
it's like a little Tang in you jerk I
don't know why that's funny it shouldn't
be well tell you got a giggle out of me
all right and I thought you know what
rich I'll take it I'll take a goddamn it
yes I worked with a butcher I worked at
a grocery store they work today no no
technically at the grocery store their
meat cutters but he processed venison he
was an actual butcher technically there
was a difference between a meat cutter
and a butcher absolutely
if you're curious and I don't know why
you would be they all Irish a meat
cutter just takes like a most made
partly processed animal and cuts it into
cuts chunks into smaller chunks right
big chunk of meat cuts it into small a
butcher can cut up the whole animal from
scratch
I don't remember his last name you're
the butcher yeah Danny you know I can't
remember his last name oh he was great
though it was great Oh No gosh darn it
there's one thing I was at work I'm just
wrapping up the packages and he was
cutting to me yeah and you know you're
working it out you know you know we're
gonna big corners you know they gotta
keep the beat cold yeah and store
manager walks in one day and I don't
know what he came in there for but his
his opening gambit he was gonna bust
some balls when he walked into the back
room when they're cut and beat and he he
sees his bottle of sauce it's sitting on
the counter
and he says shouldn't that be
refrigerated because he's gonna bust
some balls and Danny looks at him like
he's the dumbest motherfucker in the
world he looks around the room he says
what do you think this is I don't know
what the fuck the store manager actually
came in there for but he just he was a
dead silent he's just looking around
there's like a comedy he just backed out
of the room
No and so I don't know what that item
was I didn't want it though I like my
bomb buddy
you know something I forgot off of the
list I've had as I've person who has as
a person who's had many jobs I think the
last room I went through like the lists
of jobs that I hadn't and I forgot some
okay on that list
I forgot most important to this job
right now which is retail clerk at a
used video game and movie store hmm a
fun fun time if you've talked about that
job on stream before oh sure I just I
left it off of the list when we were
talking when we were talking about oh
yeah I'm so that that was those good
times that that's where that's where I
discovered Pokemon I think I should say
his last name anyway I think I
remembered it Oh probably shouldn't am
Sam you know if he's still around he
might have died it yeah it's possible
I'm in a decade or so a little bit maybe
longer
probably this much shit shit rich
getting out of here
dinah steady for says yo jack and red
shoe
I discovered rlm after a job loss landed
a nice job yesterday
and I just wanted to thank you for the
free quality entertainment during a
tough time fuck my - and I do thank you
the dock sound whatever dock sound - oon
docks out I don't know fucking dog breed
names because I don't give a shit I
think I think it's a dachshund it
slobbers and it's got a big nose and it
barks it to dawn the fucking dog
it has all those yes it doesn't have big
nose I don't got a pit bull or something
so if I break it down
dachshund yeah dachshund the the classic
wiener dog the adorable wiener dog
everybody likes a wiener dog
shit motherfucker
I'm gonna die today it's very possible
I'm gonna die did thought rich was
allergic to cats and dogs I'm mostly
just allergic to cats it's assumed to be
a little bit allergic to dogs but cats
will fuck me up
hmm and I don't know once oh yes yes I
am allergic I don't know where you got
the idea that I'm not anymore
but guess I'm still allergic to cats and
dogs mostly mostly just cats horrible
horrible cats
you don't grate Jacko know of so many
mistakes so many mistakes I'm losing it
fucking up rich blow up a skull
sometimes when you blow up a skull you
get a good thing and sometimes it turns
into a monster okay so yeah or you get
nothing
zombi Hendrix's the editor good evening
jack and rich hello random question okay
which superpower would you choose heat
vision or can't abilities or cat
abilities like defined cat abilities you
need to be more specific with that and
are you forced to have like cat ears
like cat nose and claws like what does
that entail cat ability so like in
general what cats have good hearing and
eyes so you can smell bad things extra
good and the end and agility which means
that no point can you ever be closer
than 100 feet to a bathroom and you're
horribly and different to the people who
love you yep it says that's horrible
I can't think but you get added agility
no heat vision because somebody pisses
you off they don't have to know what you
will just I guess that's my card to burn
that's my question with the heat vision
is like do they see the do people see
the beam let's say no I'm gonna say no
then definitely heat vision 100%
heat vision o´clock like you're just
cold
you're just cold right heat up that
blanket if you have enough fine control
you know that would take a lot of fine
control let's heat vision not burn rays
right
I always thought of feet visions you
just stare at something and you imagine
it getting hotter that's always thought
of heat vision yeah but oh and you know
I guess I'm thinking like Superman laser
eyes kind of thing yeah yeah I guess is
heat vision and I think Superman is able
to control it in such a manner where he
can just heat up his coffee yeah
that'd be kind of Awesome just you know
like looking at your coffee and I kind
of want it to be a little warmer I have
a lot of questions regarding the heat
vision but oh I mean the heat vision
100%
cat Power's has nothing good to offer
like when do you when do you need
agility in your everyday life how often
does that come up it also like there's
still an energy cost of agility like I
could be more agile right now if I just
worked out all the time well that's
probably just probably energy cost with
heat vision too though hmm you're not
gonna be immune from that yeah but I can
sit down while I do it
sure and isn't that what's important
and if I can melt shit am i able to melt
shit with my heat vision then heat
vision okay perfect car in front of you
that's just annoying strange rash of
burnings throughout the General
Milwaukee area police have baffled the
scientists can't explain it we talked to
one local resident who seemed to be
really happy though for some reason
weird anonymous says my retirement firm
pushed a big company to boost its share
price to improve my 401k they did so by
laying me off to cut payroll I'm 25
loving that 401k now fuck capitalism
sorry sorry man sometimes that happens
sometimes that happens
I'm sad this isn't Dishonored again
guess I'm waiting for the review or
whatever those are nice comments from
people I'm glad people I'm glad that you
enjoyed our dishonored stream some
sometimes we play the dishonored and
sometimes we're gonna play with a
different game and thanks for thanks for
coming by I appreciate it
I've gotten you know a lot farther in
dishonored like fuck probably gonna die
tons of great jobs if you don't mind
working at McDonald's oh it's true how
do you feel about Walmart how do you
feel about shit jobs
hey what character my playing is in it
Garrett you're playing as Darren yep
yeah cuz we all know you want to be a
girl because I want to be grow I'm going
I'm going on the cuz I was the one on
the throne my throne was taken from me
so I wanted I wanted revenge as Emily
that's my story okay is I want I wanted
to kill and there are certain people
like I murder
probably more people than I should I
watch you murdered everybody jack well
I've told you down the murder you know I
heard like I'm or everyone in the city I
murdered because like those people
betrayed me the Queen princess right
yeah when I got to the next city
I tone down the murder but I still like
I whip out the heart every once in a
while because the heart alike tell you
something and like a lot of times it'll
be like he cheats on his taxes okay for
that yeah yeah but like you'll come
across people who just like like I came
across a conversation between a a guard
and a random person and I was just
listening in on their conversation the
guard pushed the random person off of a
roof
I was like what the fuck I went down
there sliced the guards fucking head off
that's what you get guard Lee spelled
that for me huh you spoiled that for me
oh there's a million things like that
there's a ton of things like that and
that's later you will by the time you
get there you won't even know I'm much
farther in the game than you are okay
okay settle down
hey why don't we take a moment and thank
some people all right subscribe to us so
we're done as be done all right that's
fine great that's fine let's thank
people to subscribe to us like chica moo
moo
chika moo moo says two months too fast
too furious
yeah how about hey it's Walter
big boy 15 the Irish the Irish nerd the
Irish nerd on Twitch the Irish nerd on
Twitch because this is nerd none of them
is Cap'n it looks like don't I know it's
like the Irish oh don't which the Irish
or don't which the Irish nerd don't wish
no the irish doesn't end in there though
the Irish and nerd don't which the Irish
in there don't which the Irish nerdo age
says hey guys been a while since I got
to catch you live hide every one of the
chat seven of Borgnine says lol dick my
birthday boy dr. smoke T no no dr. smoke
trees says two months of shit posting
and PR chat the Juxt vice versa man says
home just in time to catch my favorite
stream I suppose I'll watch you guys to
know top ramens 21 fucking months in a
row
it's up its this top ramens alien o7
nice rosy lady six love furious
slumbrous six love you bris yes they owe
it and got it
wait there's something on the internet
Oh God six love blue yes oh my god I
can't say that at all
six look GRU Lagoo be really goo breeze
lugubrious okay six
lugubrious Ayers says Evans Packard 2020
just this guy you know twenty three
fucking months in a row justice guy you
know says new personal best master Keith
jet lag thirty-five says a year of being
a hack front and 3/4 of a year
subscribing here's to a bit more way mmm
erosion schoo sk's 30 fucking months in
a row Seamus Chris first time I've seen
a big three-o khuskhus says the big
three oh it's all downhill from here
absolutely sailor e7 says two months of
fraudulence autistic rooster atomic
mousetrap says experience tranquility
no mr. shy smile 25 fucking months in a
row mr. shy smile says shrug I don't
know what to say sorry
sausage chasm snuke 7 shop shop hero gin
6 John Durr yonder
who says giggity crocodile brain 25
fucking months in a row 30 was piscis
yep by the way I see in chat there Lucas
Ducas 13 months in a row and Lucas Ducas
says you've been in my life so long I
don't remember anything else
Titus 84 spend ghuli spend golly spend
golly spending Lily Ghoulies and ghoulia
is a different thing in the early says
keep up the good work you baby booger
burger burping but boys got needs bagels
Zoo Fergus the zoo abides dyg low-key
nineteen months in a row dyg Loki says
thank you jack
and rach for all the fun times i spawn
badger 27 months in a row I spun badger
says wasn't able to watch the last month
but you got my money anyway love you
guys thanks thank you
how many months in a row twenty-seven
fucking months in a row nine outside the
fuck did not say the fucking fucking me
god dammit yeah shit
oh nice thanks that's what that is
skismo evil crash nine Janome ma 19
months in a row casual horse twelve
months in a row says the Cubs Trump for
God's sake rich when are you gonna get
rid of that baby painting Frisco Jones
27 fucking months in a row thank you for
subscribing all of you
catch up with these tools got really
appreciate it huh it's got the wedding
goodness oh yeah
evil Lord David said hey Jack David here
I share your love Pokemon and rich Evans
is there any chance I could expect a
Pokemon Sun or moon stream
sometime in the near future it would
make me very happy is it out yeah I
don't they're saying maybe maybe
possibly I I'm interested in it but
i-i've been really not looking for or I
I've not been not enjoying Pokemon Y and
so if the trend continues I will also
not enjoy Pokemon Sun Moon but yeah
maybe well we'll give that time okay
Jiminy Cricket prick bastard since yeah
what's with the B movies you watch on
best of the worst and rape because
sleazy producers think they need tits in
their movies and they don't care how
they get tits in their movies you
usually usually these movies involve
some sort of violence so you need a
reason for violence and then you need a
reason for neutered and then you need a
reason for nudity and so then it's like
that's what separates you from the
pornos right and so it's like if the bad
guy does the rape then the good guy can
do the violence against the rape yes and
it's just like that's it's easy yes yeah
I think that's a great thing is it we
end we end on a strong note rape and
vile
