Episode 677
Mega Punching Pokemon Moon (Part 1)
December 12, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ivpHuzTg4gw
___________________________________________

our way through Pokemon moon right and
Sun what's what's the Sun what's the
moon historically Pokemon games have
come in pairs this is just to make
people buy more Pokemon games this is
just to make people buy more Pokemon use
okay this is this is ODEs
every single one every single one I'm
gonna put my feet up here every single
pokemon game has come in a pair pokemon
red/blue was the first one pokemon
silver gold and each each of the games
have slightly different pokemon it's the
exact same story they just have slightly
different pokemon in them and so if you
truly want to catch them all in every
generation you either need to buy both
games and you know get them separately
or trait like it also encourages trading
with fro cots so that's you know there's
a little souther ii do they all have one
that the other one doesn't have yes okay
several they all have several months
several yeah almost like there's the
main one that they don't have but then
there's several several other ones i was
told i was thinking about playing this
game for the stream and someone said you
know the first the first little bit of
the game is actually like really
hand-holding and really boring and maybe
you should want to know it's like i was
like i want you to experience that with
me chat welcome everyone which needs to
pick the starter yeah that's gonna tough
that's gonna be tough let's just begin
game here we got to pick our starter our
settings have been saved great oh crap i
forgot one thing what what bet did rich
lose rich is a nice man who's letting
his friend play his game oh when i
forgot to do one thing i was so on top
of things here rich and i forgot to do
one thing and now you guys have to
listen to that beeping what did you
forget to do i forgot to change the
okay you just hit the camera button real
quick so it stops them the blue ping and
low blow hold on
no I guess we're not okay Jack your mic
is too loud my mic is too Oh give me a
moment and I will fix that let's do the
Z move dance what is the Z move dance
here I will I will fix my camp my mic
being too loud by moving it further away
from my face fine
how about that how's this now now that
my microphone is not directly in my face
okay oh no no it says it's official
betsy divorce or divorce i don't know a
creationist will be in charge of
education in eight weeks
yay can you have any good TV and it'll
be different in for eight years and
whatever I know everyone expects me to
be butthurt about the election I can
address this a little bit now this is a
little bit because it comes up a lot
I wish we talked about the election they
talk about the Ilych lives are the
rating talk about the election we're not
a political pundits no we're we kind of
talked about politics just for a little
bit because big deal yeah that was going
on there's news just kept coming up so
you know what we just hide it right and
now it's over no video games and shit
movies back to Star Wars as aids 9/11
all the all the good the good stuff and
even we know we expect Jax we bought
heard and you very much well I mean I'm
upset with the outcome of the election
I'm not one of those guys is like
running out in the street and protesting
I wasn't a fan of Hillary either and
okay here we are
hey rich this is the turd we selected we
had two rich made his decision he
you know please fix your audio clipping
is a rich now
whose audios clipping you know rich made
rich made a decision to that he that he
would be fine with either Trump or
Hillary over him not having a great
choice because you didn't vote at all
was your thing and so for for you you
were okay with either of them either of
them was better than having to choose
either of them what the fuck are you
saying
am I not putting this correct let's more
like I just chose neither right right I
couldn't get behind either so yeah right
so you were okay with either of them
because so you
over-over the choice of either of them
does that mean maybe that doesn't make
sense I guess I guess so you know and I
think some people like I think what
they're expecting from you asking if you
were butthurt if like if you had assumed
that Hillary would win and so you just
didn't vote no right I you know no my
brain isn't melted I'm upset obviously I
wanted I did not want Trump to win I I
stopped under estimating Trump after he
he won the nod the nomination for the
Republican Party huh
look at all these characters we can be
none of them is an old bald man yes we
need that gremlins Walt the gremlins
wall it's uh from the commentary track
for a little what the fuck movie it was
anymore Oh grab let's stupid of course
not dumb
I guess humor grandmas - Oh some most of
us remember our clamp the guy who owned
the building it was like a trump parity
in gremlins - uh I guess I don't
remember it specifically now yeah when
the grandmas - commentary track we're
talking about just ideas from him was
three and he should totally clam she'd
come back as president nice
I guess I'll be this guy sure should we
pick a funny name
I'm sure we pick a normal name Oh
Chapman a Jat name oh did you put the
torch rope yeah 27 I can't see what I'm
doing because I got old man ice shet
lottery the holy ghost absque rhymers
all moderators and subscribers sure
martyrs loves and subs yeah I went up
our aut is redevelops I know who won our
aut is alright UT is where you are the
Chad you are we're naming then what are
we naming our Garrick main character our
main care the main character I'm gonna
name our main
Pokemon Sun and or moon and and as Ezra
how dice is saying here that's like the
thing that's you know extra upsetting is
like it came out today the official
count Hillary won the popular vote by 2
million Oh 2 million more people voted
for Hillary than for Trump and he still
won't how many total voters huh how many
oh way under what it was last few years
but way under so my prediction on the
low turnout was right yeah yeah if I
predicted I don't remember if you lot of
people didn't like either people either
person a lot of people didn't vote
because of that right right ra you wait
did I spell wrong are aus T is no sorry
raus tiss ra you STI s is that a nice
peloton RA UST is there we go I'm no
longer picking the the the most mild
criminal and see yeah and we can we can
disagree on that like I don't think
Hillary was bad
if you're upset with it if yourself with
the outcome blame the Democratic Party
blame the Democratic Party I think
there's a lot of blame to go if you
can't if you can't run a candidate who
can beat someone who looked as just
clueless as Donald Trump did during
those debates yeah
utterly clueless I think there's no more
to it them I think it's on your
shoulders at that point no they didn't
they read the public completely wrong
they they they ran a standard candidate
this lying cheating this politician
they're doing other things uh
politicians always do again in a year
when that was not going to get you in
office and by the way they were they
were fucking idiots for not running
Bernie Sanders fucking idiots I here's
the thing I do think that was a part of
it absolutely that wasn't all of it
though you can't you can't blame that
totally and completely there were there
were massive gerrymandering efforts to
redistricting there were new voter ID
laws in typically democratic states that
meant people were turned away from the
voting that way that I I'm saying it's
all of the above it's a little bit of
everything
Hillary by the way messed up she was not
a good candidate I and I agree with you
but I think there's more to it than that
Hillary did not come back to has not
been in Wisconsin since the general
election the last time she was here was
during the party she was doing all the
things that the politicians normally do
exactly that's how you do it this is
what you know this is the formula this
is the recipe and I wasn't working this
year absolutely so I I'm not saying I'm
not saying you're wrong I'm just saying
I think there's more yeah I think I
think the media had a big problem I
think the media had a big problem that
this whole email thing was blown way out
of proportion and they treated Trump
unfairly cool you know I I feel like
there were so many things that Trump did
that would have disqualified any other
candidate any other year but because he
was the only other candidate they feel
like they had to give equal time to both
and he was he he said and did way more
outrageous things than these stupid Damn
emails somewhere on the interwebs I saw
this and it's very eye-opening it's like
a video that is a solid hour long
that's a compilation of Hillary's saying
one thing yeah and then right next to a
clipper we're saying the exact opposite
thing mm-hmm
it goes on for an hour I'm being
outrageous right now I Jackson in that
that is because cuz it's come up a lot
and like the YouTube comments
absolutely good way to target will be
Richard there it is I'm done with it now
unless you want to add more I mean
obviously obviously you guys know I I
wanted and Hillary to win over Trump so
I'm a little upset about it not much we
can do now I I feeI fear here's what I
really fear is I'd like I don't think
this is gonna affect me at all you know
the next four years will do nothing for
me I worry about the people around me I
worry about my friends who you know
maybe are in a same-sex relationship who
are maybe you know ray people of color
right like I worry about them are you
actually worried that they're gonna pass
or like shoot blacks outside law
absolutely not I am I'm worried that
some things that my friends are worried
about they're there are a lot of parents
at my kids school who are same-sex
couples yeah and they are worried about
more restrictive laws there's dealing
with their marriage and their adopted
kids which by the way Pence wants no way
he's gonna be able to get it through
them yeah and we've said no way to a lot
of things that have opened that's true
I'm worried about Trump on the
environment I'm worried about him
deregulating a lot of Industry I'm
worried
read about a lot of shit a bad shit he's
gonna do I think we can make it through
it I know I can but I'm worried about
the people around me at this point you
would need a new amendment to get rid of
same-sex marriage and an Trump has said
he isn't overturning it Trump has said
right whether or not he sticks to that I
don't know Republicans have the house
they have the Senate they have the White
House and soon they're going as you seen
them the margin it's not very but it's
gonna be it's gonna be it's gonna be a
lot of gridlock on things okay I thought
we fixed the microphones already what is
now what is now what is next hold on
hold on no way to get it through with
both Republican houses it's not you
under serious damage you need like
two-thirds
yeah that should huh
that should help the microphone
situation and for gay marriage and it's
not like you you would actually need all
of the states to ratify a new amendment
outlawed it's it's not going to happen
oh it's what our next you're right mics
are fine Hey too bad we fixed it that's
all that matters
in any case I don't know I'm a little
worried I'm sure it'll be fine yeah or
not I don't know I don't know Bernie
should have went no if Bernie went third
party it would have been disastrous
Bernie when Democrats thinking he had a
chance and he did have a chance bottom
line is Hillary and the DNC gave Trump
the White House no I don't think that's
true like I said I think that's part of
it I think rich is absolutely right that
Hillary was a weak candidate she was if
you talk to anyone heck talk to most
people who even supported Hillary and
they'll say you know Hillary wasn't my
favorite is usually the first thing I'm
us oh there was a lot I didn't like
about Hillary's the first thing out of
the mouth then they go into all the
reasons why she should have won
which I'm okay right
I am NOT an economist I cannot talk
about how feasible some of the things
Bernie Sanders may or may not have water
to do arm yeah I could tell you this
about Bernie Sanders yeah he actually
seemed sincere he did that's true which
kind of mind-blowing for me I'm not
speaking on how feasible was ideas for
free education all this where I'm not
sure I know if that could work right I'm
just saying he seemed like a man who
actually gave a shit absolutely
he would have he would have fired up
people it would have been an extremely
high voter turnout I think so I think
you're it what about a very different
election yeah I think he energized
people in a way that Clinton did not but
I don't think it's just Bernie did not
set off any of my bullshit detectors but
I don't think it's just Hillary okay I
think you got it I think it's all a pool
I think it's all a dirty pool together
wait pumped about and yeah I'm pumped
about meeting Aloha and Pokemon great
great let's meet some Aloha oh c'mon
ferny said he made run again in 2020
yeah and he might they might they'll be
hold but he'll be a lot
how did Trump win when Wisconsin is full
of sjw cooks like our alum that's the
real question you know you have a whole
generation of people right now who did
not grow up during the Cold War mm-hmm
socialism won't be a bad word forever
right
Thanks free right for letting a chat
blow off a little steam yeah you know
it's politics is a thing that happens
and like rich said we're not political
analysts we can we just tell you how he
feels I I don't like you know I don't
like banning people for talking about
things that we occasionally talk about
shit I bring up you know as long as
you're being civil about it hey you know
yeah obviously like you know I'm not
happy with a bunch of trumps supposing
picks four cabinet looking not looking
not looking the greatest not looking the
greatest for liberally minded folk and
it's also not looking great for like you
know a lot of people who voted for Trump
voted for him for like old-school
Republican reasons like hey he says is
gonna bring jobs back to America and
then lower taxes and it looks like he's
going to lower taxes on rich folks and
not do anything to bring jobs back to
America because the jobs that we need
aren't ever coming back low education
menial labor is not coming back getting
that job at the plant right out of high
school it's just not happening anymore I
haven't been paying attention to any of
this hypothetically speaking
hypothetically speaking what if you gave
corporations massive tax breaks as long
as like 90 percents of their workforce
was employed in the USA in the
continental United States I don't think
that would off
that how cheap they can get the same
stuff overseas yep good remember the
reason why we get stuff from overseas is
because they make it for literal slave
labor with with literal slave labor like
the people who work at fox come are
making pennies they live where they work
right the people who make t-shirts and
Mexico's art are in sweatshops like
they're making Nike shoes in sweatshops
in India right so the tax breaks that
you'd have to give the corporations
would have to be enough to offset
American labors at American labor costs
and what's the minimum wage right now
it's 8 bucks or whatever so you know per
hour 15 right so it would have to be you
have to offset their taxes enough to pay
for American labor and that's just not
gonna happen there's no amount of taxes
that that's gonna happen and most plants
in America's you know robots because
it's faster and more efficient right
these robots we like the robots and so
the the jobs that that rust belters want
to come back are just never ever coming
back so there is no solution
what do you mean to bringing jobs back
yeah no well the yeah the solution is
middle class is just gonna continue to
die and there's nothing we can do these
narrow there there's there's very real
solutions there there is one better free
education so people can you know get a
college education and get the job taking
care of the robots a more people in this
country exactly but that's the whole
point of having robots is you don't need
to employ that many people hey even once
you factor in the carrot a rich yeah I
wasn't done I'm just saying here you
want you polka so that's part of the
solution okay better education for
people the other part is a more
socialistic economy and
it's talking about something like a
guaranteed wage for everyone that way
capitalism can still exist wait what did
I need to get shit I wasn't paying
attention wait shit wait I didn't I
wasn't paying attention again get ready
your bag and hat and things are sound
the boxes in your oh I already opened
the box my room cut damn it
so it's multi-tiered is all I'm saying
you either have to ask consumers to pay
more for shit so they can afford
American labor which they're not gonna
do consumers have already spoken I am
NOT an economist I honestly don't have
any kind of proposed solution this is so
entertaining not being sarcastic talking
about politics while playing a child's
game no and you know we I think rich and
I have talked about like basic way basic
income before and even that like who
knows how that's going to work but if
you want people to still buy shit they
need money when FLA's insky says yes
rich you were wrong with your Spielberg
Yankees cap observation and the gremlins
commentary track oh oh oh no wait did
you guys just put out a new commentary
track I don't know what up but I can
barely did people have seen it okay
great the character of shortround from
Temple of Doom where a New York baseball
Giants can circa 1928 oh oh oh you did
it oh fuck it
well god damn it yeah TC Brady one three
three says hey guys nice your gremlin
commentary oh okay and it made me love
gremlins again
who doesn't love gremlins I don't know
so what made it love it again so they
didn't for a little while oh well there
you go
do you hear what I want
do you hear what I hear hey well there
you go
evil word david says hey Jack hi David
here
I bet David by the way I need to say I
love that you say David here thrilled
you're playing Pokemon moon there are
good and bad things about it but overall
I think it's much better than X / y
oh well good I haven't been enjoying x /
y I'd be honored I'd be honored if rich
named my newest Pokemon for me rich
needs a name for a Pokemon hey how many
eyes well there's there's five ace
there's well how many spaces do you have
enough you know get that much heavy the
relatively three days for eyes to DS and
an S perfect
perfect eighties months something richer
now we're talking about earlier to get
off of politics if you don't want to
call them aides and you can go with Adin
Adin Adin AIDS and AIDS and AIDS to get
off of Baltic something rich and I were
talking about earlier during Rich's solo
a stream there was was even Karen Street
yeah not a solo stream it was a you and
Karen stream you were playing a little
bit of one of my favorite games of all
time The Binding of Isaac yes and I was
stuck at home I was stuck at home doing
something dumb like watching my kids and
I was watching the stream and you know I
was there in chat chatting with people
and you were playing for one of your
first times ever playing my favorite
game a game I know inside and out yeah
and I need to tell you rich oh I got a
little insight into what it's like being
on the other side when we play stuff
like like Fallout New Vegas and
carriages or Dark Souls and people are
yelling at us through the chat that
we're doing it wrong
it's really tough it was really tough
watching you play that I just need to
let you know that Sok intrigued me what
about what happened how how did I do
what I fuck up on here's here's what I
love is you were after a few deaths you
were kind of understanding yeah like you
were understanding the power so one of
the things that was bothering the crap
out of me was you weren't going in the
rooms with the power-ups and you had
keys yet you weren't going through the
golden doors to get the power-ups
because on every level there's a new
powerup and I was just like rich get the
fucking powerup and I was yelling chat I
even texted you okay because I because I
know your phone number I texted you go
in the fucking Golden Door it was great
but but then I also have to remember
that part of the fun of a game like The
Binding of Isaac is discovering all that
stuff it's like just this
covering through failure you know and so
like I pulled back a little bit but it
was really tough being on it but I think
he did good like at what your last run
you made it what like four level or no
wait you got to mom I got a beat mom
that's right all right just how hot is
that for my fourth run of the game
that's pretty good yeah I I'm gonna say
that's pretty good I think it took me a
little bit longer to to be I know
there's a lot more or that comes after
that tougher shit oh absolutely well you
need to beat mom for I want to say like
oh no cuz you already unlocked mom sorry
so yeah next time you go through and
then there's two more levels after mom
and another big endboss yeah yeah and
then once you beat that several times
there's even more and okay so it's like
it gets harder and harder but there's so
much talking bullshit and it's so weird
to see this in 3d you know does that
work it doesn't work as well as the 2d
top-down yeah like the older games you
kind of you have a better sense of your
area and your space and here the camera
is so fucking close to you it's hard
just to know where to go
Ryan from Michigan says wait oh I'm
reading the wrong comment but I'll read
his anyway since I spent like 10 minutes
dying a few times and they just pwned it
for the rest of the stream Oh for me
yeah what happened and I could I could
tell that you were really enjoying it
tractor choices rich is a little bit
country and Jack's a little bit rock and
roll
absolutely I think it's the other way
around you're a little bit rock and roll
rock and roll over that country I think
I'm a little more vanilla than you yeah
yeah I think so
we're just different I'm a little
harsher yeah yeah you're a dad that's
often do it potentially I didn't really
know you before you were a dad that's
true you don't you didn't know me that
was it I know that's really weird by the
way yeah for me
well a lot of my friends have known me
for a while yeah at Mike and Jane knew
me before well no I guess my good in
Mike and Jenna knew me when I was a dad
too oh yeah well they go there you go
you know I've friends that I still hang
out with it I've known since grade
school
so both Osmonds was last time you heard
Donny Osmond say it's 9/11 the students
themselves were responsible for
Columbine Donny Osmond that shit yeah I
don't think that's gonna happen jack has
always been a I have always been a dad
by the way even even before I was dead I
was a dad I was always the one I I have
I have a very strong paternal instinct
even before I was a father 9/11 was an
inside
aids oh my gourd god it's so much
talking fucking hate this give me my
fucking pokemons already are you
interested in listening to a podcast
with some new updates about the Toynbee
tiles
says mr. chai smile yeah yes I am
don't don't lick it in the check is
it'll just get lost send us a message
I actually am legit interested in that
if there's new information oh man that
Tony beets how documented was so neat
Tony beets Isles are some weird-ass
graffiti that have showed up in various
cities yeah around the world mostly in
mostly in the country stays Philadelphia
thing Chicago New York a lot a lot of
freaking places and it's literally tiles
with this strange strange s message
embedded into the concrete on the street
or sidewalk what was the message to it
they all say all some of them say
different things but they all start with
Toynbee idea resurrect dead on planet
Jupiter 2001 like would cut out in vinyl
tiles and cemented into the ground yes
and there was a documentary about these
because nobody had any idea who the fuck
is making them hmm and they'd been
appearing for like decades and so like
it was a group of people who just met on
the Internet and in other places have
been searching for the originator of
these tiles yeah it is and it's a it's a
free documentary you can watch it on
Vimeo right now for free and it is
beautiful it's really well made really
well made documentary and it's called
resurrect dead resurrected the Toynbee
tile story yeah definitely worth a watch
really fun I think I'm going to try to
get the $99 Black Friday 3d s is that
stupid with the switch coming out soon I
you know look at the games look at the
games man if if there's enough games on
the 3ds I mean there it's gonna 3d s is
gonna be around at least for another
year if there's enough if there's enough
games for it then fucking do it man I'll
be quite honest with you since I've had
the 3ds
ah it's making me love my Vita more well
that's a glowing recommendation right
there I I described Jax style as lesbian
dad yeah yes sure I think there are more
games I enjoy on the Vita then around
the three DS cuz the Pokemon why has not
been doing it for me
there's only so much Smash Brothers I
can play on the 3ds before my hand
cramps and the Mario games you know I
can play on my wii u I don't need them
so angry Jack I got the 30s and had a PS
TV then I got a video I'd like there's I
think there's better games on the Vita
wow I think they're armed
Wow I'm sorry stuff just Wow huh that's
just that's interesting like galena's no
and you know what link between worlds is
fun I don't know if that's a deal
breaker I think there's more like just
thinking about what's on the Vita on my
personal Vita right now I mean it's a
lot of games that are on PC but I can
also play on my Vita like risk of rain I
can play any time binding of issac which
is also on the 3ds but a really broken
ass version it's on the 3ds
so risk of rain binding of issac nuclear
throne the swapper spelunky crypt of the
necrodancer is on my Vita trying to
think of other games that are on maybe
death and a few other games that are on
my Vita that Oh what was that what's
that remember the the weird falling down
the pit game dumb well down down well is
on my Vita like Donnell's good down
wells good down was a great pick up and
play game are we looking forward to the
switch oh yeah I'm looking I'm looking
really forward to dealing with that
gimmick so I can play the two games that
come out for it then I'm actually going
to care about you know Nintendo's has to
sort out this whole third party support
situation they really do they really
need to sort that out they're probably
gonna have to get one at some point just
new Mario is gonna look funny yep no
maybe the Zelda will come out on it
someday and or maybe it'll just pick the
lane to the next time I try to do a new
system because it didn't sell as much as
they thought it would again ESS Mario
three Zelda games three Pokemon games
Xenoblade Xenoblade Chronicles etc it's
just too easy to choose the DES ya know
DS has some fines and fine games find
games and the DS has a slew of NES
titles SNES titles that you can play on
the DSO it's like there's there are good
reasons to get a 3ds personally I I
still play my Vita more and I understand
that might be different from some of you
but I'm like I'm not a friend I'm fond
of Smash Brothers I don't give a shit
about Mario Kart right Pikmin don't pick
my nose pink pickman's a real-time
strategy game so you probably won't yeah
Metroid whatever I love I love Metroid
I'm gonna play first-person shooter I
like I like the mouse right alright the
mouse that's that's important
no I I dig the gimmick I that's the one
thing the one thing that I both love and
hate about my veto is there are a ton of
games that have like Vita and ps4
support right so theoretically you could
start playing on your Vita save the game
and then pick up the same game on your
ps4 yeah and I love that idea
it doesn't always work there's a lot of
like janky cloud save bullshit in
between the two and so having it as just
one unit means that it will work all the
time and so I'm really excited about
that because I am a handheld gamer which
means I can play on my team I can play
Mario on my TV pause it pick up my
switch go to the bathroom continue
playing Mario whilst pooping save it go
back to my TV once I'm done an hour
later after my knees are so off yes
Super Metroid was great because that's
not a first-person shooter I need to
play with a gamepad right and nothing
against the 2d metroids but I don't
think there's a fancy 2d Metroid getting
ready to come out on the switch I can't
imagine and even if there was honestly
I'm not like a Metroid mega fan it
wouldn't be like oh god I need it I need
it I can be neat not oh my god we're
falling so somebody in the chat machine
the steam link we have a steam link I
gotta be honest I don't know what it
does for sure what's the steam link
doing a steam link is a way to play
Steam games like on your TV I have that
already it's called an HDMI cable for
some people who have their computer in a
different room than their main living
room so you have your computer like in
your office right yeah I put a steam
link in your living room hooked up to
your TV and it beams the signal the the
video signal tank okay I've heard it it
can get a little I mean my computer is
in the literal imagine cork goes right
to the TV right got one the what am i
compute Mario under the TV yep
for some people who don't do that the
steam link I've heard good things and
bad things but you know I've heard there
can be delays if your internet
connection isn't good enough and that's
unacceptable it's great in the bedroom
why am I playing why would have you
playing games in the bedroom you your
bedroom is for two things people this is
super important your bedroom is for
sleeping and maritals okay that's it I
could say it if I had like kids that I
wanted to get away from but I don't know
then you definitely don't want it in
your living room because then the kids
will watch no you're perfect Kara but
she doesn't give a shit if I'm playing a
game she's right you should not have a
TV in your bedroom it makes sleeping
harder yeah it's true some people Karen
yes she doesn't like any kind of she
likes to sleep and pitch quiet blackness
I don't yes I will go to sleep watching
TV we're gonna yeah always always crazy
lesson complete what kara watch it's
most times now but I mean right I don't
know what's happening in the game guys
were so sorry like if she's out of town
visiting her mother yeah um I'm sleeping
in the living room watching the TV
really yeah interesting very weird to me
that's very strange to me I need some
kind of noise or something when I go to
bed and otherwise it feels like I'm
gonna goddamn coughing oh maybe that's
why I like it
I can think about death that's what
happens it's horrible
that's when you get your best ideas
that's that's when all of the problems
in
the world and my life and mmm and death
that all comes to haunt me what about a
quiet dark room exactly I don't I can't
that's that's when you deal with your
demons night mom deal you got to deal
with your demons it's a perfect time to
do it
Oh I obtained a sparkling stone nice
problem what do you think too much as
you need ways to distract yourself from
thinking too much and that's where you
just lose your mind that's the hardest
I've been I think I mentioned this
before I'm taking November off of
drinking and that's the hardest part
like the first couple of weeks is you
know you usually have a beer or two
before you go to bed and like going to
bed and stone sober or you're just like
your brain starts buzzing yeah I've been
playing a little bit of a 3vs3 overwash
it's not it's debt it's different it's
nice that seems like it would be nice it
seems like it would be less of a
clusterfuck it is but it's it's and it's
more tense because it's also permadeath
oh you get one round and if you die
you're out for the rest of the round
yeah and so it is stressful but it's fun
it's it's really interesting we get a
new map for three versus three so just
smoke weed Jack no it's worse than weed
I think I've talked about this before
I'm I I was hugely paranoid on weed weed
is no good all right gobbledygook says
hey guys gobbledygook weird political
question related to Pokemon all right
now I'm in new it should games made in
foreign countries have a forty five
percent tariff on them and if so would
you pay over $100 for a pokemon game
they would you know what if it could
cost that much maybe they would set up a
manufacturing plant in the United States
to crank the game out that would be
interesting I know isn't that the thing
in Australia
isn't that why games in Australia are
ridiculously close not sure if that's
why I know they're ridiculously
expensive yeah
oh hello hello white hat lady why are
they playing a children's game this is
the hot new game man it's pokemons
we aren't playing anything jackass I'm
playing it I have my my 3ds here I I
don't know what the fuck is going on you
know what I don't know and I am playing
this on the 3ds you don't see me looking
at the 3ds because the capture card goes
right to the computer and there's it's
lag list capture and so I can just watch
it on TV which is actually really nice
just playing it on the TV so I can just
watch it right on the TV which is why
you see me looking at the TV but I do
have my 3ds here in front of me and the
shot you can send that link anyway I
just I find the toy be telling tales
interesting no even if it's not
completely new information as compared
to what was in the documentary it's fine
it's fine
when does the game start that's a great
question at this point in almost any
other Pokemon game I would already be
going through the bushes with my starter
program Pokemon I don't even have a
Pokemon yet how long have we been
playing obviously we're taking it we're
taking some breaks so like talk about
shit but like I have not been playing at
all and this fucking sucks
one minute start I wouldn't game stop
paying games right when was the game
part of the game such a low priority I
think thank you uncharted that's the
that's the real question is like why do
people want to play a Pokemon game well
I want to play with fucking pokemons I
don't care about this lady with the
white hat I don't care that I'm on an
island I don't care about sexy shirtless
professor I want a fucking Pokemon and I
want to fight other pokemons gosh darn
it I want to capture innocent cute
animals and force them to fight each
other yes Jack Hoffa that's exactly what
I want to do and this is so fucking
sucks aimless Corsair shows I think one
lesson I've taken from the u.s. election
and braixen yep
set people on both sides of the
political spectrum need to learn to
listen to each other's concerns without
resorting to house
Stella T yes and now for me
the you know people are passionate man
if you if you talk about politics and
the second thing on your mouth is you're
an idiot you're stupid you're horrible
well sure yeah you're gonna accomplish
nothing
III I'm just saying like you can't
expect no hostility passionate subject
Oh fuckin finally I get to choose my
goddamn Pocomoke a rich let's take the
seal we got it we got bow tie owl we got
we got kitty cat
Jody Creek prick bastard says Ludwig von
missus a fraud and we've known this
since the forties take the fucking seal
huh do it you wanted to see him I'm a
CSP which one award I said take the seal
I will take the dumb seal pop P blow
fucking look at a dumbass seal all right
shit they've given me the goddamn
decision all right great
it's just like the election my vote is
fuck you all right I'll take the
water-type you'll choose the water tank
pump up people oh yes you choose put
people oh great great we got a fucking
pup
I got that we got to see him oh that's a
good question yeah cuz I kind of know
the answer
Oh old handsaw says hi guys I just
re-watched best of the worst the Star
Wars Holiday Special episode oh great
that's a good one Jack yes who did you
have to kill to get that awesome diehard
sweatshirt lol gobble my giblet that is
a question I get often is where did you
get that awesome I have a gun now hohoho
sweatshirt rich would you like to tell
the story of that sweatshirt you you
tell the story I don't know the full
story
I know oh I thought I thought you
weren't well so they they will you
everyone had a fun Christmas sweater
right like but no you guys all had like
traditional Christmas gear I mean I
didn't even know I didn't even know at
the time yeah like as we filmed it I
thought everything was I thought it was
official
oh sure well and so apparently as an ode
to the greatest Christmas movie diehard
J wanted a now I have a gun hohoho
sweatshirt from die hard so he looked
online for a sweatshirt with that so you
could just buy it and get it with all
the other Christmas concerts but the
only ones they had online actually like
had die hard written on them fucking
ruined fucking ruined fucking ruined and
they looked awful and so what Jay did is
bought a gray sweatshirt and painted it
on him himself so I got that sweatshirt
from Jay and it looks so good I thought
it was official I thought it was
official product yes it looks way better
than any official product before that
sweatshirt and yeah Jay made it that's
where I got it he did a great job great
job yep why would you make that shirt
and print die hard under the whole whole
hope you could maybe a little die hard
like yeah I know it's dumb oh I should
name it Eloise Cole yes you're right
this will be my Pokemon Eloise Cole
bark-bark fucking it he accepted me I
don't care if he accepted me he's my
slave now he has to accept me that's how
fucking pokemons works
I put the pokemons in the ball and then
it's my slave am i spelling this right
Eloise
is that is that correct
evil kumquats and a we scold yes okay
great
does the knife stuck in the wall next to
the front door on the plank it said go
all the way through it does do you have
to avoid hitting it as you go pass
behind the set or is the tip cut off no
I just threw it through that through the
wall and we left it there that's that's
the story of the knife is it going so
far through that you heard you know it's
not I'm not sure it's going through the
styrofoam yes like a half inch thick
styrofoam wall there yeah I don't I
don't think it's sticking out further
than like the two inch plywood frame
yeah but still I suppose you could we
don't like we're always running behind
that wall you know and I'm just trying
to think of what's behind like what's
behind that wall is just another wall so
it's like there's no reason to actually
go back there what did i do did i mess
up the name i don't care have i ever
been injured on the Earlham set has
anyone I have one of the early early
half of the bags no I think was the
episode where the bricks were being
thrown through the window okay
mr. Plunkett walks in holding like a
ceramic train and then they throw the
brick and it hits the tray and smashed
the tray that cut up my finger really
fucking good oh it did it yeah oh shit
and it would not stop bleeding and
like I did what you're supposed to do
when you have a cup that won't stop
bleeding I was applying pressure and I
was holding it over my head because
that's what you're supposed to do and
like that just holding it over my head
my hand like that while I was no
bleeding yeah profusely was like a
irritating mikage a they wanted me to
get out of the room because I was making
them uncomfortable that sounds about
right I was I had like a blob of
bleeding that wouldn't stop right that
sounds exactly they cut me by throwing a
brick at me while I was holding a
ceramic platter that sounds exactly
right
I think I have also cut myself here at
the studio well something that you guys
probably know like is probably pretty
obvious is there's glass everywhere
in the studio everywhere and you know
what you guys do a really good job of
like sweeping and cleaning up but
there's glass everywhere because of some
one who drinks too much beer and throws
around beer bottles I won't say who that
would be inappropriate of me to say who
drinks too much beers and throws around
beer bottles but I think I stepped on I
stepped on a big piece of glass when
we're right through my shoe got me
pretty bad yeah
oh thanks my pop we blow does look
pretty cool great
troller Reptar says hey political
commentators hi that's us were you we're
the best political commentators ever
strongly recommend you check out the TV
show he expands it's a very cool new
hard sci-fi drama also please name your
most of that Pokemon
after me crow a raptor okay well we'll
see about that
the expanse is a great show I really
enjoy it it's a little cheesy but a
really good heart sign speaking of hard
science yeah I finally got to watch more
Westworld yeah you know you would love
Westworld yeah fucking hell tell me tell
me when the first season is done and I
will watch I binge watch yeah oh no and
you absolutely should have been binge
watching I'm five episodes in now and
the detail into the sci-fi of that world
is amazing like okay they're getting
into some weird like how they make the
artificial intelligence brain work it's
so fucking good West world is so fucking
great and I know there's not many
episodes out right now I think there's
only seven or eight and I'm five in and
it's just so great I'm enjoying it more
and more there's so many storylines
happening at once there's weird trippy
shit like timey shit it's great bring up
ash vs. Evil Dead I'm waiting to binge
it yeah it routes around in your mind
fuck yes it really does
all right here we go ooh Beastmaster ad
on the chat aside watch up to Episode
seven before recommending it fire
episode five and I recommend it fuck you
how about that I get water gun right off
the bat yay so Norton normally in the
pokémons games uh-huh
your starter Pokemon starts off with
like maybe one attack move and it's like
the most generic like pound or scratch
something like that you know so you can
like work up to the good moves but I
start
with fucking water gun against a
fire-type this is baby's first Pokemon
game right here water gun hype no cuz
I'm like I get I I'm going up against a
fire-type rival and water strong against
fire in the old Pokemon games your rival
would choose the Pokemon that you're
weak against you know to push you around
a little bit you got to earn you got to
earn your battles motherfucker well that
was great if I didn't finish it what I
recommend Mass Effect 3 actually if you
didn't finish it I would be like upset
that they like took away my story from
me and it was like didn't feel like my
character anymore Bioware Shepard he'll
do what we want to do there's a lot of
cancer in Mass Effect 3 that's not
related to the ending okay you seven a
book 9 says gentlemen dad mum
well the contentious debate and divisive
rhetoric the past couple of weeks I feel
the need to finally make my voice heard
on a very popular topic ok great
pineapple is a great pizza topping well
you're wrong you're wrong and that's why
we stopped talking about it because
you're wrong there's no debate you
pineapple on pizza it's it's the worst
on pizza oh I see that rada scopic is
asking if we I have not played the
beginner's guy the beginners guide from
the guy who played Stanley parable but I
did put it on my list the beginner's
guide rich hmm to watch the guy the
people who made Stanley parable oh I've
made a new game oh called The Beginner's
Guide called The Beginner's Guide ok and
we should end at put it on our list of
things to play maybe so I'm sure the
Stanley parable is even a game but it's
interesting it holds your attention it's
I mean it's I think it's a game there's
interaction it's a game that we can
never ever stream because it would ruin
it if you want to consider it a walking
simulator it's actually what I like I
guess you could
debatable it's well it's not exactly
linear it's it's a game it's the the
game in the game is about ignoring the
game that's what but the trick is you
can't write you can never escape the
exactly it asked you to try and you can
never do it it never asks you to try to
ignore the game temperature - it tempts
you to ignore the game which is what
makes it a brilliant game about ignoring
a game but you can never beat the game
which again makes it brilliant you're
rescued yeah rescued me no pint a
pineapple pineapple is this is too sweet
to sweets pizzas and Avery I know why
the fuck would you want sweetness on
your pizza fucking weird like we get
enough sweetness from the tomatoes times
different because I like this sort of
sweet on a pizza that's different
oh look at me you might well you might
as well dip your cookies and ketchup
Californian pizzeria yeah it's gonna be
called cookies and ketchup that's gonna
be your signature dessert actually on
the pizza a pizza with pineapple
Canadian bacon and and cookies with
ketchup we got rid of a tradition of
marinara sauce and we use ketchup Oh
cookies sweet and savory can be a good
combination I don't think it works on
pizza because once you add in the
sweetness of the tomato sauce then you
get too sweet
what game is where you were talking we
were talking about the Stanley parable
the Stanley parable which is a game
about ignoring the game but trying to
break the game yes the game the
unofficial game of Stanley parable is
about trying to break the Stanley
parable even though they expect you to
try to break it and you never can and
it's it's one of the greatest games ever
and we can never stream it because that
would ruin everything for you it has a
free demo that is entirely different yes
I'm the main game and you can and yes
play it play it the Stanley parable play
it the beginner's guide is you know who
knows they can't everyone's gonna
everyone's going to compare it to the
Stanley parable hold on hold on Tybee
react is saying a tacitly incorrect
thing which is the worst thing I ate in
the US was chicken with waffles then you
ate the wrong fucking thing here's
here's here's a situation where sweet
and savory can meld perfectly so one of
my favorite places to eat when I'm in
Los Angeles is Roscoe's chicken and
waffles okay and you get you know a
deep-fried chicken breast or whatever on
top of a big old waffle and you get like
this crunchy savory chicken breast and
the super sweet waffle and you know you
start normally you start like waffle and
syrup and your chicken breast comes with
some hot sauce chicken and hot sauce
then maybe you dip the chicken in the
sear ah crazy then you dip the waffle in
the hot sauce and it's the greatest
thing fucking ever
chicken and waffles is great and that is
an instance in which sweet and savory
can meld together okay probably probably
because the the sweetness of syrup is
like a deep sweetness and so it melds
with the the savory whereas like a
pineapple sweet is really tart sweet so
anyway sorry anam night that's fine
anonymous mama says someone recently
reminded me not special the Mortal
Kombat Theme song to the movie is Mortal
Kombat what are your thoughts to the
film dude why do you like it do and who
are your favorite character cast again
your might do honestly i've test your
might I forgotten almost everything
about the film Jack the Mortal Kombat
film yeah except the song the song is
the only memorable thing about them I
just like it don't they halfway through
the song just like name characters okay
so I think so Luke Cage Raiden here's
what I remember about the Mortal Kombat
movie I was really excited about it
obviously because you know like I played
the game but not only that because the
girl who was the the main girl in Billy
Madison was Sonya
the actress who played the girl in Billy
Madison with Sonya and you know I was
pretty young at the time so I was like
ooh this attractive lady is going to be
Sonya that's so hot but uh Luka K oh not
loo K sorry I'm Johnny Johnny Cage wait
why did you choose this sweetheart
because it's cool yeah who's that
actresses name Bridget Wilson is that it
yeah it was basically boobs that's why I
was excited just babes can I can I go
fucking fight other Pokemon now no I'm
gonna have a difficult time Tybee react
with cars 3 because there is already a
movie called cars 3 if anyone remembers
the vaguely familiar if anyone remembers
the famous internet video get out your
fucking checkbook by Bobby hacker mmm no
it's just it's like a used car salesman
and he just repeats get out your fucking
checkbook and it gets all weird and shit
ok
this guy Bobby hackers made a series of
these videos culminating in a movie Cars
three that was actually put out and
distributed by Troma and like there's
this whole story behind the movie and I
would love for them to actually make
some sort of documentary about it
Patton actually Patton Oswalt had
something to do with the movie is uh in
any case so there's already a movie
called called cars three that I own that
is you know in my movie collection right
now so when the other cars three comes
out it's gonna be weird but hey miss
Pixar good pick they're not not
non-sequel Pixar yeah so finding dory
the other day Karen really wanted to
wash it oh yeah it's not the worst
that's not the worst it's the worst
there's nothing special about it okay
there's not a single single thing about
finding Dory that's special and amazing
no the it's it's a movie entirely
entirely dependent on your love for the
first movie yeah yeah yeah I think it's
awful I really think finding Dory is
awful
however everything that like made Dory's
character like fun and weird and and and
funny in the first movie they explained
in the second movie and it makes it
incredibly less fun and weird and funny
like her her talking to whales he's a
really good joke in Finding Nemo like
she can talk to whales but she just kind
of like says English but in whale talk
yeah that's a funny joke that's a plot
point in finding dory that's dum-dum
inside out is great i think great
stretching it inside out was fine it
said out it's fine i I like inside out
more than finding Dora as I think
finding Dory is bad fucking fucking
fucking fuck let me go fight fucking
pokemons
and I know very little about the cars
three trailer people on the chatter
saying it's dark could be who cares okay
I mean yo Wally's I mean Incredibles yes
the best best Wally is beautiful as much
as I love the Incredibles
yeah I don't know Wally and even up our
fuckin great I put Wally above up purely
like up tears me up and I'm not even
just talking about the opening Oh No the
payoff near the end yes I know exactly
the thing yep that tears me up yes that
gets me every fucking time yeah yep
absolutely absolutely
now up is gray up is I actually I think
up is a really underrated Pixar I mean
in the Pixar universe yeah I think I
think it's people consider that to be
mid tier Pixar when it should be top -
the eggs are you know what I'm saying
and I love the Incredibles incredible
Cernan those three movies are all
fantastic incredible Zwolle a fantastic
movie so absolutely absolutely what was
the last movie I got teary-eyed during
it was probably up man up was nominated
for bit maybe I don't know I guess I get
the I get the impression that up is
underrated you know what I think
ratatouille has some strong points I
don't think like an in the grand scheme
of things no no no he's doing this
fucking fucking fuck man you know what's
the under a Pixar movie rats it to it
yeah like I could see that ratatouille
is not necessarily a kids movie you know
and it's not quite deep enough to be an
adults movie I just don't get the appeal
of ratatouille
what do you mean like what's good about
it um I don't know it's interesting just
you know someone vaguely amusing it's
not it's not up there with the best of
the Pixar's no no it's it's it's like
they were trying to make another artsy
Pixar film but they were trying too hard
well you know what I think like you know
it's a smaller movie it's it's no pun
intended because it's about Iran but you
know like it's just it's just a very
small simple movie unlike their other
grand grandiose adventure movies you
know there's about a right right cooking
you know it's not it's not an epic
adventure but you know no one talks
about brave and I think it won Best
Animated Oscar very forgettable brave
brave was terrible
brave was brave felt like a DreamWorks
film right it's very standard so like so
standard that that it gave like what I'm
making she would brave is like should
click any while you're talking oh thank
you shit the big issue with brave was
that the main character almost had
nothing to do with the plot like you
know people told her where to go people
told her how to feel people told her how
to solve the problem that was my biggest
problem a brave Jesus Christ I get
potions and pokeballs right off the bat
and the fuck I think it's happening to
rich okay someone up time someone up
time me exclamation point up time
you can do it yeah one hour and nine
minutes before I can catch a fucking
pokemon be fair yeah a lot of time we
were talking and not hitting the a
button probably but an hour okay okay
approximately an hour before I can just
walk around and catch a fucking Pokemon
this is Islam Sam pick a peak I was
clicking a while we were talking about
Trump and shit
Wow what'd I do wxs I like my PSVita
Jack yeah do you ever use the ps4 remote
play you can play your ps4 games
anywhere on the go including DC Universe
Online and it's free you fucks um I
tried it a couple times and there was
just too much lag with the stuff I was
playing so I haven't done it often
honestly that many ps4 games that I play
really just blood-borne yeah and
blood-borne would be a terrible one to
do that with actually I think I tried it
with blood-borne just to like test it
out and the lag was too much for me
oh my playstation 3 died the other day
oh I'm sorry
cuz Karen was playing planet coaster and
I couldn't use my computer yeah
so I you know I went to play some
vanquish and it kept randomly crashing
on me Oh
so I actually spent $150 to get a new a
ps3 oh did you yeah yeah and I got I got
I do have a lot of PlayStation 3 games I
don't know how many of them I'm going to
play with any regularity that aren't
vanquish yeah so feel really Stu
but when it comes to steam sure sure I
went to the GameStop Oh and they had
some deaf he tried to tell me you
couldn't switch out the hard drives just
like you this one's got the bigger hard
drive like you know why I got a hard
drive at home but it's fine you can't
move it over like no I know you can
because that's what I did with my old
one used to have a much smaller driving
we owe the reformatting I can back up
the data look the up self with a 500 gig
you trying to sell me it's only 20 bucks
you're only gonna get yourself an extra
20 bucks by lying to me about switching
out a PlayStation 3 hard drive that's
his job man great
woody this is Maya this is my new
pokémon's woody more grass Oh a Pokeball
Oh Dolan would have been a nice name too
who do we get oh look at this fucker go
Eloise Cole look at this guy he's
mean-looking he's mean-looking
everything's giving taco salad Tuesday
happy Thanksgiving to everyone you know
I'm doing something different for
Thanksgiving this year I don't know if
I've talked about this don't you have it
usually I like to deep fry a turkey
because that's the best way to have
Turkey is you know you should deep fry
it but deep frying is is really tough
like it takes a lot especially in the
cleanup you got a deal with a lot of oil
a lot of used oil that you can't do much
with and so we are instead of turkeys
this year I'm making steaks
really I'm just making steaks on the
grill just fucking fuck it why do we got
to do turkey that's my question why why
turkey think about that
and what the Karen's mothers recently we
celebrated Thanksgiving early okay
and we said Pizza okay her mother really
likes the pizza they sold this local
place or just got that that's behind
that's fine
Thanksgiving man things be a changin you
know I don't think turkeys nut you know
you know what we did growing up for
Thanksgiving my mother hates
Thanksgiving she hates it
she she's never come over for
Thanksgiving because Thanksgiving is her
day just to do whatever so here's what
we did growing up for Thanksgiving
we got McDonald's and watch movies all
day that was it yeah that was all of our
Thanksgiving and it's pretty nice spend
all day watching movies eat McDonald's I
like to cook how I'll always call garuda
seven great you guys have an obsession
with deep-frying over there well yes
because deep fried food is good be fried
food is good motherfucker look at this
thing what are we gonna name this one
rich but but great turtle the wife says
is it now Canada mr. blinken fucks his
own adult diapers once full yeah sure
why not
scatting so important to kept in the
pack you know can't can't disregard that
cannon
I have willy nilly I have over the years
I have logged the several continuity
complaints with Jay and Mike and they
haven't they don't seem to care about
any of them when I died on that show
that's it I'm gone for good
tits 84 says that's Titus but I wanted
to say tits a boy but it's Titus 84 Jack
I'm Jack in your younger years yes well
you ever stoned and in your clown getup
at the same time this is a fine question
I approve as a fine question I like I
would love to on the spot make up a
story and lie to you and say yes but the
real answer is no I would love to have a
I would love to have a story about me hi
my clown getup but unfortunately no
that's a yes evil Lord David says hey
Jack David here hi Dave
don't let the slow easy start for you
this game is a lot like a marriage it
feels easy at first but as soon as you
get comfortable it becomes much more
difficult I hope good good I'm having
I'm having a real issue with Pokemon why
is my is is my big thing Pokemon why has
been far too easy I'm I'm on like the
fifth gym leader and I'm steamrolling
everyone I come across and team
composition doesn't really seem to
matter and there's a lot of old Pokemon
so like even catching new Pokemon
doesn't seem to matter so it's just one
of the has BEC word to your mother I
used to be a clown for a few summers I
was a professional clown I clowned at
children's birthday parties and events
and such I was even in a couple I'm
sorry I was even in a couple parades as
a clown I was a professional clown which
is why they're asking if I've ever and
and I used to get high separately from
manga club so that's why they're asking
if I ever got high as a clown what do I
need what do I name the Caterpie what
her name chat or donating the Caterpie
first good name I see name it clowned
sure yeah that's the little ball on top
of the pointy hat it's sideways oh you
know what that's better
okay let's see if can we do that try it
see if it works on the desk that's what
I'm seeing might not look right here
there's no asterisk
there's no asterisk oh there is
so asterisk oh here we go here's a bunch
of symbols I don't know if you got that
yes that's vital did you need the pointy
hat I'm looking while you're doing that
gobbledygook says Gabaldon cooks please
stop miss categorizing cali pizza it's
defined as a personal pizza with that's
covered up by the finger it's defined as
a personal pizza with local fresh
ingredients like fresh tomatoes onions
artichokes olives and onions popularized
by California Pizza Kitchen okay it just
seems like pineapple and Canadian bacon
is something they would eat in
California it just seems that way I
liked the little Kahn symbol but uh they
didn't have it so I just went back to
clowned okay that does seem like a
California thing pineapple and I know
that type Foods is called a Hawaiian
pizza right but it just sounds like
something that would even California
yeah mr. California Pizza would have
some sort of avocado on it they love
avocados umberto Cabbage Patch says
Kimble dark cabbage by the 20th
anniversary of Space Jam was a few days
ago when can we expect a review no idea
I don't believe it's in the works
Space Jam the most important movie ever
made
take that you piece of shit worm movies
where you learn well maybe Michael
Jordan can do something wrong hate is a
popular movie wasn't it I don't know
probably I don't remember
Oh Michael Jordan I remember liking the
McDonald's commercials they were based
off of more
the movie was based off the series of
commercials where Michael Jordan Charles
Barkley and I believe the bird
Larry burger bird would play basketball
with like Bugs Bunny and okay nice the
television nice god-emperor nerd says
yeah I used to manage to bleep pizza
place you would make all sorts of
bizarre creations for ourselves
you think pineapple is weird I made a
patent I'd pizza that was awesome
cilantro shrimp tofu excellent around
mmm listen I've had some weird-ass pizza
and you know it can work my my issue
with the pineapple pizza is that it is a
it is a tart sweetness that I don't
think meshes well even with the tomato
sauce that's the real problem is just
the tert sweetness with the tomatoes in
general put anything else beyond it you
want it's too sweet too sweet Mike used
to work that thing someplace
yeah I remember our story is about a
meatball then falling like on the floor
behind a cow or a counter and it's
started to turn green and there was
constant constant joking threats to put
it on a pizza oh yeah oh man I stopped
eating there yeah yeah you want to do
that okay this story about a co-worker
that had locked himself in the restroom
and was threatening to slash his wrists
for this car keys for any particular
reason
drama queen I know him there's fucking
drama queen gotcha gotcha
gobbledygook says again we do not grow
pineapples here in California it is not
our pizza that is Hawaiian style pizza
like spam and POI please view this hey
Kiwis better than me
is trying to make a snide comment I'd
already scrolled them say said hey Jack
complained about the game taking so long
to start and now he's hanging out in the
same patch of grass for a half an hour
that's the fucking game man you go
through the grass and you see what
pokemon are in there I reach once I
reached a point of catching all the
Pokemon now I'm moving on
how about you settle the fuck down cuz
now I'm playing the game I'm catching
all the Pokes mamas yeah seems very
exciting now it's getting exciting look
I'm coming a battle now use my water gun
there's your Bhumi okay good look what's
that a Rattata
oh that's the they really copped out in
this game with the new Pokemon it's just
the old Pokemon but like this is a
Rattata which already exists in the
Pokemon universe but it's got a little
mustache because it's in a loja a Tana
it's a Hawaiian Ratana so it's a magnum
p.i Rattata Oh Tom Selleck motherfucker
over new blade says what are your top 5
picks our films of all time and when
we're on an animation topic what are
your favorites to do did you bleed
Ghibli Miyazaki movies do you have a top
5 or have you only seen a few how do you
know if you can't every pokemon in there
right you don't really but you know I
was I was running across the same three
and usually there aren't any like secret
Pokemon in the first grass patch so you
know that's probably the first three
sometimes in areas they have like rarer
pokemons I will only show up like one in
20 or something like that and so you
just keep on you keep on going in the
same area over and over like go in
circles you walk in circles and take it
the right Pokemon buttons you know I
know 3ds fancy at all yeah this looks so
much less efficient and useful than the
2d top-down the 2d temp done it's way
better
you can't you get to see more of the
area you get a better sense of where you
are this is this is limited this looks
like a bad idea I think it is I do think
it is Nintendo does not oh wait don't
want to fight you yet
top five Pixar films do you have well
get lead you believe Miyazaki Emma
that's just to me that's just to you
Totoro my neighbor totoro is up there
Ponyo I love Kiki's Delivery Service
Howl's Moving Castle and spirited away
I'm probably forgetting some no that's
five you can't find a bad one there's no
there's no bad ones Studio Ghibli films
okay is that is the moral of the story
Pixar you've got the top three I don't
know how to rank them and it breaks my
heart when I even think about it right
wilee up and The Incredibles are all
fucking fantastic kind of fond of
monsters incorporated yeah that might
that might make my fourth slot I don't
know what is the fifth what does the
fifth Pixar film can we agree on the top
three if not their order what do you got
wall-e up and The Incredibles absolutely
and then three Monsters Inc Finding Nemo
I guess I I if we can we clump all the
toy stories together like cannot three
stories fine always I mean it doesn't
touch up wall-e or the Incredibles oh no
I'm just I'm thinking employes I might
like Toy Story better than monsters I'm
finding monsters I'm really fun of
Monsters Inc monsters pretty good
monsters it's pretty good
monsters pretty good I don't know if if
if it's better I want to move my Pokemon
well that's why Toy Story is better than
Incredibles and monsters is Luke's 72w
you are allowed to feel that way my
opinion is different
Toy Story 2 is flawless
I had to rewatch Tori's too because did
not stick with me toy toy choice - I
don't know if people know this Toy Story
2 actually started its life as a
direct-to-video sequel and throughout
production they've realized like yeah
this is kind of alright we could
probably make money off of a real
feature and they had to rewrite large
sections of it to make it a real feature
Toy Story is pretty good no they're
gonna say I hate Toy Story why do you
hate Toy Story rich even though I don't
hate Toy Story
I like Toy Story you just don't put it
up there or what the time I fix our
films um
so I'm the monster I might put toy
starting the top 5 I agree with you I
agree with you at the top 3 got a
ballute wow those are the top 3 monsters
is pretty good might be monsters in Toy
Story then for me for my other two I'm
Tracy I'm trying to think of other ones
bug's life
oh the cars moving I think cars gets a
lot of flack and I don't think that's
deserves the first card cards cars to is
junk garbage monster University I didn't
see that one garbage the other sequels
they made ratatouille no it's not that
was a sequel but ratatouille yeah right
- it's fine yeah fine it's fine that
goes below the Toy Story films I think
right - it goes below it does a bug's
life it goes below the Toy Story films
yeah I haven't seen the dinosaur one Oh
a good dancer it's man I haven't seen
any of the cars films car cars one
it's a bad rap yep and I think it's
alright
I think brave out of the ones I've seen
brave is on the bottom car worthless out
of the ones I've personally seen cars -
goes right there goes right the fuck to
the bottom cars - is is pandering
nonsense but uh and then brave is right
above it ratatouille is a fantastic
message of the other we shouldn't
prejudge a rat who knows how to cook
it's the main message at the at the end
is is ya letting go of preconceived
notions not judging a book by it's cover
it's you know Bret ratchet - is is a
good movie it's you know I don't think
it's better than Toy Story I don't think
it's better than Monsters Inc you know
what ratatouille might be like six for
me maybe six I'm not sure where I put I
came around the dam named the inside-out
Oh
this summer middle that you know what
and now there's just too many of them to
even remember - right insiders it's it's
just fine like I I feel like they
handled the message of inside out a
little sloppily if that makes any sense
yeah I I love the message of inside-out
which is basically you which is
basically you have to be okay with
sadness sometimes and I think that's
such an important message and it's
really good but I feel like I don't know
doesn't mean much to me I made peace
with sadness alone
one time ago Jack it's important for the
kids the kids need to know that it's
okay to be sad Paperman does the best
Pixar short that Pixar never made about
making the paper airplanes yeah yeah
it's going I'm waiting for a feature
with that animation so god damn it
oh yeah Jack when your kids are
teenagers you're not going to give two
shits about new animated movies that's
very possible gobbledygook
a very very possible what couldn't get
away well then fuck you Caterpie oh yeah
watch a lot of animated movies cuz I got
kids you know that's what they watch
they love them I fuckin love animated
movies we've been we've been opening an
opening up their horizons and letting
them watch some like pg-13 movies now
and they still would rather watch
animated movies you know hey man what
you want to watch you want watch fucking
Captain America yeah what about trolls
fuck yo kids Oh
- mage says hi a few questions and
advice hmm
update on pass through copy question
Burke copy Kyle are you we have one oh I
don't know do we have a copy pastor I'm
assuming we do I know where to get one
don't know and I wouldn't worry about it
yep
update on project report I don't believe
there are any updates the the only
update I have is a Mario Mario sent me a
message yesterday saying that he's
working on it so the update is it still
happening yeah Thursday stream question
mark if I do it's certainly not gonna be
all day I mean I'm gonna do things with
Karen right I'm gonna get dinner
somewhere yeah
and sit down watch some movies some
stuff she wants to watch absolutely take
the day I presume at some point this is
all presumption on my point okay at some
point she's gonna start playing planet
coaster and that's the world would no
longer exist
yes now if this happens at some point
yeah I might come to the studio and play
some max come okay because I can't play
XCOM at home when she's playing planet
coaster in a zone on my computer right I
really I just got a new graphics card
you know that somebody was nice enough
in the chat to send her their old
computer yes yeah I remember it still
doesn't have a graphics card that's up
to planet coaster I just borrow one oh
okay I was watching a little bit of that
planet coaster there was a lot of shit
happening like and everybody's a 3d
character oh yeah yeah I bet that would
take a lot of processing power
absolutely
it's kind of impressive yeah absolutely
yeah it's okay if Mario Mario is here
listen Mario Mario and uh and Oh bother
are helping us out and you know they've
given us a timeline everything's fine
leave mine where I never said it wasn't
I'm just saying at the point in the day
when Karen starts playing that I might
come over here and just start streaming
well in what literally not guarantee
literally last minute decision what you
are saying is planet coaster is so much
fun you won't be able to hang out with
Karen anymore because she to absorb the
game right yes so you were saying the
opposite of what they were accusing you
yes yes
no it's our that you have the the reason
we are not announcing what Project
Hornet is yet if it might come to
nothing it might be a spectacular
failure probably the most likely outcome
actually it or it might be a success and
we don't want anyone to steal the idea
so
either way
