Episode 683
Everspaced out... man. (part 1)
December 23, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h60mmnzRT74
___________________________________________

hello everybody we're playing ever space
a game that certainly does not take
place in space maybe maybe it takes
place in life subspace some some kind of
alternate universe with different
physics it takes a wildly different
physics subspace these are like our
neuron but electricity firing what the
fuck is subspace the space in between
atoms
that's just space microbes bitch it
takes place in micros it's just space
what just space is still space but it's
smaller you know what it's it's in space
but it's like lower than space
how's that how's the game now everybody
thank you we could probably probably
know Mike's a fine yes game is laughing
alright the game is now well I'll turn
the sound effects down to this is
probably gonna be a lot of pew pew you
know there now games should be
reasonable so how's everyone doing
hi everybody
same old racket Wonder Woman does look
promising I fear that Schneider is gonna
poke his fingers in there a little too
much of course yes
and gonna be fine it won't be it won't
be enough to save the overall DC
Cinematic Universe because the other
movies suck so far unless well they mess
up Superman and Batman but there's so
many other good DC characters
well sure there's um there's Wonder
Woman
she's pretty interesting flash you could
get one movie out of flash you can get
one good movie out of Flash it's kind of
run really fast to do something in the
sequel he's got a run really fast gotta
run faster than he's ever run before
when he's got a run faster than he's
ever done before
yeah basically can a DC Universe
cinematic or otherwise work without a
strong showing from Batman or Superman I
won't even say and I'll say or no I mean
of course not the answer is yeah sure
that's your backbone beg boon your booth
boom like I might have worried about the
same thing with with Marvel when they
didn't have spider-man or the x-men
uh-huh but though they totally pulled it
off oh it's much to the shock of
everyone they pulled it off right they
pulled it off with that with Iron Man at
the time was not a very popular
character I mean I know this is a
controversial statement I know I think
this is a stronger roster just in
general even though then I'd know
Captain America is not a super popular
as spider-man right this is not bad
character Captain America is a good
carry yeah yeah like Captain America
Iron Man I've got a shot of course
everyone was shocked thinking then again
that's how much that is Robert Downey
jr. you know I mean besides 100% besides
just 100% well see for four decades
Ironman looks stupid in the comics yep
like he's got a robot suit and it looks
like he's worried she's got a goofy claw
thing uh-huh it's like he looks like a
it looks like he's wearing a fucking
like tights
why would you have a character called
Ironman in the comic listen for 40 years
he was wearing would look like tights by
the way and boots like he had laid boots
with with the old leg boot flap like the
leather flap but he's make a fucking
robot man right right no remember Iron
Man was a surprise
I admit it was a surprise even to Marvel
Studios who who debuted with The
Incredible Hulk
or tried to trying to debut with the
Incredible Hulk but then that movie
underperformed and ran Robert Downey jr.
was discovered before the movie they
rebooted Iron Man in Afghanistan to look
Matt I I know in recent years even
before the movie he was starting to look
like a robot costume I'm just talking
about like from your from like the 60s
through the 80s Iron Man look like man
in tights and it was dumb mama says Jack
hi what did you think of the CW DC
crossover event last week speaking of DC
man let's talk about DC let's talk about
I just did let's talk about the DC doing
their universe right and that is the
arrowverse okay fucking die already so
the arrow verse is the arrow on CW the
flash on CW yeah
Supergirl now on CW and the legends of
tomorrow on CW legends of tomorrow
well fuck is that the legends of
tomorrow is like what's because like
arrow and flash are already the B team
yeah so what's what's worse than that
like the the Zeta team you know
challenges of the unknown probably
they're the predecessors of the F but if
you don't see us though what like what
tier is fuckin Constantine on a cult I
know I don't
yeah I suppose he's different he's gonna
be very popular amongst a certain number
of fans okay so the legends of tomorrow
our cast-off heroes from already be list
show yes like true be list you're going
something like speedball smith well so
like I consider flash and arrow to BB
list heroes you know them yeah
they aren't like therefore they're
pretty popular but they're narrow yes
flash no yeah I guess flashes a man
player but I guess you are right
so the legends of tomorrow are the white
canary the atom nuclear man captain
animo not captain maybe captain atom
it's the one where it's two guys and
they fused together by hearse tire storm
nice rich good good memory um fireball
who just has a fire gun he's just a
regular dude with a fire gun captain
cold who as as you know just a regular
dude with a nice gun and Rory the Time
Lord who can't be called the Time Lord
because that's a Doctor Who fan so he's
a he's a Time Master okay and he they
travel through time and like solve time
anomalies try to saying flash is a list
and I agree with that sentiment flash is
a list you know what I can I can I can
agree with that DC is a list you got
Batman Superman Wonder Woman Green
Lantern the flesh sure you know what I
can be with them I'm gonna be okay with
that I'm gonna be okay with that so
that's that's the arrow verse arrow
flash Supergirl legends of tomorrow yeah
and in classic comic book fashion what
do they do to to encourage other books
motherfuckin crossovers yeah started in
Supergirl
where all of a sudden at the end of a
Supergirl episode the flash shows up out
of nowhere and they're in different
dimensions so he showed up out of a
different dimension right and they're
like Supergirl we fuckin we need some
help man and super girls like down so
they go to the flash universe right
the flash and and it's an alien invasion
I have a brief question okay why are
they in different universes why even
bother with that
was it because CBS yes because
technically they started on different
networks and now they're on the same
network I can only assume that they're
going to find some sort of way I have a
prediction yeah
crisis and infinite arrowverse they will
eventually merge them yes for
convenience saying of course we're
already like the they've uh they've are
they're already starting tomorrow like
we're doing flashpoint right now we're
like we're dealing with multiple
timelines how this arrow handle this
flash time changing nonsense uh here's
the fun thing it crosses over so so the
flash went back and now viewed the
delivery coordinates on the matter thank
you
the the the flash went back in time and
changed a bunch of shit yeah and a bunch
of shit changed in the arrows universe
too like the arrows main sidekick had a
daughter and all of a sudden after
flashpoint he has a son that would be
very confusing if I were just a fan of
arrow that would be obnoxious I'm not
kidding yeah I'm not kidding
yeah you kind of gotta pay attention to
them all what am I supposed to do here
tell me to go here I see that you're
afraid
but it's neat yeah and well I think they
explained it I think they they have a
little a little thing where they explain
it what what do you want me to do turn
back all right
where does ace the bat-hound fit into DC
hierarchy footnote there's no no list at
all just footnote ace the bat-hound
occasional reference with like something
like Batman Beyond whereas dog it's just
called ace okay ace the bat-hound okay
it's footnote footnote I feel justified
there you go
okay so there's an alien invasion on
earth on flash and arrows earth yep and
they can't handle that shit so they go
to get Supergirl and the legends of
tomorrow so they can all fucking hell
what the hell was that and and it it
spans four episodes so it's the very end
of the Supergirl an entire flash episode
of the entire arrow episode and an
entire legends of tomorrow episode okay
and here's here's how big a deal the
legends of tomorrow are even in their
own episode they're like side carry yes
it's all about the fucking flash and
arrow like even in like for the the
episodes dedicated the flash like oh
it's the flash crew but the arrow is
there and legends tomorrow they're super
girls there but it's like mainly the
flash girls yeah same with the arrow
crew like we deal with a lot of arrow
shit
other people are in the background in
the legends of tomorrow episode they're
still in the fuckin background nobody
cares about the legends of tomorrow
that's sad this head it's I mean it's
hilarious they're just the worst cancel
so it was neat I really I really enjoyed
it
I don't watch legends of tomorrow so
some of the things I was really confused
about
but I picked it up and it was a really
fun episode because that's it's it's in
the air over they have fun with it flash
is a really fun show Supergirl is a
really fun show yeah
and arrow takes itself really seriously
and it's a brooding like old low like
like a hard on its sleeve like way over
the top
trashy sleazy yeah but the universe
knows it and so like the flash and
Supergirl make fun of them and it's
hilarious it's great so it was it was a
super fun time I just finished it this
weekend and and and I really enjoyed it
okay but but here's a here's a case
where they're doing it right with their
crossover stuff everybody had their own
shit first right like like the Marvel
movies everyone gets their own movie
first and then they come together here
flash actually did start off in the
error verse as a minor character but he
had his own show but it's like everyone
has their own corner that they can
always go back to to build their own
character then when they come together
it's a big event you can't start with
the event movie like DC like DC and
they're going from one event movie like
DC movies right and then like Batman vs
Superman we're going right from that
sure we have Wonder Woman but then we go
right into Justice League yeah so it's
like fuck man
event movie two event movie I said
Batman vs Superman was an event movie
that's what I'm saying yeah okay it's an
event movie and then the Justice League
is another even yeah don't give a shit
you don't give a shit but I do
all right just let all the stuff up
anyway I
I really like the arrow verse except for
a legends of tomorrow which I gave a
chance and hey cuz how does flash feel
this time-travel shenanigans --is has
wiped somebody's daughter clean out of
existence no that was actually that's a
big a big character piece this not just
not just the daughter another person to
has died because of the yeah because of
his messing with the time shenanigans
well and so like that's his big struggle
this this season is like I've killed
someone it's like you didn't kill them
they're just dead in this timeline yeah
but I made the timeline so I killed them
and so it's like it's a it's a whole
thing
school actually the real fun part of the
crossover is the legends of tomorrow
time travel as a job yeah and so like
them like talking to the flash about
like the dangers of time travel like it
all works together and someone who's
really mad at the flash for messing with
the timeline went back in time with the
legends it's tomorrow
and actually messed with the timeline
it's like oh shit I did it too I guess I
can't be mad at flash anymore which is
great you know alright
yeah it works it works because they're
having so much damn fun with it and
that's the real and they can get away
with it because DC just doesn't care
enough to fuck it up right right this is
like television we don't make money on
television let them do what they want
and so they're just having fun in their
own little corner they're just having
fun in their own little corner but one
one of these days though what happened
what a game the the real problem is when
when we start into these movies again
like we have a flash movie that
apparently is going to happen one of
these days even though it lost its
second director and the flash is a very
popular TV show and it seems like both
flashes are playing the character very
similarly
and so it's like for anyone like me
who's a fan of the flash TV show I'm
just going to watch the movie and be
okay he's not playing shit
Donal Wesson's
paralyzed Aquaman's solo movie
hahahahaha got an official release date
still want to see a moon night movie
that would be awesome the new 2000
series has been great Michael Shannon
has the lead awesome what the fuck would
anybody want to see a moon night movie
like what do you want what do you want
to see lame Batman you know baby you
just want to see a good Batman movie the
Marvel Universe is strong enough they
don't they don't need a Batman knockoff
they don't need a Superman knock off
either get the Sentry out of her tell
them to go home the century a century is
that mr. Brandt that's the marvel
Superman Wow who they didn't need i
guess though to be fair he's kind of
crazy so it's like Superman if he were a
little bit crazy oh that's fun you know
what that is that's just fun
daredevil was the Batman knockoff
daredevil is significantly different
yeah Daredevils got something green
arrow is the Batman knockout shit oh
shit
Oh a lot of the early DC heroes were
millionaire playboy yep Sean says Sean I
don't understand my flash catches so
much shit for travel traveling through
time when there is an entire team doing
it on the regular the other flash
already said time was impossible to fix
well the the other team has a like a
code of time ethics where they go back
and like they fix aberration there
they're like quantum leap yep you know
like they go back in time to write
something that got messed up all right
all right right and like that like
they're not when something gets messed
up that's the new normal this time has
been altered right but we're they to say
there are they to say which timeline is
more valid they're the fucking time
masters man the time dictators yeah the
time at the time tyrants yeah yeah
someone could see them as that rich and
some could see them as that absolutely
but yeah
playboy millionaire Clark Kent I said a
lot of not all of settle down people
yes settle right the flock down you know
that was one of the reasons why I've
always like gravitated towards
spider-man in general was you know he
was the anti Superman I was like that
about him the anti Batman is just the
anti DC shoot the radio says hey guys
question for Jack I'm Jack how are you
liking the PC built have you used it for
editing work yes my 2011 MacBook Pro is
showing its age and I'm tempted to just
build a PC for editing / gaming I have
not used it for any editing okay I'm
just gaming just it is and that was what
is happening with my oh shit just gaming
cuz that was its purpose
so I is running great for gaming but
like that is it I only use it for gaming
I still use my very old at this point
2000 and 2008 iMac for editing which
which works great my Mac works great for
editing
maybe one of these days when the iMac
goes kaput I'll try it I bet it would
edit very nicely because it has an
amazing graphics card so we'll handle
that footage great but really for
editing I just prefer the the interface
of the Mac I I know how to work make my
way around and a Mac very easy so for me
it's the operating system over the the
actual hardware which is horribly
outdated at this point also like with
the videos that I make I'm not working
at anything like ultra 4k or 3d or
anything like that so it works it works
just it doesn't like you apparently not
do we have any plans to stream a Star
Wars game before ro1 oh yeah all of them
all the Star Wars games
we're do we're doing that we're doing a
whole rug one's not that big a deal to
me I think I knew there was the force
awakens but Ritchie won't you fucking
love Star Wars I love Star Wars it's the
best thing ever um none of us saw Jack
have you seen Noah yet no fucking hell I
have not I still have the blu-ray on my
desk and I really want to see it and I'm
really upset that I haven't seen it yet
you know what I did see into the shadows
where we come from the shadows the the
mockumentary about the vampires starring
the guy from Flight of the Conchords
okay it's a it was like this indie
comedy that came out a couple years ago
into the shadows or we're from the
shadows the the interesting thing about
so it's like a it's like a screwball
comedy yeah made Anna mockumentary style
about this like group of vampires in
modern-day New Zealand okay and it's
funny I thought it was very very funny
the director
and the guy who directed it and stars in
it what we do in the shadows thank you
you monster and cinnamon and what we do
in the shadows the director and one of
the stars of it who is very funny in it
and very strange is now directing thor
ragnarok okay he went from indie
comedies to thor ragnarok there's a knob
jump that's an odd odd jump rich this is
what I'm saying
so let's impress somebody right right
well you know what did the movies is
very solid I know he's done more in
between there but mostly just comedies
indie comedies he did this movie called
the shark and the eagle also starring
one of the flight of the conchords guys
and just a very small indie comedy wrote
one will be worse than force awakens'
count on him why would you say that so
I'll let it's super hyped about it in
general the trailer looks pretty good
for Row one yeah and you know it's
probably not gonna be a beat for beat
knockoff of a new hope yeah that's that
is very true wrote one very could very
easily be a lot better very easily
oh you're not having it
oh never mind
yeah I agree I agree looks a little more
interesting that rogue one
the ending was reshot it's happened
before in good movies good movies have
had reshoots that doesn't inherit learn
me in anything other than they're
interested in making it better that's
all that means
yeah it will means they they something
wasn't necessarily working and they're
trying to fix it could be good could be
bad we don't know my only concern is
that everybody in rogue one has a who
can have the noblest death competition
that's that's quite possible I like that
okay is it to die for that's great
did you die
oh darn there did space cop have reshoot
space cop was being rewritten as we were
making it
yeah reshoots would imply that which
meant we had the budget it was
constantly being Rishabh or rewritten
though constantly oh fuck Wow well that
was a terrible run gobbled the excess
rich you do a Black Friday sale for 221
I will tip if you play Final Fantasy 15
I am lost and confused with this culture
like fantastic beasts bad Santa - who
makes these things I will be doing no
Black Friday sale for for final fantasy
streaming because I do not want to play
Final Fantasy vari you've already said a
black you've already said a Black Friday
price nine ninety six six four one yeah
I don't know what else you're looking
for that if the deals are already in
front of you man there's here's the
cycle of hate that goes on in in the
prereq streaming world people ask me
about a thing I don't like yo that they
know I don't like when I say no I don't
like that they get into dignity and they
keep harassing me about of that until I
get irritated yeah and then they claim I
don't like anything seems right so I'm
just going to ignore any could have
talked about Final Fantasy from here on
out great I love it
great I love it I press the wrong button
again turtle devices all right some Moon
Knight he has a paranoid schizophrenic
who often jumps into entirely different
genres the last comic he was a detective
a movie star and a future space pilot
fighting werewolves I've heard good
things about the new moon night series
yeah this
mm series I've not read it yet just cuz
I haven't been able to get around to
shit lately but I have heard good things
what video game does rich like the 999
I've talked about that you don't like or
haven't heard of so you don't care or
ignore it and forget about it
right Kevin's FTL XCOM thief doom boom
fucking tie fighter Jesus Christ the
Mario Brothers the police quest series
which we've streamed and played and
loved you kind of dug Dishonored 2 a
little bit Master of Orion shit dog of
rocket League fucking FTL come to the
necrodancer jeez these are just games
that one of the Endo's No More Heroes
but I don't like anything oh that's true
yep shadow of Rome you even like that
shadow of Mordor right oh yeah this one
yeah but you know what rich you know I
just wish you you know you could admit
that three of the Arkham games are great
and one of them's pretty good yeah even
the one you know that had a lot of down
points was pretty darn good no a lot of
down points but I hate everything
because I don't like Naughty Dog games
or JRPGs so I hate everything this is
the things you're supposed to like yep
no chicken back buttocks says any plans
to sell Astro droid sex toys on your
mergesort is this what Project Hornet is
no no but oh man Mario Mario your your
new drawings looking pretty good buddy
if you are listening I know I sent you
that email telling you that it's good I
just want to say it out loud your
technical drawings it's starting to look
like a real thing and I'm very excited
about it
fucking help
yes vanquished blood-borne blood-borne
ah the greatest game ever I so want
vanquished I have a fucking PC release
it's so badly I had to buy a new
Playstation 3 like a couple weeks ago
because my old one broke down and I
don't really have any other way to play
vanquish your vanquish machine bro my
vanquish machine Pro I'm so sorry
none who says Jack I'm Jack after your
constant praise I decided to watch Swiss
Army man yes I'm sorry but I thought it
was okay I didn't think it was very
funny for the most part oh the ending
made me laugh hard though wow that's
something I mean that's just my it's
it's exactly my sense of humor is I
guess all I can say that's that's the
only that's the only it's I thought it
was so perfect and especially like
coming from someone who like watches a
lot of indie movies the Swiss Army man
takes the absolute piss out of every
single indie movie it constantly tricks
you into into thinking it's about
something bigger than it is
and it never is mm-hmm it's just what it
is at face value but it constantly
teases you with like pretentious indie
bullshit and I think it's perfect I
think it's beautiful I need to see this
someday you do I really fuck you shit
communication hub hacked rate we're
hacking all the shit
we need that anonymous says what are you
two going to do a review you can do it
on the Super Mario Brothers movie yes
because video game video game rich and I
a video game video game only like video
games and here's the thing about us and
movies we don't even like movies I've
never even seen all of Super Mario
Brothers the movie I've never even seen
a movie so like we're good
I can't like the last third or quarter
of it on cable once that's all I've seen
I bet there are a lot of movies that
rich and I could talk about yeah
we just haven't thought of any if we did
yes we would I'm rich and I would do a
review next time I see him if J doesn't
see him first and mention it there's one
I kind of want to do with Jewish you
know what I think I think I over I think
last time I talked to Jay he was talking
about that one yeah that sounds like a
pretty good idea yeah yeah I know which
one you're talking about and I am all
for it ash vs. Evil Dead me and Jack
wouldn't be a crime Jay weren't a part
of that Jay loves that's more of it
that's definitely Jay that is definitely
more of a Jay thing
100 hondo percent
buster load says hey guys
don't listen to all those jerks I'm sure
you guys smell perfectly normal for men
of your disposition what it's called a
backhanded compliment oh I get it
I think I got it
fuck
running a keyword says hey Jay are all
right I've come up with the perfect
torture right rich will play the
turn-based RPG south park the stick of
truth and use anime princess Kenny
meanwhile Jack listen to the audio lol
human misery yep yeah that's exactly
what that sounds like that's exactly
what that sounds like human misery
ash vs. Evil Dead is a great show but
Hollywood needs to stop the zombies ash
vs. Evil Dead that's that's not
something that Deadites are not some yes
as far as president Jack is concerned
for those who don't know president Jack
has Esme de as made an official pledge
to to put a an end to zombie video games
you know you know you I guess you could
argue that zombie television shows and
movies are part of that and Deadites do
not count as enough they taught it yeah
they have motivations besides just you
know eating good flesh though they don't
mind eating human flesh right they're
having fun don't like gremlins in a way
yeah sure in a very vague way they're
like gremlins I just want to have fun so
fun for them is torturing people
gremlins is just there doing things that
people do and destroying shit right
grandma great I think gremlins are a
little more mischievous yes I wouldn't I
wouldn't categorize that I think it's
quite clear though that there's a
mischievous streak to the deadly dad I
it's what they like fucking with people
oh okay little baby don't say cuz they
do shit like that yeah I'm with you
gremlins vs. Evil Dead what did I
gremlin could be fucking power talk
Billy Peltzer fighting Deadites mmm-hmm
at what point not knowing any better
wood wood ash try to fight the gremlins
by like dousing them with a fire hose
take this yes sends a bitch that would
totally happen though that would are you
kidding that's what wood started he
would be drunk the gremlins and is
dousing with the hose don't worry guys I
took care of those little asshole
I seen the key and peele sketch for they
pitch gremlin suit yes I haven't it's
great but it feels great well it's fun
structure this is a fun Spacey structure
any treasures in here
spacey structure you look like a thing
that would have treasures oh there's a
treasure
the time extender
maiden laught up says hey guys getting
out our Christmas movies here and I'm
wondering what are your favorites
mine is a Charlie Brown Christmas lol
fuck my cock and have a great stream
what's the question favorite Christmas
movies so many Scrooge's up there
Scrooge is great recent years have
become quite fun if it's a Wonderful
Life
oh yeah to me
TNT eventually did run it into the
ground
but I used to really love a Christmas
story oh yeah
for me it's Christmas vacation yeah I
make a point to want to Christmas
vacation every single year and it's die
hard and gremlins ha ha ha ha look the
Christmas movies with their action in
horror movie ha ha
I get it now they don't count no they
don't count you know what I was talking
about with my children today and a movie
that isn't a great necessarily a great
movie but is a really good family
Christmas movie is the Santa Claus yeah
not a great I mean it's it's a corny
movie right I'm not saying it's a good
movie but like that was fine you're
talking about Christmas movies crying
out loud
this is what I'm saying like it's great
kids movie the Santa Claus I was just
explaining what the what the premise of
the Santa Clause was to my children it's
a horror story right he killed Santa
Claus I said it's a normal guy who who
accidentally kills Santa Claus so he has
to become Santa Claus but he's kind of a
just a normal guy and like what does he
have to be Santa Claus permanently or
it's just like like every December until
he dies just until he dies well every
December yeah okay but he hasn't normal
life otherwise yeah okay that's it
that's the fun build-up of the movie is
like him and his normal life and all of
a sudden he gets inexplicably fat yep
and his hair all of his hair turns white
you know that's the comedy that's the
comedy
a movie that I've liked after December's
over does he become normal
yes after December's over he becomes
normal okay are you blue yep with that
you know a movie I have not seen in a
very long time but I have seen a million
times
yeah is jingle all the way
never seen it the arnold schwarzenegger
gas to go out and buy the one special
toy for his kids named Jake Lloyd with
Jake Lloyd with Sinbad with Phil Hartman
and one of his last on-screen roles as
the as the nosy neighbor yeah because of
when I used to work at the used
videogame store we sold used movies all
the time and we had to watch Christmas
movies during the holidays because we'd
have a movie on every every day so I
watched jingle all the way
so many fucking times we're gonna go low
risk that movies got off well I believe
it it's just been too long since I've
seen it
you guys ever play freedom force it's a
2002 tactics game on the PC with Silver
Age style superheroes not sure how it
holds up but I had a lot of fun tossing
trucks at nuclear mutants Soviets why
I've heard of it I've never played it
actually sounds great we get stream that
at some point I made a system into at
least two freedom force and I forgot the
sequel's called but I miss freedom force
versus the Third Reich it was like a
world war two themed one what that's
great freedom for us I'm writing that
down
yeah it was totally like homage in Jack
Kirby and 1960s Marvel boom that sounds
great I wrote it I've wrote it in the
list
Minuteman was like Captain America had
but he had the Tri hat oh thank that
outlasts come
shit to any outlaws yes I say homage
because I made Sons awful I think it's
pronounced don't give a shit my babe
yeah I'm saying you could pronounce I'm
okay
I'm saying you can pronounce it either
okay tomato tomahto homage homage I
believe
technically it's a homage Star Trek
question of the day yep
what is your favorite piece of trick
music I love Goldsmith's
the motion picture / TNG theme but
Horner makes a good argument also have
you seen for the love of Spock it's
great - I have not seen it I don't know
that I have picked out a designated
favorite Star Trek theme a lot of good
ones though I mean yeah the next-gen
themö has always be in my brain
yeah the classics underrated I think
it's perfectly rated where it is the the
new movies theme not bad either oh sure
man all right score I could be down with
that
there's so many bad guys Barger is the
worst version but the best theme song I
heard a lot of people love voyagers
theme song does not do it for me I can't
even think about it right now don't
don't don't
Hey sounds great no that sounds great
suggesting its majestic right completely
unfitting the show theme needs to be the
gonk everything needs to be the going
hey every every episode of Voyager needs
to be rewritten so the theme is the gong
cut you know during the opening credits
the gong could you cut to like stupid
things that have happened on Voyager
just a brief clip of Tom Paris and
Janeway's salamanders two bigs being
dragged off to be executed take all the
dumb things that have happened on
Voyager somebody needs to make new food
your opening cut out cut out the music
for Janeway to go
we can never we can never forget our
prime directive cut to fuck the prime
directive we're doing this an amendment
from the time that she got the whole
crew stranded on a empty planet they're
not that bad that I bet that by the way
Janeway
what are the what is like a list of the
dumbest things to happen in Voyager Oh
God
Janeway's brilliant plan to let herself
and a few other crew members get
assimilated what was the what was the
episode where like they picked up eight
extra board members and they kidnapped
seven of nine like their most powerful
crew member they just like let her alone
with other former Borg's that was dumb I
don't know I mean it's just all dumb
how do I do stuff again
now let's do stuff
oh shit I just fired a rocket at a
friendly well then I gotta kill ya know
I don't know he's not fighting what's
the ending of Voyager oh we cut to the
credits like right before they get to
earth that's the ending to Voyager
because void you did everything stupid
everything stupid that's why I wanted to
scan proba they they pop out of an
exploding Borg sphere somewhere in
Federation space and then we never see
them actually get to earth
Oh God Voyager
that hold that whole thing near the end
we're like so you keep making that that
anime drawing of us some wasn't offended
for crying out loud I was I was kidding
about the cat thing looking stupid
that's it looks great you're doing a
great job and keep working on it it's
fine it's fine really an animated
character of me is not gonna be
offensive I'm offended
my honor what am i doing what's happen I
belong I don't care about in my mole
yeah
we'll deal for
why wasn't he looks allowed on the
bridge that's a that's a great question
because don't you get over trapped in
the Gamma Quadrant Delta Quadrant you
gotta bend the rules a little bit except
for when we don't bend the rules because
we have to follow the rules cuz that's
what keeps our humanity rich it's all
about bending or following the rules
Janeway Janeway depending on which way
we're feeling this week the rules are
important this week I'm a stickler yep
last week anything when we had to get
home no matter what this week saving our
humanity is what's more important
saving preserving the Federation fact
the Federation I'm going home to shrink
hips Kate Mulgrew she's great actress
yeah she's she's even good in the role
the problem is the role was just wildly
inconsistently written yes and then you
got to have characters like Harry Kimber
they never even tried to give him a
character yep or Chakotay where he's
ethnic that's enough that's enough he
doesn't need any more character he's got
a belief see and that's the thing where
it's like that's like the problem with
life diverse characters is like you
actually you still have to give them a
character just adding diversity isn't
enough you now you have to make them a
real person you need to end it like his
his like ethnic diversity was so
surface-level like I believe in
mysticism because that's what it Native
Americans do right mysticism a general
mysticism fuck that Chakotay some Paris
is a loose cannon who can't be trusted
Tom Paris has proven himself and we can
trust him now Tom Paris is a Lou
can and housing crazy things oh that
what are we doing what those characters
this week could be anything
wow it was a problem when when guest
stars who showed up for an episode here
there are more interesting than your
main crew yes
remember the sociopath who was on the
crew and like confined to quarters
there's in a couple episodes more
interesting than anybody in the main
cast the woman who they thought was dead
and an aliens phoner and they mutated
her to be in one of his own species and
she kinda had lost her humanity she was
in one episode more interesting than
anybody in the main crew the one guy who
was absolutely brilliant but he stayed
in the lower decks just working on some
menial tasks cuz he didn't want to be
bothered with he was a far more
interesting character than anybody else
in the main cast he was great I remember
him there's a problem when when your
guest stars who were there for one or
two episodes are more interesting than
everybody in your main cast yes agreed
get rid of fucking Neelix and replace
them with the insanely smart guy who
doesn't care enough to get involved with
things that lives in the lower decks
make him the main character and get rid
of Neelix oh man that guy was fantastic
I remember him now
the only great character was a holograph
exactly oh the doctor yeah yeah he was
great
yeah I've been detective and shooting a
big Star Trek needed more cereal course
here's the thing on Voyager when you
like lowing crewmembers need everyone
you can get an easily one of the only
people you got but you know what the
Neelix is this kind of mind miles he's
kind of under control but you never know
if that's an interesting character to
have on your show which should have been
about people in a desperate situation
struggling yes how would how would read
shrank the Star Trek captain's it's
really a battle between Kirk and Picard
yeah well and here's and I love the car
here's the problem with pitting Kirk
against Picard is it's very apples and
oranges yeah yeah there there there
there are two captains with two
different philosophies and really two
different shows you know Kirk goes out
there and he does what he thinks is
right and the card is the diplomat yeah
which honestly it's kind of refreshing
but he's not mister action hero right
the cards very interested to me and Kirk
is interest like Kirk has his own thing
this is what I'm saying apples and
oranges we're how can you compare Kirk
to Picard they're two different
characters I I'm a bigger fan of Picard
because I think these stories are more
interesting I like I like the slow
diplomacy stories more than I like go to
the planet and fucking punch an alien or
fucking alien I don't care I'll sit
heavens no Sisko just goes fine look you
ask me what what two favorites are and
it's Kirk or Picard
I respect the classic Trek maybe that's
nostalgia I don't know I don't really
care Kirk definitely veers into schlocky
action hero territory yeah and I'm a
little bit okay with that
well but you know what that being said I
like for example in Star Trek beyond
that was great Kirk
that was really fun Kirk yeah so young
Kirk is is Chris Pine Kirk finally
acting like Kirk yeah and it was kind of
refreshing yes like I said it worked in
the 2009 reboot because it was rookie
Kirk yeah
he's allowed to be a little bit of a
fuckup but when you know in Beyond he's
finally feeling like Kirk yes agree
Oh beyond a little bit captain is my my
least favorite Archer Janeway like I
said Kate Mulgrew great actress just so
inconsistently written yeah oh it's so
clear that's where the problem is it's
not it's not my girl no no well right it
shows entire problem yeah they didn't
know what the fuck to do with it or
someone that both Simon and sharp ready
Rick Berman didn't know what the fuck
you do it in because everyone who hears
about that show knows what you should do
to make it good right and they just
didn't do those things
Archer behind Janeway yeah here's the
thing Voyager is terrible but I've
watched Voyager I couldn't fucking
stomach a full season of enterprise oh
is that true yeah oh yeah I didn't I
didn't get through the first I didn't
get through four episodes of the first
season before I was like fuck this yeah
yeah here's that I couldn't even get on
episode and I made it the pilot the
pilot Mike okay there's potential here
first episode you know the second
episode this is terrible
I'm third episode oh this is terrible
and the fourth episode is oh god this is
terrible I'm not watching this anymore
well there you go
shee-it yeah yeah and you know here's
the other thing is i when when he
mentioned captain's Bakula wasn't it
wasn't even on the tip of my tongue
why are there floating turds in space a
space giant just pooped I don't know man
hey it's fucking rocks man it can't be
real space because that's not
interesting you need to ship to fly
around we need that you need to do that
I've led plenty of good space games that
don't need that yeah well no it doesn't
I could only use it once what this time
it's lupus says
where to go no where to go no I got
scrolled I got scrolled Jack where to go
this time Snooper says hey guys just got
here last night a bunch of us got
together and watched animated Christmas
movies oh the best by far was the
Christmas tree hilarious better than any
Chuck Norris movie by far when we did
that on the before which wasn't wasn't
last one that Canada yeah I was nervous
Canada Christmas episode that was the
Christmas one oh I wasn't there that day
I didn't oh I didn't see that one that
we did that what'd you do we watched it
oh well there you go
yeah watch that's all I got to say we
want you in something you want to know
what we thought about you can watch the
episode yeah it's great if it were more
realistic it would just be elite
dangerous rich yeah I enjoy what I've
played of elite dangerous right elite
dangerous actually would be a fun game
to play with a VR headset
none of us says hi reg hi jack hi
greetings from Austria where it's the
fifth day of the Krampus hope you had a
great week so I really want to see
Krampus who's all right I was
disappointed with the ending you guys
Rock
even the 7th guest stream was pretty
entertaining also lol munched mine in
spots once mine in spot was mine in
spots once mine in spots turkey burger
cells Kirk is an ideal cowboy Picard is
the ideal explorer and cisco is the
ideal commander Janeway is a woman the
Janeway is you can't say what Janeway is
because she was written differently yes
all the time like there there was some
episodes with a good Janeway in there
they just couldn't pick a direction to
go with yeah but and like vital either
direction they wanted to go with like
whether it was we are going to maintain
the Federation in unruly space that
would have been great or if it was we
have to adapt to unruly space so we have
to give up the Federation that would
have been fine and if you're doing if
you're doing we have to maintain the
Federation Janeway yeah the ship
situation has to feel a lot more
desperate than it did everything on that
ship every fucking episode nearly every
episode everything felt like business as
usual exactly
business as usual it's because they had
the fucking coolest ship in the galaxy
and it was so awesome and it took care
of everyone but okay far away from home
but things are going on like they would
otherwise if it were just at our normal
space exploring they're just a lot
further ways back to Bay but
everything's proceeding exactly like a
normal starship ship exactly
Geoff this progress reports good now I'm
going to sign off on those and you're
not desperate at all right right like an
episode we're like and I know they dealt
with this a little bit where they were
talking about like like eating real food
so they wouldn't like overuse dilithium
crystals or replicator resources but it
never got real enough it never got to
that point of desperation in a few
episodes but
most of the time those ended up being
like reversed through time travel it's
true no I laughed because it's yeah
like they mentioned how many torpedoes
the hem they can't replicate those we
have somebody shuttlecraft can't
replicate the like if they stuck to that
those numbers mmm
and like they were reluctant to do
things because we can't afford to lose
this event I mean you can do interesting
things in Voyager that they didn't do it
all yeah they didn't do any of those
interesting things yeah I agree I really
agree and that was the problem with
Voyager it wasn't it wasn't just like
there needed to be like a deck on the
ship or like walls and panels were
hanging open where they've just like
taking chords and things from from
non-essential equipment you know oh that
would be great like we're just we're
shutting down an entire level ah yeah
and then like and then in a later
episode they need to like go into the
show it's cold down here yeah we don't
run the live support because we don't
need to shit like that yep oh we must
unfortunately we've left a key component
in level sea level sea oh well I can
deck on their own ship and like space
suits you'll get the thing that
basically rich and I are becoming
writers for Star Trek Voyager fanfiction
no I think that's that's that's gonna be
our new job we hope you uh we hope you
enjoy it
Skulltula House says rich you guys may
know this but I read recently Rick
Berman hated the idea for Darmok has
since said he liked the end product can
I get a fu Rick Berman fu Rick Berman
fuck you Rick Berman dumbass it is not
here I'm gonna I'm gonna here's what I'm
gonna do I'm going to defend a little
bit of Rick Berman it is not necessarily
a producers job to get what's happening
on screen it is their job to get all the
people who get what's happening on
screen a producer is someone who puts
the people in the right place right so
it's not his job to get the episode to
understand why it works but even even if
he thinks it is his job to run the
entire fucking show he should have a
better idea of what to do with it cuz he
didn't I didn't have a good idea of what
to do with Voyager the the best
producers know how to delegate the right
tasks to the right people and you know
we know Rick's not that person
that's what we know the red epics is
just my opinion yeah but I think Cisco
was the most interesting captain he had
to deal with many other problems that
the other captains didn't have to
single-parent family man religious icon
etc yeah I'm not saying he was a trouble
character but if the question is who you
know if I rank my favorites
that's Kirkham Picard Deep Space nine is
a fine show it's thematically very
different from your standard Star Trek
though yeah that's not saying it's bad
but rich I don't understand shades of
grey
I know because you like Kirk and Picard
that must mean you hate all other
captains fucking nuanced fucking nuanced
we all hate nuance why is it that you
hate other captains rich why is that
you can't have favorites unless your
favorites are not also mine
some advice help with this Jeff Jeff any
other time would be better
game child.you cases i hate when a
series i love a lot gets dull walking
dead i thought was great after season
five though it's been getting more dull
some good apps but couldn't finish the
last one
reminds me of season eight through nine
of x-files yeah
because x-files they were doomed never
to be able to resolve their gigantic
overarching plot mine why my that's why
what i've seen and liked x-files it's
been it like a standalone episode yeah
it's it's tough when something peters
out though you know you want it like
Seinfeld right Seinfeld was like we
don't want to Peter out we're fucking
ending on our terms so many shows like
Walking Dead they've just fatigued
themselves and but they they keep making
money and they have a whole thing with
The Walking Dead and they're and they're
just petering out if you're writing some
kind of adventure kind of action II kind
of show yeah and you have a larger story
so you just stick to an arc and not you
gotta keep going and keep going keep
going come on and keep gog like
beginning middle end and you just tell
your story it takes maybe takes three
seasons maybe takes four right you said
I'll do what you had to do was like you
usually as far as like show runners are
concerned who they're there's the one
season the three season and the five
season plan yeah before a show is like
Greenland yeah like can we get hum you
know and what is it it's like you need
you need five seasons for a show to be
in syndication yeah and that's easy
money for you know cuz you can sell that
all these cable networks now right maybe
if it's even three seasons for
syndication it's something very it's
something a lot smaller than you would
think
mm-hm I prefer the season story arc like
here this season this is the story we're
gonna tell it you know from the
beginning of the season to the end of
season yeah it's all yeah that works I
think that's the way to do it you could
have little seeds here in there but one
season story arcs is where it should be
and no nobody else likes show they think
it's too silly but that's what the
librarians does you
it's a silly enjoy I enjoy it I love
that I love that you enjoy each season
is like a self-contained thing and it's
great that's great
yeah it's silly it's cheesy yeah it's
fun though like I'm worried that
eventually ash vs. Evil Dead is gonna
fizzle out yeah yeah I I'm like I said I
I don't even know if I've seen any of
the new season yet I've seen like the
first two or three no I'm gonna wait and
watch the rest of unsetting yeah it's
like I got to the morgue and it was the
best thing ever
the morgue is the best thing ever I
don't even know if I've seen it yet oh
yeah wait I did I watched the pilot and
the pilot was alright pilot I mean
though the first episode of season IV
the pilot is great for the first episode
of the second season
it wasn't anything too special right
some good things happen okay after that
I'm sure they do so I'm with you I'm
going to just kind of just kind of hang
out wait and binge I'm super excited
tonight actually is the season premiere
or season finale of Westworld so I'm
super excited to see that tomorrow
some of the fucking West world twists
and turns all around what a fun show
that Westworld you like twists you like
turns fuckin watch West world it's crazy
oh my barians is so unfunny well it's
not really a comedy it's just kind of
light action-adventure well I did
venture for that action it's not trying
to be a comedy so yeah no it's not funny
yeah it's not funny but it has sometimes
it has humorous moments rich so it must
be a comedy
men Laurentiis says i just finished
playing doom and I thought it was ace
doom of Base
fuck yeah I saw the sign motherfucker
and that sign said we're shooting some
demons
I don't wind up my eyes I saw the sign
yeah yes thank you for the
recommendation
PostScript hello Roger Maya todger Roger
my todger yep I'm a touch ok they're two
bucks a gig I read things good and you
read it great riches not complained
about the snow I don't want to think
about the fucking snow he complained to
me about this know what I got here I
assumed you were gonna make a bigger
deal hey stream I I don't want to think
about it I just shoveled a fucking ton
of snow that's crazy
and and and salted a ton of pavement yep
it's the first it's the first snow that
has stuck to the ground yeah in
Wisconsin and yep it's fucking awful
folks get your shovels get your snow
pants get your salt for those who don't
live in cold climates uh it's very
important to lay rock salt down on the
ground to make sure that ice doesn't
form like on your sidewalk I could see
if someone who doesn't deal with snow
constantly just being horribly confused
by what salt means you do hide the
chances anyone watch roam great show too
expensive so they ended after two
seasons I've seen season 1 of roll but
oh god we're almost fucking good yeah
yeah but it's like by the way that's
great if it's too expensive because you
get to fucking solid seasons and then
have those producers make something else
I haven't I have not seen season 2 I
need to watch season 2 but we're season
1 of Rome is fucking rock solid nice
that's great
Anonymous is rich she really give
enterprise season to a second chance it
was pretty good
you wouldn't judge TNG by season one
either would you lol see if I can do
this I think they're just making this up
I don't think this is an actual word
happed
Gish Lex of your care MIT meinem needle
votes I hope that's real it sounds great
Anonymous is you guys more excited for
an uncharted spin-off for last of a
sequel really excited for but yeah the
best thing ever how long how long have
we been streaming what's up time how
long did it take someone to bring up the
last of us we should have we should have
started a pool how long it would take
see you bitch about me not liking
anything but you constantly asked me
about shit you know I don't like what's
it's not fair what's the up time someone
up time how long how long did it take
our 18 minutes 1 hour and 18 minutes
before someone mentioned the last rich
this game that you didn't much care for
and constantly refer to as shit gameplay
is getting a sequel
what are you ready to say about that
it's getting a sequel ok girls I don't
much care about it because then you know
I don't care we didn't care about the
first one it's good for you I'm glad
you're excited for example but what do
you want me to do they I think they were
hoping for a bigger yeah other people
enjoy it I know that and so they make a
sequel that's that's good for you know
right I think they wanted like that I
think they wanted like a rich Evan are
you are you surprised they made a sequel
The Last of Us
I mean who saw that I think I think
surprised only because I haven't heard
any murmurs of it you know usually
something like that you'll hear about
yeah like as they're making I mean I
guess maybe just because I don't really
care about the last of us in general
that uh that I didn't hear any other
murmurs but I wasn't going
future famous person says just beat FTL
for the first time and I feel like I
should apologize for bitching about it
and other games seeming boring right FDL
FTL's real kick butt you know I could
see that if you either didn't play it or
kind of sucked at it and like lost all
the time like oh this game is boring I
could see I can say one person could
feel that way but the red epic says jmo
again but ds9 is definitely a Star Trek
show though it does have a different
backdrop maintaining ideals even during
a horrific interstellar war in the pale
moonlight is one of the best episodes in
Star Trek I'm not saying it's a bad show
I like Deep Space 9 you in fact rich you
have defended deep space 19 because I I
couldn't watch much of it after next gen
because it's a very harsh turn and you
have often said oh you know I like that
Deep Space 9 it's a whole different kind
of Trek you have been vocal about your
enjoying of Deep Space nine Star Trek as
I see it is a hopeful vision for
humanity's future yeah where we will
overcome our problems on our own and we
will solve you know hunger and poverty
and war will be a just a dead thing yeah
they even refused to call Starfleet
military organization right
wars were as dead this is a bright
future that we can all look forward to
yep
Deep Space 9 is about the breakdown of
all of that of all the good this utopia
that humanity is built up and and their
belief in peace and harmony and
diversity has has broken down and failed
them war is inevitable we cannot win and
we need the wormhole gods to save us
deep-space mode is automatically a very
different beast where you can't trust
things cuz shapeshifters are everywhere
yeah yeah Star Trek is about hope Deep
Space nine is like a horror
it's a Stephen King horror novel with
some of the trappings of Star Trek
those wormhole gods have to save us
because humanity we can't do it we're
worthless
yeah maybe that's why I never really got
got into it much because it was so it
was such a harsh departure from
especially from next gen mm-hmm so yeah
I never really got into it have you guys
talked about the Deaf standing trending
trailer yet as soon as I got into the
studio today there were there were two
things that I needed to make sure rich
saw because I knew they were gonna come
up yeah and one of them was the death
stranding for what what's with that name
I don't stranded I don't know I don't
know what what kind of fucking game it
is no one knows what kind of fucking
game it is it could be a cooking
simulator for all I fucking know it's a
it's cook it's a Cooking Mama three
could you just make some fucking music
videos and get it over with
these would be great music videos like
Jesus Christ I'm like experimental
experimental electro indie bands and
yeah make it make some sweet-ass music
videos I can't talk about death
stranding because there is there is
literally nothing to talk about
right it's it's a series of images that
it's Kojima's arty-farty bullshit 100%
here's something interesting I I watch
that because I watched a little bit of
the PlayStation experience live mm-hmm
their little presentation and you know I
have a PlayStation 4 and in general I
like PlayStation I like Sony I like what
they do so I watched a little bit of it
live and I'm see I'm watching this death
stranding trailer I'm just saying why
does Kojima have someone that looks like
old Guillermo del Toro in his in his
trailer like what a weird thing thing is
that like that person who's carrying the
jar baby
looked to me a lot made me want to throw
up like an elderly gamer those were
here's the fun part that was Guillermo
del Toro famed director Guillermo del
Toro is
like just hanging out with Kojima doing
kijima shit neither of those trailers
tell me anything and I really can't talk
about it because I really don't know
anything about the product other than
the Kachinas is just weird right
what if someone could tell me what type
of game death stranding is going to be I
mean I think I would offer a cash prize
you can own based only off of there
should be a competition right what kind
of game is trending and you have to show
your work show you based off of the game
trailers alone how can you possibly
deduce what type of game this is and you
can't you can't that's the fun part
masoor tough some sort of tactical
battle game because like the the villain
from Doctor Strange has his little
troopers has his skull troopers those do
look neat I'll give it that
ya know I even like some of the visuals
like the idea that he had his little
commandos like am Billick accorded to
him visual but yeah I don't know what
kind of fucking game it's gonna be but
more importantly rich Jar baby did you
get the symbolism the red epic says PS I
know you love ds9 I'm just poking the
bearer
you guys are fantastic keep up the great
work I'm always hyped when I get to hear
trick talk lol thank you thank you very
much for that tip that was the recent
news about the what's the new one Star
Trek forever
Star Trek infinite OH is there new news
on that no no all I know about the show
is that the ship is really ugly yeah
that's the only thing I know do you know
I almost say there was news worse like
some one of the famous writers of good
episodes said he was gonna be a producer
and really he's only a producer name
only he's not like really doing anything
for the show mm-hmm yeah I don't know
it's a shitty overwritten game it most
likely deaths stranding will have some
decent gameplay elements and in a
completely separate room unskipable
cutscenesthat's what we will get yep he
will he do the stealth angle will this
be a flat-out Metal Gear 7 or 6 or
whatever the wrap what you see around
you is the remnants of the conflict
between the Colonials and the oka first
contact led to an escalating series of
misunderstandings let's just put it that
I see yeah that's what it's I mean it
could be I it may be a little more
military I have fucking I just have no
fucking idea you play as the jar baby
you have to crawl around and interact
with famous Hollywood types because
kijima loves movie so much that he's
just sucking all their nuts anonymous
says Richie might be interested in
Rommel titled pushing ice by Al Reynolds
it's about a spaceship crew getting
stranded and surviving on a massive very
alien object moving out of the solar
system it's gotta get very cold after a
while what was the shows it's space 1999
I forgot the name your own fucking space
1999 or the show was about the moon
getting knocked out of orbit and they
were going through space on the moon
what's that's that's great
the park Kennedy says imagine if
Enterprise had been about humanity
figuring all those problems out or at
least using that premise as a backdrop
instead of just jumping past it instead
we got regular Trek but before yep
exactly
just a show about how replicator
technology changes the fucking world you
know and do something there right that'd
be cool
yeah
and then of its
if you want to hear some arty-farty
bullshit about death stranding read
Kojima's explanation about how the game
will be played death stranding is about
ropes instead of sticks did you have any
favorite LEGO sets growing up I don't
have any particular favorite set I
always loved the space ones though thank
you
spaceship spaceship Benny Benny from the
lego movie it was a great joy to me it
was that was me playing with LEGOs Oh
Benny that's heartwarming
it's goddamn heartwarming I don't know
how many Legos I had when I was a kid
I'll be honest with you they had an
episode with the guy who invented the
transporter there was one goddamn line
about the morality of it yeah yep that's
the center prize
sounds like got a prize line No
hey what is your favorite era of ship
design from Star Trek the original
series the movies next-gen Deep Space
nine a Voyager the original series I
mean not the original series I mean the
the the movies based on the original
series the enterprise refit is my
favorite science fiction ship of all
time visually more than visually
actually that ship is just awesome I
have no strong feelings about about a
different enterprises I will be honest
with you I don't care that much about
know I'm a favorite if it's ugly I don't
like it there any you think are ugly I
think the E is an ugly piece of shit
which one's the and the the one from
first contact the one that looks like a
fucking shovel had sex with the Voyager
you know I like overall like I like the
look of the Voyager
another thing that Voyager really fucked
up was very early on in the series they
they kept talking about how like the
Voyager is this battleship right
I mean fucking sexy ass battleship we're
not meant for long-term space
exploration she's gonna go wrong with it
and then they never address it but I
always I always liked that idea of like
we they say was a battleship the
enterprise wasn't big on being were like
I doubt they would have had a line of
dialogue about it being a bad the reason
that Enterprise went on this mission
were they were the only ones that could
maneuver the electrical storms because
of their new fucking battleship and I
always really loved the idea of someone
like who's got a Ferrari you know but
now they have to live out of it now go
sleep in your fucking Ferrari I think
that's great
so of course that never really went
anywhere with the show but
I like that idea surprises me that
people like look at the enterprise-e and
that is my least favorite out of all of
the enterprises
yeah I just don't have a ton of strong
feelings about I you know the the old
one is just old
so the original the original series okay
so it's even hard to form an opinion on
Alan because like tractor-beam what the
fuck welke b85 says hi Jan are are there
any current plans for future Star Trek
content with rich and Mike no current
plan so could always could happen at any
time
also just watch a TNG episode when
Picard catches crusher having sex with a
ghost season 7 was off the rails
TNG ended at exactly the right time TNG
starts like fucking those of those
random come and ever it was an accurate
comment that's what makes it extra
hilarious right go TNG starts off really
low yep I know Tiberius Kirk of the chat
disagrees with me I say at least half of
season 1 is crap and the other half is
mildly ok gives out a pass but then it
gets a lot better with two three four
five six and then seven eight they start
going down there right when they start
going down the hill they end of the show
wow they timed that perfectly no no I
didn't
I did not mean to do that I'm very sorry
best of both world and of descent who
watches the Watchers in her light sex
with a ghost
we have seen the guardians of the galaxy
to Trevor yeah it's a fucking awesome
trailer grey trailer if the if the movie
doesn't have a terrible last act like
the first one did it'll be great my
major problem though of the Guardians
the GAO says I can't stand that last act
and you know I can really lame it's a
letdown I can be up with you like the
ending of that movie yeah
his gut is awful I enjoy a lot of the
last act though because I think the last
act is very star-lord there's space
criminals they need to do something
clever and crafty and aha that's clever
and then if that doesn't work as long as
they tried then I buy into the power of
friendship but how their big plan is to
crash and to shoot everything you Tet
you give me an example I'm not the
writer that's not my job row give me an
example of when star-lord did something
clever and crafty you know what kind of
guy he is I'm gonna crash the ship into
their ship that was totally in character
and completely unexpected oh I thought
the fight was a letdown complete letdown
the only letdown was the finale the
let's beat him through the power
friendship that I agree was utter
bullshit but I liked that last fight you
know like oh no you know getting getting
the the criminals to fight with the with
the cops and I will save the city
everyone it's a good guy we're gonna
work together we holding hands pow
friendship if it were Farscape John
Crichton would have tried doing
something extremely clever it still
wouldn't have worked out but he would
have tried to have done something
extremely clever and it would have been
very entertaining to watch and it would
be entertaining to watch it go wrong
hopefully that's all getting the season
then we'll get Starlog trying to do
something clever like an episode of
farce gave her he tries to have the
computer like fake them getting attacked
by somebody else and it just doesn't
work and it's fun because it doesn't
work that's great
crichton isn't star-lord though yeah i'm
Krait that's why Crichton is better than
star-lord them's the facts yo whoa slow
that roll rich slow it right down you're
saying is that star-lord is just kind of
dumb and cretin us prepared to Crichton
that's what you're saying yeah well I
think I think in the comics he's a
little more clever and crafty but in in
the movie they were I think they were
playing him a little playing him a
little simple so I I thought the the
final act was fine of guardians but man
that ending that ending was just the
worst
saved a little bit bye-bye rocket and I
guess you know movies good I just don't
like the ending yeah yeah I agree
oh no I'm just saying like the ending
ending in general where it's like you
know the variant and I guess like we're
past spoiler alerts for guardians of the
galaxy one because it's been out for
years and we talk about it all the time
but you know like they they defeat Ronan
the accuser by by holding hands and
being super friends but then rocket like
makes a bomb out of a thing and he does
something clever so at least there's
someone doing that's not clever that's
we're gonna shoot him with a bomb that's
rocket though all right all right
all right whatever I'm talking about I
just didn't enjoy the ending that's my
opinion no I'm agreeing with you and I
think I know lots of people love that
movie that's fine I'm not saying you
shouldn't like that movie I'm just
saying I personally did much care for
the ending ending specifically and I
agree I agree with you is what I'm
saying I'm with you a hundred percent I
think Chris Pratt could have been a good
choice to play is - Brendan I didn't
know what the fuck - render is you mean
that fucker from the shadows of the
Empire I don't know - some Star Wars
novel game or game that was a novel I
whatever
Lana says love this nerd talk yeah
hey Jack object what do you think about
premature holiday decorating just spent
this weekend decorating but my neighbors
have had theirs up since Thanksgiving
oh it's bullshit Thanksgiving is the
appropriate time
as long as it's after Thanksgiving it's
okay I prefer to wait until you you can
put a tree up on Thanksgiving you can
make that part of your Thanksgiving
tradition sure sure technically that is
after Thanksgiving and you know what
it's a free goddamn country if you want
to put Christmas decorations up on
January 1st and leave them there all
goddamn year that is your right
it's absolutely your right and it's also
my right to call you an asshole
yes it is but you know let your fucking
neighbors do what they want oh hey by
the way that's true yeah that's true you
gotta let your neighbors do what they
want but you can also call them an
asshole and I will agree with you if
they put their decorations up too soon
I'm having a problem this year with just
everybody and their mother having those
like projection lights on their house
and they're all the exact same
projection lights I've heard those gets
stolen a lot they did last year because
last year nobody realized how popular
they were gonna be and they were real
short supply okay okay this year they're
fucking everywhere and also last year
they had to stop selling them because
they were too powerful and distracting
airplanes this year they're everywhere
because they figured out how to make
them and they figured out everybody
wants them and here's the thing
everybody fucking got them every other
house has those projector lights and
they're the exact same ones so that's a
little that's a little annoying or it's
like you know different sayings or
something no I don't think so like a
little color variation in your in your
household decoration
man from Lauren temp says I see that my
British slang is wasted on you Johnny
foreigners anyway you're the foreigner
here fuckwad no shit are either of you
looking forward to the Last Guardian and
do you plan on reviewing it PS lol on
quirk my Bjork oh I like that one that
comes out Tuesday
oh is that coming up really soon The
Last Guardian comes out on Tuesday
mm-hmm
I don't know if we'll get a full review
we have a tentative plan it can be moved
our our plans can be moved around I know
that was a big big III game yeah I know
what do you think rich you really want
to do it dust off the ps4 basically yeah
that's the other thing
Doctor Doom adopts is watching old
streams on YouTube makes it hard to keep
up with the current end joke so what
animal would JB if he saw the which also
nice jacket eggs online they're free you
fuck hello
lol marinade my manwich get eggs online
therefore you fuck all the memes I get
those all the memes what animal would
you want to be eggs all the names
only child says rich I know you watched
the prequel movies with Mike to help him
do the planket reviews but did you watch
the behind the scenes stuff with him too
he made some great points using those
interviews no I think I just watched the
movies proper and may it I may have
watched some of that I don't if I did I
don't remember so I'm gonna say no
that's the safe bet
all right so how are you doing in ever
space I'm remembering for a while I was
playing quite a bit of very spacious and
I had stopped obviously to play designer
to and gears were full and a bunch of
other stuff that we needed to play for
the show so I've kind of fallen out of
practice and I'm remembering all the
little things now to make a good run
good so I'm getting back into it I
really like this game along this is this
is my kind of game FTL but none of that
tactical bullshit just shooting people
Fick yeah you really don't need to have
that crosshair very close for it to turn
red is it a guaranteed hit when it's red
as long as it's within the circle like
you just need to have the crosshair
within the circle of their ship it's it
kind of arcs towards them all right
don't know how I feel about that must be
very hard otherwise yeah well especially
later on when enemies become
insufferable pricks
in sufferable price
we're just out of things to talk about
we've done is that oh geez man I mean
maybe yeah we're just uh no no of course
not
come on rich you think we'd ever be out
of stuff to talk about
I showed Karen the guardians of the
galaxy to trailer yeah we got the baby
grouped oh yeah no reaction to adorable
baby Groot I was dumbfounded I thought
to be honest oh yeah I got an interest
in perkiness when she saw that nothing
nothing he didn't like maybe Curtis is
just fine as a dumb joke what those best
party trailer what are you what are you
a monster baby Gruden's and and rocket
talking about not blowing themselves up
are you a monster
also something fun we we got for the
kids this uh this Groot and Rocket book
uh-huh yeah it's like a an early reader
book and they like it it's it's like a
rocket is uh is like writing a diary of
a little adventure with him and Groot
yeah and on their adventure they run
into a wisecracking tape dispenser and
in the in the trailer what is it what is
Rocket need you need some tape and so
they're even intercrossing the books
into the universe and I think that's
great obviously a joke but
I like I'm looking forward to it I know
they're they're pushing hard Guardians
wise yeah they're pushing hard this
whole this whole star Lord loves
Gomorrah thing mm-hm
didn't they already hook up nothing it
didn't work out or something no they
never they never a family member like he
tried to kiss her in the first one and
she pushed him away okay okay and so
it's like I don't know I don't want that
to be a big part of the movie yeah
romance subplots are fine it's fine I
don't want it to take over I don't want
it to take on is all I'm saying
it looks great I'm excited to see ego
the Living Planet
everyone likes a love story jack
yeah that's what I got for you I'm fine
if you I'm sorry yeah just you just me
huh maybe just maybe it's just you that
doesn't like it or they wouldn't keep
doing it in every film that's ever been
made that is probably extremely more
accurate sorry Jen says so what kind of
Christmas decorations are you two
probably going to do anyway I'm getting
those led drippy icicle things and I may
or may not put reindeer antlers on my
car
like one of those people tree I put up a
tree yeah I put up I put up my tree I
put a egg because it's December now so
we can do that
you know what just for ease of it I'm
probably gonna get those stupid
projector lights that I just complained
about everyone but it's so much easier
you just put them on your lawn and then
just in fills your house with lights I
have not done outdoor stuff yet and I
really should because it is uh snowing
now not Wisconsin this back in Illinois
a suburb man that wasn't too far from me
versus one house that would just go all
fucking out there be shit all over their
house and it would draw crowds so
fucking fancily made up the house next
to it rather than compete just put
lights on their roof in the shape of an
arrow pointing at the other house that's
great that's hilarious
yeah we have stuff like that here like
we have Candy Cane Lane which if you
don't know what Candy Cane Lane is it is
literally just a block some random block
where all the houses on the block do
their house up mega
and if you move into that block it's
like part of the it's part of the before
you can buy a house god that sounds
awful you need to say like yeah
then you doing the house up like a
jackass and and in the wintertime when
everyone does their house up you cannot
drive through there you have to like
walk through the streets and everyone
does their house up I don't do anything
that crazy usually I just put some
lights in the roofing hours how hard is
it to find a house that's not part of
some kind of home owners association
fascist bullshit oh very easy very um
yeah a lot of houses you have to go into
the right neighborhood yeah but uh a lot
of houses aren't part of the homeowners
association fascist bullshit just don't
get a condo if you if you if you want
not to be part of bullshit because
condos are full of bullshit are they've
not owned a condo oh I have friends who
own condos and you know like it's it's
that kind of shit where yeah they don't
need to worry about like shoveling their
driveways they don't need to worry about
cutting their grass but every other week
is some sort of meeting and fees because
the house down the block
doesn't have the proper fence repairs
and so we all need to up our condo fees
so that house can get the proper fence
repairs and we need to do that so we all
have a unified condo look it's all a
bunch of B's B's s and at the end of the
day you don't own you don't own the land
and isn't that what's important is the
land ownership yeah
you know the owner counter you just own
a space you know a house you don't like
the the house and the land it's on knock
down the house if you want probably
never be a homeowner sad yeah I hear
there are ups and downs there are
there's a lot of downs of throwing away
thousand bucks on rent every bump
a lot of downs in that yeah but you
don't have to worry about like upgrading
your your mechanicals you don't need to
worry about shoveling mowing your lawn
there's a lot of shit that you don't
need to worry about dad that homeowner
is due already mow the lawn here fucking
lawn well yeah but you could pay for
that that's work don't get paid to mow
your lawn at home work it's not quite a
thousand that's an exaggeration but it's
a lot of money to throw away every month
and get nothing out of it the temporary
ability to live there you go the house
you get a roof over your head you own a
house you don't have to worry about that
you get equity in this what you do pay
that's true that is true any money I
give to read that's just gone forever
flared dip
I can die
yeah yep I'll take these
thank you
you pay a shit ton of taxes on it rich
but that still probably less them rent
it's like I said I've heard ups and
downs of renting and honam a home
ownership if you if you factor in all
the other bullshit that you need to take
care of if you're a homeowner I guess it
works out about equal except for then
you don't have the equity yeah which
really you only use to buy another home
you know I wanted those cheap houses in
Detroit live the dream of homeownership
there you go there you go rich that's
all you need to do not totally against
the idea Detroit not totally against the
idea see that tiny home truchaut I
wouldn't want to live in a people living
tiny home if this stupid that's or go to
Detroit and buy a house for like 12
bucks
mama says hey rich and jack-high a
wracking judge I understand disliking
pineapple on pizza but what's wrong with
Canadian bacon on it it's also terrible
is what's wrong with it
Canadian bacon is terrible in general no
there's a case to be made for it you
know I can eat like Canadian bacon and
other meats I would assume not have
Canadian bacon you should give me the
other meats I'm just saying like there's
an argument for Canadian bacon that I
can see pineapple on pizza does not make
any goddamn yes all right all right
but yeah you want to put Canadian bacon
like Canadian bacon bacon sausage you
know like that'd be fun that'd be a fun
combo it's just him I don't like him
that's weirder that you don't got Mike
ham I don't like him I'm sorry that's
strange
ham is delicious cheese shot says hi
jack rich if nobody said yes space 1999
was the TV show where the moon was shot
into deep space the second season has
the greatest theme song ever that's
gotta be like like a whole lot of
nothing from pretty much your entire
journey if you're riding the moon yeah
there's lots of space between these
stars that moons gonna be going awfully
fucking fast yeah I believe it I believe
it rich
it's gotta be awfully fucking fast to go
anywhere interesting yeah and then it's
got to be able to slow down enough for
you to have an adventure when you
actually do get to something in how do
you think how do you control the moon
this is the real question and if they do
control them or when how come they just
don't go home with it put it back in the
fucking orbit right okay here's the fun
thing rich have you seen this new game
coming out called Conan X Isles
No what is that it is an open-world
Conan the Barbarian okay looks you get
to play as Conan or she's in that
universe you well you get to make your
own Barbera oh fuck off you can make
Conan yeah okay okay
but you could also like you know you can
also make like yourself if you want
yeah good be neat trying to know enough
about it it looks interesting
didn't I try that before and they have a
Conan MMO that that failed Oh today they
did once by the time forever they call
them well this is more of an action game
so so that's what it needs to be conan
needs to be action
but it looks it looks very very
interesting Coenen open-world game make
your own it's like the DC Universe
Online you can't play as Batman you get
to make your own character and you get
to stare longingly at Batman uh-huh
sounds great it sounds great oh oh
that's what I want I want to be a
sidekick
I've always wanted to be Robin because
then I can hang out with Batman no I
don't want to be any dummy the MMO was
called everyone is Conan world Wow
Age of Conan that seems really on the
nose Age of Conan yeah this is Conan
Exiles
and it is uh it looks alright I'll tell
you what it's very early very early in
development but it looks a little bit of
all right I'll tell you what
rockin do do to do to do to do
I just know we what we were talking
about the cone and the other day and how
much we enjoyed you know the big dumb
muscle guy fighting magic I like that
wait you'd rather play with a thousand
other Batman's no I would rather play an
Arkham game just be Babbage I don't need
to be partisan Mobile World bullshit I
don't need that
sidekick shaming yes my kicks are lame
even just the idea of sidekicks are lame
like who wants to pretend to be the guy
that hangs out with the cool guy right
how lame are you where you can't even
imagine yourself as the cool guy
so why was ramen popular the father-son
dynamics I could only assume when did
robbing you and show up 40s I don't know
well maybe earlier in that I was a few
years later a few years down the road
when did Robin show up that's it that
was just a different time for comic book
reading I I have no I don't know I don't
understand I don't understand what's
going on
comic books kids in the 40s were
desperate to be superheroes like
