Episode 684
Everspaced out... man. (Part 2)
December 24, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mj7-QRVZctE
___________________________________________

comic books kids in the 40s were
desperate to be superheroes like Robin
and Captain Marvel yeah if your kid you
just pretend you're Batman you know
pretend you're Robinson you gonna hang
out with Batman that's the whole point
yeah you had a bunch of you had a bunch
of kids who just we were just lame oh
god no I could never be Batman I'm not
that strong you don't want to be Indiana
Jones's friend you want to be Indiana
Jones no one wants to be short round no
one wants to be close the actresses name
and it's hidden uh Ellie gonna be dr.
Jones man
that's why they know and everybody had
him right ever like Bucky like even
that's like there's talked about like a
pre the early Marvel sidekicks cuz
that's before Marvel was Marvel right
by the time Stanley yo and Jack Kirby
and Steve Ditko came along they didn't
have sidekicks
Stanley actively hated them oh yeah
Brock kept murga back that did not bring
Bucky back yeah
what
I was unaware that they actively hated
them nurse
all right great
don't what about Bucky's arm oh there we
go thank you
you know what that's the important
question you guys are asking the
important questions here's the real
important question is who started the
trend of the sidekick have you mentioned
was Robin be my guess he's almost almost
certainly Robin he's the most well known
so I ventured to agree with you and so
then were all the other ones just
desperately trying to get some of that
sweet Robin action yeah what happens
really poppy with the kids popular we
want to be like Batman right oh right
and you said say like what made Robin
popular that's a good question I don't I
don't know I never I never got Robin I
never liked Robin
I'm glad when he's not around
it is important and I will say this for
any for any hero to have someone to play
off of right and so does having a Robin
around to make Batman more cool it says
he's more competent isn't that important
for Batman Batman could be quiet and
just kick-ass he could that's entirely
possible but for how long
he needs they need to talk to James
Gordon for a bit it started the
adventure and then he goes off and then
he's cool that's all you need
I you know I dig some of the the
paternal stuff as far as Batman is
concerned with Robin oh you're damn
right exactly and I you know there is
some some of that good like you know
you're not ready to go out and fight
crime but were you ready when you went
out that's different
that's different I went out cuz I had to
I love that parents I died my parents
died to Batman
oh fuck you're right that's that's my
little Batman Batman
you're welcome everyone for treating you
wasn't it great in Arkham City where
Robin shows up for like a minute and is
summarily told to go fuck himself by
Batman yes this is great
wouldn't want I'm getting in the way for
the whole adventure be annoying
Batman has that's a man from Mount
Lorenson alright
Batman has Alfred Pennyworth and Jim
Gordon to walk off work off of Oh Robin
is Sifu Forrest employ first two thrusts
super superfluous that's it thank you
Bethesda did you know that bethesda
didn't make decided - oh Jesus Christ
they owned arcane I didn't I didn't know
everyone was gonna fucking freak out
where you were even even though like
Bethesda is the first name you see when
the game they didn't make it I just
wanted to make sure you knew that
yeah yeah
we've reached space lightning rich we
made it we made it to space lightning a
lot of people angry that I I said that
being first town wasn't always better
than having a focused experience Oh God
and but you talked them apparently that
makes me a cook
according to somebody a what I I don't
like I don't know okay that's a
submissive thing like a cuckold
apparently I'm sorry I don't understand
people Jack you shouldn't you shouldn't
once you once you start thinking you
understand people that's when I get you
yeah well nuanced rich we talk about
this all the time we had a nuanced
conversation about dishonored too and
while overall you recommended it and say
you said you liked the experience even
though it wasn't necessarily as focused
as you would like yeah all they hear you
chuckle you cuckold you you damn
Internet and you damn Internet in you
and your blacks and whites rich and I
want to talk in nuanced we want to have
a conversation
and take what you I will eat your
innards and then I will feast upon your
riches Tomic mousetrap says sonic
mousetrap Robin is popular in spite of
being Robin every one of them has turned
into another character eventually
Nightwing Red Hood spoiler Red Robin
Damian will - eventually that's an
interesting thought an interesting
character in spite of being Robin I've
heard some arguing arguments for
Nightwing being a good character Damian
is the son of Batman right he's him and
Damian's a weird character
I don't like Damian Batman's biological
son as raised by insane jenna sidle
assassin assassins right Yeah right I
know that it's too weird for me it's too
weird it's comic books man they're all
that's all that's what they that's all
man that's their whole deal they're just
weird every single one of them man just
like what kind of weird shit we want to
write about today I don't know this
guy's got metal bones fucking go I don't
know he's like a super strong guy
creighton and he can fly and shit great
he's got laser eyes wait what and you
can also uh x-ray vision what and wait
what yeah that's him go that was
Superman I was talking about right there
if in case you didn't know he's got a
lot of weird powers
a lot of weird powers is obtained over
eight years that there are Superman
yep you know what rich what okay I
really enjoyed this game I know you do
that's why I suggested you play it
that's not a planetoid under you I think
yeah like a gas giant yeah yeah being
very close to a gas giant that's neat
yeah it's got nice visuals I can't go
down to that planet you know I don't
really want to I want to just hang out
in space so I got that going for me you
know space just looking at every skate
ever space makes me regret buying no
man's sky oh sorry
one of the biggest blue balls in gaming
history says connect see in 120 you know
I know they they recently did an update
it's a no man's sky did they fix it or
just an update cuz I doubt they fixed
the game needs a lot of fixing the UH
the update the game needs to be a game
there's no game that's a big big update
the update had base building I actually
really don't know what's all in the
update cuz I don't care you know so I'm
not entirely sure what's all in the
update mostly because I don't really
care so are there any other those
recently released trailers that we have
talked about it we had them all I'm
trying to think of anything else that
happened during the PlayStation event
which I did not watch what was the
PlayStation event it was literally just
a PlayStation event so they just we need
we need some hype yep
hey everyone people just want
blood-borne it was the hey look at us
event the PlayStation experience they've
announced a ton of indie titles that you
can already play on PC coming to
PlayStation as the console exclusives
which you know
if you are a PlayStation 4 owners it's
gonna be good stuff like the flame in
the flood which was a game I enjoyed a
lot is coming to the PlayStation what
else is a bunch of cool shit and some
other shit I didn't care about so I
don't know people chat what was the
PlayStation experience the only thing
that anyone's talking about is that
stupid Kojima bullshit why because it's
weird man just because got Kojima's name
on it yep
cuz it's this weird thing there's
literally nothing to talk about
there's nothing to get excited about
there's nothing to talk about yeah I
agree the skull guy looked neat but
because it's this weird thing that's
what they talk about like oh we got a
weed thing it's it's like 1980s
Macintosh commercial like what what is
this how does this relate to a computer
how does this relate to a videogame
that's it no that's all of it
sorry chin says conversation topics
there we go let's talk about the fifth
element what the heck is that soy sauce
looking thing dripping off of people's
foreheads I haven't seen the Fifth
Element since it came out and I'm not
even sure I saw it and it's an entirety
really yeah at the time I thought that's
a bit too silly for me it's great I
might like it more now if I saw it now
fifth elements is great great movie
great movie that it's it's like it's
like a like a psychic blood that's right
that's what it is it's psychic blood do
you remember it's they really don't I
really allege it Amit Lee don't oh the
main villain in the fifth element is is
a giant devil rock in space okay it's
it's pure hate in form of a moon yeah
and vaguely remember that and it has
some psychic type powers where it can
you know talk to people
through their brain and everyone who
talks to it has like black oil crude oil
dripping from their forehead okay but
they're not cut or anything oh shit yeah
just gotta kill this fuck away and it's
like psychic blood is what I'm gonna
call it okay Laura Arkon says did you
guys watch the game award show by Jeff
Knightly and how much of a shill the
show was I think I can only remember the
advertisements more than the awards also
fuck preorders award shows are
completely meaningless all that matters
is whether or not you like the thing
whether or not somebody else wants to
give that thing they liked a medal
yeah there's no reflection upon you or
your tastes it's just stupid yeah that
is a very correct rich yeah
overwatch won game of the year okay is
is what I remember from the game award
show which you know it's neat for me
just because I play overwatch so yeah
game I like won an award that's great
but well gee I'm not a fan of
multiplayer only shooters I guess that
means I'm wrong I got an award yeah
that's that my opinion is wrong I was
gonna tell you that but uh I thought you
knew it already so so then I just I
didn't feel like going into it yeah but
doing one best action game I like do
before it one best action game what do I
care about it once an arbitrary award
that that somebody who decided their
opinion mattered more than other opinion
people's opinions decided to give it
hold on
now you're just you're just talking
crazy this was I'm sure a very important
award show rich what a what award show
was it the the the supers the supers it
was the supers award rich
so now don't you feel silly yeah very
silly yeah that's what I thought
that's what I thought
great no you know it's I get award shows
I don't care I don't care about award
shows at all but I get it because it's
it's not just it's not just like
assholes telling everyone it's all about
hype generation then I still do the
Spike Video Game Awards is that what
this was oh maybe I have no idea there
there's there's there's like game hype
generation marketing right and then
there's also just general awareness hype
and that's what these award shows are is
is it's just an excuse for people to
talk about video games and it's like
fine that's fine it's it's just it's
just like hey hey games media we're
gonna give you something to talk about
and that's it
it's fine it's all fine stood shaman
says speaking of no man's sky I'm still
hoping you guys will take a look at star
flight I know it's old as hell but I
really think you'll like it
thanks man my sky oh thanks comma man my
sky okay that makes sense I know uh
speaking of just of Game Awards that
dragon cancer won an award
don't you remember that's that game
about like the guy made the video game
when his son was dying of cancer and
it's about your son dying of cancer
yeah it's like it's supposed to be like
this emotional masterpiece yeah it
sounds depressing yes it sounds very
depressing I probably is but oh shit
shit now they're mad at me I was hoping
if I just bumped into it and stole their
loot they wouldn't be mad at me Bobby I
you know kacper in the chat I actually
agree with you I have the same opinion
he says this game makes me want to try
Ally dangerous this game yes
oh very little very little yeah I don't
know why very low lose a lot about it I
was enjoying at the time I did play it
stop fucking firing at me
what's the lead dangerous elite
dangerous is a space flight sim when you
got a spaceship and you fly around two
planets yep well next time play leave
dangerous fuck fire fight space in fake
space
you're fighting interface I don't give a
fuck I fight his big space I'm fight
fucking help
and my inertial dampeners are all down
and so it's like when I'm controlling
like a controlling like a like a 57
Chevy on an icy road over here cat damn
it hold up is this a spaceship game is
it open world elite dangerous is I don't
know how open this is no this is not a
this is a this is procedurally generated
pickup not open world so this this is
FTL but instead of tactical battles you
do spaceship battles you do this
game child.you cases BS award at the
game awards is most anticipated game
like what the fuck kind of award is that
no man's sky wanted last year
I agree like what I like I agree I like
what I like doom was game of the year
for me and thank you for spring I went
black cuz fucking Windows and Chewbacca
deserved a medal and a new hope yeah
first of all yes he did Chewbacca's the
second-class citizen yes he totally is
yeah it's not right it's not fair but no
that's Star Wars for you you know what
are you gonna what are you gonna do
about it great that can be our hostel no
fucking great fucking great rich the GMB
our hostel now yeah I know what that
means
not necessarily that means the junior
high school yeah probably that will
shoot at you yes can i repair some shit
darn it
look the cancer game is important
because games are art right and that
proves that games are art because cancer
cancer proves games are art we need
games to be art yes therefore games have
cancer wait yes I want to say you're
correct but also this sounds crazy let's
dig up Ebert and prove to him games are
art that's exactly what it is you know
the big question about that dragon
cancer and I know nothing about it I
don't know anything about the gameplay I
know nothing about anything is if
someone were to play it without knowing
the backstory of the developer would
they have an emotional response to it
hmm I don't know I haven't played it
they're right I know I know I know
nothing about it
I don't I can't tell you what type of
game it is what genre it is but if it is
a game that can elicit an emotional
response good
don't think that's why the guy the kid
who had cancer made the game that's why
I got an award though it got no word
because cancer it could be a good game
but cancer also his art get award also
keep those art shouldn't speak I haven't
played the game it might be a great fun
it could be a great day from it probably
isn't made by a grieving father I don't
I don't think that'll put you in the
mindset to make something entertaining
how do you know like you said you're not
a grieving father what if what if you
play it and it's just the greatest
fucking thing it's the greatest
experience get Josiah to cancer I'm
gonna make the most fun game in the
world to be fair I think he played it
while he was dying cancer game for the
first game of 2017 fucked up I think I
have actually suggested playing that
dragon cancer on screen before yeah I
think I have and then we talked about it
you said what's that I said it's the
game where the kid has cancer and you go
no no no it's like it's gonna have a lot
of tough people talking about it - no I
don't recall this like me I think that
was our exact conversation that was our
exact conversation oh yeah yeah
right the real van says yes jack I'm
Jack did you see the guy who made a fire
watch roller-coaster and planet coaster
I didn't see that I think it was a bit
too exciting for a fire watch ride
how does this work now well so what next
time Google that when you get out and
stare at the Karen is it is it like a
slowed frame that just goes through one
end of a forest to the other and then
back again no it's an actual roller
coaster with ups and downs that's what
that's what you're saying it's too
exciting
okay it's too exciting but uh but you
know like they they they made all of the
like foliage foliage Foley yeah look
like fire watch and they they made the
mountains and okay there was a fire in
one area it was it was a whole thing
that's not fire watch unless you're
slowly going through one end of the
forest to the other terrible training
what
sorry Chen says if you all tried any of
salmon Max or Telltale's back to the
future I know their walkie /
point-and-click II but they're kind of
funny the Back to the Future game did
feel like a Back to the Future for
except Interactive Jack I don't you've
got the salmon Max's up on your steam
mm-hmm what do you think of the salmon
max haven't touched him
okay I believe they were gifted to me at
one point and I honestly have not
touched them I know they are their guns
I they're gaining their guns they are
games I should play and I just I just
never got around to them the classics
the Santa max games all right no there's
a point quick yeah pretty much yeah and
I guess I never really cared I have all
seven or eight of them and there's
always other there's just so much shit
to play this can never be overstated
that there is just so much fucking shit
to play and sometimes you just want to
play an old game you know sometimes you
play a game that you've played a million
times it's comforting
sometimes gonna play the kind of newish
game that you play with swings in
general I'm not the biggest fan of
cornflakes because I have a very short
attention span and I get bored very very
easily so
try to stay away from this looks better
than no man's sky Jack this is better
than no man's sky significantly god
damnit do you remember the battles of no
man's sky what a joke they were yeah
yeah that's like thinking about no man's
sky right speaking of not thinking about
games
I was I was uploading our Dishonored 2
episode to the youtubes yeah and I get
to the point where I have to add the the
little annotations you know like next
video last video and then you know I
find the I find the the clip of the last
one on YouTube and you know do all do
all the the YouTube stuff right to make
sure that you can click on that easily
yeah and I'm going through our old
videos and I can't find our last prereq
that's weird and so and I keep scrolling
down on the YouTube page and eventually
I get to event 0 oh yeah events it wait
a minute we did another game in between
there and for the life of me even though
I spent 20 hours playing the game an
hour talking about it in another 20
hours editing wait I could not remember
between event 0 and discerner - yeah
what was the last game we played that we
did thought about right gears Gears of
War 4 meanwhile the whole time you're
talking about it I was trying to think I
could not remember what the last episode
was that's how great Gears of War 4 was
life-changing for the life of me I
actually had to plug in my old hard
drive you're right is that asteroid an
Easter Island head ok nevermind oh look
vaguely like an Easter Island head yeah
so I had to plug in my old hard drive
and you know dig up the name of the last
episode we did because I couldn't
fucking think of it oh my G
no man's sky at least was memorable in
the fact that I hated it like I had so
much disdain for it that I can I can
remember her and you know I I wanted to
play it well apparently I hated
dishonored even though I liked it so oh
you can't rent check
you can't win how strange that you hated
dishonor I thought I said I liked it
I've got the comments I guess I couldn't
stand it weird that's very strange rich
I have a clear memory clear memories of
you uh recommending it so weird
same thing him with the Metal Gear 5 Oh
God right we both recommended Metal Gear
Solid 5 but justice good despite the
fact that Kojima had his head up his ass
it is a play ball yeah cuz you know
there was a section where you were
riding a unicorn that was on fire we
thought that was a little weird
hold um the gameplay top notch ten out
of ten well can't win rich just can't
win
Nana said hey is rich a masochist I mean
he likes
XCOM FTL bad movies and reading YouTube
comments all signs point to yes but
figured I'd ask anyway wait ex-cons like
fucking easy
maybe if you're an idiot I've been
trying it was my new obsession I can't
do it I'm trying to get through
XCOM enemy within yeah first you know
quite the first one the first one in the
reboots yeah without losing a single
soldier on commander difficulty we can't
do it jack
can't do it I'm very sorry rich I got
tantalizingly close I had the Titan
armor and I didn't quite have plasma
weaponry but I had the good fucking arm
around I lost someone on this plush it
for supply sure if I ran across just
fuck those things I'm very very sorry
but I mean like I'm I'm at a place and
XCOM enemy within where I'm trying to
get through without any loss of life
it's not that's not masochism at that
point because I it's not that hard
well let me let me ask you a question
speaking of that yeah you've you've set
yourself a goal and XCOM yeah right
because I enjoy it right because you
enjoy this this kind of goes to the
whole because I've see a lot of people
like agreeing and disagreeing with both
of us as far as the the loose nature of
dishonor to here is here is a goal that
you've set for yourself and XCOM - yeah
that is not necessarily part of it I
already did it - yeah yeah that it's not
necessarily part of game it's a
self-imposed tension yeah isn't that
very similar to dishonor to where it's
like the the rules that you set for
yourself are what make the tension oh no
because my first time through the game
that wasn't like that okay
and I don't know this is for tension
it's not for I'm not doing it so it's
tense I'm doing it for the challenge
okay I'm with you
it doesn't necessarily everything just
just for the challenge of it that's
something about long war but long well
here's that long warm it sounds like
they did some things on the strategic
layer I like I did some they did some
things with airplanes and plane combat
that sounds neat yeah I don't like what
they've done on the tactical and I don't
like the fact that there's like up to 12
fuckin soldiers now and I don't I don't
like how they expanded the the the
powers trees and you get a judge choose
between three fucking things just they
made that more complicated than it
needed to be there's a visit beautiful
simplicity to the to the vanilla
tactical combat but I love it's like
crack to me that's what I love I don't
like the sound of the changes they've
made and to be fair I've never even
tried it just because it doesn't sound
appealing to me that aspect of it
wait the next Jesus Christ shut up
already should be the original ex-con I
like I played the original XCOM I'm
probably not gonna play it on well now
I'm not gonna say never because I didn't
the new one is just replaced it
I really really love the tactical aspect
of the new XCOM more than the original
isn't that all that matters
yeah grab the Final Fantasy Tactics
people are bitching and moaning again
you know what you can do
refuses to play cuz it's not American
yeah that's that's why it's not American
yeah yeah I was unaware that we only
played him and yeah I know I thought I I
thought I liked No More Heroes yeah I
thought I did apparently I don't you
know what game I thought you liked but
blood-borne yeah yeah I thought I did I
thought I liked that too I thought that
was really fun I was really convinced
that you that you liked blood-borne but
I guess not I guess not yeah fuck's it
Tsar the end resume that's even Hideo
Kojima I thought I liked that yeah yeah
I was pretty sure you like that you
didn't like that it's not that saying I
don't it's not American so yeah I guess
they're right yeah yeah oh
rich sounds like you might be racist
oh shit I have to hate vanquish now I
have to stop talking about vanquish
three times the stream god damn it yep
yep sounds like you do
I have to stuff to the Vanquish fucking
every single episode you mentioned how
much you love vanquish you can find you
find a way to sneak it in not even sneak
it in if it's relevant I bring it up I'm
sorry it just happens to be relevant if
we're playing a console shooter vanquish
is the only one that has done it right
in my book
I mean I love that game despite the fact
that I can only currently play it with a
gamepad right it's all good I think
vanquishes it has transcended its
control scheme
has transcended its controls theme
that's
it's actually some serious praise
sorry chin says also Jack the object do
you think that winter fort will ever be
built what is winter fort and why might
it not be built those are great
questions those are great questions rich
oh I know what these things are winter
fort is the fort that we were trying to
build and don't starve together mm-hmm
will it ever be built okay okay
basically will we continue to play don't
starve together you know
time time rich time is a terrible thing
and giveth and taketh and chatez first
Karen in an RL m discussion Karen does
not enjoy a bad movies it's not her
thing and half the time when we go to
the movie theater she falls asleep
during the movie she's just not a movie
person like during a good movie she can
barely make it through a good movie yeah
and you guys wanted to fucking watch the
samurai cop get real some people are not
bad movie people and you have to be okay
with that Jan why are you so against
trying Final Fantasy Tactics Finny's
game play you like just interested since
you're a guy who only cares about
gameplay I played but I'm assuming Final
Fantasy Tactics is with swords there's
probably some sort of ranged weapon and
I know I didn't care much for banner
banner saga which was tactical combat
with swords yeah four completely
different yeah
total devices rich and Jack I'm Jack how
much for you're rich a Sierra game
stream of your choice a whatever the
fuck you are money or whatever the fuck
lawyer game with Karen potentially doing
a voice just wondering be well huh Luke
72w says Jack and rich after last week's
stream I was able to organize 205
towards rich playing Final Fantasy if
anyone is interested in contributing
please email and I'm not gonna read that
because I don't want to play Final
Fantasy - made sense how about for a
Metal Gear Rising stream as a for fuck's
sake night just shit on it just shit all
over it just a pissed off the stream and
the rest of the world lol cut my wife
passed through when I have nothing
against Metal Gear Rising it's made by
the same people who made vanquish it's
probably fun I have just never gotten
around to it it's not one I plan on
shooting on for no reason you have that
though right oh yeah I just never got
around to it I got I have a thousand
games and on the stream right now I was
in Wow fuck that might not be an
exaggeration at this point between steam
and Gog and old shit I have on disc oh
sure I believe it
I'm gonna have to resend that that final
fantasy thing what I mean
the the 998 996 I might have to rescind
that you can't you cannot can't like
ever nope you've you've made you've made
a declaration rich I will not allow you
to recenter alright I could claim that
the sale price is over though and it's
like no 2999 I know I could do that
no well you can do whatever the fuck I
want check one you can do whatever you
want to you can rescind the 996 sales
price but that's the easier one Hey then
you have to learn how to set your own
goddamn monetary limits if if you are
going to rescind it you need to give a
time yeah yeah so you can say like if I
don't receive this in the next week then
the offer is no longer valid yeah yeah
but I you can't just you know like if
they raise the money and go no but it's
over - too late that it's it's really
not bait I I legitimately don't care to
play final fantasy oh I and I know that
I know that about you rich all that and
that's why it's important to me that uh
that you go through with your promise
because you've said a bit of a
ridiculous price I feel and so if they
if someone manages to scrape that
together together it's happening unless
you want to give it do you want to give
a time period right now
in case it happens yeah like 800 people
come together and each give a couple
bucks yeah possible it's possible rich
anything's possible
Anonymous is hijack and rich any chance
you could do a first four hours of final
fantasy 15 just saw Conan O'Brien do a
review of the game and reminded me of
you too uh anything we do couldn't be as
brilliant as that Conan O'Brien bed
that's exactly what I was gonna say yeah
Conan nailed I'm actually really glad we
weren't thinking of doing so in the
final fantasy yeah because then it would
have been a waste of our time because I
wouldn't have published it cuz Conan
nail right right owned an absolutely
goddamn nail there and I'm sure it's the
reaction I probably would have happened
right I'm sure ya know our our input on
final fantasy is not needed
Brian shadow says have you ever played
the stalker games Russian first-person
shooter that will hand your asked you
repeatedly just it's Jay as his jakey as
fuck
great there was no space between the
ants and the as it says janky as fuck
but great uh what's right about him I
just haven't played it I'm trying to
think of a game that handles really
fucking walks but I still love it I'm
sure I can think of something if I'd
done around right long enough like yeah
this game doesn't actually feel good to
move Mega Man Legends make it my legit
though that's it Jake is fuck cuz they
didn't understand 3d controls yet it can
you control like a fucking tank but I
love that game and you look like Megaman
my game was fucking awesome but it's
Japanese so I hate it I play I think I
play I think I got through like twenty
minutes of that game and I had to quit
because the controls were so fucking
garbage like the worst I've ever played
this rich know about Final Fantasy 13 it
is different gameplay than other Final
Fantasy games I also don't like anime
get through your fucking skulls I don't
like anime there's a lot that rich just
doesn't like about the Final Fantasy
series in share those games are
obnoxiously anime as fuck
yeah that's true they're very anime
there have been exceptions to this the
way I said I like Batman legends that's
very anime that is very anime there are
exceptions to this it's like vanquish
that's very anime that's not that's not
vanquish giant robots anime doesn't have
a monopoly on robots they got a lot of
robots I got nothing us anime visually
either there we go see that's what I'm
getting at yeah some animes have to have
a lot of fucking robots man that's just
the enemy yeah I know Mega Man Legends
is anime as fuck it's one of the few
it's one of the exceptions
oh my god
oh my god
yeah
physics penises yeah hey rich yeah do
you see that Dead Rising one is on steam
along with two and director's cut of two
hey Jack can you say so much corn my GF
and I love that so much
thanks you fucks yes thank you for
letting me know I already owned the Dead
Rising one though the a wonderful fan
gifted it to me so I have it thank you
for your concern
Jack can you say the corn thing or no
you don't have to do anything I don't
have to do anything I though I love that
in the starter valley reviews so much
corn I better read than in the started
yeah there you go
there you go sir Lawrence's but
seriously how much for a Sierra game of
your choice stream it is my birthday
coming up and sadly literally that's all
I want
be well hey I don't know the word that's
like very whorish you know the final
fantasy thing is a joke it's a joke that
I'm afraid people are gonna actually go
through it right we we've been playing
the Sierra things when we've been in the
moon uh yeah I'm with you rich I'm with
you if you don't feel like playing the
Sierra games and don't I don't even know
where we'd go next with it that's I
think that's the tricky part right
because I worry the quest for glory
games are too grainy to have a smooth
yeah
streaming playthrough of the full game
and we've tried got a level up string
you know I'm gonna ship it we've tried
Leisure Suit Larry and didn't have good
results yeah police questioned everyone
no one was going down yeah
oh he's worse than the Space Quest I was
gonna say we got Space Quest too cuz
we've only done the first one of those
the early King's Quest games might be
just too simplistic
there's nothing I don't think is that
much in the way of dialogue okay I'd be
okay with uh with another space quest
yeah I'd love to do another space quest
that first one was magical
was a magical experience I don't care
what you donate I am NOT playing final
fantasy 15 to completion I know I don't
care what you donate unless it's four
million dollars
I'm not playing final fantasy 15 to
completion
four million four million will get your
final fantasy 15 to completion not even
a actually right no way because we could
have to split it so I'm gonna say eight
million eight million would play Final
Fantasy 15 to completion Wow rich Evans
not fucking around in the slightest not
even not even leaving that door open
oh fuck no I love it I love it
you crazy bastard eight million dollars
well like you know pay pal take kind of
that too so I don't even know if you can
donate a million dollars
we might have like a maximum limit how
much someone could donate at once
again well again what but I'll
double-check that just in case someone
wants to donate eight million dollars
I'll make sure they actually can how
about that no problem I'm on it however
you want to handle it
price is eight billion well right but I
want to make sure like if someone is
crazy enough to want to donate eight
million they can think up cuz right now
I like we might have a limit on how much
people can donate at once you know it's
probably something ridiculous like a
hundred thousand but like something no
one would ever donate anyway but there
are insane people in the world well then
then we have eight million dollars and
that's fine that's why I want to make
sure it could happen be the end of
prereq from day after that what are you
talking about
you would have to play final family
after that I don't think I can handle it
anymore how long do you think that would
take a while to play Final Fantasy two
good games are noxious ly long what we
and then 100 percent completion here
that means you do all of the things you
have to do to get there perfect to
whatever achievement you think you can
do it like what and you know obviously
with chewy change our streaming schedule
that would change you know we would
probably do daily streaming yeah yeah
what do you think a month I don't know I
don't know I'm just trying to be
practical here about the eight million
dollars that will never and I'm saying I
don't know how long it would take to do
it well let's just assume let's assume
to like a hundred percent everything it
would take eighty hours okay
probably more actually let's say a
hundred hours
so we turn it into a full-time job so we
got so we got so absurd so we got five
days a week
ten-hour days of final fantasy mm-hmm so
you got fifty hours that's just two
weeks man you can do that for eight
million dollars yes yeah and then that's
just two weeks so you know what like
fuck yeah we'll go right back to regular
prereq after that we're talking about a
hundred hour no we're talking about 50
hours a week so even if it's 200 hours
if I completing everything in Final
Fantasy's 200 hours that's a month for a
million does it's fucking easy we go
back we you know we would take a month
off after that just for rich to reset
his his final fantasy brain and then
we'd get back to it I'd solo stream for
a month rich would have to take some
time off we would insist it not and not
in by the way he wouldn't just take time
off from prereq you would have to take
time off from red letter media in
general you would be useless yep
they would ask you to put on the plain
cat costume and say fuck off and yeah
and you just say you just say what's
what's my if I take off my my playing a
costume that means I have negative three
charm and plus three attack and that one
too good as blanket I have all the stats
so that's another thing you people need
to think about is is making rich play
final fantasy to completion means that
he won't be on any red letter media
content from two months Mosley there was
a boss and Final Fantasy 15 that takes
72 hours to beat now I saw that on the
Conan thing yeah you have to pull you
have to keep it on for 72 hours straight
in real time that's fucked up man you
know that is fucked straight the fuck
yes I know I know it's not turn-based
but I've seen video of a Final Fantasy
15 and the characters all look like
jackasses that I wouldn't ever possibly
want to play as yes completely unlikable
and obnoxious like open shirts
oh fuck them abs show and anonymous says
I have watched 225 films this you and
man down is the worst film of the year
man down helps veterans like DW Griffin
Birth of a Nation helps civil rights oh
Jesus Wow I don't even know a man down
here I don't either
so there you go I have not heard of this
man down how many movies do you think
you watch this year not too many right
yeah
games yeah a lot of games
I've probably watched more hours of
television than I have watching movies
this year and I don't know how normal
that is not a lot of movies I've wanted
to see and a lot I've wanted to see that
I haven't seen yet
okay we are add nine-nine I'm gonna
stretch my legs
what is wrong with the Final Fantasy
fans why are they so insane that's a
great question I'm just going through
this and they're insane
they can't accept a dissenting opinion
I'm not interested that Watchers do that
you have to mention that the whole
world's interested in that Jesus fuckin
Christ
I hate you people
sorry Chen na Wei do you get bad Jack
well we're getting another beverage all
I just heard was rich yelling at you
nice folk for apparently been raging
their song they're terrible people sorry
Jen says fun fact I legit almost tip you
guys 998 but not even to play final
fantasy 15
final fantasy it was just out of sheer
curiosity I didn't because steam tip
glitched up in Ebru is not very bright
save your money for damn money JP versus
the world says rich Just Cause 3 will
scratch that vanquish vanquish itch of
yours sorry to keep mentioning this game
Jack have you seen super rad Raygun it's
an indie pixel art game you'll love it
super I think I believe I've heard of
super rad Raygun
shuttle illipe 5 says hey Jack and rich
have you ever played Superman 64
it's a stylistic design to be that way
game and it challenges you
intellectually visually a well visually
appalling anyways you should check it
out I'm drawn I'm assuming it was a K on
the end of that drum nope he's drawn
yeah yeah drawn man you feel horseshit
what does about us that makes people
drink Jack what is it about us I don't
think we make people drink I think we
and I think we have things in common
with these we drink like we hate
ourselves and I say that as I'm having a
drink right now and you know it's just
that's we we all we all hate ourselves
and maybe think a little too much so we
need a little something to calm my
brains just calm them brain stems have a
little beer I'm drugged
you got something here that's off the
chain
what is it these pepper tini chips yeah
like something here yeah
what does a pepper tini chip it's it's a
chip that tastes like a pepper tini
what's a pepper teeny it's that spicy
okay
it's that spicy pepper that you put like
on shit that's super spicy right yeah
and there are chips here in the kitchen
this very moment that are like spicy
pepper teeny bit chips that's great and
they're super awesome that's that's
great let me tell you know that I don't
don't do spice very well you know I have
a very low tolerance for oh well then
you would not like them I mean it would
not be good
I enjoy spicy things so I like them a
whole lot and I just had a handful so my
breath might stink and I need to
apologize for that because I'm sitting
right next to you
total ayah says all right horrors get
playing some space quest just kidding
thank you for discussing it
I appreciate your views and I don't want
to buy you guys or something if you do
play my birthday is one 15:17 be well go
do some space quest it's been a while
since we've done one of those voice
games
- well Space Quest were my space class
you have to do all the puzzle solving oh
that's right because you know last time
we did space course I want to say the
majority of Space Quest was you calling
in yeah and so like you couldn't even
you couldn't even help if you wanted to
above yeah we can do more Space Quest I
like that game
I like that Space Quest that was a lot
of fun we're low on fuel need to take on
some more
so I'm gonna say heck yeah we'll do that
what does that stop us from playing more
Phoenix right it was just like we were
going to do once I remember we didn't
what's the problem like it was like
software yeah we did have to yourself or
capture problems which are taken care of
now yep so I remember that being a thing
we had to back out of yeah we were
planning on doing more Phoenix right and
then we stopped because the DEA's
capture software was all wrong but we
fixed that so we can do more Phoenix
right anytime we feel like it it has
been a while since we've done goofy
voice yes I agree so let's hop on that
who did
you know okay that sounds like a plan
we got ourselves a plan
oh gosh my torpedo
great
I hate Phoenix right but that stream was
funny purely for witches accidental
Kermit voice which one was that what was
accidental Kermit I think you were doing
you were doing the the villain as George
Lucas yeah and yeah you just every once
in a while would slip into Kermit that's
that's just how I do Lucas versus
subdued Kermit no it was great yeah
those are fun streams
oh ho oh ho ho then classic Oh ho-ho
Kermit the Frog here in done George
little business much little dog he's
he's really he's Saturn Herman he's very
close but George Lucas worked up can
sound a lot like Kermit the Frog that
sounds about Canadian but that was your
Mickey Frog Canadian Lucas worked up
absolutely that's great that's great and
I love it more Phoenix right coming up
might not be on Wednesday it's very
possible that Wednesday we are going to
have we are something special is going
to happen that's a the mic still classic
Irma the Frog story I believe you have
said told to me that makes the classic
Kermit the Frog story but you might as
well tell it again for anyone who's new
here
Mike does a spot-on Herman o lazy you so
I haven't heard him do it in years years
been he used to do a spot-on
Kermit the Frog like it was fucking
perfect one day I was telling somebody
about how great I Kermit the Frog might
the mic just like just the best fucking
Kermit the Frog mic by D criminal it
early did it horrible just to make me
look like an ass
that's so mike groupid though I'm sorry
already
he did it in half in America okay I
could see that but you know we won't be
playing Phoenix right tomorrow or that's
my Wednesday because then I'm looking
into the still so may not having never
know you never know but just to to get
to get some sort of hype happening we
may have a special guest on Wednesday
which I'm very excited about
but yeah also maybe nothing will happen
and if we don't have a special guest
then we'll be pretty great oh that I
like that sure sure
wait wait a fuck no the special guests
will not be max landis it's a fine guess
it's a fine guest that is a fine who is
shooting barriers
oh my god yeah there's a hole there's a
whole thing happening there there's just
a whole thing I'm totally fucked so
you've got mega lasers I have mega
lasers which is very nice here you fuck
Wow that sucked
oh I do have our berries yes shigeru
miyamoto that's that's who it is how did
you out of they know how do they know
it's the guy who invented Final Fantasy
it's gonna be an awkward conversation to
say the least
I will tweet it out if it's happening I
will tweet it out if it's gonna happen I
hope it happens I might have saw but in
any case that's the plan that's the
rough plan is either special guest or
Phoenix right and I think those those
are fine plans yeah
Lunar Oregon says fuck Final Fantasy and
fuck the Final Fantasy fans
you're welcome rich also rich play
whatever the fuck you want because we
don't want another 7th guest stream as
stream was great I don't know what
you're talking about I mean it was all
right
that was an all right stream right there
I think the seventh-day string was a lot
of fun played a game people were tasking
us to play for a while I had some fun
had some laughs got some new shit stay
out of this are you feeling lonely where
should I go now boom everybody's happy
that's it you know I'm boom so good all
you want to do is the Mizzou so many
people Zooma zoom-zoom in you boom boom
and you just go hey shake your rump you
know shake it
Joe check baby chick baby 1 2 3 4 you
know check 1 2 3 4 baby check baby 1 2 3
4 check baby check baby 1 2 3
check baby check baby 1 2 this is a real
song all right great
your shield is permanently disabled that
sounds you can't bad I cannot do that so
we're just gonna salvage need gas the
most important thing in the world to me
here at this moment is gas rich that is
what I mean when rich is pissed off it
makes for such a funny stream dance
angry monkey dance
yes yes
that's exactly what I needed why my life
support system was damaged so I need
nanobot scrap compound gas okay even
repair a bit of my hole all right we're
back on it great
sorry Chen says here's another random
two bucks but about PW could not do it
on Friday because I won't even be home
Wednesday slash any other day around the
9th is just fun well we don't stream and
Friday normally so I won't worry about
that yeah but uh maybe Sunday maybe next
Sunday okay
Wednesday you do special guest or
Phoenix right yeah and if special guest
happens Wednesday we'll do Sunday
Phoenix right okay boom boom that's very
accommodating of you for one person we
were gonna play more very very calm we
were gonna play it anything I don't I
don't we were gonna play it anyway so
why not why not make a plan you know
what I like I like plans rich I love
having a plane telling people what's up
who dad won't forget $999 you know
though that takes precedent obviously
9:00 for Wednesday not for Wednesday but
you know obviously obviously that would
take precedent over Phoenix right sad
says heya so back in October you should
have gotten an embroidered half in the
bag portrait of Jay and Mike in a hoop
and I was just curious whether it
arrived safely and if you all saw it and
liked it rich is so offended that he's
leaving where's this fuck
Thanks
Oh God
I see that what is that oh that's great
that's beautiful
a hand embroidered Jane Mike
that is adorable the lost art of
cross-stitch rich everyone likes it it's
on our shelf it is yeah it's been up
there I guess I just haven't there's a
lot of shit on your shelves that's true
we get sent a lot of stuff yeah and I
don't mean shit in a negative way I just
mean like some of it sheds some of it I
don't even get like here Helen welcome
to check out my shelves yeah there's a
lot of weird stuff over here Richie Rich
is about to show you guys some weird
stuff what do you got rich and what is
that brain powder bring pose brain
powder for zombies brain powder for
zombies okay great you guys you guys
were part of doc of the Dead a zombie
documentary so you know maybe skeleton I
think more important rich what is that I
don't know that's a very tiny skeleton
that's a very tiny tiny man skeleton no
do you get that no actually you know
what I have I have those skeletons there
they're like action figure skeletons
yeah he's really cool they come with
like little accessories like got like a
like a couch you could put the skeletons
on super named supposed to do with this
what the fuck is that
so let's say you say Martha it's great
of course
that'll Christmas tree ornament the ever
relevant Rosie O'Donnell Christmas tree
ornament she thank you for clearing up
the skeleton no I'm like what the fuck
but that's what I said that makes that
makes perfect sense that was a big part
of that uh was that a Halloween episode
oh and and and the other day like a box
like a big big issue ox like like two
feet by one foot box mm-hm
full of nothing but VHS copies of babe
the pig like how many the same movie
over and over again and the sequel and
then I mix them up just like 20 really
that's the season that's where it gets a
little weird 15 or 20 that's where it
gets a little weird as it gave my sister
one you know what a baby's a babe Merry
Christmas
I'll be like babe let's hell I'm giving
anyone this year I'm reading babe yeah I
want to blew them all to our best of the
worst VHS tape wall that's true
what else am I gonna do with it well you
know I know people know that you guys
are working on that though your VHS wall
and I'm for best of the worst so maybe
they came across it too like yeah I'm
just gonna throw these out I'll give him
that red letter media cuz they'll put
him to good use you hope that was the
thought
what else he gonna do it all that you
could responded to the chance to man for
you to remove the skeleton by taking the
tiny skeleton out of the box yeah y'all
wanna we've got to there's no ship it's
a blue package in a red package and I
don't know how long you're gonna remove
the skeleton whoa rich now you're
getting real there's blue and red I'm
not entirely sure what the difference is
supposed to be it's like a kid
yeah that's a kid skeleton girl or
something I don't know I believe it's a
kid's go
that's where I cut my finger open on
stream and I scored what everywhere that
that would be a very gotta go got a
drive rich to the fucking Hospital
all right yeah there it is I removed the
tiny skeleton well not yet remove
skeleton I can't read any of this well
it's in a different language
and and I'm gonna lose the hands is what
oh they're extra hands it's removed
yeah remove skeleton fine you know what
after almost three years of previously
recorded we have finally removed
skeleton
congratulations rich these things are
awesome by the way I got some for
Halloween yeah just as weird stuff to
put around the house and you can buy
little accessories for them and like put
them in poses they're like little
skeleton action figures they're like a
thing yeah and they're great they're
hilarious we have a we have like a
little setup at our house
we're all the skeletons hang out can you
get like a shield and sword maybe that'd
be cool that'll be cool I only found
like normal life things like you could
find like a school desk and a loaf of
bread would this arm is not quite as
poseable as I would like there listen
that not many points of articulation but
enough
Tiny's gone I don't know why I didn't
get that I'm feel ashamed you should
feel very ashamed you should 100% 100%
you should but you know what you figured
it out now I'm here now I am here now
plasma fully harvested haven't I wanted
anyway should I want to break it
somebody sent in a great little mini
placate bus that's just amazing
I'm sorry however skip if you break that
I guess I won't care yeah go ahead do it
yeah there's a lot of weird shit over
here tell you what these shelves are
full of the weirdest shit rich sometimes
I'm concerned sometimes not so much
so this right here is one of the best
things we have that's true there it is
look at that 3d bust of a blanket head
it's beautiful rich
it's just beautiful
things are getting a little real now I'm
fond of that yeah fond of that the other
thing I'm really fond of hopefully
people can help there it is yep now they
can kind of see it it is an actual rich
Evans doll a rich Evans doll have your
own rich Evans doll it's immaculate you
just broke his foot okay oh is it
but rich is saying that the hand is
broke it could have happened in shipping
we don't know
it will forever be a mystery Gatling gun
- nice there there was a hand upon
receiving the rich Evans fully poseable
doll oh so very sorry very very sorry
rich I didn't do it but you know just
sorry in general I don't want I don't
feel the thing that I did it I'm just
saying like I feel bad for you because
it seems like a thing you like
and now they're just gonna think that it
was me but I won't so what did the no
man's sky patch do people talk about the
patch the patch is yeah the patch is a
big deal
what are you doing specifically I want
to change the game the only thing that I
know for sure is that it added
base-building all right but there's
probably other stuff it did probably
right huh you have to assume watch a
giggle it someone a gentleman I giggle
it
why don't you giggle it or if someone in
chat will tell us because you know I
think we have at least a couple people
who are really into no man's sky in the
chat right a couple of you like you
super into no man's sky just a few yeah
someone tell rich what is this what is
this patch all about one one building
base building
you're on a planet build some shit I
don't see it - oh great - some other
shit that it did it also patch in a
reason to want to build a base I would
assume if it added base building it also
adds some sort of reason can I just go
play a better space game instead nope
you know you can't rich you must play no
man's sky no man's sky is life no man's
sky yeah it is the Alpha the Omega
shadow leap 5 says Jack is that it wait
did it just add base building for Jack
please tell rich to play Final Fantasy
those newborn puppies are dying reg play
Final Fantasy save those poor cute puppy
eyes staring puppies are looking at you
do it for them I watched my sister
player wants many many years ago on a
fantasy yeah that's what's the famous
one 7 yeah 7 it just slipped Dulles farm
dull it obnoxious and fuck yeah oh yeah
I played final five 7 a little bit of it
and it was a kind of dose fuck
was over visiting for for Thanksgiving
yeah hanging out in her rooms it was the
only room in that house it's not fucking
contaminated by cats 100% you come on oh
yeah yeah you have cats
you don't vacuuming doesn't help
I'm getting like if I can get 1,300 more
credits I can buy a new ship and we
really want to meet you
so I really don't want to die right now
there's this thing and I don't know what
it is but like I just want it because
it's a big ship thing
je frisk 2 says hey guys hi I've started
watching comedian Doug Stanhope comedy
shows he's just like George Carlin
wouldn't even darker sense of humor
check out his shows on YouTube okay Doug
Stanhope check it up maybe you're lying
and maybe you're not I don't know but
now's not the time to watch in the
middle we're kind of in the middle of
something here we're doing we're doing
things Doug Stan I don't know isn't that
the comedian that gets high all the time
then his chick getting high I don't
think he's very Carlin I'll be honest
with you you see the guy in super high
me the parody of supersize me about
buying weed I believe that's Doug
Stanhope getting Doug with high what
that's that's the comedian mm-hmm and he
was in a he was in a a parody of the
famous documentary Super Size Me called
super high me this sounds dumb yeah well
it's the premise of the documentary was
he's a comedian who's pretty famous for
getting high all the time
yeah and so he's like I'm gonna do it
I'm gonna take a month where I just
don't get high at all and then I'm gonna
take a month where I get so high every
single day and we'll just see what
happens
yeah and as it turned out he got high so
often that nothing really happened it's
nothing nothing in his life dreams so
much but the documentary then kind of
changed focus to be about the
legalization of marijuana and some other
stuff so I was like it was fucking it
fuck it was mildly interesting the
documentary
was getting high on pop specifically
getting high yeah get him pop ha ha
so he's not really a Carlin we've done
is would be my I'm not a user but I do
agree with the legalization of pot I
figure smoking and alcohol are legal
there's not really a great reason why
pop shouldn't be right and I agree I'm
with you and I think I think most people
are coming around to that to that kind
of thinking nowadays that's that's more
they're saying wrong person Jack oh well
there you go that is Benson
Doug Benson Benson oh well see you there
you go rich is the one trolling for not
correcting Jeff I'm freaking know by the
way I'm it's Doug like so isn't that
something I knew some I've never heard
of either of these people Doug Stanhope
Stanhope yeah Rick rich stop trolling me
why is tonight been so god-awful
obnoxious oh yeah that happens
man sometimes nothing we can really do
about it
manaman says the average American
watches six movies a year in the theater
are you normal or at least average
probably slightly below I'm above I'm
above average then if the average
American watches six a year I'd say I go
to at least one a month I rarely go when
it's not for a movie we're doing at half
in the bag oh really
yeah okay yeah I try to make it to at
least a movie a month we have a nice
theater by our house sometimes it's a
movie I don't want to go to like if it's
a kids movie or something like that but
I get out to the theater pretty often
trying to remember what the last movie I
saw in the theater was that wasn't for
half of the bag that's that's the good
question for someone like you
what's the last time you and and not
like one that Karen drugged you two
when's the last time you wanted to go
out to the theater and see a movie like
wanted to because I think I may have
seen force awakens the second time
because my dad and sister bein in town
no no okay well so that's something but
yeah when's the last time that you said
I have to get out to the theater to see
this movie Mad Max fury road and that
was after seeing it for happens I have
to see that again
oh okay that's and I went alone I'm
going to see Mad Max tonight fucking
that's fair fucking love that movie Mad
Max fury road you people could say I
hate everything but I fuckin love Mad
Max fury road you know it was made by a
foreigner so what see from Japan because
apparently I only hate people in Japan
oh no you're right so he's not from
Japan because I lashed out once when I
got badgered by people about anime and
Final Fantasy and actually no other
thing about it I don't know if George
Miller's a foreigner is he a foreigner
yeah he's Australian
I think so yeah yeah yeah he's a dirty
foreigner of course he is
I see that rich Evans loves video games
more than movies yeah you know I think
that's a reasonable statement wonder how
much rich hates animate just because of
his sister I love my sister yep oh yeah
didn't she make you watch like anime
porn what's this that was some that's a
complete that has nothing to do with my
sister I was in high school yeah and I
was kind of like on friendly terms with
one of the special kids that I was I'd
walk through I'd walk by I'd walk by
them like every day I'm away to this
class with this heaviness thing I
library
sorry and so I chatted up with him to
wrongs just a guy friend and one day he
gives me this tape to watch yeah like
this is great oh my god thanks I'll take
this tape and I took it home and it was
just this disgusting head tight shit
that's why it was on like four seconds I
traffic oh god this is the most awkward
thing in the world the next day giving
this special needs kid and that in the
high school was his porn tape back I'm
so sorry I got that confused with a
sister and that is my fault
very sorry I just remember that I
remember you telling that story that's
that's not even the worst thing he did
today
Oh God he was the first person to point
out that I was balding cuz years after
high school when I was in my 20s yeah I
I ran him to him you know in a book
store
he's just happen to be at the Barnes and
Nobles when I was there with Karen and
he looks at me and says you're losing
your hair
I hadn't really noticed until that point
oh he's also what made me realize I was
used to losing my hair early age nothing
but bad memories with that guy oh I'm
sorry forgetting that story is confused
that would have been horribly awkward
had I met your sister yes why the fuck
did you show rich that time porn what he
tells me it just showing people porn
rich why are you telling people I'm
showing people what are you telling
people I'm not show of yours
okay I have enough credits to buy
another ship I need to let you know that
so my interest in playing this game any
further is waning I've reached 10,000
credits which is all I really ever wears
like video I feel Caribous my why you're
gonna have a hairline for a little while
yes I gotta go home hoping overnight
I'd be more upset with Karen you're the
one that's supposed to tell me that shit
weren't a couple at that point oh he was
under she was under no obligation I take
that back she was at the time she was
probably like thank God I'm not together
with him he's losing his fucking hair
it's just gonna go like super fast that
is your job by the way when you are in a
relationship with someone you I mean you
need to be you need to be tactful about
it you need to be respectful about it
but like if they were an outfit that
looks like garbage you gotta let them
know you do you do that's your job
that's your job ins in a relationship
you have to be there mirror wait that's
a credit strain sport oh fuck yeah we're
going in there
mama says thanks for being a tremendous
group of boys tremendous group of boys
devack says one of the executive
producers on Mad Max fury road is
Trump's future Secretary of Treasury
Steve munchin hashtag make America
post-apocalyptic again but with cool
cars and trucks but all right
noted
noted
there's no one really here didn't like
defend this credit transport that would
be important
the chat this evening is one gigantic
facepalm is it yes why what's going on
what did you do check
you're doing great jack
I feel like I'm doing great also I am
doing great how long like can you win
the game tonight how does this work I
have no idea I am playing uneasy okay
because I was failing Oh like what's
what's the goal of this game I have no
idea really yeah
no oh so that's all I got
I don't I think they tell you I think
your uh your little manservant tells you
at the beginning and I forgotten I just
don't really care that much
this is like no mother ship you're
working your way towards let's kind of
that's a letdown this game is still in
early access all right so perhaps we
will get to a point where you know
mother shape or whatnot
all right now I just want to blow this
ship up and actually I think it's
glitching mother ships like the best
part about FTL right taking that thing
down just feel so fucking fantastic the
first time you do it oh god yes I blew
up that ship when it his new ship huh
saying when is new ship as soon as I uh
as soon as I die then I don't think
that's gonna happen you've been on a
long-ass run I'm not a pretty good run
but I'm now running out of shit but I
needed to raise at least 10,000 credits
and I now have 11,000 I've made some
enemies I'll go do a harder level elite
dangerous doesn't have a goal either
except I orgasm here's the thing that
elite dangerous just kind of made as a
space flight sim this is like you know
this is like a a gamey kind of game when
you're making upgrades and shoot the
things to go to the SEC there they go to
the next sector yep yeah and I mean
elite dangerous is like in the vein of
like Microsoft Flight only with a
spaceship oh yeah I do not know that
about elite dangerous this it's a flight
sim space flight sim
I can only assume as soon as this is out
of early access it's gonna be one of
those things where where you know like
Ville tak on the store mm-hmm you know
you got it you got to find your way home
you've been transported to the Delta
Quadrant something like that and
something lame like that
this is this looks more arcadey to me
than a lead dangerous oh god yeah does
this cazuli should shoot that yet oh
this is very arkady
shed I have I have never had to handle
the FTL mothership run by AI I've never
killed all the crew I don't know how bad
it is I hear it's pretty terrible to
deal with
area AI auto repairs that's the tough
part of it how quickly though Wow
oh well hey there we go okay okay I
guess that triple missile launcher
coming back online constantly would
really be irritating oh god yeah so do
we want the light fighter class comes
equipped with a shock rifle a beam laser
or the colonial gunship the heavy
fighter class Fusion blasters flak
cannon that is a fuckin badass ship
design like that let's get a 360 what's
it look under anything less cool
underneath but that's fine that's fine
that you know doesn't that kind of
that's very Kestrel come out from up
down top-down yeah yeah what's the other
one look like I mean this is just visual
I mean whatever you see you don't see it
in the cockpit you know that's not bad
either it's cute you know that's a cube
ship it's your fighter that's your
standard you know a little Thai little
it's a light time you use whichever one
you're Alan that's nice
just one jet engine on the back chance
saying choose the Kestrel flak cannon
gunship ship the Kestrel has the flat
cannon so where that's what we're doing
yeah I'm like why
you sure about locked flak cannon that
ship does look badass
fuck yeah does shit son
jet engine wouldn't work in space jack
it's a thought it looks like a fucking
jet shut up I know that a jet won't work
in space but it looks like a jet engine
and that's the cool part alright we're
just gonna spend credits
they're all right now we're gonna launch
plans in mind they say I just want to I
basically I just want to use the flak
cannon once that's it
and then combat drone scanning that's
mine alright flak cannon look at the
cockpit this is this is different
hmm you know what roomie it's very roomy
it's a big thing
alright let's see we'll see what this
flak cannon can do doesn't seem that a
person well I didn't know what it did
yet no one oh it's not like a garbage
chute it's like a is it rapid-fire at
least no yeah you could probably fire it
more often huh hey that's the second
fire let's fasten you're firing perform
it's alright
I was hoping it'd be more like a garbage
shooter yeah but I like it still I could
do worse uh yeah I agree
what does the other gun do fusion
blaster oh I actually really like to
fuse a fusion blaster gatlings oh I just
had I could have an automatic turret
that's me
that sounds like really really useful
yeah nice yeah I kind of like this ship
this was definitely the ship to go with
this is like it was just like a free
kind of DLC kind of thing or what is
this we'll remember the game is still in
early access so this like hey we finally
made some new ships okay you want them
you want to use them how balanced is to
ship what do you mean just wonder how
balanced it was it's harder I insanely
prefer cockpit view yeah - were you the
other way around my first dream list and
you know I want to use the cockpit yeah
cuz you know this makes sense I can see
more around me but like this just gets
you into it yeah I know I know it's
great this view is what makes the game I
forgot there even was an exterior shot
honestly you know what you ship kind of
looks lame like this just floating
around in space alright we'll see if we
can get into one more battle and then I
want to use that Gatling turret just to
see what it does
how big a twinks thing they probably
like I guess it's a gatlings things yeah
turbo finds out we both already seen the
new death stranding trailer yes we did
it's this crazy arty garbage it's crazy
garbage it's like it's like art man he
has a baby but there's also like a baby
doll that's all torn up it's know it
means something man
you have no shields you don't have
shields Oh interesting can you get
chills can you upgrade to shields or
ship that doesn't have your shields
always not going to have shields I think
like yeah some of these things like
these extra things that you get who can
so you could gain shield you
theoretically could gain shield this you
know that oh this be a good ship for
that Dirt Devil upgrade oh yeah all
right we need some bad guys we need
something we need some motherfuckers to
shoot it up in here we gonna shoot but
it dude
so you've got the knack of flying in
this game - oh yeah and it's still it's
still kind of weird because you know
like just getting a sense of what up is
using the the left joystick up here oh
here's some fuckers there's some fuckers
to shoot I have not played overlord for
the NES oh of Hurdle wrench mustard man
I've never even heard of Overlord for
the NES and if you sent a tweet I'm
definitely not gonna see it because I'm
not on the tweets you don't do the
tweets and do the tweets Jack handles
our tweets
oh yeah look my little turd thing ready
it's just that I'm not pressing any
place you know it's gonna automatically
shoots bitches so you can just focus on
that and like speed and dodging yep
or get him with the old double whammy Oh
this ship is fuckin badass seven pound
it's gonna be taken out of final release
very possible
I don't care I feel like I'm also
playing uneasy but and this is level 2
so great great I feel good I feel good
about that
classic what what comedy rich Oh tough
little ship what's that from is that a
FTO achievement or something that sounds
familiar little dreamer TK it costs
10000 credits so I needed I needed a
good long run before I could afford that
ship and the neck the other ship also
costs 10000 credits - uh sorta pricey
they're pricey they use where your
balance comes in they they make you they
make you learn the game first this is
saving to the stream this is the cloud I
mean let the stream because Savior so
loud yeah save to the cloud yeah so do
we have cherry up it's worth to watch
sure yeah we gotta talk to her I got I'm
saying all the wrong words all the wrong
ones that's okay that's okay I saw that
I saw that there they're moving forward
with their escape from New York remake I
don't necessarily have strong feelings
about escape from New York I know that
it's a good movie it's gay from Newark I
like it
what about escape from here they're
remaking it you know what I'm okay with
that
it'll probably it's going to be terrible
for obably gonna be but I don't know I I
could appreciate a skate from New York
I'm not gonna say that's a movie that
can't be done better here's the problem
though won't have Kurt Russell or or Joe
or John Carpenter so here's the issue
that I've been hearing a lot of people
talking back and forth about it and one
of the things that I can definitely
agree
with his at the time it was made what
was that late seventies early eighties
early eighties early to mid New York
City was a very different city than it
is now yeah it was a scum palace yeah
and so the idea of just walling off all
of New York City kind of made sense
right
kinda like Detroit in Robocop like just
an exhaust slight exaggeration of where
it was exactly so if they do it like if
they made it in modern times they're
gonna wall off like a tourist trap you
know you just make it Detroit you have
to call it escape from Detroit let's
call it escape from Detroit you're right
so that's my only issue and I 81-81
okay so that's that was my big thing it
doesn't matter to me as long as it's a
goofy schlock fest I'm okay with him I'm
okay with anything 1981 kurosu like Kurt
Russell will be one of the generals that
send snake on the mission wait deject no
my ship did not blow up I just stopped
playing because I'm kind of done but now
is the time in the stream in which we
thank all the people who subscribe to us
during the stream people like Ramones
fan 1 and spooky Dookie who has recent
ones in a row solo 56 7 says 11 months
of cynicism and old men arguing about
games
thanks for the hours of entertainment
Jets like simple finchy back in my days
I Finch's with simpler starting to
really feel my aging Jackson are you
yeah
sorry it's terrible this sorry about
their I laugh at it that's I'm glad my
my my aging falling apart life your joke
to you your your cellular entropy yeah
it's it's the cosmic joke we all the
loss of my youth and vitality
so some we can all laugh about I think
so we're it's it's gonna happen to
everyone rich yeah yeah if you're lucky
if you if you're lucky
yep much like the real Vey on for 13
months in a row lucky 13 big Angry Bob
second 12 24 22 fucking months in a row
second 12:26 thanks guys
killer be killed Erebus and aether
dr. gunther hunter hanker 12 months in
rome says so i asked a friend if the
year is a long subscription time that
says da alright pro elite ex trader red
dark flow 83 not a robot 101 says you
hack frauds stop playing
no man sky there rock been the red epic
says you guys are fantastic but JC
jingle all the way is god-awful
wait what's JC oh Jesus Jesus Christ
jingle all the way he's got off I will
probably rewatch it this holiday season
because I got kids we watch Christmas
movies game child UK games health UK
says been a fan for a while finally
decided four months ago to stop being a
cheap fraud bastard rich keep hating
everything in Jack do a review on clerks
with Jay keep hating everything
I'll keep hating everything except for
the things I like but I talk about all
the fucking time Oh Miller sixteen
months in a row says I'm Blaine request
my 499 this month go toward the rich
plays every JRPG ever stream okay here's
what we do rich we concoct a four hour
stream in which every 10 minutes you
play a new RPG that sounds like a
terrible idea every 10 minutes it sounds
like a comedy can you get through a
terrible idea you could get through 24
RPGs bad dreams also games Health UK
real quick Jane I have a couple review
episodes that wow we've been talking
about doing clerks being one of them
budget Messiah the dáil sachem on Salado
see Chapman talati oh you know what I
like the accent on that that works
better
captain wombo stew 91 for 19 months in a
row Hartmann Z says loving the first
snow of the month clone 2727 my child my
apologies for the right-click tip on the
7th guest stream that was introduced for
the 11th hour let me know let me know if
you want a replacement save file nope
you don't have any urge to finish the
7th guest so xalbert crowd says twitch
prime for the win yes twitch prime thank
you Kolak ting data for 21 fucking
months in a row collecting data says
thank you for all the entertainment
Happy Holidays
jack and rich Lucas Ducas 14 months in a
row god was an inside job Jimmy Mick
awesome
Misner one for twenty three fucking
months in a row miser one says prereq
merch
when small run nasty fought fifteen
months in a row 25 fucking months in a
row and a horrible glorious final
fantasy is the worst concept ever just
stand there and take turns poking at bad
guys with sticks or magic or whatever
the fuck
no no zelda bitches leftover beefcake 25
fucking Monsanto roses 8 mil for final
fantasy chat mods would get 6 mil of
that as a keeping the peace feed I think
that's about fair that's another thing
we have to keep in mind here ragin for
any final fantasy stream people are
gonna freak out don't give me nine
hundred ninety eight dollars to play
Final Fantasy it's really that easy
really that's that's the moral of the
story
Jason Quay Korra 16 months in a row
snack pack one Rorschach five-to-four
Janome uh twenty fucking months in a row
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it it's true we really do
did you turn off
