Episode 687
X-Classic (Part 1)
January 6, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uF5LPF2mW_w
___________________________________________

my rock and roll rock and roller remote
controller that's a series uh there's a
there's a video series here in Milwaukee
and then they like make music videos
it's called rock and roll or remote
controller is that is that I rip off
kind of Ayatollah of rock and roll oh I
don't know what I saw with rock and roll
is you know what Ayatollah of rock n
roll is I don't
it's from the road warrior that's Lord
humungus the Ayatollah of rock and roll
ah oh man that's great how's everyone
doing mother fuckers fuckers if we are
streaming we're down at monitor yeah I
don't know if we talked about this
because we had we had Edmund on last
time and I'm not ready to talk about it
and so we're down to monitor yeah and so
we're trying to stream a game oh yeah we
might want to close chatty on this
actually oh yeah you're seeing them pop
up this is just don't monitor caption
you're right you're right we don't
okay great
now I'll get back to em so uh hey
welcome everybody to the stream if we
are streaming it's possible that we are
we got a web tab let's turn the laptop
on I tried to turn it on and then I was
gonna check if we were streaming off my
phone but hey the laptops on good and
I'm gonna check oh here yeah we're live
let's see what we're looking at here I'm
going to tap into us right now and it
looks do they see X down no they they
don't this is what they see oh for
fuck's sake good look at that tiny tiny
game why why why your question rich you
guys you guys see that tiny tiny game
there but this isn't tiny but the game
is tiny right
rich had this great ideas like hey I
want to play classic XCOM and I said man
I think they would love that I think you
need to up the resolution
oh wait what's resizable Oh
holding up hold up hold up where's your
cyborg uh under display mode where it
says borderless now it says resizable
whoa how can you like drag it Hey all
right hold on keep it right there I'm
gonna watch and tell you if it's good
chess power can I hide the taskbar oh
you should probably hide the taskbar I
mean you know doesn't really matter can
you hide the taskbar it's still shitty
right let's see test my location no no
hide
there's no hide well if I could see yet
in tablet mode automatically hide at
Ted's phone desktop mode there you go
boom okay all right there we go hey now
you know what that doesn't look half bad
well we got the top to worry about no
that's just what's gonna happen you know
I think I suppose we're just gonna have
to deal with them what is this this is
open X count doesn't open X come this is
somebody has rebuilt X come from the
ground up to think your tweak it to run
a little bit better run on modern
systems I've never touched this before
in my life okay great this was a
complete last-minute fucking decision
but you have played the original
exercise it's been a while okay I'm
gonna say like a decade okay so so what
we got is what we gots what we got I
know what they can see the game and they
can see us and they can hear us
veteran we've tried clicking on the full
screen button I'm just going with
experience specifically we don't need to
hurry ourselves we tried clicking on the
full screen button and then what
happened is then you guys saw it in that
tiny little window for some reason even
though it looked fullscreen to us and so
where do we put our first base believe
you get more funding in the USA but like
you see the radar coverage there's a lot
of a lot of ocean there yeah a lot of
dead space a lot of dead space hey
welcome everybody
sorry stream is a little later than I
thought we we were filming an episode of
prereq episode and unfortunately had a
little later start than I thought and
then so you never think it's playback
but we're here now we're here now I am
here now
yeah what's right Russia what's the base
name how we do this shit
Vladimir Putin somebody mmm we do a chat
thing what do we do what we do
oh shit man nice name oh shit man oh
shit man that's really dumb Jack move
your mic close fuck you guys are always
with the with the with the I just move
mine further right here Hey okay I'll
just put it in yeah Vladimir Putin in
put it in put it in put it in
Nega bomb boom all right all right go
you watched pastor Ono chat and why
would you do such a thing
why would you watch faster I'm gonna say
it's been so long since I've played this
I no longer have any idea what the fuck
I'm doing
oh no yeah yeah well great when we got
for funding I got a lot of money from
people shit yeah
shit yeah dog shit things yeah dog shit
yeah chicken
dog chicken goes speaking of chicken
cats oh look at this you can't die
that's what we did the episode on and
people know that already I think we did
an episode on the The Last Guardian
Rich and I played it just barely in
Russia just barely who the base put it
in food again yeah it's on the board
it's on the border I don't know if you
can to hunker just so the the Guardian
in the Last Guardian kind of looks like
a chicken cat dog yeah so we've been
talking a lot about chicken cat dogs for
the past hour or so and hey whatever
what trailers hey oh you know what
trailer we saw recently we just watched
the spider-man homecoming trailer looks
good looks fun
very good I'm a little hype a little
excited about spider-man homecoming it's
it's interesting that Tony Stark is such
a big part of the they're smart to do
that thing up tie-ins he's an
interesting character he might not be in
the movie that much but he might have
been in the trailer more sure you know
the whole vulture looks fucking awesome
vulture ones they made the vulture look
badass it's play a different type of
bird man hey oh I did love that part of
the trailer was like I will fucking kill
you hey kill everyone you know what's it
tell you because I I won't let you know
I will literally kill you and everyone
you know what's his name top Tom Howland
yeah great great choice great spot great
fucking choice mm-hmm no that little
even like the tiny little quips we get
when he's stopping the people robbing
the ATMs yeah that's great yeah yeah the
quips he's goofing around he's having
some fun with it
oh that's gonna spite its spider-man
that spider-man is so great I felt
Birdman you saw Birdman - yeah did you
see actually if not you have not seen
but have not seen a lot of things I said
Burma it's all right
Birdman is straight up all right it's
you know it might be a tiny bit full of
itself and the the whole bit of it all
being one camera shot gets old a little
fast but I think I think it's just all
right I love the drum I love the
soundtrack the drum the drum track
of Birdman oh wow it's been so long
since I've played this game jacket I'm
so used to the new one I'm fucking blind
it's great it's literally the definition
of art it's alright it's a good movie I
didn't see the revenant it's Birdman is
a good movie it's it's not necessarily
my thing that Birdman but it's all right
right I did love that however like the
the drummer just kept on popping up in
the movie like the soundtrack is this
constant like jazz experimental drumbeat
and every once in a while the characters
would walk past the drummer in the movie
yes just the drummers just in the world
there's a lot of fun stuff inside
alright movie I'll tell you what you saw
the Guardians 2 trailer yeah
I'll fucking they're asking me man it's
fun time Guardians it's fun
everything's if they can if they can
pull it off and have the ending not suck
it'll be great Birdman is an amazing
movie now just good news all right I'm
agreeing with it I said I'm moving whoa
shit what's happening I'm fighting a UFO
oh really that's really exciting
I forgot what all of these buttons do
great where am I I think you won tonight
did you win
they go
dissing elves nope disengaged um
disengage Oh
I'm relearning all of this shit go get
the UFO man I'm trying to do I fucked up
I fucked up a freelance yes I have
finished the first season of Westworld
I've watched all the episodes of
Westworld and I think it's a really good
show I was just I think just getting
away now I use a little faster than you
is your phone yeah the galaxy yeah like
we're still working on just like going
faster than sound we're still working on
like sound and shit I'm actually
surprised he's that slow but yeah West
world's really really good down really
fun I like the ending how did it land oh
wait wait wait wait
I'm sending my skyranger there oh great
interceptor one uh you patrol here for a
bit and you hurry a fuckup
but all that is also good spider-man's
good it's all true looks great looks fun
vulture looks great
spider-man's costume looks great yep
first time I've liked the spider-man
costume in a movie like it's technically
this end Civil War yep
West world's great guardians - looks
great
everything's everything's fine right now
everything's wonderful right now I know
I know I ended the last stream earlier
there any tips we actually can address
from the West stream somebody asked us
about the afterlife and because not
because I'm gonna ask soul as much as
just because it was too good an analogy
someone I said this is what the
afterlife is like and I just ended the
stream yes is there anything or any of
actually discussing about the afterlife
because then we have similar views on
this oh I mean besides that I don't
think there is any yeah no I mean that's
about it I don't think there is any I
think when you die you dead and you know
that's it
I remember talking with some other
people who who don't believe in like an
afterlife but they were like but man
don't you think like they say that like
our brain gives off electrical signals
and that like your radio waves will like
pass through the universe and I was like
no you're fucking dead man you give off
electrical impulses your entire life
right what's not you yeah impulse is
that really anything without the neurons
to have them do think something useful
right there there is there is one
oddball shot in the dark chance at an
afterlife of a plausible afterlife okay
go for it go for it what is your the
theory that everything that it's
actually somewhat plausible that
everything is a computer simulation that
our entire universe is a computer
simulation
oh no I've not heard this there's
there's three they go so there's only
one universe yeah one actual universe
and lots of different civilizations in
that universe yeah they will all have
computer technology and if you can build
like a simulated universe
there's gonna be much more simulated
universes than there are you know the
one real universe it's all a bunch of
civilizations down on the galaxy all
creating computer simulations of the
universe every one so there's a there's
a real possibility that what we think is
real is a computer simulation running in
the one real universe if that's the case
it's possible the people that built
these simulations believes in an
afterlife and could have programmed in
an afterlife into their computer
simulation of a universe but there's no
there's no like there's no like evidence
that we're living no there is nothing
this is pure conjecture right so there's
like there's pure thought experiment
right right but yes we're living in a a
computer simulated universe and give the
people who made that computer simulation
believe that an afterlife programmed in
an afterlife then we will have what we
think is an afterlife but it's really
just a computer simulation of one to
continue that our computer simulated
selves go to or our computer simulated
selves die like you know what I I guess
my only question is how is that even
plausible like that's where you start I
was like no this there is there's
plausibility here but it's not that's
that's making shit up I'm saying I'm
saying that's your one shot in the dark
jack that's what you've got I don't like
a man I don't like I don't like any bit
of it oh I don't have any fuckin
supplies to give people this is this is
sad this is Santa I've got some very
poorly equipped troops oh shit oh look
you got a guy look at ya guile you gotta
teach him sonic boom motherfucker I know
uh speaking of the afterlife I know
there's like i-i've children as most
people know
and the death comes up often without
children you know my god we go to a
funeral or yeah someone had someone who
dies or whatnot or shit like that
and so death comes up often and a lot of
people like you know my parents will
just be like how how do you deal with
this and I say I say I try to answer
every every any question that my kids
ask me I try to answer it as honestly as
possible
yeah and so you know when when they ask
me like yeah what happens when you die
I say you dead nothing happens right you
don't you no longer think you are no
longer alive you just dead it's nothing
it's darkness and they're like oh okay
you know like I think I think so many
people are worried about like how to
explain death to children and so they
make up all this bullshit uh-huh and
it's just the kids kids are okay with
the world around them if you just tell
them how about how it is what happens
when you die you die and then you're
dead it bugs me just there's nothing you
can do about it it is what it is but Bob
thought affirmative death yeah I don't
like it I don't like a jack I'm not
gonna lie you don't have to like it it's
just it yes yeah it is man it's not
darkness it's nothing yeah right right
but it's like there's nothing you can do
about it no and so it's like you just
gotta yep
cuz you're walking on the metal plane
that's hilarious
dark yes no parents that's right now
Chad remind me over watching classic
XCOM if you know that's just a function
of how much time units you have left
it's not something actually have to set
save time units personnel I guess I'm
not I don't remember how many it takes
I am so rusty at this oh is it a thing
you can just do oh that's a nice feature
all right I think I'm done the master I
would love to do a Fifth Element review
I've already given oh shit I've already
given Jay a few ideas for reviews that I
would like to do and you know now that
it's coming up to the end of the year
like you know we're getting into wow we
got a film Christmas shit and
end-of-the-year shit and so it's like
it's probably not gonna happen this year
but I will definitely add fifth element
to the list of stuff that I would love
to talk about because I love the fifth
element I think it's a genuinely good
movie
I like that luke vessel that crazy
Frenchman Luc Besson all right let's see
here we go going on oh shit um Everage
have you heard of babymetal babymetal
you heard of babymetal it sounds
familiar it's a it's a heavy-metal
singer paired up with Japanese singers
and they sing Japanese songs and they're
all cutesy like pop singers and he's a
heavy-metal singer have you heard of
this oh there he is yeah right freakin
their psyches yeah whoever said he's
heard of it there it is I think it's
it's gimmicky and you know it's funny
like if you watch the one song it's
funny
and then the gimmick gets old how do I
shoot I did so don't remember jack this
is insane what worst shoot button how do
I shoot how I shoot you click your gun
during Neal mini-map Oh reserved but
that's not shooting how do I do this how
do I do it as a weapon to shoot I that's
what I said is it just clicked the
weapon oh my god it's been a long time
who's on top of that shit right here
shot enough time shit
that's how memorable baby men are right
uh hey little muffins I've spent $2 on
Dumber shit than this it's so weird
watching your shit for years and now
paying $2 for you to read this ass ass
Paul McCartney the lawyers couldn't stop
me well thank you Buster loads thanks
for watching we really appreciate it
hey guys it's time for the classic game
of who said that famous quote get so
here's the quote get those soul backs
get those souls back
robot hunchback Nickelback quarterback
money-back guarantee they pays the money
this says what's they wants well they
would can you think of who said this
famous quote get those souls back robot
hunchback Nickelback quarterback
money-back guarantee no get those souls
Bank what it's probably one of us and we
were said it during a solo game I'm
gonna say rich I'm gonna say which said
that anonymous pika rich hey hope you're
having a fantastic Sunday my question if
Donna Wilson and riches version of
spring kit were running for president
who would belong to which party and who
would you vote for what what who would
send when Plunkett
and and Don Dan Wilson down the Dan
Wilson are coming for president what
what's their political party down
Wilson's libertarian
yes you're absolutely right Don Wilson
is a libertarian like it he might play
get her Mike's plinking I guess my
thinkin yeah your blanket he's so crazy
he doesn't know I'm trying to think of
it like he's part of the bull moose
party like he wants to dig up Theodore
Roosevelt's bones and use them as sacred
ornaments fuckin die digging the John
Carpenter score of this game by the way
yeah I kind of like this minimal yeah
all right this is ex-con because nobody
can hit jack shit great the blue blaze
as I missed the one my good
the sub notice doesn't line up in the
overlay anymore f-fuck will fix it later
things are little fucked right now
because we're playing in this weird ass
oh that animation rate sweet ass that
was great oh it is great that's great
okay blue blazes I missed the last few
streams can you give me the cliff notes
of what you said about the Game Awards
did you mention Firewatch getting
snubbed including neither voice acting
winners for best people what do you did
you watch any of the game oh no why
would I give a shit why would anybody
give a shit I also did not watch any of
the game wars I know overwatch won and I
was really excited about that because
it's a game that I love the fact that
fire Watts did not win for voice acting
is very surprising because I thought
that was really did you like fire watch
is voice acting then it was still good
and who gets shit the arbitrary
meaningless a word because it's not
given by guy hey while I agree with the
sentiment it's also nice when a thing
you like wins a thing tonight that feels
good way as a as a fan of sports
you should be down with this as a fan of
sports ball and you understand when
you're when you're Sox win a game I
think you're probably excited about that
but this isn't a game it's a the game is
the game but you want your get you want
your thing to win an award
the doom soundtrack segment is the only
thing worth watching what I don't get
anything
no one north won best voice acting for
uncharted for one that sucks
but hey that's fine you know what not on
the time unit search it's fine
great reg renegade akira says hey rich
and Jack I guess I'm pretty sure I saw
the Shocker in the spider-man trailer
what other d-list villains do you want
to see in the future Morbius Craven
hydro man the spot scorpion scorpion out
of all the ones you listed - scorpion
yeah I'd like to see a scorpion baby fun
the spot had some fun guys like a throw
away one quick action scene at the
beginning like not like a major player
sure look like you know you can have a
portal gun and you can have the cool
portal gun action sequence right instead
of instead of like having magic spots
sure you can have like a portal gun and
then you can get a really cool sequence
with this spot that would be meat I
think that would be meats but you know
anything as long as the story's good as
long as a fun little story got to bring
in Morbius because then you can bring
blade into it and then Wesley Snipes can
team up with spider-man as we all know
how about you select the next immunity
go Jesus paul giamatti as the Rhino
again the Rhino
I always thought look like the Rhino air
D list what does the Rhino he's probably
a or B list you know he's probably
higher up there just because people know
him would you would you mix story about
the Rhino and make that a movie would
you do that no okay no I would
definitely I would not give him a whole
movie I'd make him a henchman though I
always thought they they did you know
some clever stuff with the Rhino early
on where is like they covered up his
sweat glands with the Rhino suit yeah so
you know I'll I'll spy it then
spider-man just figured out that all I
needed to do was tell you yeah it's fun
yeah so you know what make him be a
henchman they cover his body with goo
and he's really strong and spider-man
can't figure out how to beat him until
he fit until he uses his smarts did you
you never watched them the spectacular
spider-man cartoon I don't know why cuz
it was great good they defeated the
Rhino by like trapping him in like uh
like a sewer tunnel and he broke all my
like the hot steam pipes oh yes yeah
yeah clever yep that's you know I think
that's what the thing with spider-man is
he does need those kind of one-off fun
villains so we'll see
we'll see a lot about this movie we'll
see a lot we'll see how much Robert
Downey jr. is gonna be in the spider-man
movie
it's the the the pluses is that it's
already setting spider-man up as the
weak underdog you know yeah
and that's where that's what he needs to
be that's what Spiderman needs to be not
enough time units I'm chasing this alien
he's running from me can you not take
cover in this game nope no that's before
that was the thing they thought to do
nice
Spidey vs Doctor Doom damn you
I'm surprised I haven't tried to
shoehorn the black cat into any of the
spider-man movies that's a whole
different thing man
look how look how good Catwoman has
turned out in all the Batman movies like
that's adding a whole new layer
everything in here would be a comparison
to Catwoman but if they did a Catwoman
at blackhat and a movie yeah yep that's
a whole nother level man that we're not
we're not quite ready for everything
we're still working on just like a good
spider-man movie you know let's get the
basics down then we can start bringing
black cat into it
listen I agree my my someone's always
saying like the really great thing would
be to pin spider-man against Vincent
d'Onofrio's kingpin and that was the
ultimate spider-man spider-man vs
kingpin stuff was my absolute favorite
that was great that was a perfect fit
like just the visual of the giant
kingpin and the little skinny spider-man
was gorgeous
I loved the fact that he was just up
against regular criminals which is kind
of what looks like the what the
beginning of this movie is gonna be
actually nice I just go up against some
dudes some dudes man we need more boobs
more boobs and our speedermen then
they're high school kids we don't need
booze I don't need more boobs cuz I'm
not from high school kids you know see
this is this is so micro mataji compared
to the new one
in what way what do you micromanaging
just shooting at something yeah and the
other one moving and shooting was two
clicks click to move right cool do you
see an alien
you can choose to shoot an odd or move
again okay this shot one shot two and
then i got i got like 14 guys yeah it
moves a heck of a lot slower Spidey and
Batman just needs to fight gangsters no
supervillains well you know like you
need you tears we need more regular
dudes then you get the one guy with the
weird gun that does the cool powers and
then you get the mega dude so it let's
what it looks like they're doing right
he's fighting normal dudes at the ATM
then those dudes are probably gonna get
better guns and then he's gonna fight
the vulture and it's gonna be great it's
gonna be pretty good we'll see I'm
shakin it's looking like it's pretty
good
I'm getting a little hype super-hype
what just happened oh I got shot it oh
shit I'm sorry
yeah the mega dude you know what I'm
talking about
thugs shocker vultures yeah that would
be that would be a nice escalation we
got a little bit of donald glover in the
in the preview and they're thinking he
might be the Prowler mmm which would be
very funny because the Prowler is Miles
Morales is uncle and originally you know
like they wanted Donald Glover to play
Miles Morales and now he's right he's a
little older right he might be playing
the uncle which could be fun
that could be a nice nod if he is
playing the problem spot you know what
you're right spider-man does need a
giant blue laser in the sky that's the
one thing I thought the trailer is
missing is there is no big beam going up
into this guy cuz that's how you know
there's danger you know you know I'm
talking about Jack we need our alum to
start selling prints of the rich Evans
baby portrait ASAP mystery deepens
mellow and here's the thing that poster
yeah that poster here's the thing that
painting yeah nobody knows where it came
from
you've talked to your family about this
recently my father was up here okay and
I fear well he would have to know yeah I
never you know it's been around my whole
life I never asked about it really
before it's been there right and it was
it was commissioned by your grandmother
you see I don't know nobody knows nobody
knows I brought my dad came over he's
visiting from you know how it is when
Tom my sister sister was in town from
Scotland visiting and I have all come up
here there at the studio paintings
they're like dad I got it you know I'm
thinking about it you're here we're
looking at the pass where the hell did
that painting come from sure the
backstory any has said well I think I'm
not a pain of that I'm like no it says
you lamp it's like my father said I have
no idea what that is
nobody knows where this painting became
from it's clearly me it's clearly you
and he thought he thought his mother had
painted it cuz she was an artist she you
know she did art oh okay I don't know
that but it's clearly signed by E lamp
yes it's always existed it's just a
simulation of a painting it's a glitch
it's a glitch is a glitch in the
simulation you get you got a wonder you
got a wonder would any of your uncle's
know I think I've asked before I never
got a clear answer right from anybody
and back in the day you know you didn't
think to ask your grandmother who
unfortunately has passed she might not
even know yeah she remembered you'd make
up some bullshit I painted it yeah yeah
it could be anything going out of her
mouth so I don't know I don't know
nobody knows where it came from
it's the weirdest fucking thing that
that does make it extra creepy I don't I
mean listen not while I think it would
be amazing to have prints available of
that for people to purchase I don't
think those can be released into the
wild like just having the one and
obviously you have the original but just
having the one is what makes it
special I don't know if I would advise
releasing the baby picture print hey
Kennedy you pick a jack shit to be fair
like look he's on the other side of a
building you know they gotta get some
like I'm missing 62% shots left and
right they gotta like curve their
bullets and shit so it's like give him a
break
rich is merely a time traveler he got
drunk one time in the Middle Ages
painted a portrait of his baby self and
released it somewhere for another time
for himself to find perhaps perhaps rich
Evans is a time traveler fucking
gardener it says here's a tip just the
tip
anonymous says hey guys I saw the
lobster in a small theater and a very
drunk and/or high man started yelling
you can't mess with me in my direction I
was wondering if you've had any unique
theater-going stories and no nobody mean
like unique theater-going stories
nothing I can think of that's super
amazing yeah nothing nothing like that
were another patron that's for something
not enough I can tell you on my very
first date on my very first date with a
lady we went to the movies we went to go
see the client you know I would like a
big important movie Susan you see the
client No okay that's great Susan
Sarandon and she gets a client she's
like a lawyer
yes I'll murder we went to see the
client and it was my very first date you
know pretty pretty young yeah and and I
had gotten some snacks and a beverage
and I'm sitting with this lady and and
she holds out her hand like this she
wanted to hold my hand which evidence
why that's creepy because that's what
you do when you're on a date you hold
people we were on a date I was thinking
there's some stranger you met there no
I'm telling surprise I'm his lady I'm on
a date with so she holds out her hand
and I and I turned to her and me not
understanding like what happens every
day cuz you know it's like my first date
I go oh do you want some soda and she's
so pissed at me I was made fun of after
that by many people cuz I didn't know
that she wanted to hold my hand
and everyone sent that to me the next
few weeks is suppose I say hey you want
some soda I'm sorry that's that's it's a
scarring story scarred in my life the
client that's it that's all I got you
know what that's all I that's the only
fun theater-going experience I have so
watch this no she hit it but I don't
have to kill him
fuck this game all fuck escape so hard
oh my god
there's a reason I play the new XCOM
there's a reason no line of fire my ass
just just move over here you're useless
you're fucking useless
I can tell you one time I went to the
movie theaters because I went to the
movies a lot as a teenager I drove to
the movies to meet some friends and I
was wearing like flip-flops to his
summertime and my flip-flops broke as I
was like walking into the movie theater
and you know so I'm like I'm trying to
hobble and it's like a Vinci I just say
fuck it and I walk in barefoot my
flip-flops are broken and I'm barefoot
in the movie theater and the movie
people the the usher see me yeah you
know the ticket saying is that you can't
come in here barefoot what I won't sue
you I promise
okay so we can't let you in if you don't
have shoes which is by the way a
perfectly reasonable stance as an adult
as a teenager yeah I thought they're big
jerks and I said I don't know if I
haven't been you know like I drove there
so I was like I'll check my car maybe
have something to wrap my feet in like
I'll get on t-shirt or something to wrap
my feeding because my friends were
inside ready to watch the movie and I go
back out to my car and you know what was
in my trunk
whoo I kid you not my clown shoes my big
red floppy clown shoes so I put on my
clown shoes
come back into the movie theater you're
a crazy man I'm a crumb a madman I'm an
I'm did they let you huh did they let
you they let me right in right in with
my big floppy clown shoes I mean they're
real shoes yes this is this and I know
these stories are riveting I'm sorry but
yeah that's what we got it's what we got
I'm sorry I had my big floppy clown
shoes and say you're not warm in there
pretty comfy I didn't have any socks it
was uncomfortable wearing them without
any socks these are my amusing movie
theater antic doats now when you turn
around for you dummy damn jack has had
an interesting life right well it's all
it's crazy like I have crazy experiences
that is the greatest you're welcome hey
guys you know what you're welcome I'm
I'm on fire tonight on fire uh sorry
Jenna Howie has rich seen the finished
drawing yet it's great okay you did
great surgeon made poker Oh rich Evans
and a jack Jack's delivery service where
I am an adorable which and rich is a
giant cat and it's adorable i i
retweeted it if you haven't seen the
picture go to our Twitter and see it
clown shoes are no different than
wearing flip-flops in public I agree but
you know what when you're a teenager you
don't care man you worry all sorts of
dumb shit when you're a teenager did you
wear a dumb shit as a teenager no oh man
I went through some phases oh I didn't I
have I did not ever go through phases
you never went through any phase man I'm
really lucky
you're a lucky man no interesting
popularly what are the kids wearing hey
whatever way don't say the kids when
you're a kid I did
does that shock you does that does that
does that shock you know that you were
that you are forever an old dad no
reserve all right I say reserved for a
shot then I get over here I tried to
take the aim shot this is not enough
time units frame shy I'm sorry it's a
wire jack I'm sorry
I never Hammer pants because I you know
that's that that's that's too young for
me but I I did I went through a raver
summer were the big fat Jenko jeans I
remember when my class I I'm not too
young I remember when my classmates were
we're on the Hammer pants hammer dance
look fucking retarded yeah parachute
pants those big giant yeah yeah they're
the dumbest fucking retarded dumbest I
thought so at the time I mean but you
know what was what's Dumber the big
Jenko jeans the wide the super wide leg
jeans yeah that's what I did
just just one summer yeah the summer
between eighth grade and freshman year
yeah I wore some Jenko jeans and black
metal band shirts that's what was hip at
the time big wallet chain I never sucked
on a pacifier I didn't do that but you
know it had the Jenko jeans the black
metal t-shirt and the big wallet chain I
was pretty darn cool until you want
recovered DeWitt oh hey congratulations
no I never wore a pacifier I'm an actor
Devaney I didn't and I never did any of
the stupid hair things that they did
like they do their hair of the braver
kids yeah they'd like pigtails like guys
in pigtails and they'd like suck on a
pacifier this is a real thing that could
happen 90s fashion was terrible ninety
fashion was terrible and then you know
like a few years after that like it was
when swing music was getting back into
style oh man nothing but those retro
shirts for me and khaki pants yes the
cool khaki pants and those retro
collared shirts
I was pretty cool that's a pretty cool
kid didn't I save you a list of people
to just choose from jet I thought you
could buy like hired trained soldiers
did they get rid of that the Schmucks
Jack was I was so much oh yeah heck yeah
I saw swingers and thought it was the
bomb diggity
she's a little rabbit and you're a big
bear and you're just gonna take that
little rabbit cuz you're the bear you're
a big bear what is that Tiberius what
are you sharing with us
oh god no I'd never be matthew lillard
and hackers that would be terrible the
worst the absolute worst this wasn't
following a trend this is just I'm
talking about my bad fashion choices now
so you know like I did I did the raver
thing for a summer and it didn't work
out like I just went back to t-shirt and
pants and I did the the whole swinging
look for a little bit and that didn't
work out here is the absolute worst you
know I've always been really into
like I'd like comedy yeah stand-up
comedy I'm a comedy person so I want to
say freshman and sophomore year of high
school what I decided I needed to do
this was very important to me is I had a
big trench coat not like a leather
trench coat not like the black trench
coat that the goth kids would wear yeah
but just like a raincoat like it was a
big raincoat and I would fill every
single pockets and I sewed extra pockets
on the inside with props yeah so I could
be that kid that brought random shit to
school like I'd have a rubber chicken in
there all right I have a deck of cards
and I do a magic trick or I'd have like
the thing where the snakes pop on it
like I would have a random shit in my
trench coat so at any given time I could
do a little bit yep and I'd be that
asshole I'd be the asshole who did bits
you can't tell this story no I was not
the trench coat mafia I was a prop comic
exactly that's that's what was very
important to me in high school is like I
just like short like they'd be a group
like hey guys go there's a flowers in my
sleeve and then they would look at me
fine and go ha ha see you later
and I didn't make many friends everybody
hated jack even back then I very sorry
you know you got you got to find
yourself you got to find who you are
eventually and I found some people who
put up with me and they're like guys
guys a little wacky and I settled down a
little bit jack is cringe personified I
was I absolutely was absolutely probably
still I don't know but oh I loved carrot
top I fucking loved carrot top
where do I go to look at what I have I
don't know what's in there where's my
inventory I don't know jack is the
ultimate goof I wore blue eyeshadow in
high school zat's we all do weird stuff
I don't know if that's weird but did I
ever watch the kids in the hall I am I
was obsessed with the kids in the hall
I'm still I still love the kids mom of
course kids in the house great sketch
coming
I've never I have never gone to a high
school reunion I'll tell you that that's
right I'm married and I have children
now so even even if you've ever felt
awkward in your life you can get past it
I swear to you you can get past it you
know it's sometimes you got to do a lot
of weird shit to find out the things
that you're actually into it actually
like but anything a lot of that was just
like I have some some some slight social
anxiety issues yeah I don't like big
groups of people and I feel
uncomfortable often and so that was kind
of my way of dealing with that you know
okay all right how about I won't
actually ever have to talk to people if
I just put on a little show in them walk
away but then like I won't be the weird
guy who doesn't talk to anyone I'll have
a bit I'll have a shtick so that's how I
deal with my schtick that's how I dealt
with not wanting to ever you know talk
with people
I have never thought about going for a
fedora I know it's the ultimate fashion
item but the we've talked about this the
Hat you're thinking of is not a fedora a
fedora is what Indiana Jones wears
that's a large brimmed hat the the thing
that people dislike and you know that
that teenage boys were a lot of trill
B's with the short brim hat those are
true B's do I have to move soldiers
actually oh yeah crew I can't all right
all right
this starting slowly but surely things
are coming to me jack I read having a
book means never having to talk to
anyone yeah absolutely
how do I get them
how do I get more people on here dammit
oh there we go there we go figure it out
now yeah nice more like thrill be
absolutely
well I'm in a vid this is where the this
is where the conversation it's gone is
Jax poor fashion choices no it's the
person near the top the person who walks
out first I would assume I hope so yeah
you want your rookie to go out first
yeah oh so you're sometimes you get shot
walking out of the plane sure okay that
makes sense
I'm not I'm not you know what valuable
well-trained
officers walking out first well you
wanna pay attention to is who walks out
for ass Kenneth or devote yeah okay yeah
great I like how you did that right
right patted them on both sides I you
know that's mad strats rich man strats
space available actually I can fit more
on here right now jack is all grown up
and where it's videogames issues right I
found the thing that time that I'm
comfortable with yeah well I got jeans
in a t-shirt I got everyone in there you
can do that yeah yeah that's a lot
that's a fucking lot yeah well but fuck
it fucking so Demetri or Kenneth Demetri
or Kenneth who comes out first everyone
remember Demetri or Kenneth Kenneth is
on top dimitru who's on bottom Kenneth
has a smoke grave good and regular
grenade and a rifle clip thanks epic
Jason thanks for sharing your stories of
however you owe and everyone you know
goes through an awkward phase I like to
tell myself
that's what I tell myself I'm in high
school and I wear rlm gear every day
well congratulations you're a cool kid
then obviously super cool
all right let's see what we got here
jackal mo so hey guys I'm a brewer and
last night I went to lube up the mill I
grabbed the I grabbed the girth I went
to lube up the mill I grabbed the grease
guns and started singing a modified
version of Jackson doom song
Looby loo B Looby loo B Lube it up great
job guys
Thank You Jack Lamont I'm glad my doom
song has inspired you to lube it up it's
automatically equipping people which I
don't really like I don't really like
that so much you kind of just give them
a standard thing and then Oh someone
decided someone had like the rocket
launcher into rockets oh ok I'll clip
some people turn that awkward phase into
a career absolutely absolutely
we're a long time no tips as vari r77
thanks for the entertainment over the
years sirs use this ginormous gift
wisely we will do our best we're gonna
buy brand new shovels my worst idea
nothing I'll say this I had to add a
birthday recently and my mother who is a
very practical lady
yeah and has never been much one for
sentiment gave me quite possibly the
best birthday present I got this year
which is just a really nice shovel it's
like made of this like plastic plastic
composite it's supposedly indestructible
like so it can break ice I used it today
cuz we had a big snowfall today and man
that thing moves snow and it might be
the lamest gift to ever give something
but I really liked just having a nice
shovel I don't know I don't know how
terrible that is but man what a great
shovel and you know with all the
snowfall everyone could use okay shovel
oh no it's a snow shovel it's not it's
not a it's not a dig the graves shovel
it's a snow shovel and that's that's
what's important practical gift
practical gifts are the best gifts right
sometimes it's hard to buy a gift for
someone but it has to be something that
that you know they would like but they
would never buy for themselves jack
confirmed for boring adults if we talked
about how like I'm a husband and father
and yes I am a boring adult
all right but Cooper out of the butt
says hello jack and wrench I appreciate
everything you do the weather is cold so
in the spirit of cold weather what are
your favorite soups and or stews
discussion of other ream of chicken
yeah um cream of chicken or French onion
with cheese and croutons really yes I've
never understood the French onion soup
thing Jesus it's the cheese and croutons
that make it just a cheese delivery
system yep
you know never I've never been into it
and for me the answer is ramen pork
ramen and and I for a long time I just
loved it because it was so hard to come
by but actually I found a place near ich
by me not in my neighborhood
unfortunately but a 20-minute drive
and that shut it down Jack shut it down
fuck you fuck you rich you do it so wait
now is it just on the ground yeah oh so
now you go get second though you put the
other one right yeah oh my I guess you
played the second why buy the second one
yeah dad's on the ground and then we lay
in there and we kill anything that's
survived and then we get it oh okay
I'm within you know I will take ramen
over for ramen I like the noodles and
ramen better than the rice noodles like
they use in fuh but man like like pork
rum and it's just basically port Fett
pork fat soup and it's the most
delicious thing you'll ever eat and I
love it so much and I found a place
relatively nearby that I will be eating
and constantly now okay so that is my
favorite I mean that's just my favorite
food
but wintertime food it's extra nice big
a hot bowl of pork fat soup fuzz alright
fun is perfectly fine perfectly
acceptable button you should try mama
tom yum ramen it's the best instant
noodle for use in the studio okay it's
pork bone Kenneth is the first one out
Kenneth was on top okay Kenneth was on
top okay it's a ways so then Dmitry is
he one of the last not oh my go to his
inventory here it's been so long since i
play this jaga it's like forgetting
everything it's like relearning
everything
it's not book I understand it's not pork
fat but it tastes like pork fat how's my
diet it struggles in December it
struggles but I'm still on it
still on it still still haven't bounced
back horribly but it gets real tough in
December birthdays and oh shit what's
that a smoker name oh there's your
smoker that's my smoker name Oh God
I was like rich the aliens are bees oh
we're gonna tip I forgot about the whole
lob there's a day-night thing going on
like your vision is horrible at night
this is a night mission
okay well shit no one doesn't have that
which is stupid I mean I got the
spinning globe like you can watch for
the globe is like that crashed ship I
probably could have waited a little
while done this during the day there's a
I will fully admit there's a lot of
depth to the classic XCOM but I do love
I've forgotten all of it there's a lot
of depth that I love but with the new
ones that that quick paced tactical
combat that's still turn-based yeah I
love that so much
sacrificing a little bit of depth for a
little more playability yeah
well it's like the two different phases
like the tactical stuff I would love
XCOM new X comes combat with like the
base kind of stuff old X come I would
love okay
I'm with you
Chapel diet the diet that I went on the
way I lost all the weight was called the
slow carb diet it's that it's from the
Tim Ferriss book the 4-hour body and
basically it consists of eating an
incredibly restrictive diet six days a
week and then one day a week eating
whatever you want so I I mostly the same
thing every every single day very you
know no carbs no sugars just vegetables
and proteins and beans and then one day
a week I get to gorge myself on whatever
the heck I feel like and it works very
well it works very well for me and now
I'm trying to modify it to not lose
weight anymore but just kind of maintain
but you know even if I'm eating like
garbage I like my breakfast of spinach
eggs and black beans that's just a good
breakfast helps help set you up it's
good fun really great honestly you know
what we need to find it we see if we can
find this soundtrack for Jay Jay would
love listening to this yeah someone give
J V original XCOM soundtrack Wow with
this my cheat day Saturday Saturday is
my cheat day and it's tough you know
like you go out sometimes you'll go out
and meet with people Friday night you
know go to a nice restaurant and go want
to eat something nice but you just stick
to it but here's the thing about diets
and losing weight and this is something
that it's super true is any diet will
work as long as you stick to it
religiously any diet just calorie
counting you stick to calorie counting
religiously it will work it might not
work like super fast but that's okay you
don't gain weight fast so you shouldn't
lose weight fast just fine to find the
one that works with you find the one
that you can stick with and that's
that's your diet this one I can stick
with because you know like I work from
home
so I usually don't have to have to worry
about like
packing a lunch or or like anything like
that said like this works for me but
thank you know one tall no I ain't fall
for the pink poke pink boom I had to
click it so I could get this out track
send me a link to this on the topic
thank you
I thought the pink book was the thing
that you had to thank them for being
Buncombe oh the big book
yeah whatever big book it's a good Bing
Punk like a big punk music guaranteed
way to the way to lose weight eat less
exercise more that's true real van
absolutely just have to be consistent
give yourself some rules cut out the bad
foods eat more good foods take long
walks boom he's busy I hate you up on
reddit when I was just starting a diet
I've since lost 50 pounds thank you for
the encouragement well hey
congratulations that's great
that's great anyone can do it you just
got a want you got to want it more than
you want the doughnut and that's really
tough sometimes cuz doughnuts are great
then you got to want it more than you
want that slice of cake for man yes I
thought it used to say what country they
were from to Petrov Paz Manny that used
to be a thing like you scrolled down at
all yeah like I thought they a little
flag by their name picked it up
Victor what are you sending me I don't
know what the fucker sending you know
fuck my supposed to know
I don't know all right Bernard
never had a buttercream donut there
divine I believe I believe it
buttercream is great
listen food is great food is great
I just gotta just gotta you know
moderate yourself all right let's see
here evil Lord David says hey guys David
here I agree there's probably nothing
after death and like rich I hate the
idea of it but I find the idea of living
forever to be just as scary which would
you prefer personally living forever ask
yourself this question like I wouldn't
want to live forever why would you want
to die pick a big kind of pick a day
what would you want I kind of rather if
you pick a day all 200 years how you
gonna feel exactly like 900 199 years
and 256 days from now yeah no look
forever absolutely absolutely what am i
live forever and you probably would
literally we're right now we're we are
flailing madly to get a few extra years
yes that's what we're doing every other
day that's what humanity strives for
just a few more good years I think I
think the the storytelling myth of like
the board immortal is bullshit yeah
there's constantly new shit to do yep
computers ooh I was getting bored
there's computers oh man I can watch
every movie ever made because I have all
of eternity well shit I could do that
just just waiting for the Cubs that win
a World Series that's a hundred years
right there think about the backlog of
movies television video games books
comics yes yeah I'm gonna said let me
forever be great it would be great
sign me up there's so much TV right
there's television alone will last you a
good century just the entire DVD backlog
and then you ever gonna like not enjoy
just now let's go to the beach it's nice
up oh right like what does that get old
you know like I suppose you might have
to deal with some shit as far as like
like let's say you're the only immortal
loneliness yeah yeah but you know what
you can always make new friends shit
life's all about make new friends a day
die and you make new friends there's
more people we're not running out of
people shit and then you know what
you'll have like the best stories
immortality only sucks if you get like
caught in like a cave-in yeah so you
have to have the option to either
teleport or self terminate or both well
let's say you're immortal yeah as long
as you don't and then a few billion
years from now the Sun sucks up the
earth and you're kind of like stuck in
the Sun but you can't burn to death but
you're very very hot here here's here's
your your immortality clause you cannot
die of natural causes sure okay oh yeah
you know someone shoots you fuck you did
okay okay but but your cells never
succumb to entropy and so you you never
you never age you got past you know
whenever your cells reach full maturity
so I can deal with this okay great
if you live to the end of the universe
you can become Galactus in a new
universe that could be fun
that's Galactus is origin is it yeah I
thought your gift like a shitload of
time yeah which did oh wow look at all
your time you know oh XCOM isn't that
what it is Simon boots your cells there
is you know our cells split uh it's and
and duplicate themselves but of
eventually due to the energy loss of
splitting they end up losing information
I think its DNA degradation isn't that
entropy loss of energy no I think just
copying less well you losing information
the you're not getting all of the DNA
strands telomeres that's I don't know if
they were a hundred percent sure that's
what doesn't I think that's one of the
theories on what aging is what causes it
sure well and I guess I had always
thought that it was just because of the
loss maybe loss of information not
energy but right no sorry to use the
wrong term then well you didn't get the
gist of what he was saying if you're
just being anal well I think they wanted
some clarification oh wait there is you
see him I could see him look at him look
at him he's like tiny tiny alien even
though I saw tell him to save the time
units to shoot it doesn't save the
proper amount because his game's fucking
cruel
cancer is when they don't stop splitting
interesting yeah you know what yeah and
that natural causes yeah so you can you
can't get cancer you can only die from
external causes that's what I'm saying
that's my that's my thing or an elf
stabbing you in the dick know if an elf
stabs you in the dick you can die that's
that's an external cause that's a that's
an elf dick let's see here a Tomic
mousetrap says dream movie 4d Lister's a
Batman versus kite man and crazy quilt
but Batman has the flu so it's kind of a
fair fight
I'm not sold zhonya's concepts we we
just want Batman versus the mob that's
it Batman
taking down a crime boss
spider-man who has to fight hammerhead
or you know oh you know who's an awesome
spider-man villain tombstone
I'm tombstone I'd like to see the Green
Goblin done justice if I thought he were
done really well on screen I wouldn't
care as much but I'm not like he ever
has or the Hobgoblin what do you think
about what did you think about ultimate
spider-man's monstera fication no I
hated it Jekel unhiding
was dumb it made him really just kind of
generic and uninteresting at least as
far as being a monster goes being a
villain goes being something you fight
goes how do you how do you do the
monster mask without being corny you you
embrace it you can't is it not is it
okay she can have it you can you can
make it like a nicer looking mask bud
hey where's Monster Mash because you see
these kind of a whack job you still
haven't been Norman Osborn sure be like
a philanthropist billionaire sure or you
know what you know you couldn't do what
you don't have the Goblin mask you go by
the old Hobgoblin route where his face
is mostly just could see it like a hood
you just you just make it creepier
rather than sillier instead of a green
grinning thing you do you do more
monstrous you just like maybe like red
eyes that are some kind of laser goggles
really but they look like red glowing
eyes there's a hood over the whole thing
and it's all dark you could do that you
could do that and it would work I like
the I like what they did with the
vulture it's like oh yeah it's like a
motor so works it's got the little eyes
look nice so yeah maybe something
similar goblins are lame I don't want no
ghost you're no goblins tombstone I just
want like a guy who's made out of rock
those III think like the best spider-man
villains are the people who are stronger
than spider-man
and so you need someone who said let him
highlight his agility yes
agility and more important to still
isn't stronger Tim stones just an albino
Who am I thinking I was the one
literally made of stone that was to stop
the absorbing man sometimes made out of
stone just like he's like a gangster
who's an albino and he sharpened his own
teeth but he doesn't have superpowers I
don't fucking know the grey gargoyle the
China sang stone or well yeah I know
hammerhead has like the hammerhead like
he has a really strong head you know
what I'm not thinking I'm not using the
whole brain I'm using part of it hey
look everyone why don't we why don't we
take some sometime and stand up here
stand up then
there we go there we fucking go
we're gonna find this fucking UFO jack
where's this fucking your phone I don't
know maybe yeah you know what I might be
thinking of rich hmm I think it is
tombstone I think in the in the 90s
cartoon
they made him actually out of stone yeah
and so I'm not thinking of comics
tombstone I'm thinking of cartoon Tim
stuff okay cuz yeah he did have like
pointy teeth and and I saw someone in
the chat saying the best vitamin
villains are the ones not as smart as
Parker but I think like that's along the
same lines is no that's not true but
well hold on spider-man is strong yes
but what makes spider-man unique is he's
also very smart and clever yeah so a
villain that that makes him not punch
his way out of a situation is the best
villain yeah I think they should be not
dumb like they can't be done because
then it's not a fair fight Doc Ock right
exactly like how fun is it to have
spider-man fight the the scorpion who's
a big dumb guy in a student's you know
that's fun that's fun but that's not
your movie that's your that's your you
know they should start using these
d-list characters as like the opening
action scene yeah yeah you know you
can't you can't really do a story about
my thing enough someone like like the
Scorpion said I'm a movie is that said a
movie level villain Edda scorpions
robbing a bank in the opening of the
movie it's spider-man best to fight um
it's a really cool fight scene with the
scorpion yep like first five minutes
interactions let's say use someone like
hydro man yep I'm with it I'm with him I
guess that you can do like one of the
classes like the sinister syndicate get
hydro man rhino and all these you'd have
like a battle royale the opening of the
movie whatever use these d Lister's
rather than while it might make a movie
you know I'm making a movie about
fucking the Gibbon but you're not making
a movie about the Gibbon you use
as a d-list throw-away action scene yeah
the other men one of them may be the
real villains using him is just like a
hinge person but use some of these
characters it's like it's like what they
did with winter soldier or winter
soldier yeah yeah remember the guy that
he fought in the boat Batroc the leaper
yeah yes I was like I was watching them
oh this belt rock they'll be perfectly /
obviously he didn't have any leaping
powers but buddy was still bout rockin
that was there opening action sequence
where that's where you get the little
villains huh that's when you bring in
boomerang what the boomerang somebody's
probably already said this bud
spider-man's best when his enemy is just
life as a superhero that's oh that's got
to be a huge part of it he struggles
just to maintain his life as he's
dealing with all this shit that's
classic Spiderman looks like they're
gonna do some of that in the new movie
which that could be fun yeah he's not
played by somebody who thinks he's on
Leave It to Beaver or somebody who's
just like a mannequin right this wannabe
great school it'll be great
looks it looks really good I love this
idea that they set up in the trailer for
spider-man homecoming of him like
watching some news footage of his fight
with giant and man uh-huh uh-huh where
he's just like like that pole between
like the celebrities superhero world and
the shit that he needs to do is that's
classic spider-man talking about girls
at school which is which is comic relief
friend it's gonna be great it's all
gonna be great I can't wait for the emo
dance scene in the new spider-man movie
yeah it's gonna be great
giant ant-man
oof I hate the way the hills disappear
that is starting to drive me crazy but
like like that see that just vanished on
top I got all these troops up there i
scroll down a level when they all vanish
the still there I can't stand that I
would like that I would like to do the
visualization I would like it to stop
well but is that so you know what level
you're on when firing and I need to know
like they'll be an enemy I forgot was
there because they disappeared it's it's
not helpful it's not helpful at all
everyone wants to fucking me oh my
Marisa Tomei is a lovely lovely lady
know what you
oh they're saying you can switch that
off oh you can that's what they're
saying oh that's fantastic
yeah rich is remembering and in doing
this I believe yeah this is so Micra
like look at how long this is taking
we've shot one alien I really really
love what the new XCOM did with the with
the actual tactical combat yes it has
paced so much better than this
super ultra mega siz Jack have you ever
read a spider-man comic Peter is a loner
who doesn't really care about girls
except for MJ someone hasn't read a
spider-man comic but it's not jack
anybody Brent that's great Liz Alan Mary
Jane Gwen Stacy
Alicia harden Alicia Hardy who was the
one that was a brief one Debbie
something Debbie says she wasn't real
long spider-man likes to date girls and
has friends and has a social life that's
the whole point
but listen maybe maybe he doesn't sleep
around a lot he he sticks to one girl
but there's usually a love interest
that's common Peter Parker is an asexual
cyber hacker who uses morphine to hide
from his reality a be normal what is
that one no that's a pun some shark
suits super ultra mega I could you know
recommend some some really good
spider-man books for you if you'd like I
know at the library they have like the
collections of all of the old ones from
the from the 60s and 70s some really
great fun reason there you could
probably just just pick a random page on
any spider-man book and it will be him
talking about a girl no of course that's
that's a little it's a little bit of
what we call hyperbole
yeah yeah I guess what I'm saying here
is I've read a bit of spider-man I've
read a bit of spider-man and and yeah
he's a normal guy who likes normal
things that's what makes fighting in so
great is he just deals with bullshit
that's right he and kitten ultimate
human him and kitty pryde had a little
thing going on yeah that was grea
aim shot 73 percent well the odds I'm
gonna miss I'm gonna say the odds that I
miss our 95 percent know I hit oh my god
I hit and murdered yeah the first time
that's happened on my first shot against
an alien I I'm dumbfounded rich if
someone sends you some trades its
superior spider-man would you read them
I don't know no maybe possibly yes sure
why not
great it doesn't feel like my spider-man
anymore in the whole Marvel I don't know
ever since one more day it's not been
the same for me it feels like a weird
alternate universe spider-man mm-hmm
Angela Mays yes in the in the comment
include a message to red letter media at
VanCamp that's where you say who you
would like to sign your DVD
you know if it's if it's if you say like
just everyone you might not get everyone
because you know maybe sometimes josh is
here so be specific with who you want to
sign it we sign so many we have hand
cramps we and yeah just know that like
asking us to sign it may mean it takes a
couple extra days because we're not
you're gonna get a pretty quick if it's
just me Mike and J if you want Jack or
especially Josh you're gonna have to
wait that's gonna take a little bit
gonna take a little bit longer because
we're at the studio every day and J and
Joshua Jack and Josh Jack and get met
Jack not Jake obviously James I'm here
at least twice at least twice a week I'm
here at least twice a week but that
could add extra days and sometimes I'm
not look at these two guys I got these
three guys I got lost up here because of
this show this Hill crap yeah
well this is a great soundtrack yep
can we specify could we don't want sure
yeah if you want if you want to say like
I definitely don't want Jack signature
then I'm definitely gonna sign it with a
fucking on that no honestly just tell
them who you want that's possible by the
way and then you'll sign up with a fuck
you it's very possible I do what I want
we're under no obligation to do anything
for anyone
yes somebody who wanted I forget what
the exact message message was
specifically but they wanted us to write
on the DVD transformers was the best
movie of the year whatever was
transformers two words earlier but every
one and we wrote it and then
deliberately speared the Transformers in
ink with the ink with it with a silver
ink we wrote it and then I just smeared
it to allege ability nice rich fuck you
I'm Jack and yes that is how I sign
everything yes it's not a it's not a
real signature it's not a real signature
but it's the only one that you can read
I my mind is pretty good yours is pretty
good yeah I'm getting sloppy with the
Evans but it's quite clearly rich
burgher
Jam Mike I don't know it just kind of
fucking squiggles they don't give a shit
they don't give no fucks
the first time someone asked me to sign
something I was so shocked I was so
shocked you know and and so I signed it
and I'm Jack yeah just kind of as a joke
and then they just kept asking me to
sign stuff and I was like why are they
asking me to sign stuff and so that's
just how I've kept it up and that's good
you know what
just like the trench coat that's in a
bit now so gotta stick with the bit my
real signature looks like squiggles
anyway so it just wouldn't mean anything
he requires the most balloon takes and
the best of the worst discussions we see
Rich's all the time but I assume that's
because he's an easy target and editing
there you have it you have to understand
something there are no there are no
retakes like when you see it edited in
there rich you know trying to speak a
sentence and flubbing a word that's like
that's the retake but we just have a
conversation and then we edit out the
bad parts well they want to say who
flubs more oh flubs yeah I think it's
what they want Richie's got a bit of a
mush mouth sometimes yes and that's okay
that's just that's that's what it is I'm
sorry him fucking deal with it no I mean
you know now it's the kind of a running
gag so it's probably probably rich rich
flubs the most
I would have played for five missions of
new XCOM there's a little crazy four or
five this is definitely a little crazy
and it's a long game like there's a ton
of missions you end up doing by the end
of it which Evans is defeatable like I'm
bringing along a lot of people because I
probably should to improve my chances of
winning but that's exactly the major
change they made in the long war mod
that I don't like you can bring I think
up to 12 people on a mission in the long
war Mon I have to should I have to learn
that right I have 14 and look how long
this shit is taking yeah this is
ridiculous this is like you said it's
smart like you got a big crew I mean it
gives me the best chance of winning yeah
absolutely
alien invasions aren't supposed to be
fun rich supposed to take this shit
seriously the blue blaze says Yahtzee
once described this game as having an
interface less complicated than the
control panel for a nuclear submarine
he's right
so good luck they've streamlined it a
bit in this open X come I'm not playing
like quite the vanilla okay okay classic
XCOM there's they made something
somebody made something called open X
come just kind of like just a new engine
for XCOM I don't think like it takes
like some of the graphics meals when you
have to have the old one installed but
it's not it's not like running something
on DOSBox okay somebody cuz you've
remade the game and they they there are
some user interface tweaks like I
remembered the old one like you had to
manually there's like a button on here
to turn your soldier it wasn't just
clicking where you went necessarily
click on turn looking forward forward
forward right that's what it was like I
believe I could be wrong or maybe maybe
when I played the original I was an
idiot and didn't know there was a better
way to do it I don't know that's
possible that's entirely possible
as Karen still hugging your computer for
planet coaster no she's trying to avoid
it so I can use my computer and I feel
bad I kind of finished getting hers
together I can't get her over here
I want her help with the decals cuz I
want you know it's her computer I want
her to help with the freaking decoration
what do you want on here what do you
want the dad to have flowers yeah I can
I can never just get her over here to
sit down and hash it out and really
figure it out
where do you want the goddamn flowers
flowers take a fucking elephant where's
the Darkman take the fucking alright
let's see here TC Brady 133 hey fuckos
have you listened to the new childish
gambino album it is great I don't know
what the fuck you're talking about
Challenge game you know Donald Glover
yeah who is a an actor in such things as
community he's going to be the new Lando
Calrissian he's in spider-man homecoming
he was in the Martian he's the actor
that's that was like they had to push
for him to be Miles Morales yeah he's
also a rapper who goes by the name
childish
Gambino recently put out a new album and
it's been getting very good reviews good
good for him yes and so they were
wondering if we had heard it I can only
assume that was more directed towards me
as I am the one that listens to hip-hop
and I have not heard it I've heard good
things about it but I just haven't
gotten around to actually listen to it
I've listened to some of his older stuff
and wasn't terribly impressed with it so
I kind of you know I've never been like
I've never kept up with his music but I
do hear very good things
I didn't think you would get it right
right cuz I usually say that that Donald
Glover is is from Parks and Rec which
he's not he's from community and I'm
remembering it Congrats on remembering
that he's from community you're welcome
you're welcome I know I've been I've
been working on that his first album is
awful super ultra mega would like to
issue an apology for the super
condescending Spider Man comment earlier
I realized it was stupid after I read it
you know what your policy accepted okay
we brought Rebecca we get it it's
alright that was that was big of you to
apologize
and so dr. Dre what no just say yeah
great great let's see here it's great
Atlanta spider-man and Star Wars this
man is going places aids yeah no I you
know as an actor he's he's really
hitting his stride he's gonna be he's
gonna be a lot of big shit
I know people loved him on community
that's great
and you know I still know him from we
talked about this internet movies he was
an Internet sketch comedy Chris that
made a movie and I'm forgetting what
they're called now button yes now he's
great Derek thank you Derek comedy funny
man funny man come XE and ones when he
says hey Jack and rich how would you
feel about Marvel creating a scenario
where spider-man is attacked by or is
asked by Claire temple to help daredevil
fight the kingpin then we finally get
spider-man vs the kingpin well you need
to get Sony to is how much how much pull
the Sony have because that's pulling
them into the TV universe right so there
are many reasons why that's not gonna
happen
yeah it's not gonna happen mostly
because Marvel doesn't want their TV
properties mingling with their movie
properties unfortunately
and they've just been incredibly
incredibly clear about that with their
actions they don't want their TV people
talking to their movie people while I
liked daredevil and would think it'd be
super cool if spider-man came down you
know to be on a super special Netflix
episode the highest rated Netflix
episode ever I it just it's just not
gonna happen for so many reasons also
remember the budget on those shows are
very small compared to what movie stars
me so you'd also be asking Tom Holland
to take a pay cut
I don't think Sony wouldn't care at this
point
sony has already yeah you know like has
already like what do you call it
conceded defeat as far as they're owning
of spider having a mother Hammond Marvel
its Marvel this is Marvel's shit now man
obviously Sony still owns it but
Marvel's doing the shit with it I'm sure
they can back out of the deal whenever
they want oh absolutely but do they want
to because they're gonna make money love
that's okay right I read the Spidey deal
was never to have him appear in Marvel
TV well I mean but that's like fucking
all their deals listen agents of shield
got got like one of the supporting
characters from a Thor movie that was it
that was their big get four agents of
shield the official crossover TV show I
think they got they got a Samuel Jackson
for thirty seconds as well
so so it's just yeah it's it's just not
30 no 61 with it that close to your
right behind me you know just Christ Oh
or is that a different alien this isn't
the rocket launcher is it we're not
using that I think that's the rocket
launcher that is the rocket launcher we
will not be using that that might have
some Splash Damage it's probably
probably a really good idea but like I
said it would be fun
more so the spider-man just needs to
fight like I would love the for the
spider-man defied kingpin even if it's
not Vincent D'Onofrio if they could come
up with a different kingpin for the
movie universe but hey okay I don't know
who that is
Karen bits that's a good thing that
she's producing spider-man I don't know
or a bad thing
Oh how am i liking season four of agents
of shield yeah it's kind of interesting
with Ghost Rider how are they handling
Gus Trenor man what's a man that's
welcome to agents of shield
motherfucker they had like one good
season in him what are you doing oh yeah
he went over here I clicked over here
are you doing we did they didn't feel
like going that way I'm sorry
I thought it was ghost driver yeah it's
well it's it's new Ghost Rider it's not
Johnny Blaze it's not Ghost Rider on the
motorcycle it's the new ghost rider who
has like a sweet vintage muscle car it's
like a different ghost writer here no
rich it's comic books it's not always
the same guy Johnny Blaze is still
around but he's not the ghost it's
different girls are different it's not
Nic Cage on the motorcycle it's it's a
it's a different guy but it's been man
every everyone's gone super emo on the
show it's fine and it just doesn't kind
of work for their stick they have this
now this super strong season where like
they were just doing spy stuff and it
was awesome
and there's like little hints of
super-powered stuff and technology stuff
but they were mostly just doing spy
stuff and kung-fu moves everywhere and
it was a really strong season and kind
of turned a little crazy and now the
devil is getting involved
ya know the crossover with ghostwriter
was definitely strange Ghost Rider and
goofy writer
let's see hammer cap says the new suda51
game is a premium third-person
hack-and-slash
so yeah thank you thanks for the work
boys
hey third person hack and slash freemium
this is interesting
I didn't know that was a thing anymore
that's freemium work you know do you see
one of those like you can't play
deployer yep but you know if you want
the good stuff maybe you got to pay pay
a little better or maybe yeah you can
play for free for ten minutes a day and
then after that if you want to play
anymore I gotta pay who knows
freemium yeah Johnny Blaze made an
appearance
Wow
Darkwing schmuck Jack are you going to
join the road one half in the bag I can
only assume not because probably not
just because I'm usually not on half in
the bag and when I am it sits for a
pretty specific reason says keep
freaking what are you going to Punk says
just thought of a great review episode
idea a roundtable discussion of the
movie HR lol it's my welcome
we've heard that a stars and not a bad
movie it was just a notorious flop yeah
so we will probably never do anything on
a star except for play the trailer now
wouldn't it be crazy for that kid we
could just cut to the trailer and be
annoying it would be annoying but like
that did that kind of power lines like
what if we just had constantly that
ready to go live and I hit a hotkey and
it just cut to the east our trailer
seems like a lot to do rich what in a
style of resurrected you should film a
documentary about your journey of
discovery finding the artist of your
baby painting my theory
Russian hackers Russian hackers but
amongst that's topical it's toppika
toppika humor is it actually that would
be a really great little mini doc Rick
Evans would that be where do you even
start where do you even start we start
with interviewing your family okay right
you know we can I know Mike has a ton of
footage of your grandmother so we can
keep cutting to that old footage of your
grandmother start talking to your father
your uncle's you know talk to people who
know of the painting and then just try
to start and start digging you know we
can maybe look into like your area and
try to find out if anyone did those kind
of portraits like you know talk to
people in your neighborhood
our old neighborhood and like try to
find like hey did you know who did like
kids paints and like do some actual
detective work making it happen you're
not home you didn't you didn't you
didn't follow through with your damn hot
dog video Jack huh you didn't follow
through with your hot dog video that was
about a dog I don't trust you to make a
documentary about my baby painting that
was about you know what that was about
hot dogs and the moment has you you gave
up so quickly I did really hey roll
right over rolled right over if only I
would have made that hot dog picture
then rich would have let me make is baby
picture doc no tensions that alter the
course of history you're not doing that
documentary no darn oh darn
lost in second dude whoo oh wow
walleston technically says thanks for
the same poster I'm hanging it up Mary
Jesus Christ I don't know I'm getting 30
messages
Karen hey does she need a planet coaster
Pass no she cleaned up she's showing me
pictures just nice hold on for a second
you checking your phone made me check my
phone
