Episode 688
X-Classic (Part 2)
January 7, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MBoeqJ-71pc
___________________________________________

you can't do rich what do you got what
are you doing what's going on I don't
know I don't know you might just be yeah
it's been it's been replaced with new
XCOM jack new XCOM is shiny and fast and
awesome you can't you can't we got to
move forward rich forward always always
forward
oh my only a friend accidentally only
brought four people they're gonna die
that's what Luke Kneller says yeah save
it
say game just calling mm-hmm
blob I can't name it oh I gotta click
there also can we just all take a moment
and now now that Luke Cage has
officially been renewed for a second
season can we all just admit that the
first season was really terrible and
sucked a lot can we come together as can
we come together right now
kind of like like oh can we just can't
come together as nerds and be like you
know what they didn't they didn't do it
they didn't do it that first season and
it's okay I got no dog in that race it's
okay I haven't watched it sucked it was
really bad I thought it was really bad
but a lot of I know a lot of people
thought it was all right and it got
picked up for a second season
you know I'm looking for an emotion what
ash vs. Evil Dead Season two ones that
over tonight binge start the binge okay
thank you thank you coming it was a week
it was it was a week season that season
one of Luke Cage and maybe they can go
somewhere good with it but man man that
was no good I'm fond of classic ex come
but that tactical combat is just it's
got nothing on the new one absolutely
nothing that's it did not have a strong
antagonist that's true that's true it
also didn't have a strong protagonist
tell you to give me give me one reason
why it why Luke wanted was in that city
why was he a hero I'm Sweden huh I'm
Sweden I know you're
I'm just talking to the chat here
there's he had nothing he had no
motivation he had no Drive as a
character in Luke Cage and no I
Diamondback was like cottonmouth and uh
what's her name
he's got mouse cousin they were fun they
were fun villains diamondback was dumb I
didn't get his stupid suit thing at the
end that looked like a GI Joe character
oh man that that whole season was dumb
daredevil too was bad by the images are
just terrible antagonist yeah yeah and
Elektra totally sucked electric totally
it's like but Punisher was awesome
Punisher is what saved season two uh you
know what I stopped watching I get
started I'm just looking at demon is not
like I didn't like it you just moved on
something's got something else key mom
and I never never ended up going back to
it Punisher was great yeah I did love
the Punisher yeah I got to Elektra I was
like electronic you didn't like electro
she started out alright
yeah she's mysterious a little bit of a
woman of something and then her her
ending was super weak the ending of the
the whole season was super weak in fact
that that last episode was pretty lame
but there's some good stuff in there I
think there were some there were some
redeemable qualities to daredevil season
two and I don't think there were that
many redeemable qualities in Luke Cage
besides misty night she was great
mr. net is just like a regular beat cop
like just a detective in the universe
okay
she had more defined goals a character
arc like she had shit going on in her
life she had more shit happening than
Luke did okay and she was great she was
a detective and they did this like
detective vision thing with her
where she'd be like looking at pictures
of a crime scene that all of a sudden
she like cut or she'd be in the crime
scene to like figure it out it was
really nice okay really need visuals
with her Luke Cage had nothing nothing
and some of the lamest fight scenes for
a guy who is super strong and I has
unbreakable skin some of the lamest
fight scenes you know ever so they
couldn't even get action right in Luke
Cage sorry it's okay I opened up I
opened up a war it's okay I opened up a
wound
I just can't join in I know no I have
know Luke Cage experience you just you
just go on that rant Jack great great
that was it I'm gonna I'm gonna cool it
off now gonna cool off the rant but like
I really liked I liked Luke in Jessica
Jones and I liked him as an actor I
think as an actor like he's a he was
fine in that role and Jessica Jones so I
hope they do something interesting with
his character Jessica Jones the
character was a one-dimensional
disappoint new Jessica Jones had some
shit happening you leave Jessica Jones
alone that's a fine show lots of shit
happening her characters learning she's
a flawed camp but she's deep that's what
shit happening what about the DC
crossover on the CW oh that was so much
fun
damn it the flash and Supergirl and
arrow and the legends of tomorrow
beating up aliens that was so much fun
everyone had a great time
you got you got characters going through
stuff classic comic book crossover stuff
in the invasion major story arcs
character arcs people dealing with shit
for Brighton but the show had some
terrible episodes I I think this shit
took Jessica Jones it took like three
four episodes and so you got the flow of
it unreal
what dad who dad that's that's so close
yet so far is what that is Jessica Jones
was great absolutely whoever whoever
talking shit on Jessica Jones can you
can't beat it
btfo the back of the fuck off and I was
gonna be a group of assholes up here I
know it the final third of Jessica Jones
is just terrible yeah I mean you're
wrong that's when it gets good the whole
thing is good no Jessica dome is great
why are you writing along that side okay
you see Darkwing schmuck i agree that
the DC television universe is much
stronger than their movie universe i
know a lot of people will call the TV
universe a little lame and a little
cheesy and here's the thing it is a
little lame and a little cheesy but
guess what so our comic books we're
talking about people who wear their
underwear on the outside and have
magical powers we can have a little fun
with it and I think the shows have a
little fun with it
there they are fucking CW shows our
garbage is still better than the movies
you know let's all agree that Luke Cage
is terrible but fuck you for dissenting
on jessica jones check record absolute
by the way absolutely maybe you don't
know how this works maybe you don't know
how this works but we all have to agree
that Luke Cage sucks and Jessica Jones
is great that's what we all have to
agree know and I think I think the the
see the CW shows are you know they're
not perfect but they're a lot of fun but
they're a lot of fun
let's see here
Casper says bill builds large radar by
better missiles for jets you can buy
tanks and recon with them you can fire
some people to have space for the tank
it's been a very long time since I
played the damn game and live on stream
probably not the best time to relearn
everything I used to know oh do you know
you can kneel it helps ya doesn't think
I intellectually I know that now all the
time I wasn't thinking about it yeah I
did remember that I just didn't think I
didn't do it I don't know why yeah
thanks for the sign it sir it's not as
quick fast or enjoyable as this and
honestly that is the only thing I really
noticed yeah you know I rich sometimes
you need a little action yep action in
your action game I lost in Technicolor
s's thanks for signing my poster it made
my year besides seeing Flight of the
Conchords Mary chrimbus right Curtis
Floyd of course is great glad we could
sign your shit great alright where did
that last one run off to sorry Jen says
PS r.i.p phoenix wright yep
sorry sir are we supposed to do that
there I don't I think we talked about
about it yeah well we forgot shit
happens
look I got a lot of things in my life to
feel bad and guilty about I'm not gonna
let that be one of them sorry yeah we
forgot this shit happens you know
sometimes we don't there's a nice
picture thank you what do you want what
do you want we're to go we're to go
really yeah I needed to grenaded or
these people are gonna be flanked that
was my whole plan was to blow their shit
up and it's somewhere it's somewhere in
the fog now yeah
can you send one guy to recon to find it
it's my last guy oh you left do you know
what just blindly for a grenade P go
read says rich another fuckin Star Wars
movie is coming out this week are you
ready for people to accuse you of a
hating Star Wars they've been doing that
forever
it might be fun movie I don't hate Star
Wars it might be good it's good they
don't say anything cuz I'll say I liked
it but then they'll call you a Star Wars
fan boy they can say what they want I
have no control that's true that's true
also will there be another spoiler
discussion stream like the force awakens
yeah I know I probably won't get to see
the movie until later just cuz that's
how my life usually ends up working with
children and whatnot well wait a while
probably just talk about it while
playing a game we're not gonna do like a
review or anything we're gonna probably
gonna talk about it I'm half in the bag
right so it won't be like what we did
with the force awakens where we was just
rich in iron scream we probably won't do
that but yeah we'll probably like say
hey we're gonna play we're gonna play
whoo buddy Jews dang dang party time
whoo buddy what whoo buddy dues buddy
Jews is what I said oh my god but not
like not like Jewish oh my god but not
like a Jewish whoo buddy Jews
oh my god oh I know this guy's face
oh that poor guy he's seeing some shit
he got picked on hi says death John long
time watcher first time tipper
Jack you like beer have you ever thought
about it's true
yeah it is how do you like beer have you
ever thought about brewing you said you
fried turkeys so you have a lot of the
equipment already it's a fun hobby I
want to say approximately ten years ago
my now brother-in-law who just at the
time was dating my wife's sister
this is an unusual flag distribution
whatever you know you know you know
usually don't get that many Canadians
now I got three two Australians you know
what they're there on it the Canadians
are on at this time huh
anyway ten years ago gave me for
Christmas present a home brewing kit
it's like this little barrel and your
yeast and you can like brew your own
beer you can you mix all this stuff
together you do some shit and you let it
sit like for a week or something and ya
brew your own beer and I started reading
these instructions and I was like oh
yeah this could be fun I like Fiona so
to reading the instructions I said you
know what I'd rather just buy it buy the
beer and then I'll drink the other the
beer that other people made cuz that
seems like it's brewing seems like a lot
of work and like I know it's fun and I
some friends of mine like brew their own
beer Oh bother
sent us a bunch of his home-brewed beer
which I drank and enjoyed it's great if
that's your hobby I don't have the
patience for it I would rather just go
to the store and buy someone else's beer
and we can build up there you can build
anything I said he said he's gonna build
things he's gonna build your beer he's
gonna build my beer he's gonna build my
beers okay here's the plan we're gonna
get the alien super drunk it's gonna be
great we'll make them dancing shit
they'll go back home and they'll be so
fucking embarrassed they're gonna leave
this Oy they're gonna go home and be
like whoa we party to an audience and to
crash this spaceship because they are
driving drunk and shit this what but
what this pre-made kit is just too much
work that's that's what I said that's
what I said
I didn't like it you had to mix your own
shit and then wait a week for your beer
I could just go to the store and get
good enough I love him but look at RK
Johnson he looks hilarious look at him
he looks like he looks like a
middle-school substitute teacher who
like put on the put on this Ellie I
guess I got a fun my name is that Jordan
Johnson
and I'll be teaching what am I algebra
today oh don't give him a beard yeah no
no no beard and nothing uh-oh me
mustache yeah there you go like that
that looks great
what do we have my side we have that one
we got it like pencil yeah it's a pencil
though that's pretty good
I've been instructed we apparently
watching a video presentation on
integers and their values in the code
that could the call of coagulation
Jordan Johnson not Timmy Timmy I've been
warned about you you gotta settle down
Timmy
order is very important order yeah
what do you mean which one moves first
this is very easy to move without
thinking like figure so you don't want
your sniper in the first position okay
okay yeah the the first one you want to
be your scout and I think that class is
supposed to be like the sport supposed
to be your scouting kind of class but
they suck yeah it supports soccer so
assault and then you should put a rookie
or someone next to them because I want
the last the last slots are always gonna
be heavies and snipers there's no what
you want to use last all right
who's Timmy Timmy Timmy is one of mr.
Johnson's students because remember he's
a substitute algebra teacher and Timmy
is one of his students get with the
program
get with the bit that I just made up
your strange man I've never been to Asia
no I might rename the troops what's your
what's your damn rush damn rush really
all right let's see here in some insulin
King insulin King 2016 found our LM just
over a year ago
ready watching all the best of the words
worst videos this month best of the
works best of the warts videos which is
another series that we do where we check
each other's backs for moles who had the
best watch today it's you know it's
important work see if I know what that
one looks like it's growing we should
have that looked at
do you have a favorite episode or movie
or memory anything happen off camera you
wish you could have filmed play just the
wart checking they came out of that
building awful fucking utterly
um let's feed our sniper
we never sniper to love love quick
feeder sniper yeah I like that
so it's how I think of it they're
useless until you get squad sight and
then they start becoming ridiculous but
until you get squad sight yeah they're
just in the fucking way yeah so any
opportunity I have to get multiple kills
with a grade and sniper all they'll do
it cool
as far as favorite best of the worst
episodes are concerned two things stand
out for me one is the the Jillian
episode that's a good episode that that
was a lot of fun and you know just
having her there and someone who like
isn't necessarily a bad movie person
made it a little more insane just good
like that perspective of someone who's
not necessarily familiar with bad movies
yeah that was great and that was a lot
of fun that was just a lot of fun to
film and I like Jillian she's a great
person so just to have her around was a
lot of fun and the second one for me is
SOS I'm not a huge fan of we love the
worst and uncovering the madness that
was SOS was was a joy rich any memories
any movies how can i how could I not say
the Christmas episode with Santa Claus
versus Satan and and elves that was a
great episode was that was the third
movie Oh a Christmas vacation too of
course
yeah of course that was a great one that
was a great episode
Halloween one with the Showbiz Pizza
bear Oh magical magical moment magical
moments as far as like stuff that we did
off-camera
like a lot of times and and very
recently very recently we came across
you know a lot of times we'll just get
together in like watching movie and
recently we came across a movie I can't
give you too much information but you
know we watched a movie and think I know
what you're talking and we didn't film
it we didn't film our reaction of it cuz
we just got together and watched a movie
yes I miss Wow soup of the gun the gun
wasn't lined up
I could tell oh really yeah that's funny
that does that wait is he just sitting
out there exposed the alien yeah he is
so we recently watched this movie and
it's it's gold it's absolute 24-karat
best of the worst
diamonds rock-hard that didn't come out
right but we can no longer have like a
genuine first reaction to it because
we've a lot of us have seen it some of
us haven't seen it yet but every once in
a while we'll come across a situation
like that where we'll watch a movie just
because we like getting together and
watching movies and we but we have we
have an idea we have a possible solution
we're gonna work out
goddamnit we're gonna work on it
tire consensus even though the 1986 film
was itself a remake of the original
Roger Corman film and what are your
thoughts on the remake of Little Shop of
Horrors great seriously what a tease
franchise has not been remade yet oh yes
I think you're talking about the musical
I know apparently they're working on
another remake also a musical possibly I
don't I have no I had never heard about
this yeah I know very little about him I
also know very little about it it could
be good you're allowed to do a remake
you can't stop them it could be bad it
also could be about the same so I'm very
helpful things you're saying yeah I'm
just trying to cover all my bases here
there's nothing else you can do just
take the damn shot oh you missed hey my
name is Jack and rich I hit a deer on
the way home from work don't do that
anymore kind of ruined my night that a
fucker that'll fuck up your riot I'm
sorry man
but your stream is nice to come home to
so my question have either of you ever
hit a deer while driving that's a big
that is actually a big concern here in
Wisconsin especially if you're driving
in the northern parts of Wisconsin I've
never hit a deer but I do have two deer
stories boom neither of them are very
pleasant all right let's do it if your
story it up really really one thing all
right I give us one deer story and then
we'll see if we want the other okay how
about go for the one that's not so
unpleasant oh they're both very
unpleasant oh great um wait wait wait
grant grant hold on which riches
quacking
clan is quacking up
seean you know what the hair oh fuck mmm
well shit shit dog that was a dumb idea
a nun wanted a bit over for a better
shot and she had full health so she was
the obvious choice like I had other
people with full health I guess I could
have moved but you want one and that's
what's important
she didn't die you want yeah right which
one do I start with one's pretty simple
the backgrounds more complicated than it
needs to be I was out of town visiting
some kind of friend of Karen's and they
lived somewhere near the middle of
nowhere I was a little wooded area
nearby pretty good pretty big wooded
area and Karen was sick when she went up
and well she started again she said I
think I think I think this would you got
mom oh and if she came down with it I'm
that trip and I had to I had to go out
of my own to get some medicine from the
Walgreens and I'm in an area I don't
know I'm driving down the street it's
nothing but trees on either fucking side
of me yeah and I'm driving down it's
late at night and suddenly the road
turns like pink pinkish red it's like
the whole road like what the hell is
going on and then I drove by half of a
deer it must have been hit by actually
it was so much it might have been a
might of the fucking summer I might have
plowed through a goddamn
a comical amount of blood but the road
turned red there's a half a deer rich
deer are big creatures I don't know if
you know this the other deer story
in some ways arguably more unpleasant
okay I was just walking through the
Forest Preserve one day Wow I wasn't on
a trail I was just a pretty young man
and I mean I'm like late teens and it's
just nice to be out of a house just
going for a walk clear my head there's a
fort observe not too far from where I
live I walk through the Forest Preserve
and mind my own business and off in the
distance I'm looking oh that's a deer
leg it's just a leg and I'm just just
walking by hmm
out in the middle of that clearing
where's the rest of the deer oh shit I
almost stepped in a rotting dead deer
like my foot was just about to go down
inside of what was left of the deer I'm
just assuming it died and then like a
coyote took part of the leg and dragged
it away I just I'm just like on my way
down something I just made a bigger step
went over it almost threw up of course
of course
oh that's horrible
be careful when you go out into the
woods you never know what's gonna happen
right right those are my two deer
stories they're not an acute Bambi
variety oh you came to support well
we're never going to use you again
nice knowing you Jordan Johnson you're
going back to middle school look at look
at him he looks like a sport early games
gonna give me nothing but fucking
supports supports and sniper so I can't
use because they're not leveled up give
me fucking heavies and assaults give me
the useful classes give me some of them
kick ass out of the box
fucking supports
did John Rich yep do Sox fans find Hawk
Harrelson as annoying as the rest of us
I don't I don't know about the Sox fans
as a hive mind I don't know about that I
could tell you that I personally find
him in a little bit of matches a little
bit annoying I respect him for his
longevity but his catchphrases and yeah
okay so who is Hawk Harrison is the the
TV announcer I usually listen to the
radio gotcha I'm with him Jack did you
talk about Moana oh I haven't seen Moana
hidden so he's doing good good movie
Milana what boy not what it's it's I do
not blame you for not knowing what it is
it's the new Disney animated oh I wonder
thing a little girl and Dwayne the rock
Johnson okay yeah hear good things
haven't got around to sing yet I'm sure
I will take the kids to go see it
because they've been super into Pokemon
everything pokemon and so we've been
we've been burning through I have to go
every every goddamn time if anyone
remembers the original Pokemon animated
series every goddamn time that Brock
falls in love with the cute lady you
should hear their squeals and giggles Oh
old Brock he loves girls oh it's so
crazy because they're young yet they
don't get it it's fuckin anything
they're so into Pokemon that it hurts
the real the real tough part is you know
they're gay they have a lot of Pokemon
cards actually someone sent us a bunch
of Pokemon cards thank you for that
because we've been we've been trying to
we've been trying to learn the Pokemon
card game
because a lot of kids in their school
have pokemon cards but no one knows how
to play the actual card game and yeah
the indigo League for the first season
but all these kids have pokemon cards
but no one knows how to play the game
and so actually me and my 8 year old
just hunkered down found some youtube
videos found the rules and figured out
how to play the Pokemon collectible card
game and I think it's a really bad game
I think it's really convoluted and the
rule set is very specific and it's it's
it's so clearly like a pay to win
situation where you get the right cards
and the right strategy and that's the
master strategy so like there was some
interesting stuff in there and as far as
the card game was concerned like just
with the cards we had it was kind of fun
because you know you get to yeah battle
with the Pokemon and he the eight year
old really liked it
waitwhat
what's hard is getting the name of the
bad movie didn't mention in your story
earlier what well come on card game is
easy what's hard is getting the name of
the bad movie you didn't mention in your
story or the can't mention it because we
were probably gonna do something with it
can't mention it can't even give you a
hint but it it is something so special
this bad movie that we watched it it is
something that defies everything we
thought we knew about bad movies and and
it is special but you can never have our
genuine first reaction to it which was
amazing it was it was a great time just
to come here hang out and watch a bad
movie but in any case and and so in the
water-types
beat-beat the fire types which everyone
knows but in the game like the way they
do the way that they do balance it no no
I stopped talking about
that's true we tend recently said we got
we're almost there with indigo League so
we watch the Pokemon movie Pokemon the
first movie and but I'll be done now
I'll be down it's fine it's a comical
time take a restaurant bro i speaking of
card games yeah my own segment segue
here we we finally got to play the
blood-borne card game and it's perfectly
average it's not that fun it's always a
fun game it's fine fine game it's got
nothing on marvel legends marvel marvel
legendary
marvel legendary whatever marvel
legendary is the card game we played
around after you and Karen live Marvel
engineer is a great card game but
blood-borne was pretty alright I think I
think we we weren't battling each other
as much as the game expects you to and
so we won very handily at blood-borne
the card game I'm gonna say this when it
comes to board games yeah your wife is
cutthroat
isn't she terrifying she's terrifyingly
come through yes yes she is she does not
hold back for anything or yeah sat
through the whole game yes she's gonna
win I can tell him she knows what she's
doing that's played this game the first
time she knows what she's doing that and
that's actually the really rough part of
playing a game with her is she will
understand a game button like not let on
that she gets the game it's like all of
us are trying to figure out this
blood-borne card game and you know she's
like oh yeah oh maybe that's it but she
knew exactly how to win
I knew she knew she's she's great she's
great but I enjoyed it I've had it on my
shelf for a while now but it you need at
least it's three to five players and so
I've been waiting for more people to
come on
she played board games with us on the
board game stream a while ago and she
talked the bed my wife I don't know if
she's been on the stream since then but
I know that I'd like to give the
blood-borne card game another try it's
very interesting because like that it
does have this whole blood echo banking
system and it could be deeper
it could be deeper but it also we that
was a first time playing we don't know
the mass transfer my dogs you have the
other plug-in hose that you collect from
fighting the monster yeah and you can
choose to bank them and they go on your
bank you can't touch them right I you
get points based on that bank right I
really thought there should have been
like a well do you want to bake those
who do you want to spend them to get
better cards better cards might get you
more in the long run but you're giving
up blood that would have been great and
that's how I assumed it work yeah I
assumed you had to spend your blood
echoes to get you made am house
rotisserie how it works but uh support
support
when are we getting the exporting stream
boarding if she was a tough man they are
tough to do oh yeah we need we need
people and it's a whole different camera
setup and how many of these are from
girls so weird this is the Special
Forces of your major countries and a
top-secret alien project and there's a
bunch of girls no one would expect them
or or it's randomly generated it's do
that it's to the point percentage-wise
where it's it takes you out it takes you
out of the world it's randomly generated
who changed the percentages they had it
like before the enemy within that would
update it was so unbelievable but you
know 25% you can deal with that that's
not distracting when 3/4 of your squad
or female
militaries don't really work that way
it's jarring it's jarring we're talking
about people who fight yes we all in
this yes we are we're living in sci-fi
already written all right you can't yet
you can't exist except aliens no
invading the like the real world that's
countering this unknown threat and then
it's like fantasy all female warriors
it's weird but buddy you're done laser
guns are perfectly fine like that's the
you okay with that yeah yeah that's the
fantasy element invading in in the real
world but when the real world is awesome
fantasy elements it takes away from that
these are specially trained female
agents and no one would expect
threatening a giant heavy machine-gun
when they when they're built like many
if they were like actually built but
look at these tiny little eggs the giant
fucking machine guns it's a it's a game
wrench man like it's not it's fuckin
nuts I don't think it's as crazy as
you're making it out to see I don't
think is that big a deal you got you
have people fighting aliens with laser
guns throwing grenades
if I come out to Wisconsin can I be in a
boardgame stream I won't complain about
being away from the whole time no we
don't know who you are we don't know who
you are and that would be weird blue
blaze I'm still getting the tips I by
the hold on so yeah actually I'm behind
I am behind what's wrong with your
behind nothing that's a chant upset
about my comments I'm just curious okay
okay I haven't seen anything you can
edit their body styles if you want you
can edit their body cells to make them
all not in this one good I don't think
you gonna actually I don't think I'm too
you can edit the body this is live you
can edit oh that body style yeah yeah no
no one's really upset about the things
are saying it's fine the chat is more
upset about you not renaming your squad
I'll remind me again after this mission
it's not something obviously it's not
something I am currently thinking about
right I'd love to flank but I know if I
do that that overseers gonna pop up ruin
my fucking week 97th jackal thank you
for the Kevin I get it I won't say it to
rich cuz he won't get it he won't
understand but I think that's
appropriate yeah it did they made an
overwatch joke okay I'll talk to the
chat the the the this cast needs more za
Ria's and less tracers sorry the the
bulky woman the bulky woman okay the
trace is a little petite woman okay as I
was just like I just wanted to like um
yeah get you over what joke but I do
want to make big deal out of it Jack
turgor drawers I've never seen the wild
wild west Wow
so I have no strong opinions on it I
love Kevin Smith's movie or TV show I
assume them at the movie by
I'm gonna get one of them I got one of
them so I only use one per day and
that's that's a fine thing WikiWiki I
remember the song we're going to the
Wild West
hey yeah says em Bronski have you guys
ever read any of the spawn comics
instead you have any favorite arcs that
you can recall no I grew out a spawn
really quickly like super quick
it's a neat concept but todd mcfarlane
it's just a horribly uncreated person he
didn't do anything interesting with it
like ever in the entire time that I was
reading spawn
I stopped maybe he actually hired a
writer at some point I don't know
I remember the spawn movie got that lots
of good concepts that nothing
interesting was ever done with that's my
personal opinion on spawn the very
little spawn that I have read out I'll
go ahead and agree with you but I've
read I've read I mean a couple issues
maybe Mulholland jr. says rich I'm
shocked you read past the Clone Saga lol
Italians stinky crack what for
spider-man
I quit during the Clone Saga I wasn't I
wasn't I wasn't eating any of that shit
right shit yeah
I stopped reading and then when I was
over one of my best birthday presents
ever was the issue that came out where
Ben Riley was thrown off a roof by the
Green Goblin and fell into a cab and
melted that was the best birthday
present ever this is the first time I
had read a spider-man comic book in
years like oh they're ending the Clone
Saga oh thank fucking god cuz in my head
I wasn't gonna come back not only did
they have to end the Clone Saga bring
Peter Parker back they had in my mind
they had to kill Ben Riley and they did
and I came back for a while well there
you go idea for a competitions as a nice
rich plays The Binding of Isaac
and Jack plays FTL and whoever gets the
farthest is the winner by FTL Jack's got
experience with FTL you know I play FV
oh yeah all the time
yeah BNE honestly I beat Jack playing
XCOM right I would I would not make it
very far an ex-con and rich was pretty
good at Isaac but sure sure was the
items I was getting so I can't brag
random roles yeah yeah uh Nico :
can't you live and wanted to say hi just
got home from screening from a screening
of Escape from New York and it was
glorious favorite John Carpenter movie
go big trouble in China I mean I don't
want to choose that one because you just
shows that one but it's so big yeah yeah
that's a great movie John Carpenter has
got a lot of good new comedy sci-fi fun
characters everything about Big Trouble
in Little China is right I like hurt
Russell that's all you need
Kurt Russell and John Carpenter yeah
it's not like they ever did anything
else together
I'm just saying a movie that has Kurt
Russell is immediately better than a
movie that doesn't have boom now I want
to find a really terrible Kurt Russell
film you over guess what you can't you
can't you know why Kurt Russell is
awesome and I know what you're thinking
what about what about the mid 80s comedy
about him tricking a mentally
handicapped woman into marrying him
overboard
it was great no I'm on board with that
I'm on board with overburn love
overboard
what about his Disney era that's my
that's a younger Russell that doesn't
count
that doesn't count why does that count
baby Kurt Russell he wasn't making
decisions for himself he was a kid he
couldn't when he was a kid he couldn't
choose the movies that he was a part of
right doesn't count
next captain Ron great Martin Short boom
I don't know what movie it was one of
those Disney movies he was in he played
a character called rich Evans
oh yeah Kurt Russell played a character
called rich Evans captain Ron awesome
movie I don't know what you're talking
about
fond memories of captain Ron Kurt
Russell Martin Short family goes on a
comedic adventure boom done
death Proof the theatrical version is
awesome
get over it done allegedly Walt Disney's
last words were Kurt Russell it's
because he knew he just said the
awesomest thing ever and he died happy
man froze his head he's gonna wake up
watch what Kurt Russell has done with
his life and be like yes I made the
right call Kurt Russell then he's gonna
die again rich the answer is maybe
George Lucas know great what blood but
uh uh can you please discuss how well
plan DC films are um what do you see
films are they making movies I've been
I've been in my garage I've been working
on my personal film they'll help you
really like that that Batman I thought
that Arnold Schwarzenegger was a great
mr. freeze
I wanted to cast Arnold in Star Wars I
thought he would have made an excellent
wookie anonymous has a very important
question did you know a bad girl and um
and that movie was the first female
actress and a film really in in Batman
and Robin it's two groundbreaking for
people I couldn't handle it
are you saying Alicia Silverstone in
Batman or Robin was the first female I
have first female actress and a movie
first of all I didn't know that thank
you thank you for letting me know that I
now I'm gonna look back oh shit I forgot
to grab the melt as dumb you were too
busy you were in the bit yeah I did a
big dumb I made it risky move just to
get it and I forgot to grab it fuck me
which is why does Mike have a stockpile
of footage of Rich's grandmother as I
mentioned earlier it has a weird
fascination with my life if you haven't
noticed like like an unusual sick
unhealthy fascination that's very true
and a lot of these shorts that you guys
made yeah a long time ago revolved
around your grandmother yeah and Mike
would shoot video of her saying things
yeah so so we have there's footage
there's footage around of Rich's
grandmother Mike Scott some issues yes
but don't we all yeah the answer is yes
poke Alex in the eyes is rich apart from
the obvious droid stubborn lat
besides the obvious droid sturbation
yeah is the
anything immortalized on video that you
kind of regret doing or are in there's
half of things I've ever done on video
boom boom and then you get on with it
and make the next thing that you'll be
embarrassed but yeah it's fine it's fine
hey Jack says this time it's lupus it's
better than working at McDonald's boom
this ain't Jack gave up on Supergirl ten
or so episodes in is it really
worthwhile to catch up on all so if you
haven't watched it before I highly
recommend Lucifer it's just a lot of fun
first like like as a TV show or
something or is just like a religion
yeah I think just like as a person like
read up on that Lucifer guy it's a cool
stuff you know every everything we know
about Lucifer we're kind of taking God's
word on that the you know what they say
though the winners right the winners
right the books
Lucifer isn't the one that told a man to
take a son up upon a mountain and to
sacrifice him as old Sampson was it was
it Lucifer that gave Joe the pox
what was it Lucifer that and Ryan
drowned drowned nearly the entire
population of the entire world that's
was for just why do people eat from the
tree of knowledge
you wanted to bring knowledge to mankind
oh who got who got mad about people
having knowledge who got mad about that
it's a seven-story I've heard of Lucifer
the show
Lucifer yeah I've heard it's good things
here here's the thing about Supergirl
the Supergirl TV show I was just
wrapping up its rap there's a pretty
good bit of TV show its first season
kind of sucks ok this new season that
they're on season 2 really fun and super
great maybe you don't necessarily need
to watch the first season of Supergirl
have some fun episodes in there the
flash crossover up so it's pretty fun
but you don't necessarily need to watch
it all you can go right it's not it's
not the greatest I actually I gave up on
Supergirl I think I only made it 3
episodes on the first girl and then I
gave up but then I heard that flash was
coming over so I caught up so I wouldn't
miss anything and you don't really miss
much so just go right to season 2 it's
way better
it's a Supergirl worship Satan down the
show she hasn't said maybe I'd like to
think she does Jack is Swiss Iron Man
close to being your personal movie of
the year also has rich seen it if so did
he enjoy it you know familiar with it
though sounds fun so far like just off
the top of my head yes favorite movie
this year a lot of fun watching it
really well made
missed a Varun's says i'm struggling
through season 1 of Luke Cage and also
going through season 1 of Jessica Jones
I just can't stand the lead in Jessica
Jones to me she has the charisma of Matt
Salinger I whoa whoa whoa whoa walk well
what happened I didn't - I just moved
Oh wrong button click no I don't think
so her glitch it didn't cost me
fortunately but that was some bullshit
that was some major league bullshit I'm
sorry I hate this there's an abyss
glitch like for what it sees me through
the fucking door hmm
god fucking XCOM I love and hate you an
equal measure you can tell you can tell
we're talking about Supergirl the TV
show and and yeah season 2 is way better
Superman shows that he's a great super
cool I was a great shot man
so here's the thing about jessica jones
lacking charisma
I mean her character is kind of a bitch
and so I can see being put off give
jessica jones some time once you get
into the story especially once oh god
what's his name the doctor David Tennant
okay oh wow doctor as soon as David
Tennant shows up and the actual
backstory supports asleep which give me
a fucking heavy an assault oh your love
is so obvious 4x come um and I'm not
saying that sarcastically choking wait
we've all played this game at this game
like this where you just know it's the
dice rolled and sometimes the dice
aren't with you next time give it an
ex-con oh hey early game you really need
those heavies and assaults I see you
chat and you
no you want rich to rename I don't know
you know that's up to rich all right
here we go give me anything a fucking
dick even care just give me a fucking
name so we can shut these people's like
up says you woke my cat up and I'm
wearing headphones
that's sad za 80s because he woke his
cat up boom also lupus AAA
how's that that's perfect perfect and
the next one named lupus also lupus this
time it's lupus no I like also to and
also lupus I can't use it we can't use a
randomizer thing right now because it's
on the other thing if you want to
alt-tab and use the randomizer ther all
right what do we got what do we got
that's fine it's fine just pick a name
okay how about some face oh sure that
guy give me the support that I'm never
gonna use because it's a support Chet
Chet to the ant eater the ant eater Chet
to the ant eater all right who's this
other person that I'm never going to use
because they're a support who wants to
not be used in my ex con game fart Lord
Oh who else doesn't ever want to be used
in my game because there are support I'm
just saying be honest you kind of want
fart Lord on your team Matt don't you
know you kind of do great Mario Mario
says fuck supports so my marketing oh
this is fuck supports okay great
I'll save Mario Mario who else J kiddo
Jake kid oh wait Jake kid with two DS Oh
age is cool sitting around boom J kid
last name oh wait boom great one more
sniper who potentially will be you
someday but they probably won't be
levelled up enough to be useful tonight
how about seven of Borgnine these are
just the names I see as as riches ask
inform great riches laugh is not
affected by the volume button holy shit
what have we been telling you people
rich is a voice is magic huh huh we
cannot control wit support support
support I'm so so so sorry oh right so I
guess a fair Maria will be Mario Oh a
Ference to end up on jessica jones I can
see where you're coming from as far as
her character and you know you're
thinking like she lacks charisma but
you'll get there like this story comes
together and her character makes sense
and the way she's acting makes sense it
all comes together and I feel that it's
all basically her origins are just
thrown out there right up front with the
purple man that's kind of a reveal in
the books it's a reveal on the show it's
like the first episode you don't want
that to like near the end of the run of
the
look what her backstory is and in the
comics
that's like wait what that's like the
last leg of alias is just that she was
with the purple man like he does not
mention till later on and you know
something happened to her but you don't
really know what oh but that's not the
important backstory in Jessica Jones
yeah the important backstory is what
happens laters point no spoilers but
with problem with the purple man you
know he's not mentioned at all early on
in the books that doesn't matter that
doesn't matter
shit you know everything that it you
know that you know what tragic backstory
like in the first episode not you don't
one you don't know the full scope of
hurt Reds
okay okay the the grandness of the scope
is revealed later on and then you have
the specific event that's the big turn
okay in in the TV show and that's the
important part but no like the the slow
unveiling of the scope of purple man's
villainous is is I think done handles
very well and and that kind of explains
why what's the actresses named you know
anybody's name she's something ritter
yeah okay but in any case I think I
think like oh yeah okay I had a button
oh I had a vibration that caused me to
hit a button oh that's true what Ren JB
anyone who's a twitch prime subscriber
make sure you you renew that twitch
Prime subscription to us or to any
twitch streamer that you feel like
supporting as you get a free
subscription every month it doesn't have
to be us but if it is we appreciate him
responsible by me bone store more go to
Al and shedder says Jack now that it's
Christmas time is upon us how do you
respond to the inevitable buy me bone
storm or go to hell you'll soon be
hearing from your kids thrill house out
yeah you know we we usually keep
Christmas pretty small at our house and
you know we have something we got
grandparents around and aunts and uncles
they they get plenty of toys and I'm
just perfectly okay telling them no at
all times mm-hmm and that is so
important to any parent out there you
want some parental advice be really
comfortable saying no that's all you
need cuz you know what if you're
consistent don't listen and yeah you
know like we always offer our offerings
to Lucifer around us and we find that
the Dark Lord provided and that's the
important part and more so he doesn't he
doesn't just give us stuff the Dark Lord
who tried to bring knowledge well let's
see humanity here's the great thing
about the Dark Lord Lucifer is he
doesn't just like give us gifts he
explains to us how to work for them
properly through knowledge and training
and that's where I think Lucifer's real
strength time grants for ants oh you're
fucking kidding me what happened what
happened and what does it mean some
panic level bullshit if I don't want to
lose a country I've gotta do the France
mission for scientists I have enough
scientists I really need a fucking heavy
and I really need fucking engineers and
yet Paris is gonna go fucking nuts and
they lose Paris and fucking Russia if I
don't do this mission oh oh this is some
horseshit anonymous says Jack you should
really check out the get down on Netflix
I do want to it looks great a mythic
saga of the late 70s New York and the
birth of hip-hop and disco told through
the lives of told through the lives and
music of South Bronx kids yes I do
that it looks fun looks like something I
do want to launch early days of hip-hop
and disco the get down uh Netflix
original the blaze have you heard of the
bureau XCOM declassified
yeah it's mediocre at best read spoilers
and the story just obnoxious not doing
to it great
anonymous is Jack every season of every
Marvel Netflix show is without fail two
to three EPs episodes too long trim the
fat out of those thirteen EPS and make
it ten like Fargo or ash vs. Evil Dead
nice and tight thirteen has too much
filler possibly which by thirteen month
there and Marvel Netflix shows have
thirteen episodes
okay and they're saying you know they
they're they're noticing a trend aboard
maybe it's a little too fat trim it down
to ten like other other shows have been
doing to get a nice tight ten probably
definitely really watch daredevil for
the Marvel shows I had no issues season
one then I got I didn't finish watching
season two but I didn't get there were
close to ten episodes either I just got
distracted by other things like and
never came back
i think jessica jones is great i thought
i i don't think the problems with
daredevil were pacing you know like i
don't think that my problems was
daredevil was fat and my problems with
luke cage wasn't fat like they're my
problems were a lot deeper than just
bloat so but you know there's nothing
wrong with with ten episodes that
Westworld was ten episodes and those
were fucking tight ten episodes so i I
guess what I'm saying is maybe I don't
think bloat was their problem
but some bad characterization of course
if they went you know what if they went
down to ten episodes they could have
some budget for some decent action
sequences maybe cut three episodes out
daredevil did fine with action sequences
daredevil did I'm thinking more of a
okay that's not the budgets problem then
if daredevil could pull it off with
thirteen episodes I'm pretty sure
Westworld season one is longer than ten
hours there's ten episodes doctor smoke
trees ziggety I disagree I thought Luke
Cage was was mediocre mediocre I thought
it was I thought it was weak
Wow you came out of nowhere Oh stinky
McFly we did do a Mario maker stream we
made some episode we made some levels we
played some of your levels and had a
great time check it out on our YouTube
channel check it out hey it's up on our
youtube check out our hyperlinks I
thought maybe I'm getting to it I'm
getting to it I'm catching up on tips
jano hey bad news and shoes confirms
Westworld was 10 episodes but a couple
of them were longer than an hour so it
was it like eleven and a half total
hours but yes 10 episodes
oh right element 7 2 3 1 you know
actually before I go into that the other
weird thing is Luke Cage is was the only
Marvel Netflix show to also be produced
by ABC Studios ok and I wonder if that
had any negative effects negative
effects on its on its production because
ABC just doesn't know what the fuck
they're doing maybe that's part of why
networks are dying marvel's agents of
shield is a pretty weak show also
produced by ABC studios just putting
that out there putting that out there
anyway where was I
element 731 guy is loving the stream
rich question about ex-con yeah what
I've noticed is there are a lot of
different trainings and classes in the
game my question is why do you hate star
wars lol F my C I don't know what to do
with you people I don't know what what
to do with you people guess what you
can't do anything you can't do anything
you can't do anything with them
Anonymous's zat's was wondering earlier
if you can send in unsigned insert
slipcover with postage envelope etc and
get it signed if you forgot to ask when
you order they'll help myself open
emails read letter contact contact
contact and realtor yeah yeah yeah yeah
red letter media com and the answer is
yes send us the sleeve with a little
note asking us to sign also send you
know another thing for return postage
and we will absolutely do that for you
sad sorry if I missed you in chat but
absolutely yes but all like along with
sending that send an email saying that
you know heads up
check the mail for something like this
and we will sign it for you absolutely
absolutely maybe we've done it before
and so because we've done it in the past
I can only conclude that we will do it
in the future because the past always
exactly resembles the future every
single time without fail because we've
done it in the past and it represents
well know now we have to just discourage
it I mean geez everyone's just gonna do
it we're gonna get 20,000 requests for a
sleeve sign sleeves Oracle II it has
been easy on us and so because there's a
little time expenditure on our part
obviously if everyone decides to do jack
Packard this does not officially
represent anybody at red letter media
LLC by the way that's really true
if I haven't made it
I have no sway in this building I can't
do anything you can't get a reasonable
mixed I can't like III try to like
politely ask for a reasonable thing I
can't do that I got nothing I got
nothing here but I'll just say shit and
you guys know I'll just say shit so are
you guys going to play a review Space
Hulk Deathwing first base Hulk I've not
heard of Space Hulk Deathwing great yeah
you're right
Jack's opinions our holy representative
a previously recorded live Inca this is
true this is true I speak on behalf of
previously recorded not necessarily red
letter media send all complaints to
twitter.com slash harlech Jack's 4th
bananana s-- is showing listen I'm lucky
to be fourth sometimes I'm like sixth
you guys know that and I'm just here I'm
just here having a good time I just hang
out with my friends and watch bad movies
it's all about that's all about yeah you
can go there fuck it you're fine
Abbi you'll be fine that's probably dumb
I shouldn't want to know it
no Casper jack is not just working here
I like I guess I'm working here yeah but
you know remember I I don't actually
work for red letter media I just hang
out and and they they can't they're too
polite to tell me to leave so they just
keep putting a camera in front of me in
so far maybe you'll be embarrassed
enough to go and I just
haven't and so I like their they're
really bad at confrontation Jay and mica
and so they just said I just let it go
it works out for everyone
ah where were we
I Eve on May says speaking of Satan
versus Santa remember the dead children
joke and how it was said he had a castle
in the sky oh yes there are two other
castles you missed implying that it was
a kingdom in heaven and the kids were
dead okay great great that was such a
weird movie yeah
that's Santa vs Satan movie yeah that's
great
that was great Jack I hope at least they
give you free beer sometimes some
they're more left in life this is not
sometimes there's beer here this is
there's no be here today I was kind of
hoping for a beer but sometimes there's
beer and sometimes there's energy drinks
they used to buy me like lunch but now
they've stopped that to like you know
you come from you come here for a best
of the worst and I don't get paid to be
on best of the worst I literally that's
just me showing up yeah and like they
used to be like hey we'll get Jimmy
John's and you know get you a sandwich
all right yeah how's that work for a
sandwich that's fine
they've stopped that now and so I think
yeah we're getting we're getting too
familiar you need to request a sandwich
I need to request the same when we film
our Christmas episode ball-ball do you
know what the theme is I don't know
don't they'll miss ridiculous so tell me
I'm excited
less less unless they've changed their
mind I came up with something with him
but unless unless they they've gone back
on it I wasn't cuz I wasn't here last
year for Christmas Canon Christmas yeah
it's I'm excited than that I don't know
if like if we talked about
the posters well where did you run where
are you going wait I saw you click over
the Oh he did he thinks I'm on the roof
that's fine it's fine okay it's fine you
clicked on the roof
Jackie me to unionize did I tell you
about the the poster the Disney poster
have we talked about that oestrogen no
oh don't know if we talked about that
stream to give you an idea of the very
casual business relationship I have with
red letter media you know that the
poster that is now for sale the Disney
fied best of the worst table with with
my likeness on it was is a really
wonderful thing made by a Disney
animator and Mike and Jade decided to
you know get prints and then sell it
which is great they actually didn't ask
for my permission to sell that poster
which totally has my face on it
which obviously listen I'm here and it's
not it's it's very much not a big deal
but that's like an idea of the casual
relationship the casual business
relationship we have here at red letter
media Jack's face is like six pixels in
size right they already own they don't
own my likeness like I've never that's
the funny thing like I've never signed a
waiver mm-hmm so like probably with a
little work I could get every best the
worst I've been on taken down they
obviously I wouldn't do that yeah yeah
the internet would turn on you huh the
internet would turn on you with a fury
if you tried to do that oh my god I'm a
fury rich obviously I would never ever
do that finally an assault Jesus Christ
it's in your contract they also on your
DNA but that's the thing I don't have a
contract what else am i doing with my
likeness that's the real thing I'm
kool-aid
I'm not doing anything with my likeness
so it's fine maybe Jack wants to sell us
like this right I could maybe I don't
know what's with the Ireland poster with
you on it right that's that's what I'm
saying it's and so like one night I come
in here for the stream and rich is like
hey check out the new merchandise this
is before they made the merchandising
video that's funny face on it and then
like you know obviously it wasn't big
deal and like a week later we're in here
to shoot a best of the worst and Mike
shows me the posters and Mike and then
all the sudden Mike comes up with a
realization like you know I never asked
if we could you know sell this to be for
at least he thought of it eventually oh
yeah he thought of it ACK after he
thought of it after they made the
advertisement selling them and already
after he sold a whole bunch of them if
you know it's great that you didn't have
a problem with it cuz we would have had
to have bought a lot of white out a lot
of white out it's just funny it's just
funny sometimes implied contracts are a
thing and I probably couldn't get you
know thinking legally I probably
couldn't get the best of the worst taken
down because there is a implied consent
decision that's what it's called implied
consent when you know you are being
filmed
yeah so obviously I'm sitting down in
front of cameras
it clearly doesn't bother jack now that
is talking about it no it really doesn't
so it really doesn't bother me it's just
funny it's just funny because like a lot
of times like we'll get that like
questions about like oh you know your
work and the work you do for rent
immediately yeah I do work for the real
bands as I was driving and the oncoming
cars hit a deer I braked as the deer
came somersaulting towards my car it
stopped so close I could you see it over
the hood and then it popped up and ran
into the woods oh well you know no
that's good like deer are giant and if
you hit a deer going highway speeds
it will fuck up your car yeah yeah
they're huge and muscular and your car's
totaled if you hit a deer yeah it's
terrifying it's terrifying so at least
at least you didn't hit a deer direct on
real fam 3:54 Jack seeing the pokemon
theme no because it's in my head way too
much as it is I'm very sorry I've sung
it before I want to be the very best
like no one ever was you know to catch
Adam is my tricked I caused all that oh
that means this means nothing
well that's the thing absolutely nothing
to me though I will travel across the
land searching far and wide yeah sure
sure that's inside Pokemon gotta catch
em all you know it's my destiny all that
stuff to anonymous says D&D; stream
probably um no I've never dd-did yeah
it's just it's just right
probably not gonna happen
sirens that said which is better or
worse DC films ignoring the television
universe 100% or Marvel keeping their
television Netflix universes at such an
arm's length it might as well be
separate which is worse
neither are worse do you really want the
DC movies infecting the air overs well I
think the hope is that the the fun-ness
of the air averse would infect the DC
movies I don't I don't know the Marvel
TV shows and movies really need to
crossover desperately they don't need to
the the thing I have heard that made a
lot of sense to me yeah
was Kevin Feige the the mastermind of
all of this what he has said officially
about the television people crossing
over into the movies is how much screen
time do you think they're gonna get he
said do you really want to see Jessica
Jones walking in the background of a
shot like people do people do people do
but he but you know what he says is that
character is not going to get the time
they deserve that's why they have their
own show they're not gonna get their
time in the movie and for me personally
I think it's a bigger insult them
keeping an arm's length in a shared
universe DC they they got their TV
universe they got their movie universe
fright more insulted that the popular
flash has been replaced and is not the
same flash in the movies that's a bigger
insult that is a bigger insult to me
like that makes sense like here's here's
our line we have a line in the sand
Marvel says no there's no line in the
sand they're just over there they're
just gonna stay over there in their
corner okay so not everybody needs to
compulsively cross over all the time all
right but hey that's fine I'm not saying
they need to compulsively cross over but
they are in
same you sure it's a big universe it's a
really big universe it's not a small or
very universe that's in New York don't
pick New York is fucking big New York is
I guess you know and how many of the
Marvel movies took place in New York
yeah one big two then the Avengers had a
major section in New York and then the
second event in New York mostly I took
place in like it was the Africa Sikh
wasn't in Slovakia what were they in New
York they're in the building they're
gonna run in a daredevil when they're in
their own fucking building yeah that's
our data but patrol was something where
meetup would be very very likely
oh right it'd be very oh okay yeah I
mean you could say The Avengers but then
those characters in the TV universe
didn't really exist yet right so okay
that wasn't a daredevil yet we're gonna
spider-man in New York okay probably
hanging on he guess what he showed up in
Civil War what do you mean what do you
mean well but I mean he'll be like in
Daredevils hood also like it but and
also in their own TV shows like there's
very little intermingling and then you
have the and then you have this whole
agents of shield side of it who like
this main shield crew barely interacts
with the movie crew which again is fine
I understand it there are entire groups
of friends living in Wisconsin yeah that
us and our group of friends we have
never run into or never really yeah like
we maybe you want past people we're
friends we'd haven't fit they didn't
mean anything to us
it's a big city it's a big universe they
don't have to cross over mmm they don't
have to it's fine it's fine I think it's
a far better thing that the DC Universe
the cinematic universe is not ruined
what a lot of people enjoy in their TV
universe
you know these things are separate maybe
that's a good thing okay and it's
fucking engineers badly fucking badly
alright anonymous rich dumb question
you know what doesn't fuck it I recently
started managing add an ER Bert's and
Gruber's the fuck isn't herbart Sanger
Bert's sandwich ah okay never before I
vaguely recall you grabbing a sandwich
pre stream curious do you there's no
like a single one place is that the
deals like a small chain okay
Herbert's and gir birds not Herbert's
Berbers with an e Herbert's
sure sure of course raffinate like
definitely definitely okay siren says
says do you think Tony Stark will be the
Uncle Ben figure in spider no because
then he would have to die he's still got
a couple movies to make yep even though
it's incredibly unlikely how awesome
would it be if he died in the spider-man
film I can think of he's gonna be more
akin sorry go finish her thought I just
had a light one off
oh yeah I was just gonna say well I I
think I think the only people that would
be sad if he died there would be Robert
Downey jr. and Kevin Fuji because he's
making a lot of money obviously their
personalities are different but I think
it's gonna be more akin to Nick Fury in
the ultimate spider-man books yes that's
gonna be more the relationship yep he
will be the the the wise old veteran
trying to teach this young buck how it
works yeah
real world yes and you know what that
worked an ultimate spider-man pretty
well yep I worked pretty well and
ultimate spider-man opened up
spider-man's world a little bit
two missions four kills two missions two
kills all in Mario Mario we need to
level up no Tony is not the doc connors
beautiful landing
Oh God without without a training school
it's gonna be a slaughter he who blinks
I have shoveled twice today rich has
shoveled once but a big once I also I
have to shovel tomorrow morning
because it's it is no more since my to
shoveling today may look into getting a
snow blower you should probably get a
snowball just get one off hand rich do
you know your GPU CPU mobile boo God no
not off the top of my damn head great
there you go very meticulous when I pick
them out and now after the fact me you
know what they're in there and they're
working yeah they're in there in the
organ that's all that matters
anonymous says rich is right if Kurt
Russell was in the movie it counts no
matter the age well we're really just
catching good stuff I was just catching
up just like a half an hour ago we
stopped talking about Kurt Russell a
while ago listen if Kurt Russell didn't
sign the contract that's not a Kurt
Russell movie if his parents put him in
the movie that doesn't count
Jack you say you like the you like Kevin
Kline oh shit what thin men you're not
ready for thin men no I got a tiny squad
Jack you say you like kevin kline I
don't know if I've ever spoken about
kevin kline but yes he's a fine actor
Dave you see Dave I'm thinking once only
once kevin kline played a presidential
body double and then the president died
and he had to assume the role of the
president great movie
fucking great movie Dave kevin kline is
great have you seen a Fish Called Wanda
yeah the Fish Called Wanda is a
fantastic comedy and fierce creatures I
haven't seen that one and please do and
also turn up the OMG don't start with
David start with a Fish Called Wanda
both are great I can't get you out Fish
Called Wanda is arguably better because
it has John Cleese in it I can't get
this and everyone likes that the camp is
great you know why Sigourney Weaver I
can't put her behind half cover because
she'll be dead because those are thin
men Sigourney Weaver playing a camera
lady get her fucking out oh this is a
nightmare
fucking night Meredith yeah they had to
be the first thing I fucking ran into
before anyone else is in any kind of
covered that that was that really
necessary ex come fucking christ
generations like an old accountant
he helps Dave manage the White House he
helps Dave manage America's books great
sometimes jackdrury her choice yes rich
and I are in two different worlds I
don't understand a lot of XCOM but I'm
just here talking about Dave Sigourney
Weaver versus Jamie Lee Curtis that's a
good that's an important question
fearful sludge boy I'm going Sigourney
I'm not gonna survive three three Thin
Man shots I'm just not there's no way I
can kill any of them though
this is gonna go very badly very quickly
and dead not close enough for me to get
him out of there with him nope she's
dead and panicked which is young I might
try and sprinter to the evac point this
is why I am never going to have a
deathless classic run through because
then Megan's type here he says if only
you had a support to cure him there was
one turn that would have been time
anyway
right oh now they're all panicked all
right well this is just done this is
done Jack my family has talking dead
blasting in the next room and it's
torture fuck the host and his shit
eating desperate grin fuck the audience
laughing - this nom MIDI AMC is Cancer
Network
I think that's weird
I'll tell you what the talking dead but
that's what people like you know it's
the talking did is a show that is just
that is just there to talk about the
episode of The Walking Dead that appears
before it and it's weird to me that that
exists but
hey uh also I will never talk bad about
Chris Hardwick he's a good guy
he's a good guy he's hosting he's doing
his chick his podcast is very good he
was he was in a video and that I made
and I asked him if he would be in a
video I made and he said yes and so he
was officially a good guy as far as I'm
concerned he he shared the bowling
trickshot video I made a while back and
it did very well we made another bowling
trickshot video out in Los Angeles and
asked him if he would kindly be a part
of it and he was so so I think you
weren't you ain't gonna find me talking
any shit about Chris Hardwick he's an
alright dude to me he's an all right
there I like the Nerdist podcast they
get good kiss yeah boom but yeah I think
it's weird that they have a talk show
dedicated to talking about the episode
that disappear buddy if you're if you're
really into a show that's exactly what
you're looking for yeah like just like
hey I just watched an amazing thing I
want to hear people talk about that
amazing thing now so I think it's weird
but I get it
how dare jack vouch positively for Chris
right yeah how dare I
oh my god yeah
you're so fucked I know I knew when I
saw this ma'am
yeah I've seen @midnight a couple times
and I think that's an all right show
I think that's all right there being get
her out of there maybe I can't never
seen that no find you jack write down
these non Marvel DC comics Edyta
suggestions okay I will say them out
loud as I write them to a turkey burger
too
give me one second here to get to my
read list right we have a mega hex mega
hex great X damn phone that's strangers
in paradise where's the where's the
abort button where's the abort mission
I don't know
Prison pit pick any man stray bullets
bullets not billets Panther Panther okay
ant colony all right I was an adventure
and bookless beckus
okay written down boom I'm done I'm done
alright let me just catch up on what am
i thoughts on the West world I thought
it was a fine first season I really
recommend it and some good sci-fi sand
some good twists and turns fine acting a
lot of really unsexy nudity which I
always find hilarious
yeah because like you know they're
Androids yeah the brothers are they're
robots not anchors they're they're just
full-on robots but the humanoid-looking
and so whenever like the techs are
working on them they're just sitting
there fully nude and it's never like
flattering nudity they're just like
sitting there with with the bits
flopping all over the place it's great
but I really like it I really like
Westworld then I really
and the seasons overnight so you can
binge season one and it's really great
anthony hopkins is beautiful and
everybody's really great Cyclops the
same hey guys
you're glad you're still alive since
turbo Jesus did either of you hear about
the dinosaurs feathers that were all
some chunk of amber if so how packed are
your bags for real-life Jurassic Park
they can't get DNA from them if they've
already explained this but it's really
awesome and fuck Jurassic world for not
having feathered dinosaurs and listen
it's it's it's a fucking fact it's it's
a fucking fact here's the fun he was a
great thing about science is like we all
get to change what we thought dinosaurs
were now it was beautiful I think we get
to change shame on Jurassic world for
prolonging the incorrect view sure they
could have they could have done work to
actually make feathered dinosaurs that
looked really cool cuz I've seen and I
was disappointed by feathered dinosaurs
as a concept so I saw some like just
some artists renderings that were just
oh that's funny beautiful they could be
they could have looked great
yeah but didn't want no scaly green
stuff maybe get it maybe maybe for the
second one no it's too late it's too
late jack fucking too late too fucking
late one really op badass one really
badass one tyrant ed are you more
excited for Ridley Scott's alien
covenant or more disappointed that Neil
Blomkamp's sequel the aliens will never
happen I'm not convinced the Neil
Blomkamp aliens would have necessarily
been great I think maybe just leave that
well enough alone here's the thing about
Neil blumpkin Niblick okay it's got one
super great movie
district 8 yeah district 9 yeah not this
whatever he's got one alright movie
the Matt Damon the robot one chappy not
well that then and he's got one question
of a month okay
chappy okay the Matt Damon fights for
like equinox what's it called chats
gonna tell me in like two seconds
because you're always way up on him
what's this Matt Damon movie Elysium
thank you that was close with equinox
that's an alright movie then chappies
kind of mana so Blomkamp's record is not
spotless I am much more looking forward
to another Ridley Scott movie by the way
the dinosaur feather yeah
thanks for for there chestnut brown
white and then I can they're great we
know what color for a fucking dinosaur
chestnut brown and white yeah sure
camouflage everything else the woods
brownish I like it
tired and sad said is there a game that
is completely flawed and aggravating
that you still enjoy playing for me it's
alien versus Predator evolution on my
tablet which is terrible but I still
really like it I don't know about that I
can tell you that XCOM isn't flawed it's
absolutely brilliant but aggravating to
play sometimes early early thinman not a
downed UFO but a full UFOs is gonna have
the full complement of aliens and I
couldn't even get a fucking officer
training center out of the game yet
because I didn't get a counsel mission
in month one which is always a pain in
the ass because you know you need those
resources early on yeah so I got I get I
had a five man crew but I didn't put it
in the the whole extra mission worth of
training that have been a little bit
more leveled up the orangey guns were
now if they were not now with that
mission nope nope alright was almost
fucking supports I couldn't get fucking
heavy to save my life that heavy if I'd
to havanese on that mission it would
have saved my fucking life fucking it
support there's your support nigga off
the pork congratulations oh thanks
jackass what if you just said all the
supports on a mission and they can
heal each other yeah that work on that
person it should work to heal she died
that turn anyway I would have done any
ating game called-- fucking infuriate
you okay I'm sorted feathers that's your
punctuation like here's my race let's
calm and dinosaurs had feathers fuck
everything else what we're talking about
final exam and semester over says gig
child UK I plan on binging some shows
West world and Mister robots are on the
list also see the trailer for War of the
Planet of the Apes scene fantastic
beasts Bucky's arm is vibranium haven't
seen fantastic beasts no interest I'm
not a Harry Potter fan I have not seen
any of the new Planet of the Apes movies
no have you no no you know that I could
do justice yeah it's gonna be terrible
I've heard no you're there all right
like the new one this might be I don't
know don't care I don't care it up to
see them that's a problem I not care I
can not care about the new Planet of the
Apes I've heard they're all right I
don't care so no I have not seen the
trailer I don't care about the trailer
and fuck care it's just what's the
status then of the Tim Burton ones that
just non-existent is that Oh kinetic
canonically yeah and how does that
relate to the newer ones where is is
this this is like the second Planet of
the Apes cinematic reboot yeah
well that well this isn't a reboot this
is a prequel also a reboot because the
original Planet of the Apes movies show
how the Planet of the Apes happen they
did that they did that in those movies
well first the first movie didn't but
they made like they made like four of
them back in the day planet of the games
which was conquest of the if those the
last one I think kind of close to the
aims this for Planet of the Apes movies
okay nobody yeah I remember I mean I
know they exist I think I've only seen
the first versus the one
oh no it was earth all along you
bastards blew it up then the second one
she saw is another astronaut he's
looking for Charlton Heston perfect and
then they did to the ape survivor but
they go back in time and we see kind of
the birth of Cornelius uh this is how it
all starts and as the fourth one was
this is mom how it starts is how it's
getting out of hand so this is a prequel
reboot this is a very specific reboot it
has no connection yeah you can't call it
a prequel to the originals because the
originals did the same shit
well it's minor did it differently but I
mean we saw how the Planet of the Apes
happened in the original 60s films
what if it's 60 70s what if it's a
prequel to the original one and a reboot
of the sequels Oh what what because like
I said the sequels were prequels and
none have anything to do the Tim Burton
movie because everyone hated it Mark
Wahlberg fuck'em is Mark Wahlberg by the
way I finally I finally understand the
whole thing with a timber crumb I mean
we're talking about Tim Burton and his
new movies and he's not really Tim Burt
there's two exam birds yeah Tim Burton
and Tim Bertrand I didn't really
understand at first because I haven't
seen any like any of his recent stuff he
doesn't have it I haven't really like
Charlie the Chocolate Factory didn't see
they care to see what was that one
strange students or something is
peculiars house for the strange whatever
it was she wanted to see that like Oh
we'll go see it yeah now I'm when the
timber Tron talk was going on during the
discussion way back and today I always
thought the whole thing was his his
Styles just been can wash rinse repeat I
thought that's what was going on like it
wasn't more Tim Burton fatigue yeah no
his that movie did not feel anything
like a classic Tim Burton movie and
feels like it was just directed by
someone else it's strange I didn't
understand until I saw that cuz you
haven't seen any of his new great that
he's just a different director now it is
literally someone wearing a Tim Burton
Mass I thought the issue was he just got
so unders routine it was old
no it's just yeah Wow they have they no
longer have the charm
no wonder know that his movies used know
someone found a Tim Burton wig and has
been fooling everyone for the past 25
years I really just assumed it was
people got old of his shtick I just know
he'd be lost his check yeah wow you
really did he really did rich tired sad
said who's your favorite cinematic Bruce
Wayne boom that's like you yeah Bruce
Wayne well Bruce Wayne Bruce Wayne this
is really splitting fuckin hairs isn't
it here's the thing we didn't see much
of a flex Bruce Wayne really I guess I
guess I would have to give it to Michael
Keaton we get him at a party Michael
Keaton my gut tells me Michael Keaton
yeah my other gut my my worst gut kind
of likes Clooney you know why cuz
Clooney's kind of really a real-life
Bruce Wayne I mean he's George Clooney
he's he's a he is a rich playboy
philanthropist
that's literally what George Clooney is
and in that movie he plays George
Clooney be with me on this one not I'm
not I'm not no no Michael Keaton is the
correct choice he would be on this one
ready because like Michael Keaton plays
it quirky he's a little off but he's
like you can tell he's for money a
little bit of an outsider and loner he
plays a great George Clooney is a
millionaire playboy philanthropist
he's also George Clooney right if there
is anyone who could be Batman it might
be George okay here's here's why that
doesn't work okay
George Clooney is sincerely a
billionaire playboy yeah at least a
millionaire playboy
has billion yeah he has a lot of money
Bruce Wayne persona is a lie and George
Clooney playing it it's just way too
sincere it doesn't feel like a facade
George Clooney is only Bruce Wayne if
Bruce Wayne really was an aloof
billionaire playboy that's so true just
not acting this is one thing I'll give
Christian Bale props on I hate
everything else about his Batman wait he
did the the insincere though I'm just a
fuckup yeah he did that he did do that
they put in some work with yeah all
right all right that's all for us George
Gray who's too happy to be Batman like
we're talking about Batman though we're
talking about Bruce Wayne talking about
Bruce Wayne
and Bruce Wayne has to put on a front to
hide the fact that he's Batman yeah
which is why you know in my head that's
because Batman is the more honest
persona right Val Kilmer wasn't too
awful no he wasn't he wasn't he was not
too awful but he's also Val Kilmer and
it's just like come on what the fuck
does that even mean al Kilmer is a very
strange actor to me okay never much
cared for his face don't you feel that
way about Val Kilmer where you just
don't like to look at him oh I don't
think about Val Kilmer enough to have
that opinion opinion about that wasn't
what the fuck's going on all right all
right we're gonna read the sub-games is
what the fuck is going on right hey look
it's all the people who sometimes to us
during the stream the eggplant and Brad
bread is a geek midnight Andy 14 months
in a row the CAF 84 pimento Cabbage
Patch 23 fucking months in a row
umberto Cabbage Patch says Phoenix right
soon yeah we forgot we fucking forgot
shit happens
we forgot chef Hathaway talked with five
Bunga ugh 27 fucking months in a row
Hays or is but two eyes aren't a fair
enough mud run 17 months in a row says
big billowy buttholes
why is use of your money
why is wise use of your money customer
says I for one welcome our new computer
overlords may our limited time on this
celestial simulation be full captain swc
Godfather 42 with twenty three fucking
months in a row 23 what sounds really
meant for me I got probably got a 23
what yeah I think I'd like actually that
one end the AIDS yeah and the eighth and
I was looking over and I could sense
your movement so I was thinking of not
saying yes but then I didn't why I do I
didn't want to be like be full of and
then nothing and pick up on it so I
think about lost in technicolor 29
fucking months in a row says huzzah
uncool aid man for twenty six fucking
months in a row all I want for Christmas
is more streams from these hack frauds
it's important to set realistic goals
whispering mol befo Potamus just the
first no there's another one there's a
couple longer maybe even yeah 30 months
in a row just just 30 I mean but I like
puts a lot of way down 30 then lose the
fucking when I had 3000 we're doing a
new one for about 36 right little cross
that bridge when we come to it but I
think from now let's look at the fucking
we're not losing their fucking there's
still get a good fucking but around 30
months 30 jjg Kerr so there's 11 months
of quality entertainment keep up the
good work you hacks a twilight of the
Gods webs the web Denso washington two
days from retirement says keep up the
great work mr. shields e hometown markup
28 fucking months in a row by sánchez
the raw the raw oh yeah the head it
talked about it grass put all to banks
twenty three fucking months in a row
death John no zero machine gun funk
friendship
Kerber yes Timothy Jager says huh same
with anniversary meet you monster for 20
fucking months in a row you monster says
thank you guys for the last 20 fucking
months of entertainment worth every
penny
Connors Homer Jr Geritol follies
gobbledygook s-- for 28 fucking months
in a row gobbledygook says you fucks
Walt hisin beard 26 fucking months in a
row
while Heisenberg says I shaved thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we really do so
