Episode 691
Merry X-COM!!! (Rich Solo)
January 11, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jj2H7_wjww4
___________________________________________

[A] one two three testing testing a my life
am i previously recorded live oh wait I
am but but am i live now mice mice
tramming it's called a Stram right I
don't know what it's called merry
holiday miss Chris something Kwanzaa
Happy Hanukkah Kwanzaa miss I don't know
I don't know what whatever how's
everyone doing same very little response
to the chat I don't think I'm streaming
I am oh my god oh my god
happy holidays again what's up I am here
alone as Jack has wisely decided to
travel to a beautiful tropical paradise
for his Christmas because Jack is a
smart man meanwhile I'm in this fucking
frozen god damn hellhole planning to
drive to a different frozen god damn
hellhole where I can then drive to a
third frozen goddamn hellhole so I can
drive back to the other frozen hellhole
after that and then eventually I will
come home to my frozen hellhole
god dammit god god god dammit but those
Dems the holidays yo he's got to he's
got stew travels to the peoples who's
has the the places that you knows and
and they they all live in winter hell
escapes that's just you know you deal
with that yeah you deal with that
planning planning though with relatives
to see another relative and and half the
relatives don't like it hey hey oh god
it's fucking it's a fucking nightmare
it's a fucking fucking nightmare getting
getting together with the other half of
my
one half my family very easy to get
together there's no there's no issues
drama it's occasionally some drama so I
got them I got the ex come on here this
the ex Kim's ex comes
I've had I've had ex come in my blood
lately and classic and I'm not classy
classic and I'm sure like a lot of
people when they hear classic I think of
the you know the original ex come UFO
defense I'm talking about the reboot
I've had the reboot XCOM in my blood the
first one of the reboots cuz I want to
have a no soldier death run on classic
now the reason I'm dead set on this is
cuz I've pulled this off in XCOM 2 I
have had I have had the equivalent of
the classic when they call it commander
or an ex come to a forgot what they call
it veteran I think it's veteran whatever
they call that difficulty that that kind
of like third difficulty up an ex-con to
I've beat it without losing goddamn
soldier I cannot do that in this ex-con
and I I have to I have to know and it's
it's foolish because I'm never gonna do
it because them early game thin men I
who I both I both love and hate because
they're actually a challenge they're
trying to kill you they're not but Apple
ten thing pretend threat that you just
be down no thin men are out to kill you
I don't know that I'm ever gonna get
through it I I got through once I got
through the first first three months
really once once you're once you would
you're into month four and if you've got
the laser equipment and if you've got
the the better armor it's it gets easier
it starts getting easier but
oh those first three months I'm gonna
try I'm gonna try it so here you'd say
set the classic difficulty Ironman and I
have the two DLCs on do not have any of
the goddamn tutorials though those can
go fuck themselves the tutorial for XCOM
oh boy I guess it's necessary it's your
first time through but it's pain in the
butt second wave option someone's asked
me why I don't use second wave options
and I'm quite fond with vanilla but
let's see what we got here I'm gonna
turn some of them on I got the greater
good which is secrets of psionics can
only be learned by interrogating a
psionic alien so once you get to the
sectoid commanders if you want to get
psionics you have to capture him not
kill him
mind hates matter which just feels right
the the gene mods they added with the
enemy within expansion are not
compatible with psionics just feels
right aiming angles it seems like it
sounds like Lena can't get a flanking
chat but I'm so close if she could
something it's like a consolation prizes
for people who whine about flanking
shots oh that's that sounds like to be
itchy trigger tentacle I want to play
with this someday
I'm not gonna do it right now because
I'm trying to have nobody die but upon
being revealed sometimes the aliens will
take a shot at you I want as few aliens
taking shots at me as possible
you know so I don't lose anybody more
than humor the psionic gift is extremely
rare now I want that cost of satellites
increases with everyone that's built I
think I think I think I'm making it
difficult enough for myself as it is
high stakes the rewards granted for
stopping alien abductions are randomized
this could I wouldn't mind playing with
that but that might fuck up some of my
like planning I'm you know what some
other time I played with bhai snakes
once or twice it's neat but I've got a
plan in mind and high stakes might
disrupt that like I said I think I think
I'm giving myself challenge enough red
fog any wounds taking a kind of Apple
the greatest soldier stats hey you know
what I think I'm okay training a lot
that's a bit random for what I'm in the
mood for right now hidden potential
maybe not created equally as easy mode
funding offered by council is randomized
I'll do that damage or I can go fuck
itself though that's a few it's a few
second wave of options like I said right
now I'm trying to not lose a soldier I
figured that's added difficulty enough
fine items certain proof classic start
game no I do not want to enable the
tutorial experience if I did I would
have had it checked off in the option
boxes earlier game stop asking how many
times did I see a movie in a theater in
2016 - 2 or 3 hasn't been that many
times whatever whatever happened the
bags I've been on of them I probably saw
something with Karen and always has
something with Karen I don't remember
what pretty sure we went to a film
skip cutscene you know I won't do that
stop for asking you know I won't do
that's my that's my one remaining OCD I
can't can't break that narrative that's
going on the story must play out it's my
one remaining OCD when I was younger kid
early very early teens didn't last long
into my teens I had a little like you
know you have to touch like the doorknob
the right way like that like the right
way like what the fuck does that mean
like weird shit and smart enough to know
it was weird but it was just a thing in
my brain and I actually overcame it by
turning it against itself I turned the
obsession into not doing that and it
went away almost instantly once it
wasn't getting reinforced and it
vanished you got yet no sound god I'll
fix it in a second I'll fix it when this
fuckers done telling me about the XCOM
project did I not care for the XCOM to
deal see here's the thing with that I
have not I played the fuck out of XCOM 2
when it first came out and then as the
DLC started coming out I was like you
know what I'm gonna wait till they're
all done before I play it and they're
all out now I haven't gotten around to
it yet because I've got this fucking
XCOM classic hurdle that my brain needs
to get through
no XCOM 2 spoilers it's not a very
spoilery game if you're looking for
amazing plot twists all right this has
gone on the sounder should be getting
something
are you hearing anything out
wait
no no I'm not saying anything maybe I've
got to turn down zoom low in the game
I'm gonna check that out calling new
XCOM classic now I'm calling the
difficulty classic is what I'm calling
classic it's classic difficulty that's
my favorite game mode just classic
difficulty new regs come alright I'm
gonna go I'm gonna go into the options
menu and see if the problem is I've got
to turn down to low in here and maybe
hold on dear horses I don't know what
this is gonna do anything nothing
doesn't look like it that makes enough
sense should be getting something
Kaspar saying I mean the original doom
wasn't story heavy but I played it for
the story what would you say the doomed
story heads spoilers fight demons kill
all demons eventually you fight a big
one and eventually you go to hell like
this that's I think I think story like
that is predictable enough where it
really can't be a spoiler all right I am
going to try and go into OBS here and
figure out what's wrong with the sound
because you're as I could tell there is
no good reason device to follow
oh wait wait this might be it hopefully
that was that make sure that's so
frightening yep yep
there we go is that too loud now
is it too loud yeah I think it's longer
than I am no no it's not too loud
yes sound but how's the valium good all
right I'm not saying good so I'm
assuming good
I'm gonna mail American troop Arif he's
an assault I'm making him look like me
and I'm naming him after me if he's an
assault so I've got dibs on that guy is
there an old can over him another is way
to be a pain in the ass next counter now
I know this man from experience if this
Mel if this meld canister is over here
it's only gonna take two turns it's only
gonna last two terms so if I wanted I
kind of have to - there's usually
usually like like 99 times out of a
hundred there's no aliens over here I'm
gonna risk it three turns I thought it
was like two
all right
there's no canister over here sometimes
just one over here so it's probably down
in there
roger-dodger
all right Roger that hate that can
collect the can and there we go there we
go you can do it we're just gonna take
her time I'm gonna get this guy in
position to help if we need his help
everyone else is going into overwatch
you thought that meld cancer only had
two turns I did too
maybe it's somewhat random but in in the
past I've had a lot of difficult to get
with that one you're in a good spot but
I might need you to move
so overwatch will wait another turn we
have four terms to get down there for
that one meld isn't as important as
everyone getting on alive anyway game
audio is barely there members hurry
that's not that hard they get far worse
or these Schmucks paying attention to
other things I did not see where they
fled to are your buddies they're not up
there are they
I did not see where they ran that's not
good that is not good
Eddie now got something over here
why are you all going with so many
different places that's a real pain in
my buttocks you got a line of sight on
three of them you got nobody
we can blast them if we have to
I'm shocked you got
see the nice thing about this map the
aliens usually end up in the pit which
means you get the the height aim
advantage like he's in half cover it's
like he's exposed 65% chance to hit full
cover 45 which sucks but for a rookie
soldier against an alien an high cover
that's decent but I cannot you can't
create anybody
pretty much jack shit son of a bitch
could have gone better
985
take the good shot
their weapons appear to self-destruct
when the operator dies we should look
closely for any fragments that could be
salvaged for our own development
programs
to instruct your men to exit blow their
cover up if they weren't rookies I would
but even if you blow their cover off
because they're rookies getting I want
your things I want sure things what if I
get lucky I get lucky with that right
right no nope I cannot get lucky with
that this is unmodern this is pure
vanilla oh you're behind that thing I
didn't get a good read
of course Oh live
all right we gotta get that thing over
there maybe I can reach maybe I can
reach
I kind of land aside I can't see I can't
see grenade might be doing nothing
all right we got sure thing and that's
good how many aliens to be down before I
leave people exposed
I killed sue this hob
one I can't see right there's one I've
either forgotten about her
no no no wait wait or short one by my
recollection I have killed two unless I
got one with an overwatch shot that I
did not notice
oh you just take that shot I don't know
good
is there another a lay in a room that I
don't recall
I must be counting right cuz there
should be three left I flanked the one I
created the other in the corner here
then we just shot that one that's three
there should be six aliens in this first
level but I only see two more I'm gonna
throw the grenade with him he's gonna be
left wide open and I'm fucked unless
that's the last one that needs to be
killed let's see what happens
oh he was over there got him with a
grenade though we're good good work out
there strike one if I'm a commander
the labs are on high alert teams are
standing by fuel orders we can begin
resurgence immediately Jude
commander to the research labs commander
to the research labs
welcome to XCOM HQ commander i'm central
officer Bradford my role in this project
is twofold
providing tactical support for our field
operations and keeping you briefed on
the current situation my efforts should
allow you to focus on the bigger issues
at hand speaking of which we have a
soldier waiting for a promotion in the
barracks is that really the last wheel
of the first episode no we always say
it's gonna be the last wheel of the
worst episode
it never is I wouldn't worry oh the
American guy became a support so I will
not be naming him after myself because
he's a fucking support our snipers
specialize in dealing massive amounts of
damage from afar but without sufficient
training their bonus snipers out for a
half the month month one when I really
need to level a sniper Oh just fantastic
the support class provides that
intangible Oh will and a support well
make everyone around them better
the assault class serves as our
frontline they're the first ones into a
fight and the last ones out
the recovered artifacts are being
unloaded and the research team is
awaiting your orders we'll get started
as soon as you give the order commander
commander to the research labs commander
to the research labs
all right who's the wounded guy Gino
suave
how's that featherweight suav
so how you're spilling it yep
all right who's my salt
all right Umberto what's you commander
to the research labs commander to the
research labs
who wants me the support that I am NOT
going to use once again I need you to
because I'm it's a support and I don't
like using supports who wants to not be
used very much
s rapper alright my supporters no ass
rapper commander to the research labs
research labs one or two peas like one
kind of you how you smelling ass rapper
I'm something wait
one p would be a raper
all right
come in everybody who's none of
wealthier to the research labs yeah we
only had three
hello commander
my name is dr. Fannin they aren't that
bad to give over decent name well I'm
not playing would be random stats
starting stats like a wave up nice we
have they're gonna have normal wave acts
recovered from our first encounter with
the aliens based on our preliminary
findings we believe we can use them to
develop some new equipment for our
soldiers with your approval we will
begin research immediately
commander I realize our troops have to
put their own survival first but every
alien we use explosives against is one
less opportunity to recover our new
artifacts
ah commander I was wondering when you'd
be stopping by welcome to engineering
anything they can dream up in the
research labs we can build it here the
speaking of which dr. Valen has just
sent us some new schematics with your
approval we will begin fabrication I
prefer this X come to the second one of
the reboots no like I said I'm just
trying to get through this without
losing a soldier which I have done an
ex-con - they're both wonderful games

[B] yes I know I got the name wrong I just
don't feel like naming somebody asked
raper I got some fucking standards for
God's sake we want to expand our
facilities we're going to have to start
excavating beneath the base
unfortunately it's going to cost
all right
excavation complete commander we picked
up multiple requests for assistance
abductions in progress are marked on the
hollow globe that's a shame
I want the scientists early but
Argentina's a country I wouldn't mind if
the panic got out of control
Europe and Asia those are a pain in the
ass with panic so that's not gonna help
but I don't want them scientist
to my bother building labs depends upon
how poorly I'm doing with research would
if I haven't had much luck getting
scientist moving into Argentina next
threat there seems to be the most
impressive alien activity continues to
surge within several major cities why do
soldiers look so you can see them when
the cameras panned way out that's why
their guns are also comically huge
central this is a big sky strike team is
touching down now standing by for your
orders
Roger big sky reading you 5 by 5 strike
1 has the green light for deployment
does my support here a long ways to the
spot waste of a spot and I know you're
over there but I'm not fighting you from
here because that's just the nightmare
you aliens are just gonna have to wait
yours terms demand to see my face you
know what I fuckin look like well for
the 38th time I'm playing this instead
of XCOM 2 because I'm trying to have a
run of this game on the classic
difficulty where I don't lose a soldier
which is something I have pulled off an
ex
good to go that's what we're looking for
six turns it's got to be one closer
six turns is absurd
that's like one of the easiest canisters
to get to in the game
ready mid-ocean yours
shotguns versus assault rifles in this
game um depends upon what month you're
in month one which I should have changed
out my assault they didn't you're only
facing sectoid non classic difficulty
they only have three health you can
usually kill one with an assault rifle
and you have range moreso than a shotgun
so an assault rifles pretty decent for
month one month two you start getting
floaters and thin men they have four
health that assault rifle is almost a
waste it's why support suck the early
months and XCOM are the most difficult
months and your supports don't do enough
damage to kill the things you absolutely
need to die right now they need to die
then men need to die the turn they show
up support can't cut that shotgun can so
once a month two starts you're switching
to shotguns and you're keeping them
shotguns until you can research laser
rifles which do four damage then you
could switch to laser rifles
sports aren't there for damage per
second they are there to save you with
smoke grenades you know it's better it's
saving you that rocket launcher that
kills the aliens I'll take a heavy over
support cuz those aliens can't shoot you
at all if they're dead I've gotten hit
I've gotten Crypt critted to death
through a smoke grenades hey you can't
say that about rockets what's they're
dead they're dead they're not something
you have to worry about anymore but I I
play this pretty aggressively assault
should usually use shotguns late game
yeah yeah it depends what you're up
against and what kind of damage you can
do but I mean if you're still in month 3
and laser rifles are available you can
you can kill some thinman and floaters
from distance well mutants start showing
up if you got the laser the with the
help of the spread laser whatever dumb
name they gave it that's a good thing to
have then
asansol a versatile close range or long
range
well this might be overconfidence but
I'm pretty sure well I'm pretty sure
this usually no aliens between here on
the cannister but I'm not gonna - yeah I
got six turns I have no need to -
alright there you go ask rapper
roger-dodger
what are they get rug one mediocre at
best
that's my spoiler free review which
you've already seen one half in the bag
no maps are not always the in the same
order there is a set number of maps
they're not procedurally generated like
the R and XCOM to which honestly is one
of the big things X come to has going in
favor of it so you have the same maps
but you get them randomly and you know
always get the same aliens in the same
spots but there are common spawn points
I think that this game could have been a
lot more replayable if they had done
more to have like just variety and spawn
points and starting points in the map
like maybe maybe sometimes this map how
you started over here as opposed over
there and then it wouldn't play out
pretty much the same way like I wouldn't
be saying well there's usually nothing
between here and there but it's fine
everything's fine
Oh
right down partners at work first
wait you're my salt you're going over
here oh that's right there I got a heavy
yet that really sucks that sucks my nut
sack
Borders confirmed on the move
Roger that
you hear that yeah I do hear that
because there are aliens in there aliens
there's the thing that comes up told me
from dashing or not words are coming up
whatever
you know what you're not a rookie so you
probably have well better aim and the
rookies gonna have you can guide the
door instead
moving to position
scanning quiet you hear something
you hear that
and just spawn over there today then be
your attending if they bust out of this
door before I breach over here
it's gonna happen or I'm gonna show up
behind me they were in here before
for
aliens and pelada aliens
meet up in and then anywhere say
music grenade Damon
I don't see if we can kill them a deal
and now
no Jack the name Jack is on vacation
10:4 salts are a great class to get this
really high shot percentages up close
just which is what you need there in
that building rode on me
I'm on it commander heading to that
location does not losing a soldier
include the random nobodies during the
base defense no it doesn't but I I'm
gonna tell you something I'm quite
capable of pulling that off and I will
try
he's got a grenade left something only
yeah yeah you're coming over the other
off because you're my you're my
shotgunner
move it out I'm dashing up on that rough
bud you don't expect aliens to be up
there be very embarrassing if I were
wrong at that particular time when you
last up the base defense every single
one of your random basin operators were
Mexican for some reason okay I am pretty
sure that your base defense soldiers
something I've noticed all come from the
the area where you're getting your
continent bonus from so if your base is
in Asia I think all those little random
guys are either gonna be from China
Japan Australia or India I think if you
if your base is in Europe they're all
gonna be from Germany UK France and
Russia and seems like your bases in
North America and you just got some
weird roles where it was all all Mexico
I can see it be easier if you're in like
Brazil then Brazil Argentina are the
only two but I could be wrong about that
but it seems like they're always from
the the continent your bases in
I'm pretty talking to fit some because
I'm playing next calmness is turn-based
and I'm not really being taxed with my
reflexes I can take my time explain what
I'm doing why I'm doing it
I kind of shit
what was that sound thank you all right
here goes nothing
here goes fucking nothing somewhat - so
that's good doesn't look like me I can
get them both with a grenade maybe I'm
wrong hey boy speed my assault
mission accomplished
yes long war mod long war mod long war
mod long war mod long war mod I'm well
aware of it some of the changes they
I've heard about I like some of the
changes I've heard about I'm not too
excited about which is why I haven't
played it it seems like they made a mess
out of the classroom which two heavies
nice that sounds like they made a mess
out of the the class tree and I don't
like that you can bring so many troops
with you on a mission now and if it
weren't for those two changes I'd
probably be using a long war mod if you
love it I am glad for you I'm not saying
it's a terrible thing I'm saying some of
the changes I've heard they made
all right bill Oaxaca and captain NIM
Peck
you've been chosen
we will be in touch commander commander
you can now honor our soldiers by
awarding them medals for accomplishments
you deem appropriate you can view and
award medals in the barracks
Hezbollah hawk a small boy I should know
this by now but sure it was just a que
no there's a sea in there
captain nitpick I saw you asking nice
earlier so you're gonna captain nitpick
who was only a squatty
just one of the American assault I could
name myself after I not get it I did not
get it I got I don't know I got going on
I have a scientist for that I appreciate
your efforts to support the research
team commander I've already put the new
recruits to work in the lab what is X
come it's extraterrestrial combat that's
what it is
somebody need to do how does somebody
need to do if someone forget there is
nothing too major
every member of the council is going to
one satellite coverage so we should plan
our deployments carefully several
members of the council have expressed an
interest in acquiring some of the
artifacts we've recovered however we
should be careful in choosing what items
we release the research team may not
have you're telling me that we should
risk the lives of our troops so we can
take one of these things alive yes
without a live specimen I'm afraid we've
reached the pinnacle of what my team is
able to accomplish and how do you
suggest we do this doctor they won't
talk to say I've just completed confirms
that the aliens physiology is quite
similar to our own a highly concentrated
electrical current delivered at close
range should cause neuroma close range
and what happens if it doesn't work do
you really think this is worth the risk
I do we do not know our enemy no else
can we hope to stop something that we do
not understand capture what if he
survives we may be able to communicate
with it and interrogated find out what
they want where they're operating from
yes that possibility
that's not skipping cutscenes is my one
remaining OCD now minded that military
commander and I don't see the benefit
into capturing a member of the enemy
buddy that's why I'm not actually a
judge they didn't know what else to do
with me
I've Bradford but rich Evans is really
in charge I don't do much of anything
really except to have poor opinion
pinions and military strategy close
range you want to capture an alien alive
there's poor scientists like well we
could we could you know we could
interrogate it we get him from get you
an alien to get information what a
fantastical idea if you've already seen
the cutscenes you can skip them well you
can do that but you are not me yes there
are three of us Bedford thinking head
brain think HUD
what possible benefit could be had from
capturing one of these aliens who we
know nothing about I couldn't even
fathom may have all the tips but I do
not have a partner to read them today
them if you tip me tonight like you've
established yet but I don't not I'm not
really reading them I'm playing the game
all right engineering I need a 5 o'clock
sieve dr. Valen expects our troops to
try to bring one of those things back
here in one piece
much less alive
there's nobody else said the studio
right now but me believe it or not the
holidays are coming up soon and people
have thinks it seems like families and
whatnot it's kind of amazing it's an
amazing beautiful thing five favorite
games this year my top game is shut up
kid leave me alone that's my top game of
the year nice work central Apple retest
recon satellite Bravo and get me a
visual on that crash site believe it
Adam I'm actually torn between XCOM 2
and doom and Oh ultimately I'm gonna get
a lot more replay value out of XCOM 2
because I'm an ex-con addict but I'd
have a hard I'd have a hard time making
them honestly decide who's pretty girly
and I usually don't pay attention like
what you did this come out I don't I
don't compartmentalize these things like
that what else came out this year but
now the highlights for me do man X come
to
the voice of Charles Bronson
impersonation no it's just generic like
1940s manly man that's what that voice
is I have an American and I'm over
confident and everything I do I know all
the answers that answer is usually
violence get in the kitchen woman it's
just generic 1940s man manly man
was it to have visas probably over a
couple Sufi let's see if we can level up
another assault
you've got no one stood in The Witcher 3
I'd want to play the other two first I
just would and I could not get through
the first one maybe I'm I'm dumb for not
just skipping it that was my that was my
Witcher 3 hang up yes yes yes exactly
dead dad somebody who used the term
commie a lot that's exactly what that
voice I'm doing is those cubbies you
might say the Reds those Reds are you
one of them you couldn't just say gummy
- it'd have to be gummy bastards we
gotta get them commie bastards
