Episode 692
Dead Rising 4.. of bore
January 12, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tXf5PMiEfNE
___________________________________________

thanks to Windows and automatic updates
and passwords I don't know why we have a
password having bothered with a password
on the laptop of the studio I can't get
into the laptop to read tips so I can't
read tips tonight I'd be delighted to
otherwise can't do it can't do it would
love to I'm sure I'm gonna have to
repeat that information
eight times tonight Thank You Windows
and you fear your automatic update crap
all right so I get the Dead Rising for
here it's the rich heavens not quite so
low stream what yeah who exactly who
need to explain this shit I'm not gonna
do it figure out here on their own or
you can say it I don't care I'm not
doing it your cleaning lady that's what
you're going with
yeah hey proof I approve what I'm
playing oh you know what I should
probably video game video playing a
freaking video game I'm playing Rich's
irritated at windows for forcing an
update and a restart and not letting me
get at the damn laptop that's what I'm
pissed about can't read tips on it sorry
terrible Thank You Windows Thank You
Windows once again be doing this your
fine job at fucking everything up
thank you thank you
in other news Carrie Fisher is still bad
sorry that's an old joke well when
someone else yeah what it used to be on
Saturday live someone so is still that
what was the bed been going so long that
people who were born when it started are
cold
yeah alright there everything's good
everything's good right I'm gonna turn
that volume down a little bit more
can you read the chat from here I'm
gonna be playing the game why don't you
get over where you can read what they're
saying yeah kidding I've never seen this
game so I'm kind of looking forward to
seeing what zombies 12 waiting for
mature
what's it done what's it done 74 buttons
on the side do you not have no planet
coaster today the planet coaster
released an update the other day and had
all kinds of new Christmas stuff but it
was like the best Christmas present
planet coaster hey I guess it was like
two weeks ago
and a whole gingerbread thing set in
bumper cars
why isn't the control maybe it'll work
in game
this is dead rising before the new dead
rising that just came out that everyone
hates yay other Sam can you hear me now
they say they can barely hear me is this
better
hey divert blah blah blah blah blah now
like the brazen giant big fame with
country limbs astride from land to land
here at ours might even run with the
torches okay
the game just
I said the audio is pretty loud the
audio of me or the audience begin
they said that game is too loud and
Rich's quiet that's a force alright to
hear or one only needs to listen this is
true well I can't use the gamepad in the
menu Karen volume is good game is a
little loud but not terrible Rich's
question mark question mark question
mark what does that mean quiet or loud
I don't know that says it's so loud what
they're saying I hear me I'm not sure
they can hear you I have not actually
gotten around to playing Park attacked a
whole lot yet I'm actually to be honest
but kind of like I recently picked up a
little bit late to the party of Animal
Crossing new leaf and I've kind of been
geeking on that and awesome playing some
of them even go on you know nuts with
the Animal Crossing they said you are
officially quiet and that the game is a
bit loud am I am ia normal now am I am i
me game 15 rich ate Karen 11 well I just
changed things how was it now how the
fuck was our Christmas my Christmas was
okay nobody thought to give me anything
no nobody got me anything hi guys
yo forgot you a giant vat of cheese we
went down to visit my family for
Christmas and his family and what's all
right he drove over with his brother to
go see his uncle and his uncle made like
this he showed me a picture of it this
giant vat of like tater tots and she's
like I think it was about half a gallon
of cheese yeah I'm not even exaggerating
possibly a little how much help do I
have after eating all that she's
probably not bad
but and my dog tried to kill him good
love thought always does my parents have
a hundred and twenty pound poly mixes
loves people especially loves ranch and
almost knocked it down the stairs yep
final girl the second one such a hurry
to follow me while I was going I got
knocked down the stairs wherever you
going I don't know where you're going
but I want to go there they're gonna do
stuff it's more interesting than sitting
around here looking our calls used to be
they want to know if your fella waiting
the mic no am I too loud now what is
going on with us um I need feedback a
trich 20 karen 10
well now I'm too out of course they said
you're so loud it feels like you're
caressing their bones mike is very low
rich figure out volumes rich please stop
raping my ears oh you know you like it
alright how is this how was the game now
what was the last tally too loud you're
saying too loud but what's too loud we
need to be more specific because if
everything is too loud you can just turn
your computer volume dial what is
working right now
shit quality of what okay they're not
gonna say anything helpful wow I know
what they're saying Karen you because I
was saying about my dog looking where's
balls used to be or because the the
audio quality sucks just lower game
volume little low on rich better now
it's fine here I saw I think the the
consensus for the most part is that it's
acceptable on all counts also do you
really need to hear the sound on this
it's just crash crash crash why is this
so fucking gray why am i following
ghosts and I didn't turn the sound down
so much I don't even know what's going
on what's to know it looks like you're
running around hacking zombies with a
battle ax gains good Karen's good rich
good good
you hated lala land by the way is it
that about Los Angeles or something I
need a better title something to do with
LA we're gonna see that Disney Moana or
whatever you wanted to see yeah I mean
when we went to Christmas Day but
through the theater but it was like they
were only like two seats left and they
were in the front row and were like I
don't think so and she's like but they
recline so that helps
and we're like thank you anyway good
side effects the rest of the game yeah
we did the ghosts come from and in like
if you're a zombie do you have a ghost
or as your ghost still stuck inside
zombie you does is does the soul or the
spirit or whatever resides still inside
the zombie because they're not exactly
dead they're kind of undead gotta say no
okay
I've heard great things about mallanna
we just it wasn't the right time to see
it apparently now this is the game audio
is too low
yeah well it's gonna be AI he's crabby
today we unfortunately can't read tips
because the computer decided it needed
the Zeus of the laptop decided it needed
to do some kind of weird windows update
and Miss story
yeah and I some pointed to have a better
at some point Jack put a password on it
maybe and we don't know it and he's off
doing family stuff or something and it's
vote is currently not on vacation he's
on vacation yeah very out of town yeah
this is horrible so far I see fire a lot
of uh uh and and inexplicably ghosts and
then everything is gray scale it almost
looks like you're playing it on a
black-and-white TV
except to see a little bit of red and
some bright blood in the corner now
everything's blue scale kind of we did
text jack for the password but he's out
of town he's with his
Li's with his extended family doing
their stuff yes doing holiday stuff
I don't know where Jack is Jack is not
here Jack's with relatives I'm pretty
sure he hasn't left the country huh
Jack's password is creepy clown you know
it might be her bozo or I have no idea
this is Resident Evil 6 of Dead Rising
that means absolutely nothing to me
there's the Resident Evil 6 there's like
seven or eight now I think that the
password is dooma dooma dooma Doomba DUP
doom it up I love that video I love that
I love doing oh you're playing to him I
let you play that Jill meant that too
actually whoever did that it's brilliant
doulas fucking great
Dobby the music thing it doomed the game
is pretty good too I haven't played that
in a while though I don't personally put
put much stock in like Game of the Year
words but I'm not sure if I would give
it to doom or XCOM to I'm really I don't
mean doom original doom you mean I mean
the new doom I'm not sure which one
would be my game it this is frozen is
this shit frozen we are having technical
difficulties due to dilute can you hear
me now I don't think so oh wait what
somebody I just saw this dream move they
said yeah yeah they can hear me yeah the
game's not doing anything this fucking
Windows Store shit this put everything
the Windows 10 and we're gonna do you
know what we're gonna do a half-assed
job and expect people to love it your
window sucks when does this suck for Oh
twenty-five years or so Jesus Christ
Microsoft this is great this game is
great I love this loading screen it's so
generic while this loading screen is
great worth the price of admission some
dude in a jacket with a lot of pockets
it's not Frank West because his voice is
weird and completely different oh
alright working out we're gonna restart
the game if we can mini golf night is
there mini-golf in this game can you
like honeycomb zombie heads and uh well
no we all falls into zombie I excited no
we can't we can only look at this
loading screen that is all we can do oh
when does not let me get the task
manager alright oh this is lovely this
is lovely
yes windows protecting you from yourself
at least that's the theory
right it's only a loading screen of it's
actually loading yeah it's a freezing
screen
thank you you're out of pecan pie that
is bad news
God pays really good yes I did warn
everybody about technical difficulties
because I knew that this is what we has
10 stored games and I know how wonderful
all of their half-assed Xbox one ports
have been technically speaking that's
because they spend their entire budget
on DRM instead of actually making
anything else work are we back in
nightmare oh dear
okay now skip this skip this and get to
the
oh my god I'm loaded 2021 I almost have
a why is Virginia that country road how
is everyone doing skip the cutscene this
cutscene is probably the best part so
far all I've seen other than the
cutscene is somebody mowing through an
endless pile of zombies thank you flame
2016 I thought we were all supposed to
die 4 years ago when the Mayan calendar
blew up we're talking about Carrie
Fisher no I'm Carrie Fisher's mother and
her pet she has a pet and her daughter
is it a wookie whole family's just gonna
start dying what's the grand finale for
2016 well let's see Leonard Cohen's
already dead and engorge Michael and and
Prince and here's my prediction here's
my prediction I have a prediction
herself herself of the year of death has
to end because it's gotta escalate
right sure it's gonna be Trump he's
gonna be assassinated on New Year's Eve
oh he's gonna be at her so I'm got a New
Year's Eve party
they don't jinx me and he's gonna get
assassin but that's gonna be the grand
wish that I'm not rooting for that I'm
just saying how do you how do you how do
you end the this amazing 2016 with a
bang what's what's the grand finale I
mean I know there was a president who
became who caught like pneumonia or
something at his inauguration and died
not too long after but I don't know if
there been any president-elect who
haven't survived to take office that
would be a first
oh yeah Florence Henderson yeah yeah
that's not the grand finale
what did she go I recently ish
and the FBI is let's look at this chat
yeah we hate it
baby Hillary will commit suicide and
that's how 2069 she'll commit suicide
under you know Clint Eastwood yeah he's
up there the love makjang and and Keith
Richards are gonna live forever bill is
due for a heart attack he hasn't had
good help for a while
Bill Clinton yeah that's true well he
had heart disease when he was in office
right it's rich even his real name
though is that your real name what's
your real name
he's not gonna tell me Agnew I'm cheese
are they still talking yeah who the Jame
oh yeah I'm talking little miss uncanny
valley with the freckles is is that a
guy is a girl right
I think it's got boobs Bill Clinton's
been in great health senses bypass okay
I hope he lives to be a hundred look I'm
just trying to figure out how hunt 2016
ends you you had a comment that I I
thought was amusing on Facebook or where
was that which one all the celebrities
have died in 2016 and you said oh my son
wasn't very nice I don't care you're a
dude somebody else said out of the
channel ready dear 2016 you forgot Paul
McCartney I see I have this theory that
the Beatles have been dying in reverse
order of talents although you know you
could argue whether or not you know
Harrison might have been better than
Lennon but so you really don't like Paul
McCartney he's kind of obnoxious and
he's got that new song and then just
what I want what I have against him in
recent years is that at my last job in
Illinois they were playing this really
really bad hit song by him he's like
talking about freedom talking about
freedom it's just this horrible bad bad
calculated anthem and you know because
it was on the music so I got to listen
to it like five times a day the real
Paul is already dead I thought Paul was
a walrus anyway there's no run in this
game unless it's unless this game tells
me when I have to run which is kind of
annoying yeah bingo will live forever
like but he's kind of harmless you know
he just says this little no no no no I
doubt it no more song X doesn't walk
when y doesn't run B doesn't run why
does he walk like he's got a diaper on
anyway he's getting old age jumps a
doesn't run X punches X doesn't run
that's the camera
Hasselhoff yeah that's duck mode which
duck I don't know why I'd want to use
duck mode but you only want to use that
a Dead Rising cake and wings the freedom
song isn't palsy yeah I think it is I
will fight for their right to live in
freedom I have no option to run that's
annoying this is the this is the section
where you walk and you you're not
allowed to run they can fuck themselves
mandatory stealth-action rich I think
this did a good job with the fabric of
his clothing
speeds somersault so he's just kind of
strolling around making random fists had
nobody not impressed so far I'll fight
for the right to party is definitely a
better song they said to try a barrel
roll Paul McCartney wrote a pretty
pretty bad Christmas song yeah but then
that you know honestly that Merry
Christmas war is over thing is kind of
overrated too so both London and
McCartney wrote bad Christmas songs none
comes to mind but maybe I don't know but
it wasn't the Beatles I'm sure thank you
yeah simply having a wonderful
christmastime was part of the the music
at my old job basically they went with
all secular Christmas songs and since
there aren't that many of them each one
had like five versions like five
versions of Santa Baby you know help me
down the chimney tonight and five
versions of jingle bell rock and of
course the worst all instrumental
version of the twelve days of Christmas
it's the same thing over and over again
but each time it gets a little bit
longer doo doo doo doo doo Mouse to take
accurate pictures which is weird I'm not
impressed with this game so far simply
hating horrible Christmas rhyme yeah
that works
oh the Beatles did christmas time is
here again yeah all I want for Christmas
is you is pretty bad what that's what
that's the problem with that song it's
not just all I want for Christmas to you
it's like baby oh there's little
interludes right whatever
you don't like Santa baby either not
really I don't like the saccharine
squeaky little come on Santa baby
I love me down the chimney tonight no
shit
now if I want to listen to some
Christmas music I'll listen to you tis
the season for lost straitjackets surf
punk instrumental Christmas music its
quality shit I've mentioned them before
that is my favorite Christmas music I
mean I do like some of the old classics
like do you hear what I hear and the
little drummer boy by whoever does the
classic versions but that instrumental
surf punk Christmas because oh and lo
the credit their christmas album is
beautiful they have a Christmas EP the
band lo
or if I just turn the mouse off
it's a weird then know that I can't do
anything in the menu once again windows
has done a shitty job on a console port
terrible look at me terrible if you're
looking for a song to cheer you out of a
Christmas depression how about what's
the name of that song shoot Christmas
Eve can can really kill you I believe it
is the song about somebody trying to
hitchhike on Christmas Eve and no one
will stop say Everly Brothers
michael bolton he's still alive 2016 i
like grandma got run over by a reindeer
but I'm under the impression that it was
deeply and utterly overplayed when it
first hit the scene and that everyone
who is old enough to remember that is
forever sick of it there's also a
grandpa got assaulted by a mobster
version which is kind of cute
that is a really big wrench we're really
comically large wrench joint on switch
between weapons on this one how do i how
do i use those health items they did a
good job on his hair
how how or what make up your mind
icons I'm whether or not I'm using a
controller or not yeah this this game
has the color scheme of a condemned
basement wonderful part there's a
wonderful port it's like the colors
color they painted the halls in my high
school look like a submarine remember
that when they painted all the halls
great we're in our high school no yeah
they painted like the the hallways like
this I must have got a deal on cheap
pain or something and they painted him
like this medium grade video like a
submarine
yeah when after that thing would have to
be for comically large bolts doesn't he
doesn't his arm get tired doesn't get
tendinitis that's a video game oh good
it's getting eaten
nope not eating enough aren't all high
school is a little bit creepy
so this supposed to be a hospital or
prison a military base or something
not having paid attention to any the
cutscene I'm going to assume to turn the
tone for the first game and some kind of
zombie experimental military base
quarantine zone experiment town which
always works terribly that's that's
gonna be my guess but I don't really
know I mean you know that your corpses
are going to reanimate note that the
disease is fatal why would it be that
hard to eliminate it oh you usually want
to turn into a weapon or something
stupid
a landscape of the school actually my
our high school after we graduated they
I don't know who painted it but they
painted this like awesome like tiger
thing coming out of the wall on the
outside of the building it looks really
nice look what's going on with the icons
look at that yeah you're right it
probably would cost tennis elbow with
the wrench well rich returned to his
high school to give an inspirational
speech happy be so awesome
our fans our high school high yeah I
think you're bigger most your fans that
are like 20s 30s 40s more than high
school but I don't know anybody here
still in high school
what is rich Evans darkest secret what
is my darkest secret you know I don't
know I'm thinking he doesn't really have
a lot of Secrets pretty out there
yeah open I mean he tells me already
tells people that he accidentally almost
set his house on fire and he insulted an
old lady asking how old she was and oh
no I'm not that was great it truly was
where's my camera not working Oh God
this is a shit port they did not give
these controls right at all like why is
that why is it jumping why is it jumping
oh they say that is that yours laughs is
fake now always laughs isn't fake it
bubbles up from somewhere well the
secret is that rich has a bald spot
that's secret still in high school I I
have this I have everyone thing to say
after high school get a job where you
don't have to ask permission ever again
in your life to go pee
thank you anyway tie school isn't half
as bad as jr. I at least for me they
want you to play rocket to play rocket
like I think they mean League
it's his rocket leg it'd be awesome if
you had like one leg than in a rocket in
it
the keyboard and mouse seems the button
on the keyboard and mouse are being
press while used to controller
previously courted lives since the tips
aren't working just wanted to say hi to
rich and Karen and also rich love the
best the worst Christmas episode sorry
for your pain though future Christmas
ideas Santa or suspense Rudolph a
rampage tinsel or terror thanks for all
the entertainment I just want to do
Christmas or Canada
physically she's symptom-free now that's
a big improvement
otherwise no change any high school
might be the best part of life for some
people I don't think it is for the
majority of people to work yeah yeah
what should our power couple power
couple name be so we already had one
Richard have you seen the Trailer Park
Boys rich they're asking no I don't even
know what that is Mario I
I enjoyed high school for the most part
carriage that works too look I'm I'm a
PC gamer at heart but dead rising is
totally a game that that's a controller
game it wants to be a controller game
and the controller controls yours are
just firing to go absolutely fucked
Mouse as always you can look around
smoothly
but I mean the graphics are dismal if I
want to look at gray skies I can just go
outside this is Milwaukee in December
it's like glitchy just lookin around
lookin gradual a tion your masters and
math lookin around the right stick it's
just glitchy look at this yeah it's like
it top ones are reduced into position
that is so wrong yeah yeah it's it's
it's struggling between two inputs and I
really don't know why there's nothing in
the menu all right for some reason hang
why brought me to the menu windows
there's no option to shut one of the
other off
options controller it just tells me what
the controls are once you play some
dance
you're not again we had a vote and this
one the vote okay they want to know
didn't they find a cure for zombie-ism
in the third and installment did they
know what does this take place relative
to that though now that's true is it it
in terms of the timeline is it before or
after
tell rich we're all fine with ditching
the vote I know I'm fine hey rich just
wanted to personally thank you and the
guys for signing my rlm poster it was a
Christmas gift for a friend and we both
had a shitty year so put a huge smile on
our faces
please read so I feel like someone that
matters whether second I think I did I
wasn't supposed to read this you were
they said thanks for reciting their
poster and put a smile on their faces
because they had a crappy year and
please read so they feel like someone
that matters but I read it and I'm not
sure that I matter so I want to know if
they could strawpoll for something else
I would be fine with that
I'm sure this games trying to be gritty
realistic and manly the problem and the
problem so far is this is a shitty port
like I remember you playing the first
game great and you know there was just
you're sitting there and you're like
chugging orange juice and you're going
and you're putting on silly costumes and
you're running up and down the stairs
beating on zombies and jumping in the
fountain yeah and this is all just like
I'm assuming we get to this one area
sooner or later because that's the
series I assume Karen lives matter I
think they're all pretty much saying
that they're sorry are you sorry that
you voted like you did another cutscene
oh boy
I mean they did a good job of gritty and
industrial looking the thing is
everybody else has been doing that for
10 years she's not impressed they want
to know how many interred in generations
of Christmas and blankie to go through
and he got to Christmas and crocodiles
well hurry what how many iterations of
Christmas and blank did you go through -
you got to Christmas and crocodile lion
brain and lingonberries well problems we
couldn't really find anything that the
cat she named who head we were trying
for a while like I don't know less than
an hour but I don't remember how many
things he went through we went through a
bunch I was tape on the Shelf just said
crack it out like oh I thought it was a
reference to little crocodile starts
with I see no it wasn't it really wasn't
it was I saw a horror movie and had a
crocodile it had called crocodile do you
want to know how many inches riches he's
about 5 5 11 yeah that's my answer
yeah
frog fractions what's that
alright Dead Rising 4 where is the giant
fun mall full of zombies I know like
he's not drinking orange juice he's not
playing with a bunch of silly weapons
he's not like he had like what was it he
had something that you were using and
like you put the zombie out in you're
using zombies to like beat other zombies
oh he had like some kind of drill or
something technically I just drank
orange juice but it was literally like a
half-second animation it wasn't the chug
the chug chug chug yeah you see walking
around with a thing or juice in your arm
chug chug chug and when I can't run
again and there's no silly costume why
can't I run no silly costume no silly
weapons no silly scenery game is just
way too serious
Oh
hey Dead Rising for Oh God
how did you go so wrong Mike super-tall
was Mike six-foot maybe that's super
tall
I think he's slightly taller than you
but not too much
we'll say six-foot they're both pretty
average maybe on the tall end of average
but you know more shit I gotta take
pictures not remarkable look at this
camera zoom on the controller that's
fucked up
look at that look at that it's like
Microsoft like the richest company ever
practically they can't get this shit
even remotely right well sure but they
can come up with ways to make sure that
your Xbox knows how many people are in
your living room so you're not showing
it to seven people when you're only
licensed for six they can work on that
technology but they can't make the
freaking camera pan right the hell okay
flip masters to stop I have epilepsy
I think this games gonna give me a Pepsi
program by tweakers quite possibly I
turn my mouse wheel I turn the whole
mouse off Mouse is getting no power
okay maybe yeah I didn't get the point
maybe we should blame Capcom and not
Microsoft
well blame Microsoft for the inability
to load the game properly will blame
Capcom for the twitchy glitchy camera
bullshit somebody dropped the ball how
much did the stupid game cost retail no
too much
just not impressed
what is rich do to unwind before bed
takes a nice long bath and surfs the
internet and the tub puts on the he has
a this this like white noise thing he
puts on on his on his tablet
sometimes we listen to audiobooks and
we're falling asleep yeah so make some
french fries no we have it does that our
kitchen on fire yet this is still the
intro don't let him make toast in the
time and don't let him use the curling
iron in the tub Frank West voice from
the first game yeah boy I'm sure glad we
have captain serious man instead I
remembered that the game had a sense of
humor
captain serious man he's the main
character now I remember I'm not a huge
3d gamer I'm not not a huge gamer I'm
kind of a half-assed casual gamer I'll
admit it I writ riches is the bigger
gamer among us by far but that's what
the old game was one that I enjoyed
watching enjoyed watching you play the
old one at this point what I've done by
now in the original Dead Rising I'd
probably have been slaughtering a load
of zombies and the the lobby so I could
take some pictures of all the carnage
you're always like hey rain rain look at
this look at this and you'd show me
stuff and you'd be dressed you know just
as a sailor killing zombies with a drill
killing beating zombies with other
zombies and oh yeah I would totally be
like shoving a bucket on his own hey you
were like giggling like a little kid and
and and doing silly things to zombies
and it was fun and it was fun to watch
here's a grenade that's a fun wet that's
took the words out of my mouth huh ever
grenade that's a fun weapon this he's
got a sledgehammer okay and there's
eight million zombies who oddly enough
have like blood in the same place on
each one of their shirts how's that
happen oh I can't use the the inventory
selection cuz that's glitched it's
you're not sitting on the keyboard or
something weird like we had with our
computer at home are you know we're
sitting here right next to me okay we
like we we were wondering why we
couldn't get the city battery out of the
keyboard and see if we couldn't get the
little bar at the bottom of the screen
to disappear on Netflix and then I
realized that that I'd put his mail on
top of his keyboard and it was weighing
down the button that arrow key no it's
just glitchy as fuck and this is like a
this isn't a pre-release thing right
this is yeah that's kind of ridiculous
well we don't we don't usually sit sit
on the keyboard but we've done I'm going
to have an arm on it wonder why I'm
stuck here wonder why it's not working
right I'm stuck here because why the
barrios will assist I open it and I
can't this game sucks
they said to unplug the controller and
replug it again is that hot swappable
where's the shot this game blows
what's three light because you were
talking about two versus four it's three
any good I should know I thought all of
the charm of Dead Rising was that it
that you could do silly stuff it was
kind of like like Grand Theft Auto
version of the zombie game you could do
just a lot of silly free-spirited stuff
yeah I did the tutorial where I help -
what do you one they're saying it seems
like controller problem not a game
problem that's a new controller though
isn't it like relatively it looks like
it's in decent shape yeah I don't think
there's anything wrong with the
controller no I was just using it before
the stream I was playing a crypt of the
necrodancer and whatnot and he already
bugged into controller and not replugged
unplugged yep we did that already I
think I think it's just a shitty port
it's a happy rich here thank you happy
happy you Europe at this point there's
no chance of winning you over FTL time
FTL FTW
is anyone enjoying seeing this game I
just want to get to them I know they
showed them freaking ball in the no con
he three I just want to see if I can get
out of his dull fucking Basin into
somewhere fun there's gonna be like no
one to rescue in this you know I'm sure
that component of the game is gone
somebody said just shoot the glass it
wasn't popular shoot the glass die-hard
reference oh I could be wrong did you
perform the ritual sacrifice they say it
should be in the manual I think if you
sacrifice the right animal and say the
right intent they'd incantations your
glitches will go away I'm supposed to
kill the zombies forever God really
fucked up with me yeah
do the same thing over and over and over
and over and over and eat him eat him
eat him
see I'm rooting for your death you're
rooting for my death huh
every character to die yeah why I hope
you get into something fun I mean I hope
there's some I hope there's more to this
game than this because this looks like
like it's Dulles shit to play yeah huh
they kill all your stupid zombies I mean
if you want to do the same thing over
and over again play Tetris Tetris is
actually more fun they want to know if
Naughty Dog made this game
I said who made the person that's not
that story focused it's just remember
when Dead Rising had a clown with the
chainsaw I do I do
did they take did they take the
psychopath out of this game because they
said that they did telly somebody said
that they did and they they are they may
experience alone are the psychopaths
taken out of this game for sure
I think this is the geekish water looks
like another cold lock
who is the audience for this game not
dead rising fans somebody who doesn't
mind doing the same thing over and over
and over again and has a lot of anger
issues tweakers possibly I don't know
they said there are no psychopaths they
removed them why why it's like they
tried to maybe they just wanted it to be
all serious like oh the other ones were
too silly this is the grown-up version
it sucks it's gonna be all serious it's
just like never seen major league the
movie yeah with the baseball where they
deliberately try to take the team so
they can move it are they deliberately
trying to tank the Dead Rising franchise
is this like is are the people who made
this because camp come Capcom I think
they farmed this out to someone else are
they trying to screw it up so bad that
they can get the rights from Capcom
cheap and then they could make their own
good rising game is that what this is
I'm gonna try to divide the franchise so
much they can get it for cheap that's my
work that's my working theory I know but
so many big name video game titles have
been so very disappointing this year
doing the next come - no matter what
it's been a good year all that one but
that that tooth cleaning game the the no
no man sky or whatever the game that
looks like somebody cleaning tartar off
teeth the cash a cash grab for Schmucks
who buy you none recognition but they're
not gonna bite twice are they so it
means they're fucked for the next one
can you spit in this game can you spit
on this game yes they want awesome visit
visuals motorcycle rider chomping a
cigar while I'm with a machine gun
while machine gun mowing hordes of cloud
zombies say something comic book
cutscene that's something different
anyway it's so out of place here
yes so completely out of place it's dead
rising to the Empire Strikes Back of the
franchise no Dead Rising 1 is that's the
best one I know to head the goofy
weapons but I also had Lamy McDole
protagonist and it was a little bit too
easy
what is perfect
next is the musical scene I could go for
that
hey hey you we're all killing zombies
link arms and dance across the stage hey
why is this animated why is this a lot
of place and how did the will admit
Morgan zombies again or they just talked
about what happened the first time I
don't know you want zombies this is all
you could say it's fine it's fine
rich is full of shit what am i full of
shit about I'm not saying it's bad comic
book art cutscene I'm not saying they
shouldn't do it it's just so with with
Dead Rising it's so out of place they
just never would in there anything like
yeah like no apparent reason like why
did they do choose to do that particular
section as a comic book cuts they didn't
feel like making the models for those
particular areas I guess and game I
don't know it's not the worst thing
that's ever happened it's just so weird
in in the context of this series well I
didn't play three but as far as I know
they've never done anything like that
before whatever I can't say that they
said it looks like it sucks it looks
like a mess they want to know why he's
still thin puppy hasn't made much with
the zombie apocalypse terrible
doesn't even resemble the old voice
actor Wow what did you see their biggest
disappointment of 2016 expected stream
was started in 56 minutes and 21 seconds
ago okay does he suck why is this game
so bad all the voice actor was excited
to come back - why didn't they go with
the old voice actor am i right about it
being a Canadian tax break thing where
they needed to hire a Canadian actor no
I'm I'm not kidding why what do you get
if you I've heard that's why then I have
heard that's why they recast Garrett and
thief that you you get some kind of like
funding to make your product if you're
everyone involved in making it as
Canadian okay I don't know if that's
true and from whom from the Government
of Canada the company that made lateral
I don't know who made this one for sure
but I think the last two were made by a
Canadian team to give it a chance
I'm not reviewing this I'm playing this
casually and streams are always a bad
way to experience games and and and by
the way as far as giving it a chance
they did a shit job with the controller
controls that's that's not a giving it a
chance issue that's a we can all see the
glitchyness on the screen
and I'm under no obligation to be fair
to it I'm not reviewing it I'm just
looking at it and thinking gee I
remember I've much much more enjoyed
watching the first one thank you we
talked about doing the first four hours
of this but time wise doesn't work out
enough time before Jack left he comes
back sometime in January all right can I
skip this the day on a plane don't know
don't care I would not say that rich
lives in very few video games that's not
true at all because it has a percentage
of all video games maybe I don't like a
lot of the ones that are super popular
my tastes have never been that
mainstream good games true like nobody
talks about Maxim oh I fucking love max
probably literally hundreds of games
that you like yeah but I don't like
Final Fantasy that means they don't like
anything I mean in your I know you're
crazy about harvest moon and star new
Valley you I know you were really big on
the first game in this series second
one's not bad I like it first one more
but the second one's not bad XCOM an FTL
you're always playing X down hmm he's
literally always playing XCOM I've been
trying to do a playthrough a worried
don't lose anybody on classic difficulty
I can't do it I can't do it out here and
I can't get past ball three oh god I've
been I've been trying for the last what
month and a half to do it I'm f---ing
like that and I've gotten past month
three twice and once I I just made a
really dumb mistake and it was on a
supply UFO that doesn't mean much to you
know play XCOM if you do those missions
are always there always a bitch and I
just let my guard down what I shouldn't
got caught with my pants down and
another time I think I just I just lost
someone during the base defense there's
shitty luck yeah I'll just be you knows
the only two times the last month and a
half I have made it past month three
without losing a life and I've only
gotten past month three twice I'll hear
I'll hear him in the middle of the night
going oh dammit and I'm like what's the
matter
I lost the soldier oh you're playing
that game again got it
I'm glad it's not something serious this
is all the open world is all follow the
person to the objective it's not the
open world you get him in the head with
that thing like I can do this no I can
save that person and there's time limits
and everything can you whack him in the
head no no that's not cool oh please
what you take out some of your
frustration let me do something fun I
could do that the old game I used to
love hitting Aaron because it was such a
jerk
he's like going right through him he's
like a fucking ghost Oh
know what make this game worthwhile if
it was set in link them all how weird
that went viral I know don't get what
about um there's a mom Neary we're rich
grew up called Lincoln mall used to be
it used to be
it closed two years ago I think one year
ago it closed not that long ago and a
couple months ago people release
pictures of it on the internet was like
a video of somebody wraps it around
it's full of dead trees and stride
displays and just weird seeing that yeah
that was the mall of my childhood this
that's what which Evans met Santa Claus
yeah every year we would sit on his lap
yeah tell me what you want where do you
want for Christmas little boy now we're
old if he wants them for Christmas we
got to buy it ourselves
Santa don't get shit why does this mall
look like the Temple of Doom
this is a mall right or are you into
something think so but I'm not sure why
is it darker than all the zombies look
good
what's weird about the zombies they're
freakishly shiny shiny from blood yeah
pants beard they shed just look like
corpses but don't just like a corpse
they look like blow courses why are they
blow corpses
why is everything black and white again
yeah given that trees great
is this like like viagra is supposed to
make people see blue there's like zombie
virus to make people not have color
vision
what are horribly inefficient use of
space this areas this is a ball okay
what is this for
you know they would want as much retail
retail space as possible so they're
making money off of the rents whatnot so
they can say look we put textures on
these rocks aren't you impressed
there's textures oh boy certainly get
textures or colors cuz no oh there's the
color again yeah that's when you're low
on health oh okay so when you're low on
hope they punish you by making the
screen look ugly oh okay I mean color is
like one of the few pleasures this game
has when it even has them being almost
dead makes that happen okay oh you must
be almost dead again malls are dying
yeah I don't think this is what they
meant just think it's a mini golf course
that would be pretty fancy mini golf
course
they want to know if it just came out if
it sold poorly huh it's been out a while
too long
couple weeks said it's your worst dream
ever really oh really
no they're far worst ever
I got tell someone your dirty little
secrets now he doesn't have any
now you you know what Rich's physical
dimensions are and you know that I'm not
terribly skinny just just imagine us a
crate for Christmas at Christmastime for
three nights sleeping on a twin bed
secret sleeping so I'm coming I know
wasn't room for it to be dirty excuse me
could you move over just a little bit so
I can perch on the other hip wait wait I
don't even escort that guy anywhere he
just runs away
you gained a spilt a skill point fucked
up so bad they fucked up so bad so bad
it's a game it's supposed to be fun it's
not I won out me I'll go to work cuz at
least a game I've played a lot of games
lately they're just story interactive
story this story we some hidden things
but it's like nowhere near as good as
the other one this is the problem it
doesn't seem like it has any fun
compared to fire watch there's fun
there's no reason I wouldn't rather just
play Dead Rising 1 or 2 and that would
came out what about 10 years ago yeah
something like that at this point we
don't got no stinking futon
oh and there's no time limit I have to
worry about fucking around
no that's nice why are there who builds
past like this animals can't be a mall
that looks like the paths that I build
in my roller coaster tycoon thing
they're crazy so raising off the records
base it's dead rising to the special
edition is what it is
Oh orange juice there's some big stuff
can you eat the fish
can you beat people up with a fish
there's the kinds of fast zombies so I
don't have time to mess around and have
fun I've got to keep them off my back
which is kind of annoying
I miss the slow slow zombies swordfish
yeah there we go that's more like it
this is getting better stab people with
a swordfish it's a lot of blood there's
somebody without a functioning circulate
circulatory system these guys sure do
know how to support it out again there's
somebody without a functioning
circulatory system these zombies sure
know how to squirt out the blood squirt
it out yeah that's what you said didn't
make of that whatever you like I like to
make things of it okay
this is like a little bit more
interesting than when you were in a
little glass prison hitting people with
a sledge yeah I don't understand what
the hell this area is this a good man a
go-kart path what is this the gratuitous
money spending mall no mall would waste
space like this
I am literally 1306 quark now
yeah I don't want to somebody says
there's a go-kart area up soon well that
might be interesting
I like the poinsettias very Christmasy
it's still one out of a weird mall
doesn't he ever like just slip and fall
on all that blood
yeah should what slippery and when it's
not being slippery it's tacky
I'm trying to make sense of this layout
and I can't do it it sound like a broken
plane crashed into it or something then
we skip the cutscene that's probably
what happened Mario Cart beats Resident
Evil might be worth more than a dollar
so that's a bar you should be having
better luck getting people with
swordfish somebody says to get pasta its
pasta a weapon Molotov can you blow
people up with that how about a Mario
Kart where you run over zombies but your
car you know cuz these are swarming
somewhat fast zombies then I'd like the
slow ones where I can take my time and
have fun with them as much how about a
Mario Kart where you runnin trying to
run zombies over with your cart
oh yeah it is multi of cocktail heaven
gotten to come on many streams lately
cuz of work but I'm happy to see 2016 go
out on a rich and careened stream sorry
the game sucked Happy New Year happy New
Year to you too die Stefano 87 or Dior
de Stefano Mario Cart you run over
zombies that's Carmageddon you have a
point I'm too sober for this dream me
too yeah it's all red brown colored to
everyone with the possible exception of
people who are colorblind who might be
getting a better experience in this game
Thank You Miami Vice font
it's a rebuilt mall that is nothing like
the original good metaphor for the game
itself nice rich the yellow arrow oh I
don't care did force awakens' kill
Carrie Fisher no see what the
relationship may have killed their plans
from Princess Leia and the other movies
though no no they'll just CGI her oh
yeah you didn't see one you told me
about it but you're never talking about
this and we're like you know there are a
lot of Star Wars nerds in this world why
couldn't they just find one who is cast
one who physically resembled that guy
instead of CGI him they did it with
Carrie Fisher too they did young
Princess Leia as a mannequin I'm sure
they could have found found somebody in
all of you know put out a casting call
and all Star Wars Star Wars fandom
there's got to be somebody out there who
with some makeup can you know be a
halfway passable you know look-alike I
didn't see rogue one yet is rich if it
was worst thing and he's like yeah well
you know and he kind of told me what
happened and I was like oh wait till it
comes to video I'll see it I'm just
being cheap I'll see it when it's when I
could just rent it or something
yeah where's there a case file I can
work
oh there's now there's just the one
linear story Oh CGI is just not quite
there yet I'm just not quite as
freaky-looking as it was when they did
Polar Express grand moff tarkin is you
think he's I think he's as freaky as The
Polar Express people yes right that's my
point that it's still uncanny yeah that
they haven't yet managed to fully
emulate the expressiveness and all of
the wrinkles and all the planes that a
human face moves in
grand moff tarkin is one of the worst
CGI effects I've seen a special-effects
movie in years he looks awful and I mean
I think it'll get there eventually
and he's prominent he looks awful and
he's prominent but for right now I think
they'd be better off just hiring a human
being physically resemble them it's
gotta be somebody a smart thing to do 
mean yeah that human being wouldn't look
exactly like him but neither does the
CGI it wouldn't be distracting Tarkin
gained a lot of wrinkles in the two
weeks between Road 1 and a new hope did
cocaine kill Carrie Fisher that's very
difficult to say no I do I don't think
there's any kind of toxicology thing
they're saying she died of a cardiac
arrest whether she I mean generally
people have our disease for a variety
you know it's it's it's a number of
factors coming together and trying to
trying to say how big a role one factor
or another I mean assuming assuming that
she didn't have a cardiac arrest arrest
5 minutes after she started something
and I don't think anyone saying that she
did have that you know I mean did did
drug use play a role in the development
of her cardiovascular disease possibly
some percentage in genetics diet
distress 60 okay
she's younger than I thought she was and
I you know what I blame I blame her
lifestyle for that it's hard to say it's
probably I mean none of these things
have one cause looking at her in in the
force awakens I would have thought she
was near 70 well maybe she liked to hit
this light that bad but maybe she liked
to hit the tanning booth who knows the
way the way she the way she was talking
is she had that she had old
woman voice so she sounded to me maybe
she had an underlying medical condition
I got mass or something like did too
much drugs I'm not saying it's not a
factor I'm just saying that that that
may or may not have been a big
percentage of the problem for her it's
entirely possible that she coked it up
through the 70s and 80s and yet died
mostly of things completely unrelated to
that who knows it happens
Keith Richards anomalies still alive but
in recent years you started to look
better for a while he looked like some
kind of freaky troll and now he just
looks like some kind of superannuated
raisin yeah smoking is not good for your
cardiovascular 'it's is never good for
anyone's cardiovascular system
all right George Michael I think that
when this thing that he died of cardiac
arrest like he had a heart attack or
something yeah they had a cause of death
I think Keith Richards is pickled he's
like he's marinated in whatever whatever
combination of soluble chemicals I just
want to know what the grand finale is
gonna be yeah the combination has an
effect like formaldehyde I want to know
the grand finale New Year's Eve who's
gonna die it's gotta be huge I'll tell
you he was a little young but a heart
attack in your sleep if you got a go you
could do worse I want to I want to go
what I'm like you know 99 or something
of a heart attack in my sleep no no that
lingering shit you got a little car is
it a pedal car it's probably electric
but even much cuter if you could see his
legs going
Oh Betty why yes I can't no she needs to
live 400 yeah she needs to live forever
Betty White on New Year's Eve
oh no that's a reasonable call I love I
love that one comment she says but she
says like something I can't don't member
the exact quote but that my favorite
thing that she said was the one about
where she's talking about it people say
that you should grow a pair of balls and
she goes but balls are delicate and
sensitive you should grow a vagina those
things really take a pounding she's
great on Windows 10 you cannot drive the
go-kart with the controller well it's
true heart attack could be a painful
death but cardiac arrest and then of
itself might not be I started just
stopping I had to switch to the keyboard
so else to steer the go curve I am NOT
doing this with the controller it won't
let me here no no wait
I can steer with the controller but I
can't they should switch back and forth
from the keyboard
it's just poorly designed it's just the
they did the the controller support is
terrible on this
that's why it's got roads like this so
that you could drive your little go-kart
around which is weird dead rising is a
game I don't mind using the controller
for I mean I'm not I'm not set up right
now to do keyboard and mouse I don't
mind using keyboard mouse Kirk Douglas
yeah he's on borrowed time it's where I
was terribly I've got another one dead
for years I've got another one and I
don't want to see him go either he's
lost his mind Kirk does Jimmy Carter
yeah he's way up there he's been
suffering with cancer wouldn't shock me
if he went this year may just be the
control we use this is our Xbox
controller that we use for everything
we've ever done in the stream we've
never had a problem with it it's it's a
it's a regulation Xbox one controller
and they keep their stream room pretty
clean the things don't get abused I mean
it's in pristine condition there's no
reason to think that that controller has
suffered any kind of an assault only
good salt only gets used when we stream
yeah huh Bill Clinton dies in bed not
his own someone elseís any why it's
pretty safe
setting White's a low pay out in the
dead how about Billy Graham he's way up
there to know he's a prick you live
forever
yeah this collar does get more washed
out as you take damage I don't know if
there's degrees or if there's like
washed out not washed out but it's
definitely a damaged thing your penalty
is the game gets really ugly yeah I
wanted Leonard Cohen note to live
forever because he was still making
stuff that mattered
Harrison Ford yeah Betty White you who
died of dysentery
that's some serious dysentery it's blood
all over everything
I still say if you just Philly Corrigan
Smashbox pumpkin just with the year of
many tragedies that for the the bad year
Donald Trump would be going out with a
bang
the Pope losing president now like him
he's popular sure what are we doing I'm
done with this game for now something
funny thing if I want to play Dead
Rising I'm gonna go play one or two
possibly three have never played four
they want somebody says play FTL please
Patrick Stewart no he needs to live
forever
Stanley he's up there Stanley is very
much out there Stanley's another safe
bet yeah you old dude
Stanley's he's on the slate for 2017 I
am calling it Stanley is not going to
make it out of 2017 a wife George Lucas
I don't think he's sick or anything you
live for a while he's not that old is he
17
oh sure you know he's up there with Joey
up there with Harrison yeah but they're
like 70 they could live another 20 years
oh yeah nobody dies when they're 70 sure
Stanly 294 today or mall rat called
turban 94 today that would be Stanley
good
did we have any 94 year-olds listening
that would be kind of cool
Queen Elizabeth yeah she's she's no
child every another one to go out with a
bang for 2016 yes yes she'll be hanging
out yes she'll be hanging out with Trump
it'll be like a diplomatic meeting on
New Year's Eve
and there'll be a whole bunch of famous
people there for the party and-and-and
the terrorists will fly a plane into the
building right in the Trump Tower on New
Year's Eve 2016 no Prince
it'll be a big Trump thing and the Queen
will be there and she'll die and Trump
will be annoyed that she's getting all
the attention because she died will
loose will lose Trump will lose Obama
will lose Queen Elizabeth well those
whoever's in charge of France right now
they'll be there it'll just be a fucking
bloodbath is that the NSA at the door
Arnold Arnold Schwarzenegger will be
there everybody who's gonna be in
Trump's cabinet will be there Betty
White will be there for some reason
dude Stanley and Billy Graham dick to
give a speech to open up the Paul
McCartney Jimmy the whole burden Trump
Tower on New Year's Eve and a terrorist
is gonna fly a plane into the building
that's all the urines animus crime says
Milwaukee FBI is being mobilized right
now walk he has enough yet
I'm just I'm just making predictions
Clint Eastwood Clint Eastwood has good
genes his mother loved to be like a
hundred and something right he's crazy
90 I remember her he's no kid I remember
years and years ago he won her an Oscar
for something and he said he'd like to
thank his mother for her jeans yeah she
was Stiller Jamie Farr oh um
Chuck Berry how old is he now he's way
out there well play game I'm gonna
motivate myself after this no I can't
see anybody well I know I gotta find a
way to stop the game from happening why
no FaceCam cuz we were too lazy to set
one up I think yeah that's got a lot to
do with it
we look exactly like we did last time he
saw us I took a shower before I came
here so my hair was wet but it's
probably dry now so they look like me Oh
what oh my god yeah FBI Milwaukee FBI
deals mainly with illegal cow tipping
we got FTL or I can continue with that
previous XCOM run and we'll just we'll
play that one through to the end
eventually the one when everybody's
named after somebody in the chat is that
a penis or a chili pepper so what do we
think FTL or XCOM convinced me chap one
way or the other
