Episode 695
Waiting for the End (Part 1)
January 18, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqd7AHGDvKI
___________________________________________

one sec after I said I'm gonna hit start
is that okay so you said okay one sec
are we live
yeah we're live I'm glad you got to save
your what animal crossing game it's New
Years I got my special party hat going I
got my little virtual champagne and my
little virgin just animal crossing
character and what does New Year's have
to do with with with Animal Crossing
Animal Crossing celebrates pretty much
all the holidays no sniffing dad so
we're looking for a game to play and
you're looking at this a rumble looks
good okay down low Trumbo and then you
like hand me the controlling what the
heck Mike laughs that'd be something you
would like no no they made me feel bad
he's like you don't know me do you like
I don't love it more so what you know
all right so I don't even know which
button to push here let's go with get
ready to run let's see what that does
run Bo press enter there is no enter say
V on the keyboards a keyboard and just
just try hitting the button on them I
did none of them wait hit the green one
it's usually the green one there you go
I don't know these things
okay I'm
can be read Hugh Shantae read Val lilac
Shantae I'm gonna be red Hugh it looks
like the Iron Giant sorry
alright difficulty oh no we don't want
we don't want we want easy Brown's 100
music what's not so random I don't know
whatever just there's a lot of just so
just see you figure where they are and
palette
oh that's trying to attractive yes it's
fine
alright run 1 2 5 casual canyons oh
that's a surface
is there nobody to to race against it's
just so there's no like single-player
element to this now when that goes
Orange can I fall through that oh yeah
okay
what the hell is going on darned if I
know all right so I Happy Happy New Year
there's some confusion earlier between
being Karen over whether or not I said I
was streaming tonight I couldn't
remember I thought I said Sunday Karen
thought I said New Year's Eve so I you
know I hear tonight if I could I'll
probably gotta do I just can't do it
fast enough I'll probably stream
tomorrow too I think you could take your
sweet-ass time because you're not
actually racing it I figure there would
be AI opponents and doesn't look like
there are fuck I can't believe you
though this is up my alley this is kind
of neat the way it changes colors and
stuff and then changes colors what did I
ever think that was neat because it
changes colors joy didn't Karen all that
the time element Karen you know I'm
teasing it you know I'm you know I'm
teasing no I'm hurt and I am I need to
be made whole
oh damn I'll try it it looks like it got
old five minutes ago because I suck at
this kind of thing I predict we're not
gonna be playing this of the whole night
oh yeah
oh damn then one was enough of it I mean
I get this supposed to be multiplayer a
race thing but you you one turn one you
know when I was in high school I played
soccer and then one summer I decided
like the park district had track and
field and I thought well that might be
fun you know and help me keep in shape
and stuff and I was like we'd go to
these little events and I'd be the only
one from my age group competing at them
but I'd like get like little ribbons and
stuff but it was like I was you know
racing myself which was all well and
good I mean it was motivation to get
exercise and la-dee-da but it was kind
of hysterical when I got first place out
of one most first place oh yeah I'm last
here give a shot oh you're already dying
I knew you wanna yeah I'm gonna come and
I'm gonna stream I'm gonna play games I
knew you wouldn't last more than five
minutes we can I suggested map eel and
play Animal Crossing I could show
everybody my village but you don't have
a thingy to set up yeah to export the
checks got the magic DS I don't so yeah
the ports are rushing in from Australia
New Zealand the 2016 has passed away
yeah we're really late to the party of
this part of the world in a relative
sense
they could have given you computer
opponents maybe that's an option all
right I'll check into it it might be
yeah I completely that's a that's a good
idea somebody suggested I could play
stardew valley you good - game with that
I've barely played it yeah you know is
that so bad
I thought you would like it oh I'm far
from loving it
we're a long way from loving I said why
I didn't say long find some appealing
shit I'm stuck I'm stuck you're stuck
find a middle-aged man to tie you back
up or untie you know I really don't help
female scheming stereotypes at all but
you know what their stereotypes
you name a stereotype and there's
probably one person in that group that
matches it but it's a stereotype when
you assume that everybody in that group
or most people in that group follow that
stereotype
all right let's get out of here looks
like there might be other games like
minigames let's say what's what's epic
adventure and and buh-buh-buh Hemus with
a w no idea well I like that art The
Lost luau do do dodo do everything they
want you saw this game on the DS store
and you thought I like the art there's
nothing wrong with that I thought I
liked the art I liked the carts
important of the colors changing in
different platforms appearing and
disappearing and I thought that might be
fun - it might be fun to watch rich play
live
okay I used to be a halfway-decent
platformers way way back different grade
at Mario all right what is this mario 3
what's the challenge I'm trying to
complete game you say there's a
challenge what is it
what does it game does it just get to
the end
what probably works better if you've got
somebody who's kind of evenly matched
with you is this for the same people who
made speedrunners it looks like it could
be what speedrunners and how do you know
about it well is that specific game are
just speedrunners in general I mean it
certainly doesn't kind of resemble a
speedrunner Oh a speedrun around uh an
endless run again this runner that's
what they're called are they supposed to
be isn't intended or supposed to be
bringing one of those out with Mario and
it's just so lame why do you think
that's lame because there are so many
endless runners why do we need another
one that just happens to have Mario
honi endless runners are there just look
up endless runners and like the App
Store oh you know how many platformers
are there should there should they
should there never be another platformer
platformers have more - oh man less
runners it's a spike to get on you just
do one thing
you know somebody made a mr. mr. blinken
endless-runner and I think you just
insulted them well I think it was
probably they made it not because
everybody said oh boy I want to play an
endless-runner people said oh boy I want
to play a game to plank it did you play
as a blanket or is the one of his cast
you play us to chase by his can you play
it as play get in a wheelchair running
along rooftops your wheelchair yeah I'm
trying to get to the VCR repair shop to
it was to kill or beat up Jay and Mike
have they all seen the video footage
where you are I kid you not he went he
was in his teens at the time I think
early 20s maybe and he went down his
grandmother stairs in a wheelchair and
they didn't like the first take so he
did it again I'll never let him down
it's like the dumbest thing he ever did
he could have killed himself
yeah going down the stairs in the
wheelchair there steep stairs to shame I
didn't kill myself it wouldn't be here
right now yeah you paid with some kind
of like handsome like attractive guy oh
shut up what you're handsome big
attractive what that's some bullshit I
know bullshit when I hear it and that is
bullshit that is a great a
industrial-strength bullshit okay you're
kind of cute no no yeah I'll take that
I still don't know what I'm one of the
challenges I don't know it's not that
hard to get to the end
well Paul our fiction please wait until
the end of the chat if you would not
just kidding don't kill yourself
okay so let me it gets old but what this
yeah yeah oh I knew this he get old you
wonderful it and then we started and
then he didn't want a plant you wanted
me to play it
Mia culpa my fault my own fault my own
grievous grievous grievous fault oh
don't don't don't make rich egg races I
think Karen but handful not handsome
are you a handful what are those things
like dat's like those let's go come drop
things that they sell in the yellow box
tops
Avery dad look look she's got a belly
dance button Lucy I know that's don't
lie Sakura Sakura
what the fuck are you guys streaming go
get drunk and celebrates and balls
dropping oh brother another drink
subscribe for 20 months in a row wants
to say a shame that I'm alive
paraphrasing rich I don't know about
drunk but I did get some kind of citrus
hops beer yes this is this is Shanna
tame Shanna tea however you pronounce it
just kind of like Shantae he's got a
cult hit on the was the Game Boy Advance
she had a couple games they made one
recently it's just a shanty game this
one here looks like this girl looks like
jasmine unless that's that's character
the Chanti Oh where's the laptop that's
in there just not good get after her
problems with it the other day get into
read things from it it'll be fine like
three times
oh you and Jack like I touched your
cover and I got an electric shock and I
just got to UM for the laptop we'll play
it in the Frey the damn thing seems to
be still on let's see
there's a Shannon C game just on Steam
isn't there all right how do I get to
the subscriber thingy what how do I get
where I can read their tips or anything
like that I think I found it I think I
accidentally pushed it as I can adjust
him
moisturise is that the set the secret I
don't know but whenever I'm visiting my
parents whenever I pet their big dog I
always get like crazy shocks look I'll
pet his head I'll get a crazy shock and
he never seems to notice and I'm like
how could that that hurts your face
well Shetty there is no menu open the
program but it's putting touch pads why
why why why why God yes why touch
offensive the worst thing pads are fine
no they're not the alternative to a
touch pad is having to have find some
place to put a mouse when the touch pad
is already occupying your whole lap all
right we're gonna change when the
laptops all react on your wife we're
gonna change games relatively soon okay
relatively soon this isn't really my cup
of tea okay so after all that MacGregor
morale and touch pads and electrocution
we don't have any tips yesterday so
that's that
cream cheese and yellow cheese no
monster in my pocket monster in my
closet
all right you you want to play more of
this for no no no it's last month long
as I knew it what I knew Richie knows
but she knows she's a smart man he knows
what's going on he knows the score I
suggested Matthew land you think that
what I lasted much longer
mappy land anything what are the odds
mappy land has a steam port does there's
a one word one word no mapping land is
not on Steam yep
what are these Mattie cosmic cavern that
doesn't seem like nappy Lissa's that's
not Matthew whatever it is yeah what is
this what's going on
you said you're wishing for more Linux
releases is Linux I mean I know like
Android and Chrome have you know some
kind of Linux structure underneath of
them but and I know Linux has many
adoring fans but is Linux still a thing
as far as mass market is concerned I
mean I wish it the best absolutely but
is Linux kind of dead as a as a
mass-market user thing and as a
releasing you know mainstream games for
thing it's that's true my feeling might
be in the Namco collection for steam but
it might be hard to browse through all
that stuff - I don't have to play
everything is fine and every Shantae oh
that is that is her yeah totally is her
person if it was on Steam Sanrio this is
this is a very classic kind of
platformer it looks like I've never
played any of them I've heard of him we
could play this or you could just start
him is there a third option our stream
is running on Amazon Linux right now but
I mean as a home desktop and as a
platform for added mass market for
servers but I mean you're talking about
getting games and I'm just wondering
like I'm sure there are a lot of games
for Linux this is still viable for home
users this is kind of a cuter platformer
is this something you're interested in
yeah yeah like yeah a little bit okay we
she's sliding on a
oh my god that looks like like Amazon's
warehouse and then she's an elephant
another made three of these games on
Steam just what I was just looking at
this one oh she's learning
it said XCOM you know you want to
he's been doing that for like the last
like since you saw him it's it since we
were on here he's been doing that like
the the plan lot the plan is totally to
finish off that playthrough on stream
it's been two straight streams right
play Dexcom I don't know if I should do
it for third but I'm kind of mad at XCOM
right now I was heaven as you know I've
been trying whoa let me find it for you
we'll talk about this after I find a
friggin game all right ash Anat a game
stardew valley sanity or chanté chanté I
don't know how you pronounce it what's
what's the what's the consensus in the
chat
what's a consensus with you what are you
interested in do you want to play that
platformer do you want to play starting
this is up to you
let's just started you want to be sure
okay
no not crazy about the button scheme
I'll give it a shot
and then coal they've got a pacman
museum I don't see a Namco collection
it's all pac-man okay that's why it's
the pac-man Museum all right I'm gonna
I'm gonna quickly download starting and
then I got a feeling Karen's gonna get
bored of that before too long too they
want me playing doom there might be some
comedy value in there but it wouldn't
last long
Shanti its Brown Shanti all right
Shanti or not dude I thought Karen
wanted to do starting it is let me close
that Shante Shante here I shantytown we
can do whatever the fuck we lost seven
oceans
that's
startling juji I probably already have a
copy on GOG
I usually try to support gog.com they do
games are kind of like steam only all of
their games are DRM free you actually
own those games and I gotta go on a full
read but I plugged them frequently
because they do they do God's work
because lord knows God not God isn't
doing it God hated dear Emma wouldn't
exist all these horrible things that
exist God is okay with it part of the
Divine Plan or something well it's
really kind of a horrible plan that
isn't it well you don't don't know that
the full long range I'm doing this on my
knee and knee is this well no yeah I
just want the mousepad I don't want the
lap desk with it that's why I asked I
just I just want a big floppy pass that
I could throw my this is the sound of me
hitting him with it I have a cold
I'm sick and I have limited patience or
this smartass made some smart what so
what changed aiming it's a three-hour
process to change the game because the
game Karen wanted to play as I predicted
and she only wanted to play it for two
minutes
you played started to I just I just got
it set up turns going to go drink well
well those nights going great oh they're
sure she's gonna she's gonna take her
time she wants to play starter and then
she's not good place he's gonna play
started until
our time is it 8:07 she'll be done with
the game by 825 825 is my call my
prediction 825 and she's she's the
controller is down on the ground and
she's talking and she's not flying start
over 825 that's assuming she gets back
before 810 it's taking her a long time
to grab a fucking beer
20:17 is off to a great as it started
yet
this is the end of 2016 actually pretty
good before midnight I'm still waiting
to hear about the terrorists flying a
plane into Trump Tower when when the
party is going on with all of the
dignitaries and all of the celebrities
all of the celebrities that you like you
wonder Cohen he's dead
you liked him and he was a celebrity
because he's already dead all right new
know Marilyn Manson well yeah we didn't
whatever hey hey hey I remember remember
what we said about about you talking
quietly I'm ready shove that shouldn't
microphone right right into your face oh
just pretend like I'm not a $2.00 she's
microphones anyway all right what do I
type you go type my name Aaron you have
a keyboard well no you have a keyboard
it's it was literally within hands reach
of you hey you can't capitalize did your
nut head kept lock what no I didn't your
cap lock I had shift did you hold shift
him okay maybe that cap lock maybe that
shift is broken maybe try the other
shift
oh yeah okay so guess I'll just hit
shift Aaron farm name what's my farm
name gonna be
what's name of Karen's farm we need my
farm Fisher farm Michaels Fisher George
Michaels Fisher Reynolds farm in memory
memorandum of there we go Fisher
spelling is awkwardly as possible
favorite thing what does your favorite
thing mean in this game cute little
touch it's not super important toenails
okay
favorite thing what's wrong animal it's
got to be a dog okay there was a
remember there was a thread on lion on
the forum for this game where somebody
had embarrassed themselves because they
don't know what the hell is going on
apparently they had put Hitler in as the
favorite thing and they forgot about it
and then they went on the forums little
mice Hitler coming up and I was like
well that's what you put in as your
favorite thing it's just like egg on
their face in your leg
what do you mean you're moving the mouse
I'm sorry I'm sorry
that is my fault it is your fault yeah
skin let's see this is our pale as fuck
option hey let's fuck hair that's about
right
oh that's terrible hair shape
you can't alter the haircolor
I guess shirt-collar I guess that works
pet kitty Oh Karen is totally a dog
person
all right I'm going to grab a soda I'm
going to go grab a non-alcoholic
beverage do that hair too exciting their
pants color jeans are just fine shirt
color shirt color option
I guess that looks as much on like me as
next character we're just getting lit
yeah right and for my very special
granddaughter I want you to have this
sealed envelope full of anthrax spores I
want you to have the sealed envelope no
no don't open it just yet
have patience wait until I'm dead now
listen close
whoa I know my breasts pretty bad
because I'm almost dead there will come
a day when you feel crushed by the
burden of modern life may the burden of
modern life who knows yeah I stolen your
Hershey's Kisses but it's okay because I
grabbed two and I offered you one what
makes it all right some kind of
fictional religion would be my guess
what these computers look like eggs
didn't anybody look at the one guys dead
and the one there the other one they
showed he was on drugs yeah like hold
free to smiling you know pilot pills
dear Karen if you're reading this you
must be in dire need of a change
the same thing happened to me long ago
I've lost sight of what mattered most in
life real connections with other people
in nature so I dropped everything and
moved to the place I truly belong and
fairly not Wisconsin because connecting
with rain with nature right now is kind
of a bitch there's winter in the game it
doesn't last half the year though so I
mean you can't even ski right now
there's no snow it's just cold and wet
I've enclosed the deed to that place my
pride and joy
Fisher farm it's located in stardew
valley on the southern coast it's the
perfect place to start your new life
this was my most precious gift of all
and now it's yours I know you'll honor
the family name my dear
good luck love your amp ah yes if Lewis
is still alive say hi to the old guy for
me will ya I'm not allowed enough course
you're not turn me up turn me up turn me
on turn me over
testing testing you could give this
thing more up toward my face testing Oh
talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk
talk the Sun was shining on the sea
shining with all its might
it did its very best to make the billows
smooth and bright and this was odd
because it was the middle of the night
the moon was shining sulkily because she
thought the Sun had got no business
you'd good
I turned you up a bit haven't closed the
cyanide pill just in case the farm
doesn't work out I know how thoughtful
grandpa why is there no Karen emote
there is no Karen yeah
won't we you get emotes like you have
like pizza rolls and things right yeah
there's no Karen yeah I'm sorry I'm just
a minor character I think we'd filled up
our a member of --mode slots before
you'd even been on scene that's why last
time we got rid of them red one we
replaced one the chat like freaked out
yeah it was very it was a very
controversial you have to get rid of one
of your favorite emotes hello you must
be Karen its Robin a young woman or a
very very pretty young man please chew
and grunt more into the mic who me
I have a cold if I'm like clearing my
throat or something I apologize I'm
Robin how does it feel to be an asshole
yes seriously I'm Robin the local
carpenter mayor Lewis sent me here to
fetch you and show you the way to your
new home
he's there right now tidy news up for
your arrival you made a sweet woman it
was her I was here to entertain you on
New Year's Eve feel bad for a moment
what does that feel like good feel like
victory Fleur sadist I don't know what
does that feel like let's see this is
Fisher farm and it needs water
or she's crying what's the matter sure
it's a bit over girl but there's some
good soil underneath that mess little
dedication you'll have it cleaned up a
notice talking about you you hack fraud
I'm not grunting I just
all right is that Louis that's Louis
you're kind of flat-chested there aren't
you yeah just a little bit little bit
which is kind of little I mean a pixel
or two takes you from from flat-chested
w cop rude you know they recently
rebooted the Powerpuff Girls right yeah
you know they largely use the same
designs okay
except the teacher the kindergarten
teacher yeah they took her breasts off
that's weird
she's completely they she had like two
little bumps before and they're just
gone now otherwise I think the character
model is identical what about miss Bella
I mean she knows whatever she was always
pretty buxom yeah they got rid of her
entirely
she wouldn't the best characters yes I
know they got rid of her entirely
because she has boobs yes I guess that
sends a bad message that woman can have
a sexuality I don't I don't know you
didn't have to have a sexuality booster
boobs are boobs people have boobs
they're useful for you know feeding
babies and stuff all right how do I move
if you have anything to sell places in
the box here I'll come by during the
night and collect it well there's
nothing creepy about that but I'm not an
especially big Powerpuff Girls fan I
just saw something about this online
randomly I don't like that's weird
I thought you were gonna tell me that
they like made the Powerpuff Girls grow
up and have boobs
which is I mean you know yeah one would
expect me to boom sooner or later but
the whole point the Powerpuff Girls was
that they were five-year-old girls
little tiny kindergarteners beating
everyone's ass violently violently very
violently what do I got an axe hole a
watering can a pickaxe and a scythe and
a barrel chest and a big flat barrel
chest do I have to like collect these
things
what do you mean collect them this box
do I have to do anything to it
what's the dope in it there's the box
I think it's just your inventory okay
you're opening your inventory okay I
think yeah right all right no I don't
want to close anything I just want to
well this go you know want to throw that
out that's your max I know I know how do
I close it
I'll try look we'll put the X down into
a slot first okay oh no try other
buttons Sid look there's the B button
try Y X Y it shouldn't take you this
long to hit all the eggs while moving
them back here in between start
select Jesus Christ Jesus Jesus Jesus
save us there how'd you do that
hey - grab it move it around yeah I did
that I need to put it back grab eight
eight Amy did that eight eight there you
go then these these in the back that's
Alexa Motul you're using you didn't like
what I was doing
yeah you're talking about the little
flappers yeah
okay can I drink the coffee iris that
soup that's bold well as a decorative
Bowl okay I think I'm holding it now you
are holding it do I want to hold it no
but well some to you Oh could I do with
it you could have put it back on the
table yes you can not not from here get
out of here
hit hit the B button okay whatever hit
the flappers C select that thing yeah
I'll put it on the table
you know I light a fire okay you're good
you let your fireplace watch TV actually
you open the box wanted to watch TV but
I got parsnip seeds hit the flappers now
go to the TV go to bed you could that'd
be a waste of it today go to the TV
select channel a weather report it could
rain the next day
welcome to Koz I'm Mackenzie v your
number one source for the news
entertainment and now the weather
forecast for tomorrow it's going to rain
all day tomorrow see it heard the water
crop sort of rage that's what that means
I think I just poured water on my TV yes
you think you did fortunately it did not
break let's get the fortune teller I
sense that a new viewer has joined us a
young lady from yesterday family gypsy
ah
Judas a young lady from stardew valley
welcome welcome
the spirits are in good humor today I
think you'll find you find you'd have a
little extra luck living off the land
channel welcome to living off the land
we're back again with another tip for
y'all now y'all listen up this one's for
all your green hounds out there chop
wood and search for wild for words earn
some cash while waiting on your first
harvest there you go are you read mind
okay Dracula gypsy woman and they're
gypsies and they originate from like
you're an old kind of Transylvania kind
of Romania area that would be a Dracula
accent we mean like like the Roman II
yeah you're exactly your stereo
typical gypsies okay so I need to clear
shit I think oops I think I just watered
something that's probably a weed I want
to get all your gonna clear you want
your site so you remember your flippers
scythe-like now you gonna have to go in
there if you just selected with the
flippers you selected with the flippers
and no what do you what are you closing
this you have the accident you have to
put the X zone put it for the safe zone
now get out of there get out of there
I'm trying this is fun this is easy use
the flippers to select the site all
right now select the site that's that
that's the home that's a yes the pickaxe
not flipper flipper flipper flipper hey
isn't that a IPX these are all weeds
yeah even that wood that's a stick which
you can use the axon and then down there
that's technically grass but you can't
grow crops out of grass seasons don't
fear the reaper nor do the wind the Sun
in the rain sorry I'm having a having a
scythe moment basically you want to
clear up enough spot so you can start
planting
so with that grass throughout the grass
all right no you know yeah like you only
need like 15 you only got 15 seeds so
you can use your pickaxe to get where
the rocks flapper flapper I don't know
I'm being an asshole but that's just
because we're streaming is you're an
asshole and I'm teasing
okay big axe yeah now you're gonna use
the X button X yeah boom then you get a
little rock spoon which you can build
things with the little rocks poom poom
you get some of those down there to me
but to me but to me okay put to me ooh
so you can only like you could side all
around but you can only pick ax like one
direction all right okay then how do I
pick up the rocks you say oh you already
grabbed them you think of what you see
that inventory oh these little dots here
aren't those no no no this is the great
round things in your inventory Oh guys
the rocks
alright so now you need to hold the
ground so you could plant okay oh you
can't help but dump them
this is the hole right there's an axe
that's all that oh yeah the axe is more
than trying to I think that's the filthy
hole so whoops it's not all what am i
holding
molding we're hauling rocks
does anyone know yes
you didn't hold her ground well where do
you want to keep everyone a little bit
well where you know everyone
yeah you gotta if you want to plant
seeds you have to hold the ground first
you got 15 seeds in your inventory you
can go to the store and buy more if you
got enough you got a little bit of money
but basically you need to hold 15 tiles
so you could plant trying here to go to
the menu hit start go up at the top to
option this there's a thing that'll make
this easier right right go to the
gamepad thing options I'll hit that
always show tool hit location that makes
this much easier
this game is not very controller
friendly and placed by them in the mouse
I don't mind doing that but I mean you
really want to play with the controller
and then you see where it's gonna hit so
how do I get to go like here you stay
there yeah you gotta it's being finicky
about the positioning apparently so
that's six yeah seven
we doesn't have to be pretty it makes
you feel good if it's pretty nine ten
eleven twelve she can count see it's
easy to do this with the mouse you just
get yourself somewhere close and then
you can mouse on the specific square
okay so that's 15 holes do sixteen
because you found wild seeds when you
were cutting down the weeds so you got
you got a sixteen see so I'm gonna have
like line nurses and cultivar give me
some weird random thing yeah hybrids and
okay um so then you go flap flap flap to
the the seeds these are seeds that's the
one well when you phoned yes Park Park
this one right here maybe where you what
we're not doesn't only want it to be
like what I'm next to or something what
do I do that should be doing it X right
try a hey hey
all right okay and these are my other
seeds over here the one in the bag this
their own okay yeah so just run down
while hitting the button they can only
go in the hold ground so you can do it
fast just did you did you to hit huh no
I'm busy doing other things cuz I'm
stupid okay yeah you just hit that
button and run around it'll yeah I've
run up and down and won't go as you go
okay that should be all of them yeah now
go to your water and Kent Kent watering
can watering cans flip and then we water
you should probably you would probably
get into harvest moon friends mineral
town because that's designed with like a
controller controls in mind this one
they expect you to use the mouse to do
things you can still do it with a
controller it's it's a little bit more
doesn't let me do things with the mouse
so much of his I was making me do things
with arrows and keys and all that with
the keyboard like I said Harvest Moon
which I mean I guess I could use too but
you have money you could buy more seeds
or this could be enough for now what do
I have I see you have gogo leave the
firm go to there good here right
visit done oh there's a whole social
aspect of this game no bus right now
yeah put that down well let you leave in
- you put that down there you can pick
up those dandelions you can sell them or
give them to someone you can give people
gifts loot and alight
yeah if they like dandelions they'll be
happy together some people might not
like dandelions I remember giving
dandelions to my mother when I was like
5 you have to figure out what people
like I don't think she liked dandelions
she just like gets 5 year old or if you
don't like them you can give them things
they don't like oh yeah can I beat him
with a net cuz that's like we don't beat
them with a net you see that animal
cross and you beat them with a met oh
goodness let's see what's down here the
world's flattest hospital oh do I need
to check up
they're closed oh it's 7 o'clock oh it's
too late and they opened there there
might be close the syllabus or no it's
open but there's nobody Manning the show
well good I could just shoplift I'll
take one of these one of those one of
those fortunately you're an honest
you can't do that I can go hang out by
the fire which apparently I can't do hi
lady hello you must be Karen the new
farmer I'm Carolyn what is rich what is
your level of anxiety now uh I'm very uh
nang saya tidak right now I'm fine
there's the church and there's that word
symbol again I'm never coming around
assuming people might go to church on
Sunday yeah it's a special thing of
their special religion they just go
around watering no yours you're just
fucking with somebody somebody oh you
have to be friends before you can go in
the room are you friends with any of
them no but I think I just water there
doorstop you're definitely not sit here
let the exit yeah that's the upset oh
it's getting dark they're scary woods
full of Freddy and Jason no they're
scary mines fuel your life but like
slimes
Jochem part ah
join us thrive what's on sale there is a
church time but it's not Sunday I
believe it's Thursday if you care I care
a little bit oh I just wanted your
display sorry did you talk to him no I
wanted to find out what was for sale
there's just stuff wait no no no no no I
know you keep hitting that button it's
not the button you should be hitting
how am i doing today well I'm
uncontrollably wedding do you have any
incontinence pads for my watering can
I'm having bladder issues wedding all
over wedding a church wedding the door
wedding wedding wedding welcome to Joe
Jamar how are you doing today I don't
believe we've met I'm Morris Georgia
customer satisfaction representative
don't you like my bowtie when you decide
you want to become a Joe Joe member I'll
be delighted to help make your
transition a joyous experience is this
the other cult in town yes it is Joe Joe
join us thrive this is a bigger
supermarket but you can't go inside huh
Chuck to the cashier I know you buy
things from here you probably just buy
it all from the cashier whoa walking
mall walking getting my exercise
there you go Joe Joe Cola wallpaper you
know what a categorized the credit Quran
says the Georgia Cola energy no trash
wallpaper decorates Joe Jim Martin
wallpaper you can you can decorate your
house that's kind of stuff you like a
light parsnip see it's good bison
parsnip seeds right you can because the
other guys I think they're a little bit
more expensive than buying them from the
other guy but he's closed all right so
I'll buy some parsnips seeds
how many more you want to plant you got
a plant oh wait you don't much time to
plant you follow us I figured what time
it is
toy you know maybe 1 a.m. you just fall
asleep wherever you are and you lose
energy the next even if I get a job -
Cola yeah well what good's a Joe Joe
Cola they're not much good if you're
already low on energy
it might be nice to have something to
drink you know I'll buy a Joe Joe : ok
you can burn you can buy some parsnips
and plant them tomorrow wait did I buy
Joe - Cole you only got
you only got 475 in your inventory but
my Joe Joe Cole is 75 well your sole got
the parsnips and your cursor Oh would I
put them in here this up your butter
somewhere
well putting virtual things that my butt
isn't really gonna make much difference
well buy more than one cuz that second
of one inventory spot at a time that's
dumb how many you're buying um oh you
can't add I don't think you could do
I'll never mind
I'm just dumping yeah you could stack
I'm just like an animal crossing how
many should I buy uh this is this is a
tactical decision that you're gonna have
to make you have 425 left but I don't
have no idea what I want to else I want
to buy why don't all right look here
I'll buy four or you can sell those
dandelions that's 100 bucks and then
I'll buy a Jojo Cola because I wanted
you to call Oh parsnip but that's what
they call me but they I mean no one
let's see oh the earth is all red is
that a side effect of the Jojo Cola
that's a side effect of being night you
haven't drunk my god I was listening to
that
um nuclear accidents audio book that we
started listening to and they were
talking about like you're a fall asleep
in the middle of its own home the Tesla
like did shit like stuck his head no you
know x-ray beams and wrote about of the
stuff he like had no frickin clue it's
like and then like you know he kept
writing these reports and by the end he
was like uh yeah you shouldn't do that
medicines a assistant needed to have
both arms amputated really from
radiation ruins yeah this my house yeah
by still time to plant right not really
a little bit he's right trip I don't
know what happens if I collapse the
middle my field you'll wake up the next
day with half your energy and may be
missing some money alright alright I'll
go to sleep but there's no hard time
limit it's not like you have to do X
amount by the end of the summer or you
lose the game you can you can have your
firm be a record I think there anyone
even get charged there's like no
mortgage like I think this is somebody
actually made a mod where there's a
mortgage is just because it feels right
yeah well crossing has a mortgage the
weather wide huh the damn mother lied
yeah how do I do I fill my water up here
yeah
like X well you have to be facing it but
yeah there you go
you know you didn't know I fucked it up
inside of my magical watering can drive
to one of my plants again or just what
does she do every day unless it's
raining drink should be for you on the
weather law drink you drink freeze one
they get more than one drink you don't
just one you're wasting energy oh my god
just one okay you don't fight well new
to this you don't find kiddo I'm sure
you did things wrong - you just found
them out the hard way that's fine yeah
of course
no shit but give you a hard time
there's no water okay whoop that's - you
can't like flood your plants like
remember when remember when the store
the store manager had that plant and he
thought because they assigned me the
floral department that I somehow knew
everything about plants but it was easy
with this one because this plant was
like four feet long and its roots were
like so rotted it was never like an inch
long and I'm like yeah I don't know if
he does secretary we're taking turns
over watering it or what but it was a
goner
all right I need a hoe now it's a hoe
down flip you have mail by the way oh
you've got mail
oh that's not mail hey I put my
dandelions down before I can get my mail
you get solos if you walk where do I
sell them you see that bin over there
it's your right
oh okay you show it there okay wait
where's my mail X no wait I think I've
got a excuse me I need to put my X
X you dad and align nothing right now I
put it in here
no I don't want it you didn't want to
put it in there
how do I put it down no flapper no okay
flap to the mail mail no mail no try
buttons
why not done by not Y X X no get me out
of x-ray X train a No Oh No
I want to do it my mouth uh we read it
really quick
did I read it again maybe oh wow you did
it
this is I think what it was somebody
named Willie invited me to the beach to
visit the beach south of town he says he
has something to give me that sounds
kind of creepy go see some Willie at the
beach I mean so give me some that's just
visit the beach south of town before
5:00 p.m.
well I'm gullible let's go see what he's
got to say you want to plant the rest
here if your four little parsnips oh
I've only got four of them so you bought
all right parsnips oh I got a whole hope
no no no wrong hope nope slipper tree
flapper oh ho ho ho ho ho oh oh oh don't
hold your crops X two three four ah
didn't let me huh
so much dude I forget maybe it's a
pickaxe something we'll never ever know
you gonna log there yeah
you only got four anyway that's more
than four all right I know what I
thought I'd do with a lecture okay
there's my ax flipper flipper flipper
flipper fly so he's going to give us
Willy deal yeah I know it's really
creepy X a now ho ho ho and then ho
needs to be here oh oh
oh you're doing great kid you do it
great
alright now I need to plant some Parsons
yes which are in the seed pouch with a
picture of corn on it or something let's
picture if a parsnip you don't know what
a parsnip looks like I know what a
parsnip looks like they're round and
white don't forget to water them I'm
working on it
ah well good no what did you do you
pickaxe them I didn't mean to I told you
not to pick axe on the wrong thing
oh well ok so so much for that person
throughout 25 bucks probably since
put that down here you're holding the
log you can throw the log out but you're
holding a lot right water again trying
all right I can't believe I left $18
beer night for this that was your call
dude I had nothing to do with that to
watch me suck it yep
start you Bailey
rest in peace parsnip no right or
parsnip all right where's the beach I
want to see this guy Willy self doesn't
map in the game need you right sewer yep
well that looks like a beach it's well
south or maybe it's just a river thank
you that's a river that's next to a
beach
hi Willy
you look creepy I'm all by myself
ahoy there miss heard there was a
newcomer in town good to finally meet
you
more like stardew barely I'm still
trying to unwind from a month out of the
salty seas it was a big haul I sold a
lot of good fish finally saved enough to
buy me a new rod I want to show you my
rod I want you to have my old rod
burgers that came from the chat that was
uh it was a judge frowny face said that
George Lucas know the the the burn I'm
the sick burn on the star do barely oh
yeah I can't take credit for that
that's me reading check you guys help
out you guys make the comedy happen no
gang up on poor little Karen it's
important to me that the art of fishing
stays alive and hey maybe you'll buy
something from the shop once in a while
ah so he's got his own little little
nefarious purposes huh okay check Hera
would probably love undertale
let's undertale it's a game wanna play
when you're sick of this or when they're
sick of watch already done basic
basically a full playthrough a jack but
ya know we could just check it out
no yeah what time is it
azam for 25 laps up by 24 minutes 24
minutes this is cute I'd like to play
this later
and we just gonna play every game
tonight for like 20 minutes at a time is
that a problem it's not a problem oh
it's weird this is gonna be the
smorgasbord this is what happens when I
let you play games well now if you want
to if you would have had the thing set
up so I can do Nintendo I could have
show the Manimal cross again
thanks oh yeah you can play that thing
for hours I'm really you say I play ax
come off with him you know why you know
why Karen hasn't been complaining about
me playing X come all the time because
she has been playing Animal Crossing all
the time well I'm you know I'm trying to
get my reset center up and running I've
got my I've gotten my my police station
and my coffee shop I get flirt Karen to
play doom that would be hilarious for
about a minute and then it would be
frustrating and then it would be over
the whole thing would take five minutes
dooma dooma dooma dooma how do I get out
of this particular conversation you
don't try fishing yeah how do I fish
flap flap to the fishing pole flap flap
no aim at the sea
a little a little bit slow on the draw
there it's the eight button all right
yeah you hold it down longer to cast it
up further out but there yeah you want
to you want the bar me full then we need
get the shake that's when you real min
just wanna get the right button hey
maybe it's sex it's not a while since I
played and last time I played I was
using the mouse so your controls are
different than what I was used to
look chat me backseat driving
Jack while he was playing XCOM was
glorious it made for a glorious stream
and you know it was great you know
you only hit it once or you hit a bunch
of times when they win the fish bites
should be just be once I think it's
really fishing is really hard at first
but you kind of level up and it gets a
lot easier eventually I can get a better
fish fishing pole like there you go now
you got to keep it lined up keep the
green lined up with the fish oh my god
what do I got oh my god I don't know
what you can I have to gauge a little
bit a little bit a little bit pump it
Pump it keep it even okay okay fill up
the green bar oh my god you almost got
it again you almost got it there you go
I'll add 4 5-inch sunfish yeah real
sunfish are easy to catch
they'll eat fucking anything so blue
gills oh my god it's an empty hook want
it want it want it
alright so you wanted to try undertale
or not I don't know what you wouldn't do
trout soup is that good it's nothing you
need right now bamboo pole that's the
barren fishing I can't really force
anyone you gotta know let's duplicate of
the one you got well you don't need a
bamboo one what's that
Chum Bucket it's a Chum Bucket does that
help you get fish I think it's just
decorative Chum Bucket you can get bait
actually little pink shrimping you need
the you need the fishing pole that can
use bait that's the next fishing pole up
but you don't have yet been full of what
wiggling worms frog eggs
Hey Dude catch anything our ap Robin
Williams that guy's not Robin Williams
the the guy who lives in the tent
that is totally based on Robin Williams
from Jumanji can I take see shows yeah
you can sell them
Oh your inventory is full yet if there's
something out oh that's all right
like that clay you got a little one
thing a clay you get throw that out you
got that stupid Jojo mark can that you
didn't need what if I just drank it you
do that oh yeah then grab some seashells
at least one excuse me I need to get
this dandelion off my head no be a
something no it's probably x-ray you
know your highlight of this no I made a
hole in the ground can you plant things
in like different kinds of soil okay
level one seashell can I stack that one
was the same kind you could stack them
okay unless they're of different quality
they have qualities assigned to them
sometimes so you could stack silver star
quality seashells but you can't stack
that with gold star quality seashells
that's an ice cream stand hi dude hi I'm
Clint good for you Jojo Jojo
whatever the stupid name is I don't care
Oh headstones our beloved Mona
it's a mystery that's actually a mystery
you can solve a lot Tayloe you don't
know what languages you need to learn
the language do anus do anus is anus
it's old and faded this one that just
doesn't want to tell you because it's
sideways apparently she's not capable of
walking around to the other side and
taking a damn peek walking on graves
what the hell's history recreations it
sound like they care but dead there the
name real there fictionally dead that's
like that's like that's like being
double dead you weren't real to begin
with and you're dead the only thing that
would be more dead is like a fictional
story in the game with somebody's grave
I'd be like triple dead okay found I
went home for quadruple oh I think I
need to put stuff in here like
dandelions I could sell down the lines
yeah and the fish and the sea shells put
in the box so you're in your own
inventory not in the bin I think I just
threw us threw it on the ground all
right
it's behind the bedroom so you can you
did okay hit the other bummer at the
other bummer hit the other runner hit
the sunfish click on the sunfish they go
click on the clam click on the dandelion
I don't think you get much for them or
if anything but you can sell the clay
the rocks and the weeds now hold on take
a rock smack thank
take how well you'd pull about move the
cursor over to them they go nope take
the weights back some of the stuff might
be useful I'll show you something go to
go to bed tonight and then we'll do
something tomorrow okay and I guess you
don't worry about falling behind there's
no schedule in this game you're keeping
up with you go at your own pace so
everything's fine you just stay as far
away from that mic as possible because
you talk so loud you turn the heat down
it's still 900 degrees right it's not
900 degrees you're wearing a sweatshirt
for no good reason
well you just take a shot you're off
you're saying that so that are you sure
none of these cameras are on nobody can
like hack them to be oh no none of these
cameras are on yeah
all right I'll go turn the heat down no
because I could hack the camera you
could have made my New Year's Eve no I
made somebody's New Year's Eve okay so
what am i doing okay second of spring
year one
they said go to bed we'll do something
tomorrow rich chat up line number 237
okay I'm up
I'm going to turn my fire off it's
raining I don't have to water anything
tada
wooden okay
X X X X boom pow whoops
Bing chop down some of the trees oh why
cuz they're gonna be in your way you can
run more ones you can grow more they're
gonna spread up all over the damn place
you're gonna have a hard time getting
rid of trees trust me how do I get the
stump out keep-keep Waggoner okay I'll
pick up the wood the wood fell out of it
and it's on the ground it's not okay
there ah
sucked up what's it what's this is a
slice your dog going to they have a dog
in all want to talk go get a dog I don't
know if you need to talk to your
neighbors first there's a lot of people
in the Sun you have not talked to like
you see your exclamation point and the
top right mm-hmm move your cursor over
to that the analog stick or the mouse
click on it click on introductions like
this this whole journal thing these are
like goals for you to accomplish 5 of 28
people it's a whole lot of people in
this town you have not
- it's a kind of rude really that's kind
of rude how do I break the rock hi to
your neighbors
pickaxe okay that makes sense but I'm
gonna show you something you can do with
this wood so grab those wood that's over
there over to the right there's some
wood on the ground what in the ground
okay now hit the button that brings you
to your your menu that you accidentally
hit all the time now you won't be able
to hit now because I'm telling oh my god
you did it first shot I'm shot
there's crafting you can you can build
stuff with like the materials you got
it's like all that wood you can turn
that into a trunk a tattoo a chest you
can put that chest anywhere and then you
can keep things at the chest oh so like
all those wood you're getting all these
rocks you're getting you can put them in
a chest for when you need them so I
don't have them on you just did it's in
your inventory you clicked on it
you had enough wood to make it so you
just click on it oh look at the other
things you can make you can make like
paths you can make nice little wooden
paths or stone paths fences and then you
learn more stuff as you play chests so
like you can learn how to make like the
crystal path if you got like like lots
of chords and you can you to make it
farm looks super friggin it's like this
so sounds like something you would love
okay all of your time and animal
crossing has spent decorating your house
all of your time and the Sims was spent
decorating your house here you can
either be decorate your house you could
decorate your entire fucking farm you
can put a nice fence around everything
like you should look online at some of
the stuff so where you want to put your
chest inside outside I'm inside I guess
I'll go inside and pick your sister flap
over to it flap flap flap flap and then
you can set it down obviously not in the
wall have to put it somewhere else but
you can put it in your house like right
there then you can go to that chest and
you can put like the rocks a nice line
is over now you can pick it back up if
it's empty you can pick it back up I
think you just have to hit it with the
accidental okay so then I take these
things yeah then you put them in the
chest like the rocks the weights in the
wood yeah and what's that you can put
whatever you want the show you can put
the chest any way to do it SAP the stuff
you can craft with it okay so I think he
was like you like like the like the
would make my chest a different color
yeah I like it what colored I guess
well what would look like a blue I look
like that yeah well kind of like that
color yeah that's a nice chest at least
now her character will finally have a
big chest don't bomb but um some
advertisement I keep finding cool stuff
my backpack is full does it sound like
you well Pierre's got you covered stop
by peers General Store today and check
out an affordable size 24 backpack okay
so hit that button then brace your
inventory that you always accidentally
hit you see all those great out slots
under there mm-hmm backpack gives you
ungrazed some of those two different
backpacks you can get okay so you can
you can get hold up like 30 things
eventually but right now there's 10 yeah
I mean if you're not using those tools
you can put those tools in your chest
hmm go find some people to visit we've
got that says that there's about 25 out
of 28 or some things there's like 23
left or something some ridiculous number
of people that I hope none of them are
on the bus see if you can fit Willy's
old rod in your chest that sounds a
little prickly says handle voof head
over F but head over Frank whatever
people don't bother to put spaces in
their name I read it like one word god
damn it
underscore exists for a reason whoa
like I say old bother is Oh bother or
not over there because he put underscore
can you swing in the squeeze no oh well
the game's ruined no no hit climb on the
equipment sup with that I play in the
fountain
both should I tell you also I see any of
these 28 people oh definitely definitely
daffodil oh there's another one down
there 200 gonna reach that one excuse me
I'm busy pushing the wrong button I
think I got it there's another daffodil
another once again you can sell those or
give them as gifts look there's another
thingy flower here
uh I don't little thing that's one you
can pick up though I'm sorry I'm sorry
looks like a thistle or something
what are these weird pulsating baths
little blob blob blob these things I
don't know they're like yeah I don't
know bugs I actually have no friggin
clue you think I'm gonna notice
something like that before me we're not
getting many tips today I thought I
heard one earlier how come how come I'm
not seeing tips there new ones
yeah I think we had one earlier yeah and
I don't see it on here I mean if we're
getting tips we want to be able to
recognize oh yeah I do
I can't wait til Jax backs he knows how
to use this shit and I don't I just sit
around and I I make funny comments
that's my job
snark the snark is my job lilius and
then we get to it like there's a whole
program here I don't know how to use my
shop
I can buy wood stone windows I don't
even know what I do with those yet so
what's this guy is that a doctor or a
chemist it's like the periodic table
uterus local scientist and father that's
kind of creepy
I'm the local scientist of the father of
all the local children this is it's the
best cult ever for him yeah seriously
all right now I'm signed out of tips
entirely wishes look in his microscope
and see things and small I mean like
enlarged small thing is enlarged I don't
believe you can Wow pictures microwave
can I put somebody or something in the
microwave like in maniac mansion where
you can microwave the hamster
I'm not good enough friends with Marui
to enter her bedroom but the chemist he
says come on in I father all the local
children oh my god tips are back yay oh
you just moved in right cool
here's one from the bar also androgynous
another day that I didn't see says oh
hey it's God with the Gunks family loves
the stream it's awesome you subject your
children to us hey
anonymous says Karen how are you going
to explain to your kids why daddy
masturbated with a droid for the entire
internet to see have you seen that clip
I have not okay well now she knows so
thanks a lot jackass yeah turtle Eliza's
happy end of all things rich and Karen
this is a drinkers day so as a non
drinker I am just chilling as well thank
you for streaming as an accountant this
is truly the beginning of the end for me
yeah the April is up until April your
life is going to be hell mid April don't
make rich angry says it's 10:00 a.m. in
2017 here marry fuck you it's January to
you all
we're ions they were that means
somewhere somewhere over taxes or Hawaii
is it earlier or later in Hawaii it's
earlier than earlier I don't know the
International Dateline without the
Pacific Pacific Ocean far away from as
many things as possible and it's not
straight even I mean they try to avoid
it being a try as much as they can to
avoid it being about it it's there
really much of a difference between any
Pacific in the Atlanta
I mean they're all fucking connected I
mean isn't it really just the ocean kind
of I don't know where they draw the
lines oh my god it's an Ewok
it's an Ewok statue that's up with bad
it's George Lucas know about this I'm
actually not sure what the frickin Ewoks
statue does you see an Ewok I look what
it looks like a monster with one eye to
me it looks like a cyclops hmm
or like one of those minions I seen I
see an e I can I get you what you're
talking about
yeah I definitely see an Ewok two ears
up top and then little eye nose that guy
up there that is totally Robin Williams
from Jumanji she talked to him I do look
at him look at that he does look at that
having Williams that's Robin Williams
Ranger hello don't mind me I just live
out here alone he kind of looks like
Charlton Heston as Moses DC Brady 133
says Happy New Year oh wow look at this
I could put a fire out and load it back
up
I have threw up and I am barely drunk I
hate tricking fuck this year already
fuck you it's January yeah oh yeah buddy
the children are you there i never
played around with one beer so much uh
teleportation it is there's like a
shortcut you can get you can get like
these little teleportation items develop
points straight to the woods teleport
straight to the beach oh that's what the
walk is oh okay
it turns steal shit well I'm using a
fucking tent you're trying to steal you
just you already put his fire out it's
already raining and cold you know how
hard that's gonna be start back up he's
freezing to death he's he's homeless in
the woods and you're turning out only so
much my choice though he seems like he's
like kind of like an old hermit yeah
recluse
a hermit and a crab nice kind of
friendly
all right down the stairs so what do you
think this takes you back to your farm
did you go south on the phone no not yet
now I'm thinking how do I get over here
excuse me I have to play with my pickaxe
or your axe or your scythe probably
would make sense to clear off a path to
that pathway south don't there's another
path down here that's an axe you're just
gonna fuck up your axe you can fuck up
your ex no oops it's not an axe either
that's a you can eventually think X is
the double thing yeah you can eventually
upgrade this stuff but you can also use
a pickaxe for I know I know it doesn't
seem like it makes sense but it happens
south and a little bit to your left so
before it gets nuts just start home left
basically you need to get down under
that leg that's where the pathway is you
need a stronger pickaxe that's the thing
that's gonna happen later you're in our
upgrade tools
oh no it's not my ex that's a hole the
Marlin says am I the only one looking
forward to seeing the new Resident Evil
movie are they still making those why go
on
yeah there's a hole woods down here over
here right that's that you don't have a
barn yet but this is where you can buy
animals they're closed right now that
they have College go put the cows know
you can put your own cows when you buy
them young lady leave her house alone
Leia lives on that little shack that's
down there then there's a wizard all the
way over to the left right I'm going
back north before I fall asleep I think
you get until 2:00 a.m. but yeah it's
probably best not the chanson I don't
want to be a I don't want to be taken
advantage of in my sleep
watch out you're running low on energy
that'll also make you fall asleep
where am i how do we get home I'm lost
in the woods
I don't even have any Jolt Cola you
found some coal excuse me I'm busy
passing out there we go no you didn't
find me so what do you think you
enjoying this yeah I just feel like
maybe pushing the wrong buttons I got it
you gotta get used to it okay I did the
same thing I did this have got like the
flapper buttons and the in the X Y a B
buttons and the what do you call this
directional flippy floppy analog stick
yeah direction what do you call
directional flippy floppy back in the
day when I was a wee one it was d-pad
just d-pad abd pads start and select
that's all we needed
that's all we wanted and we liked it
captain that pick a saying and
regardless of the new Resident Evil
Resident Evil the final chapter so maybe
it'll be the last one did do you
remember when like the the fourth or
fifth Friday the 13th movie was called
the final chapter do you remember that
have 30 thirty years ago yeah that
nobody believes in them then any any
series that gets to for more you don't
believe them when they say that that's
it Kirk says no the NES controller was
the worst see I know a lot of people
didn't like her they thought it was
uncomfortable but I thought it fit my
compared it here's what I'm going to say
Harvest Moon was she was pregnant I
sadly bought stardew valley when it came
out she and my daughter haven't touched
it and I think I'm saying about 20 hours
into it well we'll read that like
properly and not half-assed and mumbling
oh somebody just said my wife loved
playing Animal Crossing give him a wife
of worse versus a little 462 saira and
little nurse that I gots a little far
away so oh yeah that's closer wait where
is it though oh yeah uh so a very
excitedly broader stardew valley when it
came out she and my daughter haven't
touched this and I've sunk about 20
hours into it I assumed this daughter
isn't the daughter she was pregnant with
the daughters probably still too young
right notice it's it's a bizarrely
relaxing game you would probably also
enjoy some of the earlier harvest moves
have you played our played much animal
crossing first of all see I stopped
linking Harvest Moon once they started
making them like animal crossing CLE
came across because it's something new
every day like today it's like all kinds
of like New Year's Eve things and when I
go home I'm gonna or tomorrow I'm gonna
set back the clock so I can enjoy the
last of my you know New Year's Eve party
stuff that I'm missing right now because
I'm here but that's fine I'll just set
the clock alright so talking about the
controllers though that NES controller
was terrible I liked it
here's here's magical didn't like the
shape but here's what you gotta realize
about the NES controller what were
controllers like before the NES
controller you ever do you ever fuckin
use an Atari pad with that shitty
fucking analog stick and the one button
or the what was that the Atari 5600 with
it the two side buttons and that analog
stick that broke constantly and you
needed the NES invented the d-pad for
its time the NES controller was fucking
brilliant
why am I not able to get out of
brilliant wait I'm hidden it's X or and
then will I go like the Super Nintendo
came out they just they have the dot F
here but I mean I don't you have to
realize how fucking revolutionary that
NES controller was that deep end
what do you want leave me alone so I
know a lot of people didn't like the
rectangle yeah a lot of people didn't
like the rectangle I found it
comfortable but it may vary how you hold
it in what your hands are shaped like
and stuff if the rectangle doesn't work
for you and you want to use an NES
controller the dog-bone they call the
dog bone the rounded style controller
from the top loader might be an option
its same buttons except for ears Kirk's
is rich if the NES controller was so
brilliant why was the Famicom controller
at least rounded in its corners well so
was the NES top loader controller I
didn't have a freaking Famicon I didn't
live in Japan should've been robbed yeah
I guess but it's still not a terrible
control we're talking about the button
layout not the case shape and it's a
fucking quantum leap over what you had
before panels and knobs it was what you
had before the NES controller the d-pad
was fucking great nope my fishing pole
back so I can talk to this to the NES
come up before the sagermann Sega Master
System I'm pretty sure it did if it
didn't the Famicom probably did I want
to talk to this dude how do I talk to
this dude hey dude no
Oh aren't you the one who just moved in
I'm Maru I've been looking forward to
meeting you you know with a small town
like this a new face can really alter
the community dynamic it's exciting yeah
siberius if you if you love the atari
joystick so much i'm very happy for you
oh my god I'm very very happy for you
I had one I hated it I had I had the
Atari when I was a kid and I think it's
very telling that even though I grew up
playing an Atari I have absolutely no
nostalgia for the fucking system well to
be fair its games and it's got awful
controller to be fair and the Atari is a
joystick style controller and joysticks
make sense for certain kinds of games
you know what can you do with a joystick
well like pac-man it works better with a
joystick than with a d-pad pac-man yeah
you know you got the whole directional
thing going on happy and just fine with
the d-pad because you only have the it's
just up down left right there's no
sideways there's no diagonal I mean in
pac-man say I would rather play like
games that are like overhead like
pac-man with a like the NES advantage or
something with with it with a joystick
then with a d-pad
but that's just me and I am no kind of
expert stick is better for immersion oh
god I I'm assuming that's a joke and I
hope that's a joke because we're talking
about the entire age well I mean you
forget about the controller that you're
using I guess if he means that I mean
what you the controller becomes an
extension of your will of your mind
Oh a bar let's see what's in the bar
that someone vaguely like mad scientist
the controller becomes an extension of
your will of your mind no but I mean
like when a user just selves with the
machines and take over the world yeah
but like I mean like when I first first
got my first NES when I was like 13 okay
I was a little late to the party but I
remember it was very frustrated trying
to jump and I I pulled the controller
out of it out of the machine a couple of
times pulled the machine onto the floor
because I was trying to move the whole
controller because I was frustrated and
I was very concerned with what buttons
to push and how to move but after a
while you think about where you want to
go you don't have to think about how to
physically execute the move tree rock
creations just as rich joystick for
motherfucking tight fire here's the
thing that we're not I'm not talking
about like 90s era where you had some
good like it like a good proper flight
stick I'm talking about a shitty ass
Atari specifically an Atari 2600
controller versus an SD pad very
specifically we have a library can you
read it did you read books in it where's
libraries it's a library or bother I
remember what you said I was just hoping
I can never be sure I figured you were
joking though hey dude you have blue
hair
oh I can read it on your face you're
gonna love it here in Pelican town
they're saying you can go into the bar
no oh the bar opens at noon I guess that
makes sense
bars don't usually open early yeah oh
they're also open late she can go into
the bar later okay a lot of people like
to hang out at the bar it's a good place
to socialize in the game yeah okay
where's the bar a little bit north and I
think right of where you were up here
yeah that's what you're right you're
right oh yeah there it was miss Evelyn
down there hi Evelyn you look her yet no
why hello and welcome to our little
community Theory you can call me granny
if you like no that's just creepy let's
go to the bar
does your character get drunk
no maybe hello dude yes has the world
ended yet no but um I have faith that
2016 will end it all come on meteor
giant meteor for the win all right let's
see here Barty the barkeep doesn't want
to talk to me maybe if I go around the
other side
hey dude well hello there I'm Gus chef
and owner of the star drop saloon so all
the celebrities have died this year
backs how many of them have been like
active my bozo Sprint's been doing much
new stuff lately
why wouldn't I see any for this year no
his couple years ago two or three even
print George Michaels like what's he
been doing
I think they released a new album but I
don't know if that was just because he
died gene Wilder
he's wondering Cohen really well okay
better Cohen so of course he knew he was
I think he knew it was gonna be his last
like it's sad that these people are
dying I'm not saying that
what are we missing out on oh yeah I
mean Leonard's Leonard Cohen I would
have liked to of him oh cool
what's the spacebar which one space Alan
Rickman was act doesn't kind but we cut
an album right before he died huh right
oh yeah that's right I heard about that
oh yeah is the game within a game you
have a user right sick use the right
stick right stick oh you haven't seen
this before you play this game no no no
I just didn't realize this what you were
doing oh you move around while you do it
oh my god okay
am i dead yet
Kenny Baker yeah yeah they they replaced
him with a remote control like like 20
years ago
oh he was the little guy right yeah the
little person he was what are two or
something uh honey tea or both I believe
Anthony Daniels c-3po complained
bitterly then he didn't do anything like
especially lately they just put him in
the soup fried a shot it's not him boast
of the time because Anthony Daniels is
supposedly a huge prick yeah really so
the guy he kept the guy around for
nostalgia sake and and out of you know
is a tribute to his all the hard work he
did but he was physically no longer
capable of doing what he could do when
he was younger so here's here's a
question what were what was Star Wars
going to do with Princess Leia I don't
know are we are we missing out on the
reunion scene between Luke Skywalker and
his sister is that gone now was that was
that in the works that's a good question
I don't know now it's just gonna be the
sad scene where Luke hears news about
her dying in battle he gets to the base
with with Rey and he's going to expect
to see his sister for the first time in
ages and they're gonna say Leia was lost
in battle if they just CGI her like the
Battle of yeah I think noob and then
Luke's gonna be sad what if they just
CGI know is this a snake well they they
tried before they tried that road one it
looked terrible
oh yeah but young Carrie Fisher I hope
the main Star Wars movies have the good
sense not to do any of that
that fucking what was it Mose that movie
the Santa expressed the Polar Express
Polar Express well the police was like
almost 20 years ago now I think idea the
Polar Express if they had done it like
like claymation style would have been a
deeply charming movie it's a charming
story it's just like uncanny valley crap
is just weird crap ola unless Princess
Leia was gonna have a huge part in
Episode 8 if she was going to have a
huge part they're probably just going to
rewrite I don't know if they filmed yet
the letter tenses I didn't even realize
that target and Leia were CGI and rogue
one you're either blind or a liar
she filmed her part for episode 8
already in all caps all right all right
geez hopefully they didn't have much
there for her to do one nine nine geez
they might have to they might have to do
reshoots to get rid of some of the
scenes she was in if they had plans for
her in the last one and nine like as
last it's gonna be no last anymore
is there any advantage for staying on
the path that should get less tired if
she walks on the path and when she walks
in the grass what is there any advantage
to walking on the path as opposed to
walking like the grass no no you walk to
the grass no big deal
um ah sticking around
if they filmed her already and she dies
in episode 8 is it in bad taste to leave
her death scene in well me personally I
would say no but I could see why some
people might be weird about that what's
this where's the map how do I get home
I'm lost right and your farm your house
is always going to be in the upper right
okay that's just yeah let's go throw
stuff in my box of syllables you can't
just not have heard I know you could
just not mention her she doesn't appear
in this film
everyone everyone likes to pretend and
it is pretend that Star Wars is this
huge universe if it's such a huge
universe Leia can be somewhere else
while other stuff is going on she was
busy on the planet Compton Minh yard on
a mission with Odin Ploog she was having
an affair with Darth Maul to infiltrate
the base seven let's see where can I get
some seeds or something 720
she's Leia is not here right now she's
at the Senate what's the exclamation
point me pleading for assistance she's
at the Senate pleading for assistance
she has sent me as her messenger there's
things you can do without killing layout
the Star Wars universe is abuzz is uh
darkest the Star Wars universe is about
as vast as the ocean but shallow as a
puddle I agree I agree it's big enough
to hold whatever wins the card
scriptwriter feels like throwing at it
but there's not you're not building on a
solid your your building your house and
sand now they can do a whole lot of work
trying to plug in a foundation but I
think you're starting from sand are you
getting all biblical on us down yes I am
Peter you are my rock this Peter right
that's a reference to Peter Peter is the
rock that she will build this church out
isn't that the reference don't you be
saying that that some people build their
their houses on rock and some buildings
on sand and the sand gets washed away
yeah but Peter and the analogy Peters SS
he immediately said in Peter being his
rock I'm not sure why could be wrong I'm
not I'm not a fucking Bible scholar I
thought I was the reference the snow now
trick that that universe is a fucking
rock there's a lot of foundation in in
Trent there's a lot of depth can i plug
white cheddar popcorn simple truth
organic from Kroger you can do that
the shiznit throw I think it's time for
me to go to bed whoa I just pulled a
flower out out of nowhere I didn't even
see it
why do there's weird craters so that was
there like a meteorite landing where oh
all over the place it was a ground
texture you're psychic though because I
know at some point a meteor can't land
on your farm go to sleep for the night
sure why not
Oh Lord here we go with the Star Trek
says grumpy badger three what's wrong
with Star Trek and why can we talk about
Star Wars endlessly and not a Star Trek
why is that and I don't know that Trek
is just for nerds I don't know that any
of them are just for nerds there's
different depths of involvement I mean
if you're just casually interested lots
of people are just casually fond of
things taking it all the way from no
interest to obsession there's a wide
spectrum oh I got mail which I still
gotta read and I think I'm holding a
daffodil come on
to our value Jojo Mart customers our
team members have removed the landslide
caused by our drilling operation near
the mountain lake their little shady
aren't they these Jojo Mart people mmm
I'd like to remind you that our drilling
operation is entirely legal pursuant to
initial something else six one zero nine
one GOG Co amendment responsible
stewardship of the local environment is
our top priority we apologize for any
inconvenience this accident may have
caused and as always we value your
continued support and patronage Morris
Jojo customer satisfaction
representative Star Trek is for Nords
have have you have you taken a good look
at star wars fans have have have you
done that have have you done that have
you taken a good look at rich you bitch
you bitch whose side are you on
you're my favorite nerd whose side are
you on I love you in all your nerdy
glory
feet
all right at the bar no but 7:00 a.m.
can't hit the bar yet let's go see what
the sewer has to offer
so what was this other game that they
were gonna show you were gonna show me
undertale
are you ready for that yeah get in there
huh we're gonna switch to undertale
because why the fuck not then ever the
fuck I won that's what we're gonna do
I'm fuck we want
keyboard keyboard mouse check
