Episode 700
What's a Glittermitten (Part 1)
January 23, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uZX160699KQ
___________________________________________

we have no video we're working on it
we're working on it there's us and
there's the game hey we're gonna play
this glitter mitten Grove game that
people keep telling us about ah there we
go all right one more thing I need to do
real quick when do I think death is good
there's but very very few times I have
liked it when the protagonist has died
you can dig around and probably find one
Terminator - Arnold why didn't I didn't
care about Arnold in the first place cuz
he's just a machine I never I never
liked Arnold as the hero and Terminator
- oh really
yeah okay there's a lot of things to
like in Terminator 2 but I don't know I
mean that's fair that's fair
I'm just trying well that's now that
works I'm just trying to think nice job
John Connors kind of it obnoxious kid
not it's not the worst I'm not just
kidding the film ever but no and then
there's the robot was programmed okay oh
that's fair yeah the best character in
that is Linda Hamilton is Sara yeah you
see the Iron Giant yeah that was even
though he does he comes back but you
don't you don't know he comes away I'm
saying that that's that's an example of
a character we have grown to love
throughout the movie and and he does the
whole noble sacrifice thing well the big
one is the Wrath of Khan Spock sure sure
but you could even you can even argue
there that really Kirk tis kind of the
central protagonist of classic Trek cuz
Kirk Kirk Kirk goes away with a valuable
lesson about life and
and he finally Kirk finally faced death
and he goes on with that knowledge just
slightly changed sure he finally has to
face loss so still that's not the quite
the protagonist is dead that's kind of
just one of the protagonists is dead not
even the main one ultime sir you've got
a good you've got a good one
now again very much like Wrath of Khan I
Green Mile I need to see it
you don't think we've not seen Green
Mile oh well shit that's not even though
even though it's an old timey prison
movie made by the creators of Shawshank
Redemption
yeah Oh first of all you should fucking
see Green Mile but you know what I think
that sells a very Wrath of Khan where
where the the character who dies isn't
necessarily the main character yeah you
know gladiator yeah it's kind of okay
with it and gladiator like I said it's
not a hard every 100% role as a general
role
I don't like it when the protagonist
dies it was my own personal pet beef
sure I don't expect other people to feel
the same way about it
my problem with gladiator is the fact
that he fought the fucking Roman Emperor
in the gladiatorial arena that felt very
schlocky other than that it felt shonky
because it was like oh pardon me okay
look at our options here music sound
speech full screen great
we can't really know we don't have
anything okay
all right ler T accent an image that was
amusing but I can't share that because
it was it was a page from a comic book
or somebody that reminded them of me
okay
so well Holland jr. says rich what is
your favorite Roth like feel drying lol
slack my clock there's um I don't know
what the name of the blog is there's a
blog somewhere dedicated to just
anatomically analyzing Rob Liefeld
drawings and it's kind of great you know
what every once in a while there needs
to be a Rob Liefeld Andy and here's the
great thing about Rob Liefeld and if you
haven't if you don't know who he is he's
a comic book artist just Google Rob
Liefeld and do an image search of things
he is drawn mm-hmm and then here's a
great thing about Rob Liefeld fucking
anyone can be a comic book artist all
you got and successful a successful
comfort you know what all you gotta do
is keep doing it just keep doing it
until you get paid because if Rob
Liefeld can do it fucking anyone can do
it he's terrible Oh tickle moss how
about tickle much was this oh the name
the name of our village sure that's fine
take a loss doctor do Madhab says I saw
Row one with 11 friends and they all
loved it while I was bored for all the
reasons you named in half in the bag I
highly enjoyed Mike shitting all over
the fanboys and his ladies of Lincoln
ramblings
Rob Liefeld todd mcfarlane ruined comics
in the 90s arguably yes they did
strongly promote creator rights even
though even though at some point in time
Todd McFarlane did some hypocritical
things that shit on creator rights yeah
that's different issue he kind of ripped
off Neil Diamond with the character of
Angela okay yeah but anyway no Anand
didn't live felt like sue didn't he sue
the widow's Jack Herson
Jack Kirby for like so he could draw
Captain America knows life oh I think
yeah that's what I said I said farlan oh
I'm sorry yeah life felt like sued the
widows of Kirby and someone else so yeah
I Captain America yeah I something weird
happened with it wasn't Captain America
it was a Captain America like character
that Kirby also did okay
Kamin got Angela back and sold it to
Marvel Neil Gaiman created the character
of Angela was the angel and the spawn
topics
and then despite all of his creators
rights nonsense time to farland
basically stole Angela and then there
was some lawsuits with Neil Gaiman's who
apparently got the rights and sold at
the Marvel and that is that is an
amazing story
angela is now owes daughter
that's so weird Odin's daughter Thor
yeah yeah
that's so weird and wonderful all right
so what is this game so far it looks
like a like like a like a real time
strategy ish like I got to build up a
village thing so I send out my little
fairies here we built the sleeping Hut
and I'm gonna build a pantry and then
I'm gonna send them out here to cut wood
I think everyone knows what this game is
for for those who don't know the the the
word is out that apparently glitter
mitten Grove is frog fractions too
and so I'm ready are you ready for it
I'm ready I'm ready to experience so
just like frog fractions where the
people might not know I'm frog fractions
is so sure so but we know and I'm not
gonna pretend like I don't write because
that's dishonest
oh yeah so like right now this is very
just like resource management move make
my fairies roll around stuff site
Djali niala says I think fanboys have
such high expectations to love
everything Star Wars that their brains
literally can't process the film's being
bad it's like blind patriotism it cannot
take critique or reality you say it's
like blind patriotism I think it has
more to do with religion it's I think I
think the Star Wars fan talking about
Star Wars in the same parts of the brain
lights up as like the fundamental
Christian who insists that the earth is
only 5,000 years old they look for
things that uh if you had like a cat
scan machine and yes like Kent Hovind
who was a creationist guy like you know
how old is here it's 5,000 years old
this part of his brain would light up
dude you ask a Star Wars fan like what
do you think of the Phantom Menace oh
the Phantom Menace is the best movie of
all time do do it be the same section of
the brain I swear to god they need to
can't scan these people Grove jyggalag I
said specifically the prequels not rogue
one my opinion on rogue one isn't it's
the worst movie of all time like Mike
asked me how I would but score I would
give it and we don't usually do that I
thought his word question I said I don't
know 55 so I said 55 I like out of 100
and then Mike said well what if it
didn't have the Star Wars branding
attached to it I said Oh 40 usually yeah
40 so I don't think it's the worst thing
ever the characters are boring the end
if you don't really care about the Star
Wars universe it doesn't do anything for
you like I can't take the Death Star
serious like all these people are dying
to stop the super weapon that tried to
blow up the teddy bear planet again I
can't take those I can't take those
those
gut-wrenching deaths that seriously
because it's it's the fucking dead star
it's it's it's goofy it's inherently
goofy I got you have Saving Private Ryan
with stormtroopers hey I don't get it
personally yeah
oh well there we go
well I get this traitor I think I think
if you're not a Star Wars fan ro1 does
absolutely nothing for you
most people are Star Wars fan and the
movies doing great so there you go
Hey
insolent King 2016 so I grew up with the
stranger-danger corny the alien series I
am now a medical doctor to this day I
remember that
Hakuna Matata is our family codeword and
I was only to trust people who said it
oh come on late or do your shit why
can't I see shit for the record I would
have scored row one like a 55 I probably
would've scored the force awakens like a
a 65 67 oh wow yeah this is why you
don't you can't do scoring yeah you know
it's like there's just so different I
know
hey guess late
I had enough food shit shit rich rich
zealot is a zealot whether it's Star
Wars religion or patriotism maybe I want
to do a cat scan to find out though if
the same portions of these people's
brains light up when they talk about the
insane things they're fanatical about
that's all I'm curious about
rich is jaded which is why I like I
slobber Oliver XCOM with loved Star Trek
ignore the things I love because they're
not the same things that you love please
please keep doing that remember how I I
got really passionate when talking about
how I lost my ex come let's soldier that
next time run like two or three missions
before the end oh how passionate I got
excited you can still talk really
passionately and excitedly about like
things that you enjoy and not enjoy Star
Wars that much not computer look like
XCOM 2 is a toy that's a that's a game
the children playing you can you can get
excited about that right yeah yeah I can
I can but you're jaded you're right
you're a jaded not nothing like the
jaded adults who slobber all over rug
ones just because of dark ingredients
got the fourth dark paper oh my god the
people like they Burridge they fucking
John Vader he put the guy on the feeling
with the far did he use his joke thing I
remember his fourth joke thing
do you remember Jen Jen remember no Jen
Jen sent me some budget she's a girl no
question about Jen here she's a girl let
me ask another question about you in
here when the she has a daddy
she is daddy and vertigo Jenna and you
know what she's jaidynn you see that
means she has no value was a human being
she's jaded what uh what do you suppose
like but like later in the movie she's
the one giving all the speeches all the
hopes that's right oh yeah well
where did that come from where the fuck
did that come from and why was she front
and center this vagabond that they only
rescued because she had some vague
connection to a person they actually
didn't care about right is now giving
the pep talk to all of the head honchos
for the rebellion and I'm just sitting
there going why the fuck is she doing
what is she doing this why are they why
are they listening to her also what
she's like she's also like this super
like when we first meet Jen o as an
adult she's like in a prison camp right
and she's working with like the
rebellion that's not even working with
the rebellion she's a she's she's like
out there right and that's supposed to
be her character oh but we're like
remember when she saves a little girl
it's like oh no so she'll risk her own
life to save other people's life already
so so shit I guess I guess she just does
not have a character arc so whatever
this is boring characters they're just
boring like I agree oh they died oh I
guess they died to stop the goofy planet
killing superweapon but that's important
and it's not goofy because we like Star
Wars and it's and so this is serious
business
serious business here rich the Death
Star plans are serious business what I
planted a seed didn't I
it's exactly as important as the
soldiers who died taking Normandy it's
exactly as important as that yes I agree
I agree rich why didn't I plant this
before I did I had to wait those
we have to remember the sacrifices those
fictional characters made the stop the
fictional weapon there we go rich please
tell Jack to start using fireworks to
dig straight down oh can I do that you
know what first of all fuck you I am
building a village here look at my
fairies are collecting food and shit how
about how about this how about you
settle the fuck down
my fairies of building shit I'm gonna
build another thin berry bush
boom build it we're collecting food
yes Gemini 3 says rich are you telling
me why you chat you name too many things
that's good but it's also bad oh how do
we get Sparkle
okay how do we get Sparkle oh great how
do I collect Sparkle you tell me that a
series with Death Star star destroyers
and laser swords is goofy that's exactly
what I'm saying but my point is I've
heard a lot of people talk about how
this lets us know how important it was
and the sacrifices these people made to
get the Death Star plans and that's why
rogue one is a good movie because we get
to see how serious this one that's what
I'm commentating on I'm fine with the
goofiness Star Wars the original trilogy
it's a fine it's a great fun adventure
film Star Wars is a great movie Empire
Strikes Back is a really fucking great
movie and return the Jedi was an
adequate conclusion when it needed to be
I'm done with it after that like I've
heard someone made a comment like didn't
even know what they think Star Wars
should do next and I do not speak for
anybody but me when I say this I
definitely don't speak for Mike I
probably speak for James I don't think J
gives a shit but me personally I don't
think they need to do anything the Star
Wars made they told those stories 40
years ago
yeah they were good you don't need to
drag the corpse around trying to trying
to return a simple adventure story into
an expansive universe was never meant to
be that it was never designed to be that
they never cared about how the universe
worked together or what the politics
meant it was never meant to be a
cohesive universe it was meant to be his
Luke Skywalker he becomes the Jedi hero
he fights the monster and he beats the
Empire's have happy fun time right they
told that story and it's done it's done
make a few video games it's fine okay
now I have sparkles plant firework
it takes a long time to get to frog
fractions you need to start digging now
shut up how about that cuz eighths part
oh I don't have enough sparkles I don't
have enough sparkles
none of us says hey rich and Jack did
you ever hear that Walt Disney hired a
gangster suppressed a labor union on his
lot that I have never heard that I have
heard their white slavers Oh some white
slavers or what kind of slavers wasn't I
believe it was just white slavers
slavers is what I'm George Lucas said
about Disney because they wouldn't let
him play with the toys that he sold for
four billion dollars using more space
how do I get crystals evil Lord David
says hey Jack
hi David popping in David I missed you
dearly while you were gone
you're like a fatherly comforting stream
deity the yin to riches yang are we any
closer to a Knights of the oval public
stream no they might have one of these
days oh I'm really happy you guys miss
me I missed me and I'm very thankful
that rich did some solo streams while I
was gone they all missed you they all
missed you I appreciate it
a significant number of the missed you a
few one or two David knows there was
some missing you going on just David and
some other guy oh okay oh I just built a
wait what are these things I'm glad I'm
you know I'm glad I'm back vacations are
nice vacations are super okay so wait
now I can make a firework firework
this
we I did it yeah I planted a firework
good good eunbi under says brave heart
Romeo and Juliet Turner and hooch the
prestige Philadelphia leaving Las Vegas
dancer in the dark oh by the way have
you seen di TD what I don't understand
that
o dancer in the dark well no no bad why
are those those are don't have question
marks buy them those those are all
movies in which people die o dancer in
the dark I have seen and I did not think
of it you're a dear and you're
absolutely correct dancin darks great
dancin dark is beautiful is a beautiful
haunting movie never been a fan of Romeo
and Juliet they're just dumb kids braver
yeah that's thinking it works there I've
never been a a comically huge Braveheart
fan it's a good movie like I said this
is not a 100% I hate it 100% of the time
it's as a general rule I kind of don't
like it the protagonists dead
specifically the protagonist yeah
there's a main character we're following
in that character gets killed off I
typically don't like it and Braveheart
would count as that yeah the prestige
okay oh I missed the treasure chest come
on I wanted to shit I know what happens
in the prestige I've never seen it and I
know I need to I've never seen the
procedure I know what it's about
and it's great turbo
maestro Chesto says hello if I
understand correctly rlm was a
work-for-hire video production company
do you still do that at the side or is
it 100% YouTube related stuff now thanks
for all of your wonderful work yeah
right now it's pretty much 100% YouTube
videos review stuff back back and back
in the day there was red-letter weddings
way back in the day occasionally filmed
like a seminar for somebody or something
like that yeah that's that's pretty much
gone
store food just collect sparkles
way back on it yeah I know and and me
myself I still do that stuff I'm
actually I'm working on now that the new
year started new things have settled
down a little bit I'm working on a
couple projects one possibly Super Bowl
related which I'm very excited about not
because I care about sports at all but I
just means traveling and I enjoy
traveling so all right collect those
sparkles motherfuckers
oh here we go I want I really fucking
want this treasure chest but I don't
want to blow up my tree you know I think
you just need to focus on going down
jack but this treasure chest will have
shit in it it said it said the treasure
chest have shit in it I just need like a
aerial you do it you you do you Jack you
do you trader to Z trader tot scene
should we have this before trader to z
SH trader to Z trader disease that's how
it's supposed to be pronounced okay
finally I am NOT exhausted when you
start streaming okay welcome so now you
get a bunch of tips yeh from some fucker
who wants your opinion on games you
don't give a fuck about also Happy New
Year thank you thank you vice versa man
says in 2016
P rec got to chat with the creators of
some of your favorite games ex comment
Isaac respectively true how cool is that
Congrats any hopes plans resolutions for
2017 lol forced my salamander what your
salem and important for sit for sure man
yeah there was a forest salamander in
star wars rate that expansive universe
that they nuked do we have any plans or
resolutions for 2017 oh we just got a
fucking wing it like we always do I mean
we're gonna wing it like we always do
we're gonna wing it like we always do
there's nothing up the rich before the
stream that we might give a go at
something new video wise which I would
be interested in personally just because
it's always oh oh shit
apparently you can't put shit on the
edge
we were talking about doing a thing
right before you hooked
and you were gonna think about it what
if I told you I forgot about it
you did not think about it at all didn't
think about it okay oh wait wait I know
what thing you're talking about now okay
I do think about it you know all right
well keep thinking keep thinking about
it keep thinking about it how about this
is one of those Yaya nurses StarCruiser
go crash yeah yeah that thing you said I
think that was like a that said that
sounds to me like a Star Wars thing
doctor base thing go boom boom kind of
this is how it works
dr. doom it up says I recently started
blood-borne as a Dark Souls veteran I
love the areas and fast combat but
fiercely hate the bosses all the
screaming and jumping any motivations to
keep me going
lol a stepladder I like the bosses and
blood-borne I mean it's a lot of
screaming but you know it's that's in
theme i I don't I don't really have any
motivations to keep you going I had I
mean this is just kind of personal
preference I mean I think me and Jack
both agree that we like the ambience of
blood-borne more yeah the whole
Lovecraftian kind of village II Goffe
thing is kind of more interesting to us
personally than the medieval stylings of
Dark Souls agree that's that's largely
cosmetic yeah I also you know also the
gunplay gunplay versus shoes I mean I'm
mostly a melee guy anyway I didn't use
the gun much oh really
I use the blunderbuss which didn't have
much range on it because I just wanted
to stagger is it's fair
hey someone gonna pick up this
motherfucking treasure ladies hello so
you don't like direct control over them
well like I can tell the chopping wood
and I can tell them to build shit but
apparently I can't tell them to pick up
0:05 food Oh apparently I needed to
click on that another mother fuckin
paintin
captain Waller says I really like the
rich solo streams TM but prereq is best
with both yin and yang thanks guys what
the hell are you playing what does this
call litter glitter mitten Grove yes we
are playing glitter mitten Grove which
if you don't know and haven't been been
paying attention it's a fairy game it's
a fairy game if you don't know what
haven't been paying attention this is a
fairy in Jason then just go with it this
is what I'm saying it's a resource
management game so I control this group
of fairies glitter mitten Grove what's
my what's my save you know we haven't
saved in a while tickle moss tickle Moss
is my is my town okay built a new pantry
that's great
and so you know basically they said
winter is coming
so I really I've been working on food
storage because I said that's gonna be
the biggest issue is you know make sure
you have plenty of food for all your
fairies I've housing to make sure that
my favorite sleep I can check on him
here sleepiness maybe I need to build
another house because they're sleeping
this meter is starting to get a little a
little nuts
wellhow and junior says rich
have you ever mentioned to Mike how
George Lucas ripped off Jack Kirby's of
the New Gods for Star Wars I don't know
enough about the New Gods to have a very
long conversation about it I have heard
of this all I really know about the New
Gods that's similar is that the the hero
of the New Gods Orion is the son of
Darkseid the villain I know that it's
not the new gods but it's another Jack
Kirby creation I've heard that Darth
Vader is basically doctor doing oh yeah
yeah interesting
I mean but like the original Star Wars
stuff is so trophy by design you know
but it's kind of ripping off supposedly
it's kind of ripping off Kirby
specifically oh yeah yeah okay I don't
know enough like I said I don't know
enough about the New Gods to really have
much of a conversation about that though
build my shit fairies do good and
sparkle gems mine it by blasting holes
that's what I need to work on now I just
need to work on mining my food I got
good food storage I have seven fairies
no work of art exists in a vacuum
everything is inspired or influenced by
something that came before it it's
absolutely true which is you're a wise
wise man sorry jack your new trees and
your fairy trees and the fairy forest
because some people what I'm doing here
you know like oh oh here we go here's
some Jamie's the fairy fairy fairies
with the fairy fairy you're doing the
fairy I'm working on now is is a I'm low
on crystals and so I'm going to try to
blast my way into some more crystals
here here we go like like Superman is
supposedly ripping off the story of
Moses oh sure sure orphan sent them the
river by his parents adopted by somebody
else raised in a different culture and
because Moses yeah becomes the hero yeah
I could see that I like it Jewish
creators oh yeah
which is why which is which makes the
Zack Snyder Jesus imagery so much
weirder
because Superman is very much Moses
inspired and he was created by two
Jewish dudes you know Superman is a
Jewish immigrant and yes Moses ripped
off Gilgamesh I mean that's these things
are all pulled on everyone remember that
time that Moses kills half of Metropolis
but you remember remember that time that
time Moses killed half the Roman arms
during that time that in the Moses story
God killed off half of Egypt with flames
and frogs it's all there right I also
remember the parting of the water and
Moses shut it up on the Roman army
killing them all fuck man
you drop the fucking River on the sea it
was a seed drop the red city on the
Roman army a mother father a Gyptian
you know what that story jumps around so
much as it is okay back to it I feel I
feel good so far with my with tickle
moss or exploring I'm worried about
fairy housing that's my big concern
right now oh that's right people had the
Moses head of his own people killed when
they started worshipping Baal who was
the who was the calf they don't hang out
that wasn't ball wasn't oh I don't know
the name it just know that I know the
Jews kept wanting to worship Baal and
then bad things would happen to them
that's that's a good portion of the
Bible and then went back to worship and
gob and then later and they started
worshipping Baal again and then oh god I
think God did something horrible always
you know always going with Baal come on
that works well they weren't killed they
were punished okay okay I take it back
I don't that ball just a calf okay
that's all I knew it is shit man I don't
know nothing about nothing but the Jews
did occasionally start worshipping Baal
instead of God and then God will get mad
that's that's a large part of the Old
Testament it happens repeatedly
renegade renegade akira says renegade
Kira I guess the east part of renegade
and then Nvidia tends to the renegade so
renegade Kira and that renegade renegade
Kira yeah I'm gonna get Kira says hey
guys I there's an animated Justice
League dark movie coming out this month
sure is Constantine's antenna Etrigan
and swampthing together at last
have you seen the other DC animated
movies I haven't seen a lot of this
straight-to-dvd ones I mean I've seen a
lot of the the DCAU stuff from the TV
shows but I haven't seen many of their
straight-to-dvd
and I know some of its really good I
just I haven't seen him
vadoma says George Lucas gets to take a
four billion payout make movies live in
a beautiful ranch and hand that head of
hair some guys get all the luck honestly
that's true it's gorgeous
fucking true it's gorgeous oh shit oh
winters here how much that money should
have given to John Williams I'm sure
John Williams made enough money and the
fucking art designers that's who that's
who deserve the money yeah yeah the look
of Star Wars but that kind of yeah it's
high-tech stuff but it looks used and
beat-up that's such a great look how
much money did his wife get in the
divorce for re-editing a new hope and
creating the franchise she's the only
one who got properly compensated fucking
right fucking right and she deserved
that much and more for making that man
trainer dazeem says watch the last Jesus
shut up already very fun like best of
the worst with game but maybe next might
want to try game that don't want to make
you kill real people rather imaginary
xenos like Dawn of War 2 or just sick of
just shut up I think I don't know I like
just shut up already it leads to a lot
of butthurt that's true like I'm sure
I'm getting enough shit for not loving
Star Wars right now
nearly as good a job as I wanted it to
hey that one oven just Alex 64 says I
get what you're saying about the Star
Wars universe being very limited every
time I try to come up with a good Star
Wars that doesn't revolve around super
weapons and rebels I just think Trek
could do this better it's very true it's
very true Star Wars rebels and rebels
and stormtroopers and lightsabers that's
all they can do the foundation of Star
Wars was I want to do a super simple
adventure story wasn't Orion I have an
idea for this universe I'm really into
the details of how this universe works
and how it came to be with even how it
functioned basically basing it off of
the serials that were archetypal
characters like that's how he built the
universe so why is anyone surprised that
the universe you can try and turn that
into a universe it's gonna take a lot of
fucking work yeah I explained this in a
different stream there they're building
on sand the foundation is sand
so they've got to make a Star Wars
universe that's interesting and they're
effectively starting from scratch all of
all of Star Trek was like fifty years of
actually episode by episode building a
universe mm-hmm
Star Wars doesn't have that yeah
whatever whatever Star Wars is veered
off of stormtroopers and rebels it's
been a disaster you get the you got the
fucking prequels that was their attempt
at expanding the universe we will show
how their politics work and I'll go
gangbusters don't you think oh yeah it
wasn't competently done I've made the
argument that Star Trek the space
politics all the time and it's actually
really interesting and engaging we have
to deal this ethical dilemma we need to
move the people because this planet's
unstable and the star is gonna blow up
but they won't leave the sacred relic on
the planet and we can't make them go
because it's against our prime directive
we can't forcibly move them that's a
Star Trek story and it's all about like
politics and it would work they would
make it work try to do that with Star
Wars they did try to do that mr. Hurst
build my shit fairies
Star Trek and G is pretty boring what
Star Trek ng that's oh they forgot the
tea oh well then you're just wrong I
don't care right yeah we're welcome to
your opinion
I completely personally disagree and I'm
gonna say they're not even welcome to
their opinion thank you fuckin wrong
like how does that feel to be so wrong
man I guess you're used to it at this
point though they have lightsabers it
doesn't have lightsabers you're right I
want a fucking lightsaber that way you
know what that would probably hurt man
I'm just putting that out there that's
gonna hurt
better find the most efficient firework
London Fleck since Key says rich don't
confuse bad filmmakers with a limited
universe then then what way is starlike
know we've already been through this
with with the expanded universe that was
already crashed that does it when to
trust when have they done it right if
it's not limited where have they done it
right and and if you name by the way if
you name like oh this one books gonna be
no it's gonna be the Old Republic which
I haven't played oh sure that's what
it's gonna be it's gonna be that one
thing they're gonna name one thing out
of a thousand attempt I know I know it
if you're batting one out of a thousand
you fucking suck putting that out there
but I haven't played it I can't comment
on it I just know everything I've seen
Star Wars that wasn't the original
trilogy has typically been pretty bad
and and some of the few times it's
worked for me outside of the original
trilogy has been in an action game when
you're shooting at the things that's fun
but as you said isn't that the same
thing isn't that the same of TNG very
few of the TNG stuff if you include
everything is bad I'm trying to
understand what you're saying their
thing is worded weirdly oh no I think
that was my argument is well they're
batting one out of a thousand and so
they're saying isn't that true about
Star Trek The Next Generation and no I
think there's no TNG is largely except
for season one
Tiberius Kirk now I'm with you Kirk I
don't think ones that bad I don't think
was that bad except for season one
TNG is pretty rock-solid with the
occasional oddball all right we're not
talking Voyager here we're not talking
the boys are yeah batting very low we're
talking the next-gen which which has
decent odds TOS is good T and G is good
Deep Space nine is good voyagers bad
enterprise's bad right but Trek has some
some it's proven to be a good universe
and you know what original series not
many seasons right three yeah three
seasons how many see how many great
seasons of the next-gen did we get five
great seasons well okay and how many
goods well the glass seasons the last
thing the first seasons I think bad yeah
bad two mediocre at best and then the
last season you get a lot of mediocre
okay with some bad but we get some good
in there but you get on hold five solid
great seasons
some people say - I think season 2 of
actually of TNG is actually really good
some of my favorite episodes of T&G; come
from the second half of season two first
half of season two there's a lot of
climbing out of the muck of season one
but I think by the time you get to the
second half of season two it's really
starting to kick in
food season 2 was junk the doctor was
just ugh
oh no Pulaski was great crusher is
boring as fuck dr. Pulaski Pulaski had a
thing she had some fire in her belly she
had something she didn't like and Royce
he didn't like teleport and she was
great here things I'm okay with crusher
I don't care Beverly she's just boring
she seems like a soap opera doctor yes
I'm a doctor
doo doo doo doo doo doo I say doctor
thing unconvincingly I'm hot which is
I'm kind of hot has compared to other
people on this show I'm kind of hot and
it's actor doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
doo hey we got to here to my fairies are
all gonna die how's their hunger hungry
Pulaski was bones ish and I'm okay with
that says Kilroy mix Spurlock yeah thus
the bones got along just fine with Kirk
Pulaski wasn't afraid to get all up in
Picard's face when she didn't agree with
him and that was good that was a good
thing but she wasn't hot he was old I
don't know they're not saying that I'm
saying that I'm pulling that out of my
ass okay I will I will defend dr.
Pulaski from season two goddamn it I I
think black sees all right she had her
things you know she had her things
little rules gotta build a palace I can
build a palace
I need some motherfucking Oh oh good we
got some food back now great what is
your favorite episode of TNG probably
sick of me saying it who watches the
Watchers we're the primitive Society
that kind of Moken like like proto
Vulcans but they don't know anything
about space travel or anything they're
just like thinking he's still got bows
and arrows and whatnot
yeah and then they accidentally see like
a federation outpost that's studying
them and they think it's gods and Picard
has this old dilemma where the fact that
they saw Starfleet personnel is making
them like it's creating a religion yes
uh Picard religion and he's trying to
put a stop to it I'm a member that is a
great episode it's dying from lack of
the light what oh oh this oh oh okay
wait we can take care of it you can take
care of that
but speaking of sci-fi do you enjoy the
Outer Limits at all says the master mm
I've never seen much of the Outer Limits
but I'll tell you this much I love the
old black-and-white Twilight Zone oh
yeah
classic fucking show the Twilight's fuck
yeah everybody loves the Twilight Zone
anyone who says they don't love the
Twilight Zone can go ahead and get
fucked that's what I say
it's my thoughts on the Twilight Zone
see people are talking about all these
they're having arguments all these great
fucking TNG episodes it was a solid show
watching all good things finale oh fuck
yeah that's how you and shit that's how
you fucking Shane of command
Picard gets tortured by the car - yep
yep so many good episodes
keep building my shit fairies okay let's
get caught up y'all
commit Sein 120 says hello jack and rich
I have have either of you seen
Trainspotting
if so thoughts on the sequel coming out
next month also what movies are you
looking forward to in 2017 Thanks yeah
I've seen Trainspotting that that's
required viewing if you're a someone
who's into film in high school you're
not super a movie guy I know I know
that's the weird thing with me hey
you're very you're very clever about
movies which makes it surprising that
you're not really a movie guy I'm June
laid back I don't go out of my way to
see things frequently like it's
depressing Lee I had to practically be
forced to watch Fight Club like I'm
saying I was all I was almost dragged in
that one kicking and screaming I fucking
love it it's one of my favorite movies
of all time like I don't want to watch
that I don't feel like it
same with Evil Dead - no maybe yeah I
got really good I really have nothing
better to do tonight all right I'll
watch evil then - oh my god that's great
yeah I know it's gonna be the same thing
when I see Deadpool which I still
haven't seen it took me a long time to
watch Brandon you did take your long I
don't know what it is with me I am odd
like that
movies were looking forward to I just
brought a mine looks good you know the
first Peter Parker I'm screened Peter
Parker I've liked some a little bit
looking forward to that yeah I'm
surprised for that I don't know I I
barely like sometimes I forget that a
movies coming out like you know the
preview came out I'm million years ago
and you just forget so I'm sure there's
a movie that I'm looking forward to that
I just can't remember at the moment
Austin Technicolor says Jack may I
recommend a very good documentary that
just came out that an old friend of mine
worked on sure it's called tawa and it's
about the University of Texas sniper
back in 1966 fascinating story yeah I
don't know about Jack I'm interested
yeah cuz that's a good story
send it our way yeah are you familiar
with the incident I enjoy documentaries
one of the first mass shootings in the
u.s. guy what nuts
they actually he requested the autopsy
his brain because he knew something was
wrong with him he ended up having like
some kind of tumor in his brain and they
think it was making him like super
aggressive really but who'd he kill I
think it was just white his wife and his
mother or something like that he killed
like his wife and his mother they took a
sniper rifle and ammo and he went to the
I think was where wasn't am I gonna stay
in that he says Anna yeah in the
University of Texas okay he climbed up
on the top Clocktower
uh-huh and he was like a trained sniper
and he just started picking people off
from range and they could not get close
to him he was a fuckin sniper he was
like sniping at the cops and their way
up the tower they had to they had to
like dodge bullets on their way up to
the top of the fucking tower to murder
this guy that's crazy that's crazy
I love documentaries then he killed his
whole family after writing a letter okay
it's like it's like one of the first
mass shootings at least famous ones in
the US I mean it sounds like a great
documentary subject isn't that great -
who are we talking about I can't
remember his name I'll know it when I
hear it I can't remember his name you
look up you like a Texas sniper in that
year he'll come up
Charles Whitman that's it thank you
thank you Chad Charles Whitman judge
frowny-face in the shop with the name
with the with the save the documentary
is called tower I don't know about Jack
I am totally looking that up great I
love documentaries there's way too many
there's way too many good movies to
watch I think he I think like he got
like an extra murder like decades after
the fact somebody eventually succumb to
a womb they had during the incident but
I was like 30 years later they died of
complications well he's got another one
right I think I think they were on
dialysis they got shot like the kidney
they were like I'm dialysis and
eventually they're like you know take me
off dialysis I'm done yeah I'm done and
then they died and he got another kill
on his record he shot a pregnant woman
for the belly killed the fetus she lived
I think he shot the she shot he shot her
belly and then the father yeah it's
horrible and fascinating I found out
something was actually we're just wrong
with his brain I had a tumor
I found a doorway I'm going through the
doorway rich hey rich
text world I found the next layer I
found the next layer move hold Q and W
punch yourself I don't know I don't
necessarily want to go back to fairy
world
so can you even I don't well o punching
yourself resets you see a message here
enter read message to my forehead enemy
ahead message reads butts question mark
butts butts got it you found in our I
think there's some kind of symbol the
message reads weakness Dao de vivre the
VIS yes got it I found it I found a
thing
yes I am Keita I lock the store all
right cyan 1 cyan key I think touch em
don't be a pussy you found a gym ok the
gems they're not keys of gems listen in
text world I don't know nothing
this is 6th world alright did rich sound
a little bit too excited about that
shooting because it's a documentary
about an incident I found fascinating
and oh I get to get new information I
get new food for my brain
what what is going on is it like a door
yes it's like a gateway into like a
church area but your way is blocked by
water yeah around no sight which lady
when should I read chat what should I
read down tipster should I just hold off
for a while
should we should we what I'm saying is
should we delve into fraud fractions and
put the sun'll yes yep good I'll get to
these things eventually but for right
now we're frog fractioning it we just
hit it we did the game just got real I
know it took me a while with glitter
glitter mitten Grove but I made my way
down at my own pace thank you very much
Chad we just wanted me to dig dig dig
dig probably would have been the smart
thing to do
hey this is this is unfolding at the
pace I don't those look like lasers yeah
yeah that's gonna kill me or maybe I'm
not this is fraud fractions that could
be part of a puzzle
good luck and good luck got it nope
can you just hold the key down to
Professor yeah you're gonna do that and
up okay what happens if you hold down in
I mean right hand left hand up right
hand up in the scanner right now yeah
how was it boom
you found a Liberty blue so I got I got
two blue booty bloops now
so there's blocking your way what are
those dire shrubs
I guess now it doesn't matter if I die
right does it save oh I still got the
thing I'm fine oh okay apparently I
don't have a sword so I go into the
Zelda cave here that's what I'm supposed
to do welcome to the txt World character
creator please choose a face color
licorice blueberry pie with Linda meadow
lapis lazuli pomegranate lilac
cappuccino rain storm that would be me
moonlit walk key lime pie vanilla
vanilla snowflake important pass effect
I wonder if I had one on this computer
it would do something funny do it do it
I don't have one on here but it's
looking for one I don't think you can
see this you can't see this a window
popped up that's asking us for a folder
for an actual Mass Effect to say okay
that is actually asking us you can
actually import one that is great I'm
just gonna cancel it looks for a safe I
don't have one I just cancelled I
haven't touched Mass Effect 2 since Mass
Effect 3 came out
I I'm good what does it look like I
really got I would love to know download
one online we can download one to see
what it does
everyone wants us to download one and
this is the fun frog fraction stream
Jack I said we find one how do you find
one I'm one go online just say download
Mass Effect 2 save there's a website
dedicated to them is it true yeah well
because at the time there was the
illusion that your choices would have
consequences sure so people upload
gameplays where they did different
things save these people killed those
people this person's dead this person's
alive
save those plans this will really matter
in the third one nope nope that's effect
to say by the way there's the website is
Mass Effect 2 saves dot yeah I'm just
familiar with it we played Mass Effect 2
so you don't have from from back in the
day yeah well while you're doing this
how do we yeah I think go to the bottom
can you click actually go up a little
bit can you go up can you click on like
those things those private links I don't
know that it matters what the hell one
you do you figure it out I'm just gonna
read yeah but I don't know I don't know
what I mix the Lyman I don't think it
really fucking matters yeah for frog
factions to I don't think it really
fucking matters just find one okay I'm
downloading a Mass Effect to save okay
jelly nyla says hey rich sorry this has
been asked before but what in your
opinion is the most overrated episode of
TNG and which is the most underrated
episode I would take some thought it's
very overrated I really think of any
all right if you go by the actual
definition of overrated and not the
butthurt it's really terrible
lol definition I might argue the best of
both worlds
not that it's a bad episode by any means
it's a really good episode I just don't
think it's that as good as he gets
critted for who it's fine it's great I
was a great episode one of the best in
the series I'm just saying we're talking
about overrated that's the closest I can
come up to something that I would say is
overrated but that doesn't mean I think
it's bad bite any means so says welcome
back
commander Jade Shepherd okay so you get
a name it's good to be back and
apparently now I have a different
colored face okay so that was nice
that's why I said it didn't matter okay
as far as most underrated I can't think
of any off the top of my head I'm sorry
I'm sorry
first contact well yeah but that's not
an episode first contact is a movie and
it's very much overrated because it's
terrible that actually is terrible be
wary of entrance music it's a dumb
action movie all right back to front
fractions to glitter glitter stream
gladder gum you can't carry any more
gems Jack spend gems can you is this a
shot
what happens if you walk up with a thing
at the top it's a bowl full of wicker
balls you need a green pea down like
this okay I have I have a lot of gems I
have no keys
you found some orange soapstone try
jumping run around and pay attention to
the right see if you see on the right
where it's got your things you can do as
you're just walking around let's pay
attention to see if like a jump shows up
as an option I'm like a one random
special square I can write a message
using orange soap spots see a message
here jumping ahead
try jumping
how else would you jump besides jr. the
spacebar why else would you jump now
what else would you jump with mentioning
if you do it could be a
context-sensitive
Enter
the Twisted Sister and hey but I can't
care anymore Jones I wonder if they
blocked you all for gems on purpose
yeah well they did you know they did
okay okay I think we're that's got to be
it we're coming blocked off with gems
that maze yeah but I mean I had to pick
up gems just to go down the path you
know oh you know what I bet if I go back
here what's that up top of the music
note oh you can't you can't even know
I'm stuck down here thank you
I can't jump I can write a phrase that's
the only thing I can do is I can write a
phrase somewhere someone's saying you
can shoot the gems I don't have a gun I
don't think maybe this is a random key I
don't the button that doesn't you know
found yeah turbo Jesus 5000 says hi
chumps right keep up the great work
domestic dinosaurs became commonplace in
the future what species would you want
to spend
oh if if domesticated dinosaurs became
vibrant company species you want us bad
rich you're not allergic to feathers are
you well something small it's not
realistic to have a pet Tyrannosaurus
you know those little chicken sized ones
that fucker told me it was too dangerous
to go by here without a sword and I said
fuck it you did that was an option well
I just walked on to me
all right what's up black by red door
motherfuckin pushing crates like a
motherfucker trader dazeem says funny
thing about me talking about Donna war -
you found a pair of autocorrect skates
great when I first heard the campaign
was not RTS was very disappointed pink
Fanta wanna but then I tried it and had
a lot of fun smashing xenos solid action
role-playing game maybe I'll try it
eventually but I've got a glut of games
I need to play and I'm also haunted by
old games that I like replaying such as
XCOM 1 & 2 & doom that's my problem
be wary of liar enemy ahead enemy ahead
what you hit a thing and it warped you
back there I threw a skill throw a gem
into the you did yeah into the pond so I
can get rid of my gems just this pond
just wait for PDF world I'm throwing all
sorts of gems into the pond okay well
how one jr. says minor nitpick on past
episodes you mentioned how Frank Miller
brought Batman back to its dark roots
when it was really the denny o'neil
slash Neal Adams era that did it in the
70s best Batman era well I would say
Frank Miller made it popular but maybe
I'm wrong I've been wrong multiple times
and yeah no credit to Danny O'Neil and
Neal Adams damn fine artist Neal Adams
faster using it and you can open this
denny o'neil that's where you got Ra's
al Ghul yeah yeah
you'd figure this out you figure the SOB
sorry Chen says oh there's a box of 2.5
Layton's for both of you and one ghibli
for check oh yeah no I got that I got
that ash I got that a while ago I
remember that package now Jack hasn't
seen them yet because he was on vacation
we got some Professor Layton games oh I
think one was Professor Layton meets
Phoenix right Karen's been playing a lot
of DS games lately she has him right now
there at home but I can bring them back
here we can take a look at them and
waiting at the Ghibli Ghibli movies
those are great but they're probably in
that big pile of tapes back there right
now cuz we've got a lot
nice little fairy sweatshop neighborhood
you got there though not anymore
now we got text land that mrs. Jake can
we talk arrival spoilers did you see
moonlight or lala land on the screeners
yeah if no spoilers and no spoilers
because I haven't seen a rival and a lot
of a chat hasn't yeah we're not gonna
spoil a little arrival you should just
go fucking see arrival
I summon light if if no spoilers I asked
this question if you know your future
perfectly would you have free will
well if you knew your future perfectly
what would stop you from being able to
change it right like let's let's say
let's say I could let's say I knew that
walking out into the street tomorrow
means I got hit by a car yeah I knew my
future I could then not walk out in the
street or or even simpler I knew I
wasn't going to pick up this coke can
again this night Oh
well like when something physically
prevent me from doing that what happened
we got a ferry thing sorry I was gone
for a bit I was making a sandwich I see
you found the municipal sewers I
wouldn't poke around in there too much
it's rather unsanitary so that's the
thing just knowing your future doesn't
mean that it's predetermined you have
sort of well if it is then you can't
know it because you'd be able to change
it and so then you have stuff like what
was that awful Ben Affleck you can see
the future movie it's what a lot of
people can see the future movies I can't
remember the Ben Affleck one specific
what do you call it when when you're
trying to prevent something and in
trying to prevent it you cause it to
self-fulfilling prophecy yeah that was
the moral of the story of the Ben
Affleck movie he there was a time
machine and the moral of story is we
can't make a time machine because it'll
create nothing but self-fulfilling
prophecies paycheck Thank You
rotoscoping that was it pay cheque okay
thank you
apparently we're still in the ferry game
as far as whether or not we have free
will there's there's no good use in
worrying about it I mean if you don't
have free will
well then there's there's nothing you
can do about it and it's not really
relevant because you don't know what the
future is gonna be anyway functionally
your life doesn't change at all yeah as
far as moonlight is concerned moonlight
I found to be rather rather boring
now I watched moonlight because I had
heard nothing but good things come on
stick Lord says to Jack notice he has a
SPC command to DAF skates whatever that
is oh yeah I pressed it before and it
said I needed a white key to Dolph
spaceman perhaps maybe I just did that
now thank you do wait you just moved
over to the edge of the screen yeah I
know you need the white key to take off
the skates all right
escape cage says everything is chaos
nothing is predetermined and we control
our futures fate is the superstitious
idea of desperate fools it's not just
fate though it's also physics is physics
are we just chemical reactions that have
been determined by physics since the Big
Bang query the cockroaches seem to stand
very still most time maybe we can just
run past them stop it um shit I knew
that when he said first what I listen I
know everyone fucking loves moonlight
have you heard of moonlight yeah
everybody fucking loves it because it's
a movie with no story that's a character
study about a young black kid who's
grown up gay in the super poor ghetto
fucking how great great its subject
matter that's Eve the if what it seemed
like to me was like a Miramax movie from
the mid 90s where they were gonna tackle
deep subjects yeah it just didn't I like
a movie with a fucking story
you know I like it I fucking like a
movie with a story and this was it was
it was following a young black kid as a
young as a young child as a teenager and
as an adult who's growing up gay in the
ghetto right a very boyhood long jackets
angry and yeah it had like a deep
message or whatever bullshit and it was
Artie's fuck and some of the acting was
great but you know what I just didn't
care I was super bored waken TB in the
chat says sounds like hoop dreams maybe
a little hoop dreams II anyway backpacks
free well I don't think it was a great
rant but I owe something bad yeah back
to free will person that said everything
is chaos
now here's a question if I were to send
you back in time as your younger self
with no memory of the future like I wipe
your memory and put you back in the past
your former self wouldn't you make the
exact same choices you made possibly so
that's not chaos that's not free will
no that's your brain running doing what
it would have done no no that's that's
still okay if you have a random number
generator you might get the same number
a couple times but that's not a that's
not random number generation there is no
random random number generators yeah for
one thing aren't random they're
following an algorithm that tries to do
the best a computer can to get a random
number but it is impossible for a
computer to just 5 it goes the time on
the clock computer is 6:05 and I run
that to the algorithm and that goes to
this algorithm 6
follow me dickheads did this before some
ways the freewill debate reminds me of I
think it was something was Michelangelo
said about his statues
the statue was always there I just
carved everything else off of it okay is
one of the others has the same coin it
makes no difference I don't know I don't
free will or not it's identical freewill
the no free will you can't know doesn't
matter I you can't know it doesn't
matter
that's it rich you can't know and it
doesn't matter
all right I think I got my thing from
over here somebody is also saying like
butterfly effect quantum fluctuation
kind of things or you might not do the
same things if you went back in time
without memory yeah that's something
that's what I'm saying is like well then
you're not free will you're just at the
whims of a random number generator right
that's just if it's but that's but
that's free well like the fact that I
would do X in X situation under Y
circumstances of Wes is what makes me me
if you put me under the same
circumstances and I do different things
it's kind of almost weird yeah
we're just not thinking straight tonight
I'm just thinking about things that are
just too deep too deep and that I don't
have enough of an understanding of to
really be talking about them but the
chat is talking about it so I'm trying
to chat along rich what if there is a
God but he's just a big jerk and it's a
different to humanity then that's
exactly the God of the Bible he's
holding everyone responsible for a lady
eating an apple 4,000 years ago and
that's why we have to burn in hell that
sounds exactly like the God of the Bible
a little Bobby Bobby yeah
yeah he he told a man to sacrifice his
only child to him and then when he got
there and he was about to stab his only
son God's like lol just fuckin with you
do it man totally gonna kill your child
dude I didn't really want you to do it
come on can't believe he did it oh man
you're so into me okay just worship me
oh yeah I love that
that's super sure what I'm supposed to
do
well I fucking know that now lady are
you a thing I have to blow you up
all right now for that shit yeah I still
talking about moonlight I don't think I
have any more to say about my game okay
you know I was happy to see it didn't I
don't even know if it played in
Milwaukee it's one of those like super
art house yeah super art house thing
what I what I've been hearing is it did
a better job at boyhood than boyhood did
because it had very similar like oh
there we go oh okay let go this way
arrow but in super low graphics what
made that star just like a skeleton oh I
did do the thing I was supposed to do I
figured it out but uh you know cuz if I
was like the same kid throughout his
lifetime but you know like they just use
different actors and stuff because
that's how movies made I haven't seen a
rival I can't talk about a rival because
I haven't seen rich can see talk about
row but everyone should fucking see
arrival and rich sits the arrival
especially I've been told I've been told
I don't think it's in the theater stole
I don't know it might be animal I'll
look into it
here's the other movie I watched you
know a lot of screeners and only so much
time without the kids
we started to watch or we watched the
The Jungle Book
they do uh who fucking directed that Jon
Favreau directed Jungle Book what the
fuck what the fuck everyone tells me
it's good and I know I need to see it
the Jungle Book
oh no no no rival Jesse still turn
around you know what look I don't care
it's not that good yeah I I hurt the
Faerie Queene said the big green thing
down to help with Sanitation ahead yeah
it's just it's not that good
game child.you cases grand moff tarkin
we'll watch replicator and Johnson
family Christmas any relation to the
Cedric the Entertainer film Johnson
family vacation with six percent on
Rotten Tomatoes part one of two I know
that was Jays theory games challenge K
also says also let's talk about Kevin
Smith movies do you think Kevin Smith
watches rlm if he did would you have it
would you have him on the show The
Fatman on Batman might ask for a rlm
podcast
do you like podcasts Jackie have any
thing to say about any of this as far as
the Johnson the family vacation thing my
what my guess is that's Mike what my
guess is is the Johnson family vacation
was a mild success and this distributor
came across this movie called the
Johnson family Christmas and that's
exactly and they said oh we'll slap some
nice-looking cover on that okay and
people will assume it's the unofficial C
or the sequel okay
the Cedric the Entertainer movie and
that that was part of the scam which we
already knew like was a scam yeah I have
stated in many many many times that I
think clerks might be one of the most
important movies to me personally and
possibly to the modern era of filmmakers
everyone who's like making dumb shit on
the internet right now grew up wanting
to make stuff because they saw clerks
okay clerks I think is incredibly
important and I personally love Mallrats
I love chasing Amy even though I haven't
seen it in ages
I love clerks - I love Dogma I enjoy a
lot of his work I have not actually seen
any of his modern
work besides clerks too which I loved
do you think he watches rlm no he does
not like critics
he's a fanboy he would not like what we
have to say about the things he likes
right that's true but also he just
doesn't like he doesn't like negativity
about his stuff yeah and so I don't
think he would be able to handle someone
talking negatively about his work do you
listen to podcasts wait get the Triforce
yeah and why can't I get it I don't know
try leaving some messages yeah might get
something if you leave enough sure also
the chat saying white key which i think
is up topic up north of you good luck
but do you guys want some of the
developers of the game in here I know a
few of them of this game I soon okay
that's the message I don't know cuz I
think part of the fun of this game is
just kind of figured discovery right
maybe for replay or something I don't
know
first podcast I know lately me and Karen
have been listening to the pirate
history podcast and that is fun what the
fuck was it I don't know you just think
that's a message oh I did want to do
that thing that's what gets me into this
room okay
you know what I actually I think one of
the very first podcast I listened to was
Kevin Smith SModcast who back before
podcasting was a big thing that's was
that was his shtick he didn't really I
heard a really good interview he did
with Mark Hamill oh yeah yeah and so I
would listen to that and listen to his
stories but then his story started
repeating and and
I know before he died occasionally I
listen to the rowdy roddy piper podcast
because listening to old wrestlers talk
about the behind-the-scenes shit is far
more entertaining than the actual
wrestling shenanigans that's great
stories about Andre the Giant drinking
like kegs of beer and one sitting is
funny and I think I said something about
earlier but in case I didn't I said
Karen I pirate history podcast yeah
that's what it's called
interesting stuff yeah I used to I mean
I used to just have more time I like I
used to listen to Nerdist I think
everyone did everyone did does I used to
listen to Marc Maron before he started
charging for it
so did I do everything I can do in the
blimp it seems like I did okay great so
actually lately I have not been
listening to podcasts just because I
don't have the time and usually when I'm
working
it's editing stuff with audio in it and
so I can't listen to other people talk
while I'm editing you and me talking you
know astonishing legends podcast I like
listening to paranormal stuff I do I do
and I will write that down you missed
the lantern jack I miss the wings right
you missed the lantern John I'm gonna
send you a weird text but it's just a
reminder to myself okay okay thank you
giant flashing arrow do we plan checking
out near automata it's the new action
game from Platinum Games yes yeah
Laoghaire goes there like that
transformers one and then I didn't even
play the Ninja Turtles one because it
looked like the Transformers game all
over again
really kind of bland it looked there
there was one section I saw of it that
looks like a 3-dimensional bullet hell
game yeah where you know like a bunch of
shit you have to dodge like anguish is
that what vanquishes kind of then this
looks a lot like it
that was the does that was the
inspiration for vanquish bullet hell
okay I've read that it looks yeah it
looks great I added that to my list of
games to to check out I have okay so I
can now take off the autocorrect skates
I don't know what that does I'll be
honest with you it doesn't seem to do
anything also did I listen to art bell
oh I loved art bell back in the day I
didn't believe any of it
but incredibly fun to listen to I was
always trying to figure out if art Bell
was a true believer or if he was like a
PT Barnum like huckster and I didn't
care either way
art Bell if you don't know yeah he had a
radio show coast to coast am where was
talking about like Bigfoot aliens
paranormal ESP any any kind of nutty
shit he would talk about it
Trainor diseases anyway I'm obsessed
about what your opinion of Dawn of War -
because of what you described wanting
and your hell driver's review it's fine
if you don't like it but I'm really
curious on why that would be I'm was
never interested because I knew Don
avoir Don of War one was a real-time
strategy game which I don't like people
keep telling me Donna war two isn't and
okay okay enough you have said that some
point but that's like I'll get to it
when or if I get to it there's like
games are constantly coming out you need
to play this you get to play that I just
there's not time of the day to do them
all
James Lu cases part three if too tired
of comic movies but I love x-men after
Logan would you welcome an alpha flight
movie tired of Marvel films but I'm
looking forward to guardians of the
galaxy to any Howard the Duck love a tad
Walker oh the if Canada gets rid of the
gyms okay well good say you're about 20%
through this game this is nowhere near
as entertaining as frog fractions by the
way well so far I don't think we've hit
it yet I think if we haven't hit it yet
then they're taking too long to get to
it alpha flight movie jack fuck it no
come on what what are you thinking to
yourself these characters cannot make it
in their own damn comic no one cares
about reading about Sasquatch in the
little dwarf man well it's a it's a
mutant properties to Fox would be
handling it yeah so for that reason oh
fuck for that reason but let's be honest
yeah
guardians of the galaxy wouldn't you
have said the same fucking thing if
Marvel were handling it maybe who's a
fox no they had then they'd be dragged
into Deadpool kicking and screaming you
know like I get and you know what I
guess like there could be some fun
comedy there as like the Canadian
Avengers you know yeah yeah and I always
did dig Vindicator 'he's powerset like
wasn't Vindicator his his I don't know
much about Alpha Flight oh that's right
I'm not an x-men guy if I remember
correctly and please help me if I'm not
being remembered correctly
oh sorry and that's I'm just reading
that I I did Captain disillusion I I
follow him I back him on patreon I love
Kat
disillusion Oh captain ya know him you
know the silver bottom of his face yeah
yeah I don't understand that but
otherwise no they're good stuff
no he just debunks like popular viral
videos I I give money to him on patreon
because I love his work
I love captain this is a dissolution and
I hope he continues to mix if he did a
quite a little crossover with Beakman's
world oh I saw that I saw that I've seen
I've seen some captain just lose you
know like he did he did he just put out
a new video and it was it was just all
about like making it was basically just
a way to make fun of everyone who's like
stirring up YouTube drama where he's
like listen YouTube is why we all get to
make this stuff we want to make settled
fuck down yeah where was I vindicated oh
so if I remember Vindicator correctly
all he had was a shield generating suit
that made him invulnerable
like he wasn't particularly strong yeah
I don't think he could fly even like all
he had was a shield yeah and I think
that's a really neat power word
someone's not necessarily strong they
just can't get hurt and I think there's
some fun that you talked about your
superhero that was my superhero the
invulnerable person but they weren't
strong because they couldn't build
muscle yes it was it was someone who
literally could not be injured and so
they were a weak man because they
couldn't tear their muscles to build new
muscles but they were invulnerable and
then you found out Marvel and I already
thought well that's vindicated look at
this by the way if you pause the game
the ferryman yeah yeah I don't know this
is the war taking way too long and in
text world here yeah well I'm also just
not figuring about frog fractions for
the most kept it moving there's
something new something new and
interesting the mega sword jack is a
mega sword oh I think I can get that now
there's a mega sort wait I have a candle
now it's Marvel the new Simpsons I don't
know if it's all quite yet is it Marvel
Cinematic Universe yeah you're playing
the game and that's fine Marvel I mean
theoretically Simpsons might be putting
out quality stuff so I just don't know I
just don't watch it anymore can I get
this master using it and you can open
this these purple girls were imported
from chinchilla it's probably curly
Grove okay well none of this fucking
matters because I have the thing that
can get rid of the gems in the gem maze
you guys are literally taking an
hour-plus
to get what takes most people five to
ten minutes I'm what do you mean us
what what do you mean you guys plural I
only see they're only one of us is
playing the game some very confuse this
is what you mean
and you know what no I apologize I
apologize for taking my time and
enjoying the journey like some goddamned
asshole say it moves faster we're just
taking too long to stop and talk and and
that is you know what yeah alright yeah
shut him down shut down all right
Chev right down right say we just won't
we just won't talk anymore Shh
until the doors
maybe
okay did that work was that was that was
that entertaining was that how that work
i over the top of a valuable lesson that
one person that we punished everybody in
the chad for fun it was fun bit I
supported it fun bit okay come captain
Miller says elbow what the hell are you
playing thank you I love you your taste
in video games is as great as your taste
in movies but pineapple is great on
pizza
yeah no it's your opinion I have to
respect that that's your opinion do you
don't have to agree with it you have to
respect that an opinion was made yeah
yes watch ash vs. Evil Dead Season 2 now
by the way oh I know I know I would love
to talk about it uh-huh I cannot no you
cannot just says you know what Jack is
now watch T just as I would love to talk
about a rifle yeah yeah but neither of
us
zombie Hendrik says howdy gents hi with
all the philosophical talk I have a
random question
great rocky or Rambo and why rocky Rambo
which rocky which Rambo rocky changed so
much over the years
well you know what let's say the best so
rocky 1 versus Rambo 1 ok ok
if this is a fight well if it's a fight
Rambo wins guilty yeah he's been trying
to kill people if we're talking about
just which movie is the great which is
character which character you like right
which character you like more rocky
rocky how does a character ramble ones
pretty good right Rambo one's great
you're asking me to choose like between
two great things which is great I know
I'm going I'm going rocky you know why
he's a schlub and hawing I'm a schlub
and all I know is getting punched in the
face I can't respect him as a boxer
because all he does is gets punched in
the punched in the face yeah that's love
I can't respect him as a boxer so I'm
giving it to Rambo because I can respect
him as a special-forces badass crazy
special forces badass but he's competent
Rocky's a shitty boxer who just has an
extra thick skull
on the chance defense rich is
complaining about how slow the game is
compared to frog fractions one all Jack
is deliberately taking his time playing
it deliberately rich deliberately taking
my time I'm just I'm just playing it man
you know what like if if you got if you
guys would have wanted I could have like
looked up I could have spoiled it for
myself and like yeah looked up like
here's how here's how you get to tell
the the fun frog fraction stuff but like
to me that was the fun part of frog
fraction the discovery yes yeah it was
the discovery of all the weird shit so
pardon me what see I'm see what I'm
talking about I am a toaster rich there
is there a narrative structure
transactions we built the spaceship and
what in the space one thing led to the
other this kind of just random not this
isn't fun I'm being a prick and I think
I'm being a fair critic oh this is
flappy bird flappybird
arrow keys spacebar spacebar spacebar
it's gotta be spacebar it's not space
and fuel you don't have fuel probably
it's the problem right but I can't I
can't add fuel what happens when you say
oh my god keep going I'm going ah
I clicked out somehow son of a bitch
this is pretty good wait too much too
much for those cell-cell no I got a by
buying makes me go down Oh Sal makes me
go up
your temperature the temperature the
higher your temperature is I think no
jesus fucking christ what happens if you
buy antimatter try buying the other
things I think I think that's where
we're trying to get you can't just buy
and sell you can't that's the same times
have you pause pause try it Trevor the
buy insoles thinking outside the box I'm
trying to be trying to think outside the
box
oK we've gotten the maltose
I can just hold it down I mean it's a
click on like a crazy person so so so by
oh whatever
what are you doing what are you doing oh
that's all right sir I don't know that's
all right I can just hold down add fuel
by the way you didn't read the rest of
it you can only buy and sell but you
have to be strategic it's difficult
I believe it's difficult well buy so
what about add fuel that's that's
something else we can do we'll add fuel
does is raise the temperature which does
what I don't know it looks like it lets
us buy things the temperature lets us
buy things what causes you to
exponentially raise up higher faster
though at a higher temperature or is it
the fuel when you buy fuel you go down
when you sell you go up you know then
adding the fuel makes you go up slowly
but then as the temperature raises I
don't know what lowers my temperature
you know I'm saying yeah temperature
equals height right and selling lowers
my temperature no the return I don't
know what that means specific return
equals slope
so far all the rows zero how do we
adjust the return I seem to raise up
faster if I do this clicking thing here
I'll be honest today I'm going up faster
if I could do this
can I get past this first its first turn
is your return on investment investment
yeah but they're all zeros I'm gonna
figure it up well
god I'm trying to figure out rich okay
okay okay okay
and by freight boom about freight I can
sell for four great I can buy you sell
buy sell buy buy buy so so so so so so
so so so so so so this time I'm just Jay
Jam says currently tipping because I've
had a lot of entertainment out of this
and write grateful and it's helped
during a bad year great and also partly
because I pirate in space cop and now
feel guilty
Oh have some cash you dickhead well
we're getting money from you so I guess
that's something it's it's less than I
think awesome house where we saw in
space come from
here's fifteen that's decent decent he
gave most 15 okay so I get money from
that nice not getting my food I don't
get space calm you know Mike and Jay had
a while to do a space cop though didn't
I get anything out of that I don't I
don't know I don't know I don't know
that's fine great have a nice day thank
you damn job cases did you see IGN
preview of Friday the 13th game I'm
excited you guys should have J on to
play it when it comes out with some play
when it comes out with some stream
viewers we saw we saw J play the 3d
horror game before with online
multiplayer functionality and remember
y'all cheated when y'all cheated and
knew exactly where we remember
Darkwing Schmucks is rich I was
pleasantly surprised you see you playing
the new Shen Shantae the other day I
don't know I still don't know for sure
you pronounce it shantae shantae that's
pretty fun so you gotta get that turned
down cuz you're you're never gonna get
through there properly hit those red
things but I have nothing against
playing Friday the 13th the game I just
have to imagine it won't end well if Jay
plays but oh he'll probably want to see
it oh yes I imagine we'll do something
with it
oh but a shanna tape I hope see it again
sometime also I think those games would
be right up Jack's alley and apparently
they are because he sounded very
familiar with it yeah yeah I'm looking
forward to playing it madam says I'm
going to be in Milwaukee in a couple
weeks visiting some friends do you guys
have any good restaurant recommendations
I'm kind of fond of el fuego
Alfred was fine Mexican if you're going
downtown
I'm trying to blink on the goddamn name
it's my place
Oh safe house the safe house the safe
house is fun you wanna go for drinks you
go to the safe house
big foodtube oh sure but I think like
it's it's more it's like a fun bar
there's ton of great restaurants you
want you want pizza if you want pizza
you go to classic slice or you go to
transfer if you're going with a bigger
baby transfer transfer is pretty good
people are saying don't buy so much okay
like I feel like I have to buy cuz then
how else do you go down what else brings
you down as the question is by just
buying there is a crack of it I noticed
that there is a crack on the ground
before the second pipe I think you need
to crash into it oh is that it yeah okay
if you're looking for just good
all-around food try cafe central cafe
central or cafe loo loo good just kind
of all-around food you know Cafe Lulu
consistently has the best soup every
time I go to cafe Lulu I order the soup
they change the soup every day and every
time I go there I get the soup and every
day I'm that I get soup I'm always
impressed by their great suit
there's a million great restaurants if
you want to go out and have like an
experience you go to a place like lazy
susan whose menu changes every day
depending on what food they can buy in a
farmers market hmm they just make
whatever the fuck they feel like
nonnamous says rich but spoiling
anything for Jack or others ass vs. Evil
Dead Season two finale thumbs up down or
in the middle and have you read the
former showrunners plans for that app
that got extensive changes yeah I think
they made the wrong choice that's what
I'm gonna say I think they've made the
wrong choice
okay now I have a red thing but we got a
little bit confusing and not not letting
a good way everything up before that
pretty golden before that last episode
yeah I saw that the game was trying to
make it easier for me and I appreciate
that because I don't know if you've
noticed but I'm failing I can't even get
to like the drastic highs and lows that
I was before it to get through the we're
not ignoring tips we get a lot of tips
and we get to them when we get to them
yours is actually a three above where
I'm at right now I'm getting to it I am
getting to it singularity four three two
one says just saying thank you for all
the wonderful shows I'm a dev and would
love to make something for you guys so
any simple 2d game ideas I'm just one
man
shoot them over you can own all the
rights Wow
it's very excessively generous right
thank you very much Matt mrs. rich
arrival was playing at am seemed a fair
ball 18 at at at this point I'll
probably get it on video crash crash
crash can you get that I think oh that
works too apparently what you got the
sword that's how you get the sword
apparently Jack no cell jack I I did it
someone else is saying yes someone else
is saying no someone else says oh fuck
do you see how helpful you can be in
chat did the game give up I don't care
if the game gave up i won ish
all right cause you're right reaction
says the toasters temperature is equal
to your height
prices equal temperature buying
something at a price / temperature
reduces it a ki aka your height selling
it increases it as you are getting more
temp totally figured all that out scheme
is just taking a while because Jack reg
keeps stopping to talk yes well I'm not
even playing I'm just talking jacks Jack
is playing buster loads as rich thanks
to you and Karen for giving me advice
the other night it was badly needed and
much appreciated Jack did you get
arrested for dressing as a lady while on
vacay or was that just TMZ BS lied to
help buster loads my way I was looking
for our laptops password okay while you
were gone yeah I couldn't find it oh the
chat reminded me they said well do you
keep your old text if you ever texted
you would before oh yeah I found it yeah
does Jack wants to be a lady that's
weird
password want to be a lady
okay all right that's that's the thing
that happened so we got to change the
password because everyone knows no it
can't be wants to be a lady anymore
oh sorry Jen says here's a tip adding to
the problem of tip back up and don't
forget to dig out my gift from the VHS
is when you're done so it's not lost
forever in the void because then I'd be
sad
I've only stream says is it okay if I
made a jack enriched Isaac's mod into
the binding of issac afterbirth plus and
put it on the workshop
I'm sure Jack would love a binding of
issac Jack mod that would be great
he says that would be great be better
great now full authorization to do that
all right I found a thing here's a
protip Jack is bald because it's easier
to get the lady wig on it's easier to
get the lady we're gonna get the lady
wig on I have a sword now can you kill
the things I can I can oh I can mow down
the shrubs now okay oh did I kill
someone so now I can get past shrubs and
so now so this is so this is very this
is getting a little Metroid vania issue
you need something to clip the hair to
I've never worn a wig I don't know that
wait a way to ruin my joke chat try
killing centipedes and cockroaches
question mark question mark question
mark uh working on you know one thing at
a time here you know we're working on
getting through the the Jim maze at the
moment and so can I get the color
palette is like vomit that pixel shit is
overdone though yeah doesn't get the
joke the overall joke weirdness hasn't
been here for the whole thing there is
no there is no way to the maze well sure
there is it's gonna be clever it's gonna
not be obvious you're gonna be able to
blow a wall down there's something or
you're gonna be able to like go outside
of what the normal bounds would be like
underneath where the text is maybe you
can walk under there there's gonna be
something out there was an actual legit
solution no well kind of no well kind of
is my answer hopefully that helps
all right so just nothing in here co-op
yeah there you go there's the Casa ho
that's the message message abhorrent
beast ahead
finally found the green key rich okay
what do I need to do anything else
what's up there I can't go up why can't
I go up you can't go over there's a maze
hole there you can't go up in general
what are the messages say beware of
amazing trap jumping but I can't jump o
spaces jump Oh
told you that was gonna sooner or later
jack oh Jesus you can't jump up high
enough to get out
No Oh what happened over there again
what was different I you you got me
buddy right now writing up right there
we go there we go
enemy ahead enemy ahead be worried an
amazing Tramp you have to be fast
now's the time
you're doing it you're doing it you're
doing it buddy I feel like I'm doing it
you're doing it I guess don't watch for
you know get down now jumping ahead run
oh did you sort the thing yes oh well
that's convenient
can you pink eye to the right up top top
right yeah can you get that I don't
believe I can yes I can you go up
normally no no
I understand oh oh wait maybe the AI
jump on the arrow that's thinking that's
using your oh oh okay all right are you
jumping higher now I have no idea I
would be very honest with you I don't
know you don't know rich
you could rotate the sword and you can
stand on it shut the fuck up the fuckin
sword this is what happens when a meme
game tries too hard and makes a sequel
at least he was smart enough to monetize
it this time
haha that's his pork sub yeah you know
what by the way that's totally fair
like everyone enjoyed frog refractions
water fractions was a free game yeah
let the man uh got the thing what was
the thing purple
okay
what what what happens if you move now
wait frozen here or is it just paused
what's that stuff on the top left can
you get any of that like what's that
that blue the light blue white oh thing
fire at the gems yeah yeah I handled a
couple of gems already well stuff up top
left seems suspicious to me yeah
yeah as it should as a check
can you jump up and shoot up get on the
sword and jump up there see if you can
reap what you could reach the gem burst
and the chandeliers flame I I'm just
reading thing I'm down here now that's
some right now like what's that thing up
there I get to it we're gonna have a jet
pack at some point maybe I guess also
they're just moving forward without
actually paying attention to what's
happening and a 95 percent of games you
can get away with that but in this game
you have to actually pay attention we
could completely ignore you guys fans of
the game they don't wanna see it
besmirched I'm not be searching I know
anything that's not unending love is
merging alright okay so how do we get
whatever that is is the question do we
need to get it or what is it this is a
chandelier and burst into flame well no
that's the that's this I hit the gem
with that up there yeah and that's
that's what a wait well it gets singed a
little bit yeah so like if I hit the
bullets with it doesn't do any damage is
what that's telling us okay
I mean you might actually get farther in
the game at that point it's not about
besmirch again it's that you guys
literally are getting confused over the
most basic stuff like what dog like what
oh yeah
oh yeah I'm sorry we did not read a
primer on the game before we played it
you destroyed the pathway is what
they're saying
can you oh sure sure I could have jumped
onto the pathway but I mean you'd think
it's okay to leave and come back and
make it oh maybe you know what let's
find out I'm gonna do one more attempt
ta
oh by the way totally can not okay we'll
try it let's try getting it back nope
hey that's gone he didn't know she
picked up the green key it didn't notice
you could rotate the sword you didn't
notice the messages didn't notice the
door way up there didn't notice the way
gems work I can go on I first of all I
noticed all those things did you see me
doing all that shit don't be a dickhead
I noticed all that just because rich
didn't rich isn't playing the game I'm
playing the game dick Wow
yeah kind of right yeah like I notice
all that shit and rich isn't playing the
game all right we're gonna come from I
can't cancel right all right like
remember how I did all this with the gym
because I noticed I agree with Jack's
test who says when do you start
producing bug porn right let's see let's
see what else were missing over here
yeah I know I can't carry our deficit
yeah stop it stop it all right let's see
if we're missing anything else can we go
back to elf town simulator sure sword
isn't sharp enough to cut metal shrimps
okay oh oh so what's up top there up top
is where I came from uh I was just where
you came from
yeah whoa whoa we get to those trees now
right I get through these yeah what
about the red ones yeah nope not sharp
enough to cut through dire shrubs rich
hey Erin we can only cut through green
shrubs at the moment well is there
anything hidden under these ah that's
funny I don't think I mean I can't
imagine I would put something in but
then again this is frog fractions
my way in the one I'm goin along doing
that thing in games we mow the lawn nope
what was this door again what's in that
door do we have a key for that door to
the right I'm gonna say no I think we
have the key to the up one yeah we did
red and green get to the up one let's
see how can we get there I took off the
autocratic skates what do they do I
that's a great question rich a question
that I don't believe has been answered
aha what happened you kill the water huh
no I just uh I used a gem path that I
blew up earlier ah well good work I did
it I did it so now I gotta just on the
water
no you have to like maneuver the sword
because the sword yeah face yeah I can
see that yeah it's alright
kill the monkeys gorillas or what were
they doesn't matter cannot open lions
nearby so the Lions must be more good
cuz I think spawn and gorillas down
there what does that oh do you
diet I am a mighty for here yeah that's
a mighty now are you nice jack I brought
that up on myself alright hold on
everybody hold your horses
fuck you what what type of mousetrap
says Jack what you are a sweetie pie and
rich you are the love of my life
metaphorically speaking I mean all right
thank you very much stomach mouse track
you know up why you gotta go metaphor
just let it let it be let it be
I just figured since an outrage you know
why cuz I'm paying attention and I'm
super smart see here I am going through
this maze like a sucker again right yeah
need to do that because these are oh you
got a path now very good work jack you
know because I'm paying attention you
know what fuck it what
