Episode 701
What's a Glittermitten (Part 2)
January 24, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EVUGdyy3cY0
___________________________________________

Oh Jack you're gonna get mauled from
above
you didn't miss it oh really she never
got into it yet I guess your block from
the other way stuff this tough
maneuvering this sword is a pain in the
ass I'll tell you one which I'm sure is
the point
all right almost there you almost got
them Lions Jack you almost gotta get
that Oh get that damn oh yeah did it do
something about it in the room don't
worry about it get to get the yellow
thing you killed the Lions oh just what
you needed to do
yeah yeah mighty hunter okay great
shrubs me I fuck you kill the shrubs
before you can get in there just
dangerous shrubs it's fine you know
that's fine it's fine everything's fine
there
I found a thing I found a musical note
Jack great you have a beautiful singing
voice you don't have a beautiful singing
voice
oh the gift shop II here and triumphant
Lord Hufflepuff says I think I'm the
only dead here but that's fine they can
concentrate on the game or chat or
whatever it's all good this this is it's
close combat between 6:00 and 9:00 p.m.
so can we change the time on the
computers clock I'm hoping that's what
I'm hoping for
say what cyan key I have the green key
yeah but I can't but by the way I can't
get in from the bottom because of my
sword'
can I put my sword away no you can't get
in from the bottom when happens you've
tried to get in from the bottom of the
might I can't I can't shoot me my sword
around the bottom path yeah I'm thinking
change our computers clock okay I'll tab
all right go to adjust date and time
just turn to time automatically off and
then go back
scroll down change date and time it is
no longer 10:00 p.m. it is 6:06 p.m.
change only 20 p.m. I am do we know he's
at p.m. okay nope
oh wait
do I not have a save do I not have a
save
where's low do loads obviously okay we
need it we need another autosave these
are all at 8:00 p.m.
these are all tickle moss whoa
no cancel like if I quit I don't have to
go through all this again I have to
imagine we ought to save at some point
but don't even think about it is what
they're saying about quitting I'm
assuming that's what they're talking
about yeah but I don't know that listen
but what I think you needed to do is
change like that before you started the
game you know I don't think we've saved
since we've been in here for that exact
reason
oh it's find I don't seem to stay dead
nope
the megasaur Jack Oh dire shrubs the
mega sort of xanthe are is yours Lord
Hufflepuff says you do not need to
change your system clock
we're not that cruel we have a dev in
the chat oh we're not that cruel I don't
trust you why would we
I played frog fractions by the way frog
fractions Devin chat is the game that
got jacked like the text adventure
that's true I just unlocked the gamepad
support rich trout that ps3 control
she's just fixed I don't know if that
natively supports we don't have a
bluetooth no I don't think I do she's
used I'd want to try out the new one but
let's just try to disclose what we know
works see if it does anything
Oh
somebody's saying maybe use the torch on
the centipede which not a terrible idea
I found that in past rooms and it didn't
kill the centipede
it just lightly singed it it was a nice
thought it was
no gamepad support or at least not yet
but you don't but oh my god in this
background
okay so so that it gives us the correct
time
yeah thank you okay
it said good said hold on it's good
options it said it unlocks controller
support well then we don't know what
that means exactly might be something
clever that comes up later where we
could only do something with the gamepad
sure
so just we'll keep that we'll keep that
in our pocket that ready yeah that's
ready rich okay yeah oh shit so we have
that we have a master sword now a mega
sword so now we can take care of dire
strokes oh ok onward I think we only
support Xbox controllers well we got the
Xbox one controller that's the way I
have a comple earlier in this stream we
fix a ps4 controller that had a broken
analog stick yeah but we don't want to
risk using that because there might be
driver issues we have hooked up an Xbox
one controller we just plugged it in I
don't know if that's an issue I don't
know if it needs to actually be plugged
in before the game starts sure see so
this area I can't I can't wiggle my
sword
where's it just 360 controllers oh and
I'm waiting for confirmation of some
sort
like
yes oh yeah maybe it needs to be in on
boot why are we do we have to worry
about saving are we auto-saving can we
just restart the game and then okay
we've gotten to the red shrubs shit okay
rich try going back to the blimp
somebody is saying up oh that's right
there were shrubs in the blimp shit
you're right before we get to before we
get too ahead of the game no saving and
ASCI I world yep all right saw that
coming
bunch of bull hockey or that's just how
it was
they're trying to emulate these games
which is fine I get it the game
auto-saves every time you get a pick up
there's a little saving icon in the
bottom right corner you'll see okay so
if you want to try restarting to get the
gamepad support this is completely up to
you Jack you're playing this is 831
there yeah I don't trust it
I don't trust it I don't trust it and I
don't trust them and once it's
auto-saving I've seen it yeah yeah yeah
they're gonna keep saying it too cuz I
don't trust it Lord huff and puff says
again we're not that cruel thanks gonna
do what Jack's gonna do and I can't make
him do things so then it it last saved
when I got the mega sword right yeah
it's like wrangling a greased up pig
this is not gonna work eggs a game go
back into game
I'll be s open now we're gonna play
glitter mitten Grove and it's back okay
we're gonna continue all right we're
good game pad what happened
you moved we're gonna work we had wind
boot wait for the record I don't know oh
oh hey here's some stuff where's your
sword yeah
do you have
I'll take over here okay
Oh story well that was freaking
frightening when it was terrifying
you are those you are that cruel
goddamnit Oh
oh this is much easier
oh wait wait I have the candles X haha
you eat Sian
yeah that says 1117 11:40 well that's
interesting right I think yeah yeah yeah
now look at me have a sword fucking
master alright I have to remember the
blimp is now where's the blimp do you
know where the blimp is kill him again
whoops the noobs
ah
I'm a maniac note to self don't be such
a maniac
the bump was over here I don't remember
where the pluralist but can you just try
the orange ones - okay yes there are
these shrubs nice like the Zelda spikes
oh yeah can you get in that room
nope
right stick unavailable and I could read
it wrong because it stopped use left
button right button
okay can you go north
all right oh-oh-oh but I might be able
to kill the cockroaches fuck fuck
I know I know rich I'm terrible I hope I
like some cat Grouch motherfuckers over
here okay suck it
I only got four gems Jack what for gems
gems don't matter there's gyms
everywhere
what's your torch fueled by anything or
just not that I know of
okay get that I where's that eyes
there's something your bottom the bottom
right jack yeah why is there another one
Oh what happens if you get to Oh making
double eyes tryin can't move your sword
can't you can't cuz you can't move your
sword over Crayola none of the movie
bottom but moving up moving straight up
oh you can't nope alright doesn't matter
alright alright you got a knife you got
a matter alright can you slap stab that
zero no I can stab all those
motherfuckers Oh
Boulder oh I did pushing you pushed it
die cockroach scum you know they really
shouldn't be that big a problem
cockroaches yeah yeah really maybe that
maybe they're giant cockroaches you have
to use your imagination to it's a ski
right oh fuck fuck
you did great Jack felt like you did
great shut up come on listen it's harder
to control this then it seems with this
sword rich goddamn sword
what does Jack think about the
controller after three hours playing
what do you think about the controller
or controller the controller I'm
swimming using a controller and this
would be my guess but I don't know
warning specs risk contains elements
which may be unsuitable for children
oh sorry you're not 297 nobody that'll
it's a fast Jack it's fast under its
fast under the guns you need a zero I'm
gonna try to put in my real age you sure
you won't do that
oh yeah absolutely sure why I'm just
saying Oh
to prove that you're really 42 please
answer these five simple questions okay
Peter Walter crane is arguably best
known for this work dogs and cabbages
blood Gioconda the Lady of Shalott the
worship of beckus the worship abacus
whoopsy blue Ellen you missed another
this is this is so inspired by Leisure
Suit Larry but who said history repeats
itself first as tragedies secondly as
farce that's Oscar Wilde you're a kid
shame on you for trying to deceive a
friendly game like this damn it well
let's try again oh wait let's go get
that are before we
I don't have an R well not a pink one
alright and that's the thing that just
happened let's try this let's try this
slut okay no fuck jack fuck what a house
divided against itself cannot cabinet
couch wardrobe band Giuseppe Mazzini was
a dancer a pasta sauce magnate a
political activist angry literally
literally all the time
angry literally all the time why would
you why would you even do the joke one
you can you know that's wrong
Sheils green dye fell out of favor
because it was ugly was expensive it
wasn't as green as chemic green it
killed you it killed you
john ray made three surveying
expeditions into equatorial africa
southern Australia the Canadian Arctic
Arctic Canadian bacon I say the Canadian
Arctic
what do you think John ray fifty yep
yeah I go the article
9 1853 Governor Perry delivered a letter
from leap to the Emperor of Japan
tutorial 1953 1858 18 that's what I
meant
1850 300 18 yeah yeah yeah Victoria
you're okay yeah why would someone who's
49 no that is the question I don't know
that it really makes a difference it
might be the same questions all around
yeah do it not bad
are you really 31 please answer these
five simple questions the ten years war
took place from 1868 until oh it was
just where our 40s we're off by a
hundred years when we said we were 40 we
were getting questions about the 1850s
now that we said we're 30 we're getting
questions about the 1860s
we're playing a 100-year old machine
gotcha I'm with you I get it yeah and
that's not bad well 78 unless it's okay
fire
gladiator March was written by John
Quincy Adams Philip Sousa dear Wesley
Powell Philip Sousa which is an old man
the panic of 1837 1857 1873 they
panicked each of those years
73 oops
Louis pastilles process of
pasteurization was intended destroy
bacteria in the theater naturalism
movement was inspired by which writers
work Karl's Marx Charles Darwin Ralph
Waldo Emerson John Muir Ralph Waldo what
what Oh could be wrong and when the only
friendly wasn't the only naturalist or
whatever he was called living by a
fucking pond to a jack ship nope
I gotta go hi Haiti which is not a
Tchaikovsky composition I have no
fucking idea
Oh at unwrapping parties Aristocats
gathered to open presents
watch it burlesque show birth babies
unwrapped a mummy lord dear lord it
might actually be unwrapped a mummy
puppies were ridiculously common for a
while their mummies present sounds too
obvious I actually think it might be
mummy Jack it is I did it and it is Otto
von Bismarck unified this collection of
territories Bismarck Belgium rugby union
the German Empire German Empire
I think corrects the migi restoration
took place when Emperor came to power
nunca me G Yoshinobu or Dave I mean I
would assume eg
the migi restoration took place when
Emperor Meiji came to power mummies were
so common they were pulling out somebody
fucking mummies out of Egypt I think
they just used them for like to burn for
fuel at some point like I'm fine it was
I know it was like a comical amount of
mummies that's horrible
a Reno line is a stiffened petticoat I
think a typesetting machine a petal
operated loom and a cut of ostrich I
think it's a pretty car I think it's
some kind of garment thing and Naomi
thank you you are never going to enter
the world of Spectras I've never been
more never been more ready we read read
read hard is the worst roommate not only
is he a gross alien but he also has
personal habits also if you got him to
move out you could take over the master
bedroom unfortunately he has acid for
blood and is also and also is friends
with a lot of your friends making direct
warfare impractical today is the last
day before you both sign the new lease
you have until 8:00 p.m. to convince him
to move out we have time until 8:00
we need to be between 6 & 8 right that's
one six and nine six and nine I'm gonna
go to the television what do we want to
do here uh what we're trying to make him
leave yeah change the TV save you let's
try change TV save the inputs super
passive-aggressive xenomorph roommate
irritation simulator oh wait
keeping a pet pill bug requires a very
moist habitat with limited light thank
you love what does she say that was
probably important Jack keeping a pill
bug in keeping keeping a pill bug what
about white we have a lamp there and she
said something about light no what's
that we can we need to know women have
that lamp needs to be on her off oh
we're gonna toilet what do you want to
do here leave a floater on the toilet
deliberately clog the toilet mess with
the valves in the toilet tank no mess
with the valves in the toilet tank I'm
not sure what you've achieved we've
messed with the things of random also a
suspicion is the thing too huh yeah we
don't want so he can't be messing with
the valves I might've been too blatant
we want to we want to annoy him damn it
I was wrong then okay under the leave
the fridge door open drink Todd's beer
rearrange all the food inside the fridge
take ketchup from the fridge even I'm
gonna leave a note okay you have a
sticky note food older than 10 days
without a written name will be removed
you scroll hmm feels a little corporate
I think that's good
Tyrese you know since when is this a
rule he asks we should have a house
meeting before deciding this is a rule
nice nice
that's the only thing we can do no I
don't do it you don't want to do that
all right
trash put fluids in the trash can or
Nothing fluids in the trash can so paper
cup with water take a single step then
drop the whole thing the trash dude tut
says don't do that don't do what you say
no ice
oh he's super annoying Todd pushes it so
it sounds a little funny maybe he's a
little all right something is something
we got him 15% annoyed it's got a table
here leave crumbs on the table
move the table closer to the wall leave
all your stuff out on the table leave a
note on the table leave all your stuff
out on the table books
all right great that'll pay off later
here over here comes no more things
let's go around what's the oven oven
can't go over can't go to oven bathroom
sink tip is to leave hairs in the sink
oh that would be super annoying
I leave note on this thing uh your call
your call
I mean a lot of people said nope well
that's the thing it's passive-aggressive
Xena more lose anymore for me so that's
something super Passover do it do it
grab annoyances do not wash mousseline
down the drain that's video what the
heck is that nice couch okay lamb
bedroom what's in our bedroom okay turn
off the lamp so here when you refused to
turn the lamp back on he gets up walks
across there and does it himself
suspicions going up them hey hey dude
clean up your stuff Todd asked when you
fail to respond he just cleans
everything up himself what a beta and
what's an art world I'd be weird that we
can do things to irritate him in our
room I wonder if there's something
secret in here or something hidden it's
in our computer what do you want to do
here research xenomorph weakness try to
calm down on the internet research ways
to annoy Todd plana Bob Todd the mutual
friends Oh super passing yeah your log
into Facebook at strike a conversation
about table of the mutual acquaintances
Todd's the worst roommate ever you say
I'm sorry to hear you guys aren't
getting along your friend responds
try as you might you can't get them to
share your anger oh that might just
raise the suspicion if he checks his
computer yeah yeah yeah that's the
researchers Animorph weakness xenomorphs
are weak to mostly just bullets and fire
hmm due to your shared circle of mutual
friends shooting or a roasting Todd
won't be an option bed what's in the bed
Todd rage you know hey man I'm really
sorry if I've been dissolving the sink
he says try to avoid that but it's hard
my mouth and all you know which first
sight of understanding but you don't
respond what do you want to do here
steal some of Todd's sports equipment
knock over and mess up Todd sports
equipment steal do you think that that
might be going too far man what if we do
it like if we're over in his room that's
I think that's gonna knock up the
suspicion I think stealing will knock up
the suspicion he borrowed okay
and knock it over Todd look startled to
see you in his room what are you doing
and dude we doing in here looking for my
cat you've cut it's not safe for him
here my eggs hatch lot of suspicion
there huh Jack yeah Jack huh huh huh
someone was right about that well name
one day I'm just saying should I sit on
Todd's bed
I don't think steal then check your bed
what do you want to do here no sitting
on his bed with the eggs will die I
think we'll die if we do it but do it
because that could be fun you said I'm
Todd's bed next to his gross eggs please
be careful not to touch the eggs I don't
want any to hatch on you bro are you
saying that I a man could not take care
of a child
spring tides baseball bed around
yeah nice that raisin no it's a lot
Todd leaves he motions for you to follow
him hey can you hang out my room when
I'm not here I don't I said the sports a
cover my uh or something else in his
room wall books rearrange us Mike why
would you rearrange his books that's
gonna be suspicion okay take he won't be
able to find them we don't necessarily
discover that you took them or we could
read and just see what that does I don't
know Todd studying for the bar exam his
speciality is xenomorph writes all his
textbooks are filled with information on
cases like severed head versus state of
Georgia and lat appoo Etta vs acid
manufacturer Lobby of California oh oh
we've ramped up the suspicion Jack do
you much damnit damnit medicine cabinet
medicine cabinet what do you want to do
here rearrange Todd's personal
medications squirt toothpaste on the
medication cabinet slam the doors leave
a note on the medicine cabinet leave it
out left side Dwayne right side Todd you
write not that he's been confusing then
lately of course you just want to make
sure he knows shower
stuff on the shower floor leave no hurt
oh sorry
it's all about note leaving it's all
about note leaving toilet leave a note
come on into the bathroom you bastard
you bastard xenomorph cabinets going up
to the cabinets yep so we we've hidden
his pop-tarts fuck yeah didn't and those
are s'mores flavored pop-tarts those are
the good shit come on read my notes read
my notes go to the bathroom you bitch
anything a couch yet
it's gonna be I'm just like full
unknowing roommate mode oh here we go
that's computer change Todd's facebook
status uninstall steam on Todd's
computer that's gonna be a lot of
suspicion I think that would be annoying
for good measure you also delete his
Skyrim saves that's just annoying
Todd notices you know gosh darn it
Todd moves out next Tuesday you think
you've won but then your phone notifies
us you have a lengthy Facebook post
Hondas written about your behavior I'm
very disappointed in my roommate Dwayne
he's been harassing me and making my
life miserable and why does he keep
wearing combat armor around the house
all of your mutual friends have liked
this message you may have some
difficulty finding a replacement combat
armor oh that's Hicks yeah okay yep so
we go back and do that again with did we
fuck something up
was that done right enough I don't I
don't we failed
I know that wait where's Mike and on
shit there's all my shit I don't know
where your shit is probably because we
failed it's gone so much shit rich I had
some my swords hey welcome back to
storage
oh that's what autocorrect states skates
do what so like right now I'm just
pressing left and I can't because like
there's a thing here yeah but if I put
autocorrect skates on and I just pressed
left or right it just kind of moves me
Oh direction it's like right now I'm
just holding up chat saying if only
there was a room that stored things yeah
but why did I lose my shit Hey because
we failed I don't know you expect me to
know all the things that's a reasonable
expectation because I am rich Evans and
you know all know things but but I don't
know this one for sure this is the thing
that you do not know you found the thing
weird guys they're all dead something's
happening this it's nighttime now or
something you know like I've never had
this I've never had this limited view
before
Oh Oh what you're under arrest
what
gems of ill Thor hat are an obsolete
form of currency but if you collect
enough perhaps you can find a vendor
who's to accept them fucking what sums
in that video or I reacted to the Star
Wars Force awakens trailer which that
toy you opened out of the box expensive
I don't know it was Mike's and I had his
authorization to open it so oh oh okay
I'm in jail that's how I got the last
thing that's neat I guess and yakking
out of jail yeah I can get out I'm just
searching around like stealth
I found a grenade oh those are grenades
which ones are burn aids I just picked
up six grenades so we can blow up the
cops
apparently throw grenades ooh names Oh
splat those are pears not grenades
up that's right why did I get stuck
there
oh I cuz I'm full of gems
you have no keys it's not gonna work I'm
trying to remember where my here's in
jail yeah hide in the jail so he won't
take you back to jail
oh you know it's the principle of not
getting caught I understand that I
understand and agree is this where my
shit was mmm the Red Room bomb pic so
there's a new thing
okay can't get that close nope Oh
apparently I needed to go into jail oh
this is time chest Jack rich you do it
I'm terrible at chess just move a guy
forward attack attack attack what the
guy oh no you're doing it wrong I don't
know what I'm doing that you do that
fuck fuck gimme gimme I gotta yeah the
same Christmas save it
I will get another beer
move
ah all right all right figuring out the
controls jack is what it is it's crazy
it's crazy town it's what it is
oh I get it I get it get it
that's your cooldown bar man he's about
to move
I believe in your agendas
what are the rules the rules are chests
for that little bar when it goes all the
way down that means you can move again
battle chess I like this
Rich's way ahead of the game don't
listen to me rich
this is happening rich chess master
boom oh snap whore Stefan I forgot which
one you were for a second
Rich's black if you're just joining us
where did you stop
you got the thing you got the thing whoo
hey go Jack you wrenched the bridge out
of the middle into his head I like that
that chest thing was great you want a
game that's just battle chest the speed
kind of chest yes can we get a stand
alone what the fuck oh I got all my shit
back and a bridge
what happened
if I told I didn't know would you
believe me okay
blue and yellow makes cyan oaky Jen oh
that's cute
what
did you do blue and yellow because we
need cyan do blue and a yellow how do I
do blue and go down and a sword the blue
and sword the yellow can you mix like
this is Mickey no I got that guy's
purple
you know what what
did I get a Siam I don't know what we're
doing for sure great
I got a bunch more keys
and I don't know what's happening okay
great we found the purple key though and
we learned more about corn what a blue
and green makes I am oh all right you
know what I still don't quite understand
what's happening oh I got the bridge
don't worry
somebody can't get it through spaces is
that what I'm understanding standing
about the bridge take off of the skates
it says on the screen
wait did we get all those things where
do you have that megasaur right yeah can
you get another one what matter oh you
know man no you didn't give that that
you thing what's that oh it's red you
don't have a red one a yellow one all
right so if we go oh shit dog what
happened I exploded it all exploded okay
well I didn't know what happened but you
did it right yep
found the red key
these colored quartz deposits sometimes
form natural internal gyroscopes
limiting their movement to one axis
thanks lady
okay okay don't wait you'll block
yourself off if you get that yeah
nice apparently I already had one of
those doesn't he need to go back and get
the cyan cue I don't even know where we
get the cyan key i if there was a way to
figure out how to get the sine key I
didn't figure it out oh well we all know
I hate supports so okay what do you want
no this does jungle glommer
support excel see our ADC this is gonna
be like a Betamax mid okay can you do
top speckler I guess it's back there
sure 12:12 that sounds good great it'd
be tourism Spackler accidentally team
kills Ignacio and tries to play it off
as denying bloomer slips away while
manga tropes princess and time cube
argue who deserves last hit more a ward
spots scull bar fur in the top half
specular leveled up Excelsior is getting
tired I don't know what this is I don't
either
great
team effectiveness is going down what
yep
okay how do we fix that can be to call a
timeout timeout Lori kajigger Betamax is
getting tired Marie kajigger hid beep
okay
Betamax is getting tired he only has two
energy oh no his energy is 5 out of 11
so we'll swap them out for Stinney and
Oh support Excelsior is dead swap them
out for Olaf and Ignacio swap them out
for go nein nein no Calphalon yeah
Guillermo boom Flint a long game play
the long game
I hit B to resume yeah boom is this a
dota text adventure yes is that what it
is I think so I'm not that familiar what
DotA's oh I'll go off quit the game need
new support 10/10
yeah
52:58 but two timeouts left
people are leveling up corpsicle is
losing it
Spackler is getting tired gentle
Spackler well now I'm gonna wait a
little bit longer is getting tired
Celsius fully rested and boom
pause speckler Spackler just levels up
so let's rest them yeah go on the twelve
twelve and then let's take out Guillermo
what about glommer what about Claire
6 of 13 sure bring Betamax back in take
camera out don't go too crazy go 8-8
yeah here we go one timeout left
here we go corpsicle hang in there
people leveling up people are regaining
health might feel okay take some dragon
ste knee leveled up car persico's losing
it got people fully rested we got people
leveling up
okay that's all right I'm waiting I got
one more time out hold we got to
corpsicle
two out of ten corpsicle two out of ten
do it wait I can wait longer no you
can't look at your ProHealth look at
your bear your Nexus health Jack we've
waited too long
what we've waited too long we're almost
dead there's two health bars I didn't
even know yeah yeah I'm just watching my
team get all the studs in there get all
the studs don't put the 1313 this is
support that's a lot of I don't know
actually I don't know about DotA's that
might be good for all I know
right sure why not right my ex come
knowledge won't help me here wait wait
wait wait wait wait wait I know I'm
looking at the skill level uh all right
not unless we do 90 dedenne 82 for team
effectiveness okay hit it jack
here we go come on come on get him good
we got we're getting them
oh we're even
we evened up weave it up good you're
doing good you're doing good up there we
go
then we got one more hit one more head
you ain't got shit on me dog the upset
of the century I don't even notice
hey Jack world is dead where you're
waiting you're waiting why are you
waiting
great
that's great bombs are going off
randomly son of a bitch you got the bomb
item what I don't have a bomb item you
had a purple bomb thing for beating the
donut oh sure I get it
I also no longer have my my sword so I
guess the bomb thing is good just why
why and where good job pulling that out
of your ass directly out of my ass thank
you very much black mushrooms where
where why why where where do you want me
to go
orange music notes I think we already
have that we already have that oh we
have no keys yeah that Kelly that killed
me wait fuck Oh didn't I didn't I
apparently don't worry didn't die well
you can see the numbers coming on me so
you know where to avoid Oh stay down
stay down lower it lower
all right go clear kid now let's blow
this thing and go home I know that
that's like the Star Wars
that's between 6 and 9 wait I mean you
were right to think to think that
okay I got it I got a new thing
I got what did you get I don't know but
it's new I have it now that's another
one of their you could have well you
couldn't get it cuz they were shrubbery
yeah I don't have my sword sit away need
to find sword and get her sword back I
don't think it matters I don't know man
I don't know why why what fucking hell
man did I get that thing I have the
other way is blocked by water yeah but I
just need another see I don't know shit
run run run or you can move the bombs
that's fun eh
this can't be right but this is the only
way I can go oh wait I have a candle do
the poof's hurt you Jack died from a
poof so yes some of the poof's hurt me
but only if I'm in the blast radius if
I'm like on the edge of the pouf they
don't hurt but if I'm if I'm directly in
the bat blast they heard I believe keep
Oh back in the church pants
Jesus flippin flacon Christ there's that
thing we might be able to jump up there
now oh nice
if the bombs don't get bombs got to it
shit no they didn't yeah what's that Oh
leo is still there but the bombs
destroyed the gems which is what we
stand on James yes oh well no oh yeah
yeah we can't stand on Jim oh because of
them because we're full of gems we're
full of stars I don't know I don't know
what puzzle is here but I can go here
now son of a bitch I can go here now and
I couldn't go here before I think of
insanity jacket sanity rich it's utter
insanity
fuck its but it's bombs are just
happening also Oh what are we even
bothering going over here for right now
cuz it's the only place I can go I think
what do we need the bomb for I don't
know I just made my way through the big
maze are you well that wasn't a Jim that
was a thing I could get Oh you tricky
fucking game I don't know the things do
know nobody does can't you see that's
just a Jim okay I'm getting out of here
metal shrugs couldn't bomb bombed this
hey hey bones check that out you haven't
done the Red Door in the church go back
god damn it you had you haven't done the
Red Door in the church think about you
think about that put that in your pipe
and smoke it
take me to church hybl five holes Aziza
buzu these buzu pursue their oh oh
that's right that's new you're right
that's new there's that red thing on the
top of the church on it that's new okay
you're right we were to where I was told
I was so focused on um I'm getting to
the other one jump you can motherfucker
you fucking egg look at you you're an
egg no god damn it
yeah egg man take it rich and Jack
weren't on BBS as much no we were not on
BBS I wasn't I can't speak for Jack
what's BBS pre-internet
it was dial-up I called a server with
your phone nope farm
tene Obama I'm really nervous about the
10th grade presidential debate mom
see no bubbles when we got
just be sure to do a good job shaving
and you'll knock them dead you do it
Obama cuz I can't do an impression can
you do anything right now are you out of
commission jack
this might have broken me hold on
aw shucks thanks mom no time limit
come on come on don't get 100% what
enough time for I never said just get to
get the mustache no no no saving the
mustache saving them up high because it
looks awesome
fuck
Michelle here's you've stated the Union
addresses in five minutes fear all
that's left is to shape well then I'll
be ready I'll let you concentrate I'll
let you concentrate son of a bitch
do it do it do it jack you know do you
get scissors cut
great looking great looking great
looking great looking great I know I'm
concentrating too much okay we're up
good enough good enough oh no this is
terrible
you can this is great
get off your nose get it off your nose
berry there we go look at he looks great
Oh Residential's a hell of a shave jack
presidential looking great
fuck yeah
so presidential boom
there's a bomb in the presidential tour
bus I'll handle this I can't let you do
that mr. president president obama
punches him fuck yeah
wait wait any more to this
I was waiting for a trick where like
that has nothing to do with diffusing
the bomb he actually had to click on the
panel and cut a wire I was waiting for
that maybe maybe we didn't have to do
that shit everyone
taras your hero they they missed it they
missed it they did I'm afraid he only
has a few hours left is there anything
we can do all we can do is make him
comfortable
what'll make me comfortable is getting
this damned top iary off my face I'll
give you some privacy
Oh elderly Obama one last shave
have you grown more hair
we got this we got this we got this
we're just gonna write the shape it's
gonna write the shaving I don't care if
I'm bloody we're gonna wait to shaven
that's a lot of blood a lot of blood
Wow very fucked up dime Obama's face
oh he was dying anywhere 1969
Lola Bella when do I get to shave first
let you know some but until then you can
help dad
yay something something's gotta be up
with this right what like what I don't
know rich
you're being extra anal this time I
think eventually we just have to like
not shave right I don't know are you
gonna give him the Hitler mustache he's
got like a little Van Dyke here mustache
go to your situation battery is running
low
yeah that's like hip get my hip hair do
traitor to xeam says this is the best
thing ever thanks for streaming you got
the thing we got the finger rich so we
won we won the thing all right what a
strange dream got the fairies are still
here once the dreamt I was President
Obama I was conscious only my happiness
I was conscious only of my happiness as
President Obama unaware that I was
myself now I do not know whether I was
then a fairy dreaming I was President
Obama or whether I am now President
Obama dreaming I am a fairy what shit
then I heard more than one tip but I'm
only seeing one in here find this one
I'm sorry I'm reading what I see I have
a bridge now rich hero I got here what
what what what happened are you losing
all your items go up what's in the sand
or
okay so we just end up back here after a
time
okay Groundhog Day
Jimmer K says if you go back to the
sewer with the bridge you can play part
two of passive-aggressive xenomorph what
oh wait we're gonna clock here that's
running yeah yeah and the clock only
goes remember back I said
11:40 this something is gonna ring now
yeah then I wake up again and so you
remember remember this yeah 1122 1147 so
we can change the clock
oh wait this can get this right this can
get me into the shop but we're had to
run because it moves fairly fast you
don't have any of your items by the way
I know I'm just setting the clock this
time oh oh this is the real clock yeah
where was it from six six to ten go
earlier than six if you can
get your things and fuck up the clock
again SEF fired back jingo no but I just
wanted to see if it started again edited
like maybe just if it's not going back
again though I bought me a little bit
it's saying you can use the torch torch
torch that's what I meant
well I didn't have it at first now I
have it find the shop find the shop find
the shadow fan shot and get gems on your
way to the shop
alright where's the shop I don't know oh
it's here it's over here have these devs
made anything else they made frog
fractions motherfucker
oh but I can't get in there because my
sword
well don't grab the sword next time
we're gonna have to reset yeah punch
yourself
yep that doesn't work apparently
son-of-a-bitch
stop it I can't turn I gotta drop the
bridge if you press the other buttons
you could change it by 10 minutes or an
hour at a time just for your information
oh that's what I was trying to do hello
we're back which one do we come from
this one down yeah can you put away your
sword oh they were sitting there where
someone just went into the door you sure
we'll move it ahead because we need to
get rid of the sword uh-huh we need to
get rid of the sword we need to reset so
when you run the sword so you can get in
the shop well no no I can just go around
the other way if I remember with you oh
no there's another way in let's find
them all right all right Lord Huff Huff
says all right I'm headed out but thanks
again for playing my game thumbs up
thank you Lord Huff huff
thank you bigoted
you can also change the am/pm yeah oh
I'm here oh you can change the reset
time yeah
what am i doing
oh my laptops out of batteries I can't
not read tips what am i what am i doing
rich I don't know I don't know what
you're doing i I just I gotta put down
this bridge that's number one
right
rich is gone I don't know where riches
I'm trying to figure this out and I'm
forgetting where everything is
alright alright I'm seein what's
happenin
so what's up everyone how's it how's it
um how's it hanging
how's everyone doing
hopefully everyone's having a good time
I'm glad everyone came out today
figuring out a little a little frog
fractions too you know
maybe do this wrong
I reset me
any reason why that didn't work is there
any reason why that didn't work is there
any reason that I didn't work huh
gosh darn it
I'm gonna try a different tactic I'm
gonna try the using of the bridge tactic
Oh or that works oh there's a little guy
there's a little guy rich let's take a
little guy running around there's a
little guy running around well if you
can find him that is great do we turn on
the torture yes okay
that clerk is asleep
the laptop is on the charger right now I
need a yellow key rich I do not have a
yellow key what happens if I stay in
here after it closes yeah can you have
yellow okay before I got another thing
maybe you have to be an employee to get
in to get the yellow key is there an
application what
it's gonna hang out in here until after
they close see what happens
so my sort around see a message here
great clerk is asleep
it's a wicker basket okay I'm just gonna
hang out here till it's only a little
bit I figured out what it was it wasn't
getting rid of my sword it was using the
bridge by the way three more letters and
we'll be done with the game is that true
yeah what letters I think those are
letters over there I think is the idea
all right we're almost done swing my
little most plan playing it to
completion if we're close what time is
it
talk to the shopkeeper
try the door watch yourself okay I work
at least you can punch yourself okay so
we need to become an employee or we have
to get a yellow key or something you
might need to purple all of the letters
that sounds reasonable
I'm sorry what we might need to make all
of the letters purple what is that green
are can you pick up that green I
actually cannot pick up that girl what
is it I did I picked it up before so
what's the deal with that monster on the
side then t-rex we have to be able to
get out there right I'd love to be able
to tell you man I would just love to say
what all the things are bound wait
Shepard there you are here's the report
on those donuts you asked us to get
after a vicious battle with the black
hole black hole Suns mercenary group we
claimed their great treasure that
cruller of despair then Jack just
straight-up ate it classic Jack that's
Jack we had no luck on Trident because
Thane assassinated every single Baker
before they could bake us a donut I
guess they were particularly evil
Baker's but still annoying here's your
Mass Effect tie-in by the way yeah yeah
Marla the pleasant the pleasantly chubby
was going to give us one of her
doughnuts but then Miranda started
talking about how annoying it was to be
genetically perfect and
Erlich kicked us out of her harem colony
bakers and quorum chased us out with
pastry forks as soon as they saw
professor solace turns out he's
responsible for giving their donut
sentience and teeth which is a bad
combination the CEO was celebrating some
weird holiday were young a sorry try to
sneak a jelly donut into a just a car's
pocket for good luck SMERSH says to tell
you you're welcome for the donut and you
over 5,000 credits for dry-cleaning
someone named sticky fingers Larsen
Larsen Ian sent Garris message saying
remember our bet that I can only steal
this yada yada yada yada yada yada yeah
yeah now I'm Irene all this shit oh my
god oh my god okay
great what is the what of the purple and
green doors do oh the remember the green
door I don't even remember there and a
purple door is here okay so we got all
this shit all right
rich Retd please oh my god I got so
bored reading it oh oh wait I think I
can do some with the purple thing we
need this reading all the shit is the
point of playing this and one more
remember you have a bridge that lets you
pass over walls let's see what's up top
first well I'm trying to I'm trying to
use my bridge yeah go can I just do this
trying to pass over water but apparently
that is nothing right oh here we go now
you got that one square of water you can
to the right yeah there I don't think
the gem factory no we've not been here
great mr. purple you thing to the right
wish we had that key I think so hmm I
see no gems being produced in this
Factory perhaps it's tea time the thing
the thing in the door were you would you
go over here form you said the purple
key no no the blue key there was a blue
thing oh my god the purple thing but we
needed the blue key to get the purple
thing oh we try to repaint this room
since postpartum depression incident but
the fairy historic preservation said he
never approved the permit
oh my god why are up in the sky I've
noticed fucking sword
you know what I've noticed we can fight
that dinosaur monster guessing created
by Warren Warren Robert when a random
raffle in fairy power magazine to get
his name in the game that's a reference
to a soul the thing nice you spilled
something I get it ah your keys are all
pink do they need to be I don't know I
know we can't get that one thing in the
purple room the purple thing in the room
no great
remember how the green key fucked you
over someone is saying no I don't we'll
miss the door on roof fucking ask you oh
yeah there's door down there son of a
bitch sort of Oh fucking now one gem on
top of the gems to get the blue thing I
say riff weird roof roof roof whatever
hey maybe go back and I think I can't
against a herding cats I know jack
missed a thing I don't think you can get
it now because his keys are all orange
or pink mics what what oh no oh shit
yeah what if we didn't have a mic
what what what Duke Duke - Duke of Earl
Earl Earl Duke of Earl oral Earl lead
begin
Oh widen higher lower to get your blue
stripe at the red oh my god
this is I don't know what I'm doing oh
just you know what if you just talk
normal
I just don't know we keep time I can't
work yeah oh my god
9/11 was an inside job
Obama's a secret Muslim this is
absolutely terrible Rachel I think I
think are you talking super fun
one year so we want the blue stripe
lined up with the red we don't know how
to sing du du-uh du-uh du-uh du-uh
something some that summer do doo wop
new
I don't think we're gonna lose we're
gonna lose and then that's gonna be the
whole stream the lines key what what I
don't know what's going on yes we see
that the cars are racing and that we're
losing hmm what are we supposed to do
about this shit please be safe
I don't think that the voice has
anything to do with it it's just a troll
quite likely go back in
ah great start fuck it I'll do we wanna
like this base for me
I don't know baritone tenor what are
these things mean I think one of us just
needs to say one of us just needs to
sing yeah all right gonna be bass ready
you want to do it or you Oh
Oh
lower
fucking nail him
fucking nail then I'm a musical oh fuck
I'm a musical genius
you're welcome everyone yeah sure honey
honey pie honey pie what have you say
then okay okay we did it we did it what
did we do it we did it how embarrassing
I agree you know what we did it so fuck
y'all wait how do we get in here again I
don't know I just know our keys are all
fucked up oh yeah we have pink keys
again still not again still there's a
difference what do they say to us now
that we're Orange talk to the person do
they not recognize this I'm curious nope
where do we where do we go where do we
come from the shop we found the gem
Factory which was up north oh yeah go up
north I'm gonna show you something
go to the gym factory yeah go over the
bridge see you're right
yeah that was some thing you could have
gotten no no we can still get that that
just says yes sent to page centipedes
nearby yeah so we need to kill the
centipede yes so we can still do that
thing you need to be whipped we have to
grit some gems so we can stab him
properly yeah but but what apparently
I'd no longer have my fire which gets
rid of gems I have pairs is your torch
in storage
what can we get rid of our own gems
I found a purple key I'm good we might
need that lantern or Kendall
it's Parrish now we have a pair
okay well we get that one that's
something
he's busy okay I got one
maybe if I throw all my pears tread
let's get all we can first good good
good oh did I mess up you watch yourself
it's blocked punch myself there we go so
just this guy right here use the bridge
that's a good idea
hey can you can you get the bridge no
can you get it from the other corner
there no it's designed so that you can't
get the bridge oh oh oh wait was this
thing over there yeah
uh-huh
okay good work Jack did something I did
something right well now I just got to
skim along the entire edge of this right
oh wait there's another thing up there
here there's two messages here now all
right well then we'll see here that's
weird
don't I think lots of things are weird
yes that's also true I'd like to kill
the centipede do we still have the torch
I don't know I have pairs can you get
rid of the perish I'll try throw in all
the pairs take it to the bridge I said
take it to the bridge
I don't know that thing we just got see
what happens if we go to the bridge take
take what to the bridge we don't I don't
know I read the things the thing we just
got was a letter people are crazy
five four pairs well that turns things
okie turn it into a green door
oh my fire came back haha I just needed
to get rid of my pairs I got I got a
purple thing I don't know if I can
handle any more corn factoids you know
Sam yep all right
wait go up how do we get that centipede
can we use the bridge to get that
through the wall or something I don't
know if we need to sweep
it's not know what your guess is just as
good as mine did we get all the things I
don't know what we got and where we got
them Jack I don't know because that's
the name of the game right now is just
finding all of the purple things so like
like there's a purple thing we need for
example it's not one we need yeah
oh do I already have that okay I already
have that purple thing okay so then we
go there's a red key in there I don't
know if I still need that or what I
and we were over here a little bit ago
you guys been to the area to the far
right and down past the red Dyer bushes
we still haven't gotten past the metal
Dyer bushes bridge to the blimp bridge
to the blimp and reading the things
already unlocked gamepad support
motherfucker that's the thing then we
get that already I don't know I really
don't know oh yeah we did
take the bridge into the blimp
take the bridge into the bump you can't
you cannot I will show you why in just a
moment I'll check this air Oh this area
also I cannot get the bridge but I got
all those so it's cool laptops on the
charger I'll check tips before we're
done
let's pick musical note in there bridge
to that thing what I got that to the
right oh yeah we need that how do we get
there from the blue thing up top there's
another thing you need at the top right
- is there what's over that way what's
over right from here I think that's
bring the bridge with you you can get
two things let's go down maybe and to
the right I think that's where the metal
bushes are at that if we can't get pests
let's find out okay hey you know what
rich we got a plan oh we got ourselves
them get the fuck I need to turn I need
a wife kita turn off auto skates okay
fuck you too
fucking sword alright Oh
oh yeah yeah you see that's right we
haven't been what's in there or two in
that door is there anything in there
what have we been down down what's in
that thing there in the middle of all
that arrow junk the oh yeah we've been
in there okay it's this area right we
haven't killed anything in here since
we've gotten the sword we don't need to
kill anything we need to go there's
there's a door to the left yeah and I
bet and usually those doors only open
when you kill everything okay so I'm
guessing that we need to kill everything
in this room
fYI you can kill those shooters oh you
can kill the things on the left that
shoot that would be that would be
incredibly helpful if Hammurabi wouldn't
keep killing you that'd be great fucking
sword nope no fucking sword hey got to
him you know what I got two of them also
they can shoot through my bridge just
putting that out there I did not know
they could shoot through my bridge I
thought I was kind of protected that's
it now okay
okay
it's fine it's fine everything is fine
Hammurabi yeah the purple things are
supposed to be gorillas right that's not
what they're supposed to be didn't
somebody say I think that's just in your
head man well the one thing we're lions
and the other thing were cockroaches I
think I think the fairy mentioned
something about purple gorillas but yeah
I've been wrong before
I think the fairies and something about
purple gorillas which is a normal thing
that you say when talking about this
game okay all right kill the thing come
here day
he's come here day okay we got we got
one yes done what's the other yes
you need to keep some of the gorillas
alive
you killed prematurely well how the fuck
was I supposed to know you weren't
son of a bitch ass no gorillas knew so
how do i how do i how do I get the
gorillas back I don't know jack reset at
the end of the day right but here's the
thing it doesn't know what stop doing
that I tried to get to real you know
I'll try again a lot you change the time
it resets that okay so what if I make it
reset at 10:00 at 11 o'clock at 11:00
11:00 o'clock
nope apparently that doesn't work all
right I don't know oh yeah I don't know
either I don't know maybe move a few
rooms over for it to respond question
mark nope what's to the right of that
path no I can't I think there's a button
to turn the alarm on the alarm and
somebody saying oh did it turn it off
right alright let's make sure let's make
sure the alarm is on
oh okay
I don't have time
I can just turn the alarm off yeah all
right great so I can get on a shit but
we can't kill the grill that area to the
right yeah that's right and then the one
room the green you said you couldn't get
there without your sword have you been
in there before
yeah it's just a pass okay never mind
them I was gonna say before you grab the
sword
okay now we're ready to rock back up
here don't kill that guy
okay what happens if the killer didn't
kill them so you know not much but I
just didn't want to okay so leave the
guerrillas those guys does it say
specifically centipedes make sure the
door opened centipedes okay I didn't
want to kill
that doesn't say all of the gorillas
need to be alive but I can understand
you not wanting to risk it right son of
a bitch wait wait try it
stop it fucking hate the sword yes I
know no not the sword skate remove
skates oh there we go can you grab me
ridge Turnpike rumble strip
I don't know if my
well you need to go down right this is
the bridges yeah it's like straight down
there but reach no it's got to be a way
to get it this way you can turn the
bridge I don't think there is do you
think trigger on the alarm is how you
get that one guy to wake up no idea the
shop owner yeah
I don't know man I don't think this is
it all right I thought for a second that
would be able to get like town to be big
enough but I guess it's not
oh wait that's weird
oh yeah yeah I like your thinking
I like there we go now right now move
the bridge No
so close this is this is we have the
right idea now well I just need to area
nope I think you like get on top of it
yeah yeah
what try to figure out how to do this
put it down go up and grab it from the
top looking a little lower with it look
oh yeah can you grab put the sword move
the sword she can kind of grab it from
there you go
we already have that letter not a purple
it's not okay one two three four five
five more things to get unless there's
three more gold ones we don't have no
we're looking for the purple ones
oh you mean yeah this possibility check
anything's possible rich I really hope I
really hope not though you know yeah my
sanity is is barely hanging out we might
not finish it we need to be prepared we
need to be prepared for that mentally
and emotionally
see here's the other end of that verse
what don't we have somebody's gonna
bring the bridge into the blimp yeah and
I thought I remembered and I couldn't
but
out of my way monkeys where's my bridge
hey my bridge
what what wait I'll leave it up here
thank you do what I did
clam bridge get my way shrubbery yeah
see if I come over here I lose my bridge
oh just go with ya so I want to say my
blimp adventure is done I obviously do
not know because is there a way to know
you know without go back and look and
then we get somewhere weird
oh it's there we just couldn't see it
apparently that's bull hockey uh yeah
what's that red thing up there a bomb no
we don't want that no we don't what's
the surrounded by boxes there's a
monster why is that monster surrounded
by boxes I think that was a puzzle
earlier yeah that was a puzzle earlier
because we need to kill all these guys
in order to okay okay in order to open a
door okay okay all right so can we get
anywhere weird with this like gonna go
up here up here in the other room sure
sure
do what you must
this is real life no it's just fantasy I
feel like I'm caught in a landslide man
who's like a dragon 300 Ragan that's
indeed
ditch this thing
I just tell if there's anything over
here
Oh so sorry
okay so great doing great everything's
great that's great
there is only one dragon head hey come
on
I mean I want to say I got it
oh that's just the white key in there
all right all right
what about down away well yeah and you
know what we have a we have the bridge
yeah yeah
okay let's bring the bridge in here and
see if we can fuck around a little bit
I'm assuming that means that doesn't
work what about down which means that
when I when I go all the way down it
kind of jumps back up Oh like that
alright well thanks Internet this has
been a bust bringing this back in here
Ange stage shit in here they're saying
you got real good at using this sorta
huh the saying you got real good at
using the song fuck yeah I'm sort of man
most of the right did we get everything
I don't care anymore just more bullshit
my god just more bullshit rich wait what
did that blimp used to say I thought I
said something something sewer yeah we
didn't limbs viewer that's funny
we client use the bridge no cuz the
broom the bridge disappear disperse do
you get out of here nor money Lim the
spewer I like it I'm not ready to call
him a jack oh I've been ready to call
him after so long right why didn't you
say anything because I'm I am weak what
I'm weak link say well one more thing
well this over by the dire bushes to
remember the dire bushes yeah let's go
over there okay I think that's up here
over here my sword isn't sharp enough
you know there's that monkey over there
too we're not the dire Bush's though do
you remember those the red ones yeah
what was on the other side of those was
there more do we explore everything that
was over there Oh Jack you're genius I
just wanna go up there get this Jimmy
you're an accidental genius I'll take it
son of a bitch
that's right a roll helicopter pad go
straight up
wait no over listen I think that's the
thing you can get that that purple thing
in there yeah the one on the to the
right isn't a thing you can grab that
looks like one of the keys or one of the
letters I think it's a thing you can
secretly grab to the right it's purple
no no no no no no no no no down right
there I'm fucking genius Jack a fucking
genius
best way to hide something jack plain
sight plain side god this looks like a
decoration what's another purple one is
that a thing too or no wouldn't that be
a kicking with you yeah okay okay just
help disguise the other one yep no it's
full purple things I don't know what
you're talking about
well that's got to be a way
all right read the door first this time
remember I didn't might not be too late
just read the door master using it and
you're gonna hope with this all right
said I think it is just kill everything
murder kill the spawners first murder
from above
good work good work I am a murder man oh
yeah
budge bridge a bridge of course of
course bridge
hello bridge sword okay that's not what
I wanted at all okay
the bowl full of liquor
there's another one in the shop are we
in the shot we the other side of the
shop
Oh God other blue versions of the
letters to the Frog notices you
presumably ribbit it says gesturing at
the rotten fruit behind it rub and it
always so we can hit oh can you hi look
in the right can you highlight those
letters not currently under there the
one that's sitting next to is that kind
of pee with the top of the pee cut off
that one try that and no road and we're
end the Frog ignores you and repeats ok
so just do what he's saying
and they nothing
what is he saying those fruits you took
either things here we can take that at
lab resemble is now or maybe he done the
other way throw a pair at him try it
okay the Frog rushes to catch the fruit
and takes a bite
it says happily holding up the fruit
processor growth of the fruit see and
says how much more of this I don't know
until Jack finally turns his fucking
thing off I'll be done soon
she's probably wanting to cook food soon
I hope if Jack ever finishes playing
this fucking game ah great what happened
oh you're you're over here I'm in the
menu alright so what now
VI mode DDR mode oh no oh no Jack Jack
is this the end of the game I don't
think so
I I don't unless somebody who's beaten
this and knows for fucking sure I am
dumb Karen monster big for Carol
probably hungry she's been waiting for
me I'm half an hour later than the
latest she would expect
