Episode 704
A bit of Master Spy
January 30, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSrqadS3Sks
___________________________________________

we will see if we are streaming now
hello am I streaming is anyone is anyone
there it's just me no it's happening
it's happening right now the stream is
happening right this exact moment hello
stream there we go hello welcome
beefcake settle down you're hearing me
great great great i'm going to master
spy i turn it down a mine as a loud game
sorry i'm running a little i'm running a
little bit late for some reason I this
game didn't want to go into the game
capture so I'm just once again doing a
monitor capture and rich just called me
hold on i'm gonna call rich Evans back
he just called me he's not here right
now hi hi I'm gonna call rich Evans back
this is not a Jackson's room
huh we'll see I like to pass on
knowledge hi Karen no thank you yep
alright seen a bit right ok that was
rich and Karen rich went to go get Karen
we have a great idea for first stream
tonight we were doing an episode audio
and naval weblog wow I don't know what
that means okay great so we had a great
idea for an episode what we are going to
do later is Karen who is kind of a
novice gamer not a hardcore gamer casual
gamer we are going to have Karen play
the stanley parable she has never played
it before I did she's probably never
heard of it before to get a non hardcore
gamers reaction to the Stanley parable a
new review yeah we were we filmed a
review and we had a discussion on what
someone who wasn't a hardcore gamer
would think of the Stanley parable and
so rich rich went to go get Karen and
I'm starting to stream and I'm going to
play master spy while we wait for them
they called to see if I wanted a
sandwich they were getting sandwiches so
will she yes she will listen to it will
get her headphones so she will listen to
it and and so rich and I will still talk
a little bit but chill
you
oh look I got it I would like a little
invisibility cloak nice I can't move as
fast with my invisibility cloak and I
wonder if it runs out Lou I got caught
he is great oh come on I can do this I i
I'm rich and care you know Richie Rich
has a very different schedule than me i
think i've talked about this we got done
filming at like 745 and rich that you
know rich was gonna go get Karen and it
goes do you want lunch at
seven-forty-five in the PM can't you
even a map where does this guy end up
all the way well I'm not gonna make it
I'm not gonna make it I'm gonna make it
oh nice i'm a master spy don't know if
you knew that no want to get you might
want to get the overwhelmingly positive
bundle deadbolt is a whole lot of fun i
play dead bolt I don't need to get
deadbolt I have deadbolt already
boom I'm a master spy don't know if you
know that about me oh there's a dog oh
now there's a dog go down here a
passive-aggressive sleeping schedule
it's just his sleeping schedule it's not
oh oh shit this dog can't touch my dog
nope
boom hey eat a dog fuck he dug the dog
knows right the dog can smell me it's
like wedlock deadbolt know it's kind of
like a wood lucky how much but
personally how much did everyone loved
rogue one I am still just got oh I can
jump up these okay that changes the game
you know me I'm just personally shocked
that anyone enjoyed it boom oh oh I
wasn't paying attention and I moved
Lloyd beats we started the stream we're
here I'm screaming I enjoyed rogue one
and then I saw that other people the
other people who liked it and I don't
know if I like it anymore it listen if
if you like throat one that's great like
find enjoyment where you can find it man
but you know I just uh it didn't do it
for me did not do it for me I jump down
no oh ok that's what that button does
figuring out all the buttons oh this
would be great to play on my classic
what am I supposed to do here there's
two da goes down there
ought to be a great one to play on my
classic NES USB wrong button wrong
button we're Oviatt rogue one is like a
Soviet propaganda film only the
institution is supporting a Star Wars
kind of I'm really excited to see did
you guys see the trailer for that like
Russian Avengers with like a bear man I
am so excited it's called like guardians
or something the Guardians I am exact
off I'm exactly super stoked to see that
okay I think I get down uncloak uncloak
on the way down then jump back up so
it's like wait for him to come back
because you can move better when you're
uncloaked let's know that I'm cutting
this who looks guardians of the galaxy
two it's a Russian production beefcake
what's it called what's it called
guardians looks awesome I was just
called guardians yeah it's a Ritz it's
produced like by the the Russian state
and so it's pure it's going to be pure
Russian propaganda which I mean that's
awesome it's awesome see you suckers oh
I'm a master spy oh no the real net boy
I was here earlier with rich
alright there's a camera so that's what
we need to be loved the music of this i
really wish i would have bought the
soundtrack now this game was on sale for
two bucks it might still be on sale for
two bucks it's right it's like ten
dollars and it was on sale for two bucks
it was like ah fuck it got by it and i
really wish i would have spent the extra
buck to get the sound track the killer
soundtrack all right we can do this oh
oh oh oh it's it would be great to know
which ones I could jump up in which ones
I don't know we can't jump up on Oh cop
from the camera sometimes I'm not sure
which platforms I can jump up on and
apparently this is apply for my kin jump
up on
oh gosh darn it I'll get it I'll get it
nope until I get to the key and jump up
but out of sight of that guard I can do
it oh oh sorry drew to Kate yeah I do
you see that little key card right
underneath my character my willow wiggle
character there's a tiny little key card
I'll actually hold on for a second this
game is like four by three I can make it
a little bit bigger for y'all be a bit
bigger oh right now Game Capture display
capture hold on because this game is in
four by three so boom we can do that hi
and resume ok so right under my
character now you can probably see it a
little bit better is a little key card
and I need that key card to get into the
door but there's a little camera right
to the right of me and up a little bit
camera can't look at me there's this
security guard who can't see me cloaked
but the dog can smell me so i got i have
to be faster so once the camera turns i
got addie club jump down grab the thing
and jump back up just got to get the
timing right just got to get the timing
right
who there we go jack is a considerate
entertainer I'm try I'm trying to reach
and Karen on the way Karen will be
playing the stanley parable yes yes that
is what is happening and and so also
just you know for your general knowledge
because karen is playing the stanley
parable rich and I oh shit rich and I
might like not talk we might listen it
might be a quiet evening we really want
to get the reactions of of a casual
gamer
Oh got cotton seen any of the agdq
stream awesome games done quickly no I
haven't seen any of that I think I
caught a highlight of the shovel Knight
run which looked awesome I i missed the
shovel knight speeder on which looked
great but but awesome games done quickly
is a lot of fun and I hope everyone's
having a good time watching it oh so
close
you seen the I still have not seen the
alien covenant trailer I just don't care
like Prometheus I think I'm a little
more I think I'm a little like more easy
going on Prometheus than most people are
like I thought Prometheus was alright
that just had some problems in the third
act so it kind of fell apart Oh nope
that's not i do that in the third act
but a fuck I fell down but I really
don't care oh come on
it's a game changer knowing that I can
jump up on that ledge clogs just got it
I have to figure out this part I feel
like this is the right way to go because
this one seems like it's slightly closer
to the door though it's probably the
exact same so I'm trying to when the
guys are all the way on the outside jump
in between them to get to the door yes
there we go boom sometimes using explain
is for you guys playing your idea nice
is by my dear Tom Hardy is bad and
everything tom hardy was great as Max
you fuck are you forgetting about med
mix there's a dog
how the ever-loving fuck
okay so I need to cloak to get past this
guard below me uncloak so I can move
fast enough to jump up up to get the
thing and then when i get to the third
floor d cloak and nope it's all about
timing and by the time I get to the top
level all those guards need to be
looking the other way so I can cloak
again
but I was cloud fuck I felt really good
about that nope nope
boom pretty great at this game great in
the rev Tom Hardy's great I think Tom
Hardy's a fine actor I think I've heard
that he's like kind of a dick head in
real life but uh everything's fine actor
oh we got that we got multi dog got
multi dog this is one of those scope it
out what
it'd be great if I could like take a
guard out but I don't think the game
will let me do that nope
you know I give you I wonder if I can
sneak up behind a garden and I take them
out covertly nope come on
Oh
all right what are we going to do here
what do we got to do here
hope
super Sneaky gotta get in front of this
one now ok I'll llama good we can do
this we can do this look there we go did
it that I kind of love my super-secret
Scott spy cloak I think it's adorable
it's really a cloak and he looks like
he's bundling up and I think it's great
I'm kind of great at this game right
don't mean to brag also totally mean to
brag nope oh hello Oh
I'm here for the interview he is great
oh good my name is master spy
okay yes Karen will be playing the
stanley parable as we want we want a
casual gamer to play it as I feel like
one of the downsides of the stanley
parable stanley parable is a great game
we're both rich and i really love it i
feel like the only downside to it is you
need some sort of understanding of kind
of the tropes of first-person shooters
and walking simulators and that stuff to
fully to fully get it and so we just
wondered what would happen if if someone
you know like a casual gamer playing so
that's what we're having Karen do
Stanley parable is great this is not a
jack sola we're just waiting for rich
and care
spy grade now this I'm okay with that I
got caught 44 times I did not seem like
44 times tell you what certainly did not
oh look at that airplane what was she's
pretty
ya know it's game playing the same is
Karen playing Stanley parable and
experiment for the next prereq up stone
yes yes it is are you guys gonna miss
the oh yeah yeah hold on tight beer
somebody get that pace bed okay got it
Thank you Thank You Tiberius we will
read the subs we missed from the last
stream thank you don't know what
happened can we skip all this great
weekend
playing some stardew valley with the
stream on good times yeah that's
I am a master spy
oh I'm not a master spy and I got caught
I got caught again there's a window for
when they can see her though and while
not adding a cot and I got dead back
when I said it rude that i really get
caught 44 times apparently the answer is
yes
boom boom
I'm sure I have to go up gosh darn it
would you look at that malarkey
nope
it's gonna be tricky there we go oh I
got the documents yeah
Oh
this is intense jack is the worst by a
yeah the spine is wearing this outfit in
a jungle because he has an invisibility
cloak so he's invisible anywhere thank
you seriously what's up malarkey yeah
yeah that way you know that was a
malarkey move I'm sorry I'm sorry to use
that kind of language I know we're
trying to be more family-friendly stream
and you know my apologies oh ok are you
got the ends there's like a checkpoint
system which is interesting
Wow
how did I get caught 44 times how did I
get caught 44 how did I get caught 44
times ha
ah you can see me all the sacking hell
that other guy didn't see me right away
that other guy didn't see me right away
oh my god wait till it turns now gotta
wait till he turns now and then hey I'm
already streaming so if you guys want to
eat and what none well I will get it set
up for you some subbies gosh darn it
everybody say out of Karen can I richer
here can I richer here but they're gonna
eat I've heard it's an ice storm out
there it's terrible weather here in
beautiful Wisconsin I'll find it I'll
find the timing don't you worry I'll
find that timing so basically I need to
get past this laser death while he's
walking away then cloak before he sees
me I can do it
no I can't nope patience master spies
need page how did I die 44 times that's
all I'm thinking about because you're a
dummy
yeah supernus this is master spy
motherfucker look at this i got a new
invisibility cloak this is fucking
awesome it's uh you know what it's
pretty badass he was on sale for two
bucks to mother fucking dollars rich is
pretty excited about sneaky spy stuff
rich wants to be a sneaky spy rich likes
being a sneaky spy I don't know what
that says about him I'm not ready not
ready
oh fuck
probably says that I know rich yearns
for adventure didn't feel that
matter of fact
that's fine
we can do this everybody I believe in me
I believe in us I believe in the power
of the stream
oh I still believe in us I still believe
in the power of the stream but you know
it's just going to take a little bit
longer it's just going to take a little
bit longer
boom whoo
can you be a chicken as I if you could
you know i would have chosen that so
obviously the answer is no you know if
there's a be a girl option i usually
take that dog
nope
to do
did I say fart time know what to feel
hey who's giving out my passwords that's
not cool dad usually I prefer playing as
women in games because then I get to
look at women and listen to women while
I play games which I would prefer as
I've stated in the past if you have to
have someone whispering exposition to
you for the entirety of you know 2040
our game wouldn't you rather it be a
girl I would master spy got the
documents
I got the documents
don't think I can make it up that
without being uncloaked so it nope nope
I knew that I jump too early that hold
excuse that that's it I like looking at
ladies it's just that easy I like
looking at ladies what oh cuz they saw
me take the card malarkey actually that
makes it what
ah i missed a jumper I tried to jump
there
do I have to make the jump from there I
feel like I'm missing something I feel
like I'm missing something so we're just
gonna jump over dude some more here hope
we're not missing anything i just miss
time I jump great great we did it just
outsource jack is a perv my like ladies
can't help that like ladies like looking
at ladies like listening to ladies no
cop no God that's just me
[Music]
come on cow horn nope how did I get
caught 44 times
hi Karen you'll sit here when it is time
to start well you know I figured figured
I'd get something started while you guys
were waiting I wasn't sure how long it
would take you guys because of the epic
snowstorm yeah big streets are okay yeah
what
I sent some malarkey happening here
do I need to do a thing where it's like
I stop in between them is that a thing
that needs to happen that's what I'm
sensing i'm going to try stopping in
between them that is what needs to
happen
okay figured it Karen vine man it's not
how many times jack about 44 de I was
surprised by how many times I got caught
until I paid attention to you know it
all
oh that's a platform oh that's a
platform some platforms could use a
little better recognizability
she is saying nope nope nope nope hey
okay we can do this we can do this we
can do this we can do this we can do
this we can do this we can do this we
can do this we can do this we can do is
go yeah super awesome I'm a master spy
I'm a super sneaky spy 0 the fuck level
man it's great oh I see the dog there's
a dog oh superdog so it doesn't matter
if I'm cloaked oh that's bull hockey got
it I have an impressive array of swears
that aren't swears for for quite some
time it was very important to my wife
that I do not did not swear in front of
my children they know cuss words now so
you know everything's fair game button
oh yeah well you know what the we taught
them how to use you swearing responsibly
that's important and you know don't do
it at school because you'll get in
trouble boom don't well you never want
to be the first person to swear in any
given situation if someone else wears
fair game that's that's my role rich
just cursed loudly from the kitchen
need to add his two cents to this
conversation I thought maybe something
bad happened right and maybe dropped a
sandwich or something that would be a
tragedy that would be a tragedy nope we
gotta do here what are we gonna do here
what are we gonna do here what do I
gotta do here what do we got to do here
I can't be cloaked cuz I got to move
fast what is it only been there for just
jack scott shit pretty much everywhere I
don't know this isn't mine what is this
what is all this stuff okay well you
know what it's time to get to the main
event anyway hold your horses playing a
little animal crossing on your 3d s okay
give me one moment here i will get out
of your hair you take the seat of Honor
what point I'm gonna want to fuck up the
framing too much what the framing we
don't want to fuck about framing too
much what do you do you further back
should we zoom in the cam cam girl foot
the the chat cam the stream cam no no no
but I need a booster sad definitely need
booster seat yeah festa cuz this is a
lower seat than riches that makes me
look even littler so what what did you
say when I when I showed up to pick you
up about the game yeah I said that I saw
a walkthrough and I can't remember the
title of it what did you think either
this not that yes / what you reply what
was the game that where it looks like
you're playing it with collecting evil
Furbys so that they can have their like
satanic ritual and you're trying to
avoid your mom and their evil Furby mom
and collect eggs full of like cat poop
and litter and cat hair and stuff and
it's all at Christmas time and you kind
of sneak out you're sneaking your Furby
out of its presence except it's not
really a furby and it's all kind of very
80s and 90s you're sneaking around the
basement no idea what the fuck you're
talking about or where you saw whatever
this is tattletale that's it it's a
thing and Richard probably like it is it
a dream that I had maybe I think for
heard of tattletale yeah I knew Santa
I'm not yours like Morgan the door like
it when you make me play that thing with
the furbies and you learned the furbies
up for the free booze and eggs you
collect the eggs like what what the fuck
are you talking about that I did
something with my hair not too much I
gotta cut recently they notice those
things the the streaks in it are just
the way I was born who's Karen who
indeed who is Karen you don't care about
this music wit these are the questions
in Rich's fiance plant reg don't we have
a different the future do they know
what's on the plate for tonight yeah
yeah I gave them that I don't there's
some kind of game they're gonna make me
play we're gonna make we're gonna make
you play a video game I know you're in
the control group you don't have to be a
great game oh that's that's the point
the my eye I came up with a theory that
the game we're going to have sorry that
the game we're going to have you play is
kind of only appreciated by those who
understand all the tropes of the Jean
Ron who are like super hardcore gamers
you this is not that kind of stream
we're gonna get 0 is just t-shirt Justin
t-shirt oh my damn
you're an admitted casual gamer yes and
so what we want that's a great shirt by
the way available at redlettermedia dr.
chance so we want you to play this game
and just kind of react naturally to it
okay tell us what you like it no what
you feel about it yeah Stan what's going
on if you don't if you don't mind that
you understand what's going hey Jane
right here looks kind of like graphics
circuit 99 oh that's that's not what
we're playing Oh God not that that's a
bad thing I was a big fan of Mario
circuit 1990 they were a bowl it's great
shirt by stretching nice soft cotton
they do run a little bit small i didn't
i just spoke terrible terrible pa RA ble
nice i got it right got him right nailed
it should we show her the trailer first
ah no just go right go right in all
right in the Stanley search
ap remix exhales so what the hell is
that x-men so that's a person's name in
the chat Oh thought it was like eczema
or something exit we've been an example
on my own eczema is a very different
thing you were a member of mensa but
then you got hit in the head and you
were too stupid to be in there any
longer and they kick you out and then
you got to give you a badge is your
x-men so I get scaly skin on your arms
do we ever tell you about your exit
maxman x-men sup okay did we ever tell
you when we when we went to the mensa
halloween party you went to a mental
Halloween party our friend was in Mensa
for a while face oh and she wanted us to
come with her to her Mincy halloween
party so he dressed up and we were we
were a theme she was gestures wearing a
spiderweb dress with like the outlines
of a countenance on it and she was the
world wide web and we made rich a teepee
costume when he was an ftp an F on the
TP yeah and I and I was dressed as a is
a Native American with that with an
oversized magnifying glass and I was a
search engine actually that's great yeah
then let's say that I had mono and
infection and like the next day they had
to like take me to the emergency place
my temperature was 104 oh no but I was
like dying or so we lost the chat Wow
laptop oh yeah all rights right there so
it was an eventful week all around yeah
sounds that's weekend weirdness that
sounds sorry I'm fly