Episode 705
A Novice Plays - The Stanley Parable
January 31, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PK5H_rUF_m8
___________________________________________

man you quit oh wait be in the game
normal I think this should be right to
see if it starts the interim doesn't
double quitting this is a story of a man
named Stanley Stanley worked for a
company in a big building where he was
employee number 4 - 7 Nye
number 4 - 7 he Saturday's desk in
spacious 4 to 7 and Hickey orders came
to him through a monitor on the desk
this is what employee 4 to 7 did every
day considered it
Stanley relished every but somehow I
think that I'm going to say something
very peculiar and something that would
forever change Stanley something he
would never quite forget
he had been at his desk for nearly an
hour when he realized that not one
single order had arrived on the monitor
victim to follow no one had showed up to
give him instructions call a meeting or
even say hi never in all his years of
the company and this happened this
complete isolation something was very
clearly more a shocked frozen solid Stan
had found himself unable to move for the
longest time but as he came to his wits
and regained his senses he got up from
his desk and stepped out of his office
[Music]
the other one the other one steers your
head when Stanley came to a set of two
open doors he entered the door knees led
if you can have to look around you don't
need the buttons much
yet there was not a single person here
either feeling a wave of discipline Dean
Stanley decided to go up to his boss's
office hoping he might find an answer
there would you be more comfortable with
mouse and keyboard okay good to know
how do I open the door
Stanley stepped into the broom closet
but there was nothing here so he turned
around and got back on track
coming to a staircase Stanley walked
upstairs to his boss's office
stepping into his managers office
Stanley was once again stunned to
discover not an indication of any human
life shocked unraveled
Stanley wondered in disbelief who
orchestrated this what dark secret was
being held from him what he could not
have known was that the keypad behind
the boss's desk guarded the terrible
truth that his boss had been keeping
from him and so the boss had assigned it
an extra secret pin number two eight
four five
but of course Stanley couldn't possibly
have known this
Stanley just sat around twiddling his
thumbs trying to input anything on the
device was useless since he could never
possibly know that the combination is 2a
- oh shit
we corrected it over again - eight four
five
it's incredibly by simply pushing random
buttons on the keypad
Stanley happened to input the correct
code by sheer luck and amazing he
stepped into the newly opened passageway
well
hey listen push upright ascending deeper
into the building
Stanley realized he felt a bit peculiar
it was a stirring of emotion in his
chest as though he felt more free to
think for himself
to question the nature of his job why
did he feel this an hour when for years
it had never occurred to him this
question would not go unanswered for
long
Stanley walked straight ahead of the
large door that read mind control
facility subtle
the night's rose on an enormous room
packed with television screens what
horrible secret did this place hold
Stanley thought to himself did he have
the strength to find out
optica
Oh what I'd like a pin optical pin out
the gun panopticon's like I like um like
a tower and a prison look we can look
around in all directions
trying to read that yeah big quite
looking like button
you already did did I yeah
those flashing lights and a puzzle
No
now the monitors jump to life their true
nature revealed each bore the number of
an employee in the building standing his
coworkers the lives of so many
individuals reduced to images on a
screen and standing one of them
eternally monitored in this place with
freedom
this mind control facility it was too
horrible to believe that couldn't be
true that Stanley really been under
someone's control all this time was this
the only reason he was happy with his
boring job that his emotions had been
manipulated to accept it blindly no they
refused to believe it he couldn't accept
it his own life in someone else's
control never it was unthinkable wasn't
it was it even possible had he truly
spent his entire life after they blind
to the world but here was the proof the
heart of the operation controls label
happy or sad or contented walking eating
working all of it monitored and
commanded from this very place and as
the cold reality of his past began to
sink in Stanley decided that this
machinery would never again exert its
terrible power over another human life
for he would dismantle the controls once
and for all
I like I just my boy what the coffee mug
everyone
the subject is reading the coffee mug I
like work I just love my boy
I'm just gonna give my cancer cancer
maybe react radioactive lasers
one two and five
thank you
that was the tip just the tip thank you
fart
big noise and when it allows he found
the source of the rooms power
[Music]
planners and a rising chill of
uncertainty was it over yes he had won
he had defeated the Machine unshackled
himself from someone else's command
freedom was mere moments away and yet
even as the immense door slowly opened
Stanley reflected on how many puzzles
still unsolved
well had his coworkers
how had he been freed from the machines
grass what other mysteries did this
strange building hold but as sunlight
streamed into the chamber he realized
none of this mattered to him for it was
not knowledge of even power that he had
been seeking but happiness perhaps his
goal had not been to understand but to
let go
[Music]
different things whatever life he lives
it will be
it was perhaps the only thing with
stan has stepped through the open door
enter King Stanley felt the cool breeze
upon his skin the feeling of liberation
the immense possibility of the new path
before him this was exactly the way
right now that things were meant to
happen and Stanley was happy
so what is why don't you tell us into
the microphone why don't you tell us
what your thoughts are at this exact
moment into the microphone I am NOT
gonna have to play this 54 times to get
every possible combination of endings am
i because I'm not going I mean I might
be good for one more maybe two of you
asked nicely let's let's have you let's
have you go at least one more time just
see what happens okay
but so far you're not necessarily
enjoying it I think that the the
voiceover screeching perhaps he had
simply missed a memo it's different it
gets points for being different
oh yeah that's a screen turn so that's
fine let's return the vsync off yeah
maybe because I spend a frustrating
amount of time just trying to get myself
physically aligned right are you sure
you would not prefer probably just be
just as bad if not worse don't try then
if you ever this was not the correct way
to the meeting room and standing you it
perfectly well perhaps he wanted to stop
by the employee lounge first just to
admire it I'm sure it's beautiful yes
truly a room worth admiring been worth
the detour after all just to spend it
but eager to get back to business
Stanley took the first open door on his
left and so he detoured through the
maintenance section walk straight ahead
to the opposite door and got back on
track mm-hmm well that's a music the
fact that it won't let you yet there was
not a single person here either feeling
way they discipline Dean Stanley decided
to go up to his boss's office hoping he
might find an answer there
I like these these slides they're great
experiment is interesting so far
yielding very interesting results think
experiment nice to know I'm exhibit
number whatever coming to a staircase
Stanley walked upstairs to his boss's
office
so it farts every time you do something
interesting no that's for the tips but
Stanley just couldn't do it he
considered the possibility of facing his
boss admitting he had left his post
during work hours he might be sick
actually all because he believed
everyone vanished his boss would think
he was crazy and then something occurred
to Stanley maybe he thought to himself
maybe I am crazy
all of my co-workers blinking
mysteriously out of existence in a
single moment for no reason at all none
of it made any logical sense and as
Stanley pondered this he began to make
other strange observations for example
why couldn't he see his feet when he
looked down why did doors close
automatically behind him wherever he
went and for that matter these rooms
were starting to look pretty familiar
were they simply repeating himself oh
this is all too strange this can't be
real and at last came to the conclusion
we take a break when he's done his
co-workers weren't actually gone he
wasn't going to lose his job he wasn't
crazy after war he thought to himself
we'll enjoy this while him still lucid
so he imagined like strapped her safely
and began to gently fling
okay so what do you think give us into
the microphone give it what's going on
maybe it is interesting it seems like a
lot of this stuff you'd be more
interesting if you could interact with
all the stuff in there like the pop
machines and stuff you know kind of like
maniac mansion or something but it makes
me motions a little motion sick after a
while going around in circles and that
section is like it but um it's it's cute
the way the narrator like says stuff
when you go the wrong way if that's the
wrong way but I don't know it seems like
you'd probably have to spend I mean if
that's your thing you know if spending
like 20 minutes going through each
different scenario and seeing what all
the results are and that I'm sure that
could be fun but it's just kind of a lot
of work for me to physically navigate it
so basically my hypothesis was correct I
I made I made a guess because I know
you're more of a casual gamer this game
the Stanley parable is very highly
regarded amongst the gaming community
but my hypothesis that was that you need
a solid background in first-person
gaming tropes you need to kind of be a
hardcore gamer in order to like think
this game is brilliant which I do I
think it's brilliant rich does I'm
breaking the narrative haha exactly I
think that's it but but it's like it's
very clear that you're not having a good
time and I and I think that has to do
with just the kind of games that you
play which is fine it's perfectly fine
well that's what we wanted you here for
is to test my hypothesis obviously our
sample size is one so we're not being
super scientific but we appreciate you
helping us out I don't mean to dis you
know your favorite game and it's
interesting it's different I'd probably
like to watch rich doing these people's
favorite games all the time
there's nothing wrong with and you're
not dissing it yeah like I think that's
that's my one criticism of the Stanley
parable is in order to fully enjoy it
you need a whole background of games to
play first and so like that's a to me a
negative of the game and so you've
proven me correct at least we're all
curious what you might think of the
beginner's guide no yeah that's a whole
yeah it's a whole different thing
beginner's guide to the start so a game
this guy made it gets it gets points for
breaking the fourth wall or whatever bad
for sure well what I was really curious
to was to happen was like when you
started down different paths and you got
like you well you understand the premise
perfectly you go down different paths so
he's safe tells different stories and
you just don't care and I think that's
great she first entered the narrative
once straight through same thing I can
go ahead and play along no by the way
that's what I did my first time playing
Stanley parable to listen I just like I
just wanted to see like oh I'll just
listen to this guy I knew I could go
other ways but oh it's fine I think
that's fine I guess the problem my first
thing I did was one right it's like in
order to on the biota to check anything
out again I would have to go through
like nineteen steps to get there and
it's pretty question lazy or something
yeah but I mean maneuvering for you is
easy for me with the walls and whatnot
and I hit the wrong button and it's like
sometimes I actually have to think about
how to physically get my okay yes down
the wall yeah no in my door and I hope
you don't mean like I hope you don't
think like I'm oh no I'm casting
anything negative on you I just think
yeah obviously you're a different kind
of player and it's I think it's that
that's you you've helped us out
immensely and I appreciate that
no problem great