Episode 708
JESUS CHRIST SHUT UP ALREADY!!! Dawn of War 2
February 6, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wyk2YZxJUuI
___________________________________________

I have to I have to arrive to do what
why do I have to do it if to create your
relic no I don't
hey everyone you should be seeing us
what is what is the name of our Force
commander who in the chat wants the
honor to be force command force
commander there we go hey welcome
everyone who's gonna be our force
commander what's what a force commander
is we don't know it's this guy this face
since the guy from the opening cinematic
oh he's Force Commander Force Commander
what the fuck is this this is dawn of
war - part of the Warhammer 40,000
series now this is the important part
yeah laughs people we need to play this
you need to play this they say it's just
like Helldivers is that what they've
said that's what they saw ok hold on
I've seen videos I know they are 150
percent wrong they're so wrong they have
broken the rules of probability
that's how wrong they are ok cool we
gotta pick a name I guess here oh yeah I
got the thing I got the thing you got
the torture though you have the
randomizer have the randomizer yeah I'm
the twat sure and I will use it hi
everybody welcome Chet Chet lottery
lottery just some subs rebel base oh how
funny ok that's that has a nice hint of
irony to it that a rebel base will be
our fourth commander below
what's a Warhammer I don't know I know
they have lots of figurines rabello for
obey oh I I have no more characters
that's a great rebellion
nope that makes no sense
beverage that makes no sense check
that's it that's all you got look at
that look at a huge space for a name
that's very strange
I don't know I don't I don't quite get
it but hey I was gonna come up with some
goofy sounding name I really can so I'm
just gonna go you know full-on vanilla
because it fits difficulty shoes if
you're new to real time strategy games
choose if you've played real time
strategy games before well I've played
them I don't like them historically you
know and we're new to the series good
the beta the easiest difficulty rich had
great some sector aralia Shakhtar ha
register of world stands on the very
edge of the Imperium of man from this
frontier came the blood ravens
a chapter of the Emperor's own space
oh he was talking under that gunfire
obviously I was saying people shoo them
defending these world's riches are fed
up yet but no no no no I'm a long ways
from a newly promoted commander ready to
lead in our darkest hour you are this
space marine Jack I hate everything and
you will tip the balance to ward very
bullet in your head
permanently lodged is it a bullet or is
it some kind of science fiction thing
there's an implant oh I like to think of
it as a bullet just like I shot you in
the head and you're not taking that shit
my assumption was brain implant thing
hmm sure commander rebel base commander
rebel be I love it I love it this is an
older game right here in the grand
scheme of things it's that old all right
calderas we Bloodraven select our
initiative this world's fierce warriors
Garrus is the treatment
right now the orcs would take it from us
it's pronounced rebelled they say we
cannot rebuild mrs. rebelled they say I
am I am Joe commander rebelled they say
I've even go to war now
this is captain Davian Thank You captain
commander on calderas you're welcome we
are battling the orcs that threaten this
work how's it sound for you on
you have dropped right into the combat
zone I didn't watch the videos when this
looks like things take coverage which
I'm not used to seeing huge fan of the
genre
everyone's gonna result this game did it
that goop did it this gave it it looks
like the game audio is is a pretty on
par with our audio so let's let's move
the desktop audio down a lot of explody
stuff and booming noises and boom boom
boom alright okay rendezvous with Allied
troops how do we select units how do we
move oh it looks like I'll show your
resolutions yeah I'm gonna you could try
and if you could fix thanks that game I
had I had escaped to go to menus there
we go I saw that breaking on Berkey a
gird the switch yeah the Nintendo switch
has a little kickstand so you can like
set it up like you know if you're right
if you're flying in an airplane or
something or just you know not not on
your base it's got a little kickstand
and while it's in kickstand mode you
can't charge it because the chargers on
the bottom which is a little silly wait
I'm looking for resolution and that's
not in here graphics maybe from the main
menu right
can I get to the main menu up there game
options effects density brightness
that's not what I need to change at all
ah can you like scroll down no thanks
already cuz right I can't see everything
on the screen there's like things that
apparently I can click on but I can't
see it that's kind of important for me I
don't know what you guys can see him why
can you see them and we can't see them
have something to do the TV I'm just
gonna quit the game and start again
yeah we'll skip the cutscene I forget
though those little buttons on the on
the side you know the like right up here
you guys could see those but they were
cut off for us first maybe maybe would
let me change it because we were in the
game back here to the main menu that
could be some time soon it's already
running game gets finicky about shade
absolute let's get it they save change
resolution to make me yeah this is not a
negative we're not making fun of the
game everybody just settle down settle
down for like two seconds I need options
oh my god this is much more things to
click on there we go yeah look at that
let's kick that all the way up to where
it needs to be for its proper thing for
the thing okay that is my thing great
except
we're singing proper now I won't
accepted it but I didn't like that
didn't like that didn't like that
probably too high try again that's fine
we're gonna try again jack let's rock
rock and roll rich so while we're
waiting here what did you think of this
which did you see any news on the swing
all I cared about were the game
announcements right and a lot of a lot
of companies like on Twitter and stuff
have already like announced that like
hey this games coming to switch you know
like a lot of indie titles a lot of
indie titles coming up on Triple A games
oh oh a lot of things I could probably
play on Steam yeah probably
oh I could probably play these things
that aren't Stan oh so at the end as
I've been saying all along yeah this is
gonna be the interesting Mario game and
there's gonna be the interesting Zelda
game no I'm not a particularly
interested Mario Cart or smash those
will probably be there too so give me
for me there's gonna be this just those
two games and just those two games but
and you know what but maybe it's worth
it for just those two games maybe it is
yeah but you're gonna you're gonna like
like like every fucking Nintendo
consoles since the 64 is giving you a
shit
third-party support that's what it's
looking like from the queue on it's
looking like the hardware because
because there's no real gimmick this
time yeah it looks like it will be much
easier to make games or port games to
the switch
crash oh I think okay you gotta take
down that resolution if you can I think
I just tried that we are are we full
crash no I see you moving over there
it's closed dawn of war and that's a
full crash alien of seven no real get by
no real gimmick I mean to say like the
DES has two screens and so if you port
your game over to the DS and you had it
like a small game unless you need to
accommodate the two screens the same
with the Wii U the same with the Wii
with motion controls those are the
gimmicks that you needed to change your
game to accommodate the gimmicks whereas
with the switch for for example
Michael's announced that Binding of
Isaac after birth will be available for
the switch they don't need to do
anything to make it switch compatible
it's just a screen there's no real
gimmick it has the gimmick of plugging
it into the TV but no I you know what
does that make sense no real gimmick now
once again the whole thing's a gimmick
but it's easier to port games to it
alright be with me here will they be
with me will they will they bother
because it'll end up having a low
install base I don't know man that price
point is pretty pretty good the Zelda
launch title will help them solve the
launch site it will help them and that
price point is insane what is it 300 oh
wow yeah good that's a low price is what
I'm saying for a new console I think
that's a lot of money for just Mario and
Zelda on the go Mario Zelda on the go
man I don't care about on the go we
don't care about another girl I'll give
a shit about on the go for I'm excited
for on the go what am I gonna play it
while I'm driving then when I get to the
place where I'm going I'm gonna need to
do things at the place where I'm going
oh here we go Gino suave puts it nice it
doesn't have a gimmick in the same sense
that the Vita doesn't have a gimmick it
totally has a gimmick but you can
totally ignore the gimmick is I guess
what I'm trying to say as a as a game
developer you can ignore okay you gonna
said the same thing about the Wii U yes
said the same thing but no you did need
to Pro like Nintendo said you needed to
put stuff on that second screen you put
bullet you put bullshit on there and you
don't focus on it but that's something
you needed to accommodate yeah you don't
need to accommodate that this is you
know this is point copy-paste porting
you can play in the crapper right this
is this is my this is not my bathroom
console absolutely okay here go now I
can see the things that I need to click
on great this is this is useful great
we're we're all right move north moving
your units yeah that's true it all
depends on how it all depends on how
open Nintendo is going to be with their
games but I think there's their strong
movement I think the type of games I
know what
they automatically attack they're
automatically attacking it seems what is
this why is he doing I have one
you only have one going that way he just
charges them
alright well he automatic he
automatically kills the things I I don't
know what's going on in a real time
strip my god I mean well yeah we'll
probably get a switch because we'll try
me to do zeldo probably get a couple of
switches if we can yeah what am i doing
and they're just shooting automatically
yeah you're moving them to where you
want to shoot stuff no I needed to know
what she was saying
what are their hotkeys I oh my god oh my
god
things are just happening I have no time
to adjust what I'm doing this is like
god these real-time games are so
stressful by the way no this is nothing
like Helldivers know so far this is
nothing absolutely nothing like
Helldiver you people all lied to me
if if I were to look at a screenshot of
this I might say hey this kind of looks
top-down isometric like Helldivers does
right but no this is nothing like health
Ivor's oh there's some sort of audio
fuck up to what is happening I you know
what everything's fine
oh my God look at that there's a whole
thing happening over there you tell them
what to attack
I know yeah I know about the hot key how
about attacking you yeah let me just
click on and read this shit in the
middle of a battle
Oh God realtime strategy games why why
that's true from software is working on
something for this wage there's there's
a lot of there's a lot of there's a lot
of third-party developers like Bethesda
there they're putting Skyrim over there
this way so they're gonna be working on
stuff for this way like I think there is
going to be slightly more support
whether or not it's worth it is all
whether or not you care about mobile
gaming because that's the big thing with
this which for me I love mobile gaming I
do it all the time so it will you know
probably be something I get a lot of use
out of I know I've seen a couple like
people make like makeshift like handheld
steam boxes I would love a handheld
steam box just you know something to
play the little indie side scroller ship
games I would love that and so that's
what I'm thinking of the switch ads
hopefully it's just a tiny little steam
box that's what's their range your your
guys they're an indicator for the range
when they where they shoot no I said
this is I got a thing these games are
such a clusterfuck I don't even know
what I did but you did it race you mate
you did you made it to the end were
these guys do I control them to dragon
what are these indicators mean how do I
just this what is going on there there
are little book things over there maybe
we could read those oh my god
the left mouse button you will have
access to that Ward year once you have
completed your current mission Hey
oh sorry rotoscoping yes that is my job
let's see here no proceeding to the next
objective I don't know what the fuck I'm
doing just keep hurting his family
burrows kavik says the new Mario Kart
game for the switch is literally Mario
Kart 8 but with battle mode maps they
just decided to finish the game to
finish a game to release it on switch
your thoughts
lol nibble my nipples yeah they're just
like re-releasing a bunch of games for
switch including stuff like Mario Kart 8
the same Maps yeah well but like with a
battle mode now
oh well that's so exciting that's fine
their prop they're propping up their
launch I mean it's not looking good it's
not looking good for a Nintendo like did
you hear that their stock price dropped
after the announcement yeah be good like
their investors are not are not excited
about this about this way they are not
excited look the only thing you want on
an attempt the problem with Nintendo
yeah as I see it the problem with
Nintendo is that they make hardware yep
new Mario game oh that looks neat
new Zelda game all that looks neat you
got to buy their special $300 piece of
hardware to do it with the gimmicks and
everything they were just coming out if
they just came out of like steam or
something that would be fabulous no it
would be it really would be
oh yeah it's a PlayStation that's great
Murray's probably gonna be fun games
olds probably a fun game and then I'll
be honest with you though the Mario game
looked really fucking weird what what
yeah what's what's so weird about it
dude a mario is standing next to real
looking people you say that as if 80% of
that trailer weren't Mario in new weird
bizarre colorful interesting landscapes
there were new weird desires lots of
them lots of them him in New York was
weird it was weird seeing him next to a
normal person okay that was weird
why is that I don't think it's
inherently bad I'm not saying bad I'm
saying especially when large chunks of
the game looks like there look like
there are the same kind of colorful
fanciful
occasions at Mario games always take
place in what I'm what I'm worried about
is the what's the what's the Sonic the
Hedgehog game that came out later that's
why everybody's worried and it's dumb
thing to make just because it visually
looks you know what it visually sonic
and real people Mario and real people
these two games are going to be the
exact same thing it's face marines on a
planet shooting at aliens it's race
machine shooting on a aliens and a
planet Helldivers and donna for two are
the exact same thing you see the flaw in
that logic i'm not say absurd water
anybody who's saying it's gonna be just
like sonic oh six is a fucking moron
including you there is you just said
that there is a trend of someone not
understanding
I think Mari I think I think Nintendo
was bright enough not to emulate the
most hated video game of the last whole
years but it made like seeing him seeing
Mario next to real people made me feel
uncomfortable
visually he supposedly comes from New
York right but then you make all New
Yorkers look like Mario and then you
make a whole little world of people that
look like Mario it's fine yeah gonna be
fine no it may be worrying about nothing
made me feel funny made me feel funny
translate the rage into slang or I can't
even know what the fuck I'm doing you
have to read the thing you have to read
the thing
all right gobbledygook says if it's if
it's easy to port why isn't skyrim a
switch launch title because Nintendo is
at ease
it's the significant other who only puts
out once a month to make you think the
sex is better than it is why would
anybody get excited about a 5 year old
game appearing on the switch
no one's excited about it's the dumbest
fucking title to port over no one is
excited about Skyrim coming over they
are excited that Bethesda is on board
for making games on this one by throwing
them a game they made years ago that
means nothing absolutely nothing with
her it means that hey they've already
made one there's a possibility of more
which means there's a possibility of the
third party support which we all agree
is what we're looking for and in
Nintendo releases like with Arkham City
on the Wii U was her consider yeah years
years after it was out made this rock
steady by Warner Brothers oh okay did
they make any other games for you
whatever games well they made all the
Batman ones which I don't think Arkham
Knight came out on the way you I don't
think but I could be wrong
I think Bethesda is a little bit bigger
than right yes they are so like that's a
bigger that's a bigger game this would
not make me excited about all the new
Bethesda games that are gonna come out
oh no what you know what
the Fez the game they're gonna be the
same Bethesda games that come out on
PlayStation 4 which you probably already
own right making it kind of useless to
you that it's also coming out on the
switch the Fez de is a big third-party
developer yes they are on board for
making a game that opens doors okay that
opens maybe that doors possibilities
possibilities okay don't you think no no
no it's gonna have a small install base
and they're gonna be reluctant to make
games for a small install base when they
can make a game that comes out the
PlayStation 4 they'll do multi platinum
they'll be fine with that
yeah well that's and that's what I'm
hoping for is that it will be easy to
port games over or you know have a multi
platinum platform release for games and
so then anyone who wants to say play
this one game but also play it mobile II
will have the option to do so I guess
I'm what a frag grenade all right so I
don't control them alright that's that's
handy knowledge that's handy knowledge
you don't control what those other guys
okay
beatable boom nothing absolutely nothing
like Helldivers yeah except for in the
most superficial ways possible
you guys should play rim world it's just
like Helldivers I am a member of chat so
you know I am trustworthy it says Sean
underscore underscore no I clicked on
the fragment why don't use the frag
grenade why did you leave cover
it's gonna be running according to
initial release is something like like
the breath of the wild or breath of the
wind or whatever the Zelda game is
called is going to be running at 720p 60
frames a second handheld and 1080p 60
frames a second I don't feel like I'm
doing much of anything right
why are you getting behind the ears get
behind the cover what am i doing so Cole
says poor rich sounds so stressed
already the switch presentation was such
a shame I really wanted to like it and
then they started the wiggle and stuff
please give rig a hug oh and lol fuck my
cock Cara Caron is chairman of rich
hugging yeah I'm sure she will give rich
a hug when he gets home and yeah they
are like all of their like weird if you
guys have seen any of their footage on
their like cow milking game or any of
their weird motion games I don't I don't
know what what they're doing holding on
to old gimmicks because that's what made
him a shit ton of money but all of that
stuff all that stuff is crazy
savage engine says I'm just one I just
wonder how much single-player content
will be released on the switch I'm
getting tired of Nintendo being so
multiplayer party game centric some of
us prefer a game alone looks at rich
yeah well you know we know we know for
sure they got a Mario and Zelda and
Zelda is a launch title which they
really really needed which of course
means that it's done already and it
should have been a Wii U title but
they're holding it's also coming on on
the Wii U I have heard it is coming out
but nobody else will be used ha ha ha
see you may as well just buy a switch
for and you may as well just buy the
switch absolutely because then you can
play it on the go or on the can how are
you what is this yeah what is that it's
a supply crate open it just destroy it
for I just don't that's all right you
can get there you can get it
use frag grenades on me ok ok
but yeah though the whole presentation
dude like he probably didn't watch the
livestream right it was it was a little
cringy it was a little weird it didn't
have the heart like Miyamoto wasn't
really a part of it and it looks pretty
much retired at this point she's still
really active I mean he's still doing
stuff but he's probably more like a like
a Stan Lee like a just a face of the
organization but I think he's still like
overseer I have no idea what I did I
just move people around and they shot at
things you did it you did it I guess I
did that's all you need to do well that
was tutorial to you leveled up you
leveled up people that's great let's see
here cured Daly cure says Jack just to
confirm you Jack named your first son
Jack son and your second son Parker is
this correct lol please have sex with me
if you have it reverse it's my first son
no commies Parker my second son is
Jackson anonymous says rumor has it that
Robert Zemeckis and James Cameron have a
beef over who makes better movies box
office aside who do you side with in
that beef who is the biggie and who is
the Tupac neither of them made a good
movie in 20 years
boom name a name you have some Zemeckis
movies Back to the Future right if that
done that's all you need give me some
more Forrest Gump
okay used cars I don't think I know that
one
Zemeckis titles appellate what that
dollar to never stop Ron Howard why am I
trying blinks
I shouldn't be drunk blinks you know all
over the back of the future movies right
right right
cast away they're saying oh is that
Ray's Roger Rabbit Zemeckis oh yeah
you're right oh god I totally forgot
about I was right
I was about to say Cameron all the land
BAM Cameron aliens Terminator uh he is
yeah
an Terminator the abyss yeah this is
pretty yeah
aliens one of my favorite movies of all
time right but then again so was Back to
the Future back in future who framed
roger rabbit right I love the first
Terminator I mean they make very
different movies totally did you I'm
trying to think of more Cameron movies
that I love there's not many
there's not many they really aren't
there really aren't Terminator
Terminator poo terminators a big one
though Terminator 2 sauce aliens is a
huge one alien then you got the abyss
the abyss which was great what was the
Arnold Schwarzenegger one True Lies true
or true lies is beautiful is its it's
alright it's good love it I didn't love
it it's beautiful
Zemeckis did contact yeah yeah I don't
know he did avatar and he did I know you
know what I've stabbed Attar's the most
forgettable movie of all time it is he
made it it made a ton of money I give
him credit for that sort of Titanic
neither of them are my personal then
neither of them make my personal
favorites I've specially avatar and you
know I've never seen Titanic still I've
never seen it's the schmaltz yeah that's
what I'm sure I might have to go to
Mecca just because I've arrived a rabbit
back to the future
they're pretty tied but it's just when
you compare they're good movies if
you're right like if we throwing all the
crap Zemeckis might lose because I think
he's made more well you know whereas
Mecca sluices out that creepy uncanny
valley shit he did with the Polar
Express and what was the other one he
did with the creepy uncanny valley
people he'd made two there that he made
to contact is not one of the best sci-fi
ever bad news every I have issues with
contact I haven't known there's this is
telling I've only seen it once okay I
didn't think it was bad but I wasn't in
love with it contact was one of those
movies
that we just had around the house my mom
really liked that one mm-hmm a lot so
I'm about to spoil the end of contact
obviously it's an older movie spoiler
alert for contact had a lot of fun
sci-fi in it and I always felt off about
it like I liked it I was like oh yeah
contacts fine Jodie Foster space stuff
you know traveling through
interdimensional whatsit and whosits I
always had a problem with it and here's
why the end of the movie is ungodly
anti-science if you remember the end of
contact I remember she saw the aliens
she goes through the band she wakes up
and everyone thought it was a dream she
was only gone for like a moment right
yeah but then and then like she has the
big Senate hearing and she's like I
guess what I'm asking for is your faith
and that was her whole thing with with
Matthew McConaughey like faith versus
science and then like she gets out of
the courthouse and all these people like
we believe in you we have faith in you
so basically the moral of the movie is
faith is more important than facts the
moral of the sci-fi movie is anti
science I have not thought about it
enough to analyze it like I just haven't
you know what like it's one of those
movies that I always liked you know
because it was it was one like that and
Supergirl we had around right I don't
care if Carl Sagan wrote the film
fucking ungodly anti science yes that's
what I said I did a thing great I guess
I'll give him gun points
I suppose realtime strategy with
characters that's that's neat it's still
military know the ending didn't prove
the science that was real we the
audience get to see that that the trick
was real right and remember like
in the you've I don't really don't
remember like the real real and after
all that faith bullshit is like James
Woods saying like put this away in
storage and someone going it's funny how
you know there is static but there's
exactly five hours of static on this
tape you know like so it like maybe the
audience knows that it's real but like
the hero wins because people have faith
without facts jack that's an excellent
critique that really is that really is
you know it's a fine movie overall I
like Jodie Foster I think she's a good
actress that has that creepy Jake Busey
in it man he's a creepy actor Matthew
McConaughey and Jodie Foster I don't
remember Jake Busey he's like he's like
the the religious zealot who wants to
destroy the Machine and ends up blowing
it up I know I really don't remember
like I said it was this in Supergirl so
I've seen it a bunch a lot of its burned
into my head I am totally not miss
remembering this movie by the way
contact for the next review yeah great
of rich and I'll do contact clinics we
absolutely
solo five six I am NOT misremembering
contact this is how this is how it goes
arrival is better arrival is a is a
wonderful movie but one of the best of
last year's one of the best about this
doesn't have some of the annoying like
base building stuff so far in real-time
strategy games I'm done with that that's
one lesson that's one less cluster for
my fuck gobbledygook all the cluster
whatever all the sciency stuff in
arrival was actual science fiction there
were schmaltz in there but it worked
within the science fiction that they set
up no arrival is great arrival is
wonderful and most of context is really
good I just really didn't like the
ending but most of the science stuff is
pretty good
they're saying that that Cameron has
less hits but also less stinkers
Zemeckis is more of a is more of a
workhorse what is the green in yellow
Manor
what green in yours dots there's green
and yellow dots I don't know what the
difference is exposure what are you
people doing did you get your butts over
here
have no idea what I mean they're just
doing things
seriously I have not suggested okay
green is high cover yellow is light
cover cousin green is high green is high
cover yellow is lightly thank you thank
you Thank You Shiva and other people too
thank you thank you Jack they in the
exact same way
they're the exact same movie like
Helldivers and donna for don't you be
crazy now don't you be crazy now and you
can zoom in if you want there you go
so to end these zemeckis cameron the
great zemeckis cameron debate they both
have great films both have great fun and
they both have awful films yeah there
you go if you had to choose now I'm
giving you a harsh choice you have to
choose only one from their heyday and
anyone any director but you can only
choose one directors movies to watch
they're you know any movie in their
repertoire but you can only choose one
director depends on what I'm in the mood
for it really does yeah I guess that's
true I guess that's true I might can you
really compare Who Framed Roger Rabbit
to aliens can you do that does that make
sense if I'm gonna horse you myself
if I'm gonna if I'm gonna if I'm going
to force myself to choose one I might
choose camera distance I might choose
James Cameron Terminator is great all
the time t2 is a fun movie aliens is a
fun movie I would probably on any given
day rather watch his mouth
that's all those moving james cameron's
it's tough because then you're giving up
Who Framed Roger Rabbit and you're
giving up back to the futures this is
back to the future and Who Framed Roger
Rabbit are more and much as I love my
aliens definitely one of my favorite
movies yeah Who Framed Roger Rabbit a
lot easier to watch multiple times hmm
maybe if you're gonna do that you can
only watch one for the rest of your life
or desert island or that bullshit yeah
that's what I'm doing
you're you're taking Who Framed Roger
Rabbit yeah we're back to the future
you're about to you know your plane is
about to crash land and you can only
save the the collected works of James
Cameron or the collected works of Robert
Zemeckis yes yeah yeah yeah I don't know
terminator terminator which feels you
know that you know kind of a bleak
serious sci-fi movie alien bleep serious
fi movie abyss serious sci-fi movie
avatar forgettable titanic blah doesn't
Mecca so you get back future one two
three
you get Forrest Gump you get new friend
Roger Rabbit we're you know enjoyable
movies to watch you're gonna be
depressed on that desert island I
suppose yeah we have two different
scenarios here what we what we have is
like which one are you more inclined to
watch on an everyday basis and your and
your desert island thinks I might have
to I might have to ask ask risk this
alright humberto Cabbage Patch says
r.i.p mokey bassoons that's that's we
have a moment from the last stream that
we might have to make a highlight yeah
yeah he was a support you know how I
feel about support really wanted to be
on the squad though okay so I brought
mokey was it all one junker do I need to
edit it together if you want it like
some setup with me talking about our
Anna brain
like you might need to edit some of that
and just what had happened okay
mokey mokey panicked yep didn't take a
shot at the fun man what I would have
done with mokey yeah yeah panicked and
then the thin man shot and Crittenden
and I broke out in hysterics okay
because at the start of the Minish
mission I predicted like exactly what
would happen
Mokey's gonna be the first one to die
and it played out exactly as I thought
okay send me the link and whoever was
asking about a wheel of the worst and if
you have a DVD ya send it to send a DVD
if you don't have a VHS copy of whatever
for the wheel send a DVD we can put
those on the wheels well that's great
also bassoons I don't know if anyone has
told you about the the great bassoon
search of 2017 on a rule of mine that I
need to follow at all times yeah bad
idea to learn a game midstream
yeah bassoons yes so so someone tweeted
at me a week and a half ago and said hey
my wife and I are big fans of the show
one of our favorite lines is from a best
of the worst where you say and for some
reason there's bassoons or there's a
bassoon
but I can't remember the episode can you
okay sorry no bro I have to learn and
have the Gateway know you know we can
take our time rich we don't need to rush
through this stuff and so I I retweeted
it and said hey someone help this guy
out i but like I remember me saying that
in the best of the worst like oh yeah
that sounds like something I would say
like and then there were bassoons and I
could remember myself saying it but I
couldn't remember the episode so I put
it out on the internet no one was no one
was biting and after a little bit you
know some people were like hey did you
find that episode yet bassoons this
sounds really familiar and so I started
like in the background while I was doing
other work randomly watching old best of
the worst episodes that I thought it was
like like for example in the if you
remember that like one of the first best
of the worst I was on is aftermath and
they had that like whole action scene at
the end with like cartoon sound effects
like oh maybe it's in that one we were
talking about the action scene during
cartoon no not that kepta watch Adam
couldn't find it couldn't find it people
then like beefcake set up a spreadsheet
and a bunch of people like we're
watching different episodes to find the
right moment when I said for some reason
there's a bassoon and we could not find
it and it was honestly driving me up the
wall because I could hear myself say it
this is something I've said in an
episode of best of the worst is this an
episode that was up on on on blip and
Jay took down and you know it's reading
it on YouTube for some reason he took
out me saying but soon where's me saying
but soon it was maddening rich it was
absolutely maddening but then someone
found it for me and it and and the twist
the M night Shyamalan twist is that it
wasn't in the best of the worst at all
it was in a first four hours of Soma
when I said when you said it's it's not
the only reason it's
arrey is because you walk around I go
yeah you just walk around and then first
and then suddenly there's a which is a
pretty funny line but because they this
fan had thought it was the best of the
worst that was my mindset I wasn't even
thinking about first four hours of a
previously recorded say tuba tuba tuba a
bassoon
oh thank you X Mentos
Sonne indicates that that was my
harrowing Massoud tale thank you for
everyone who helped who you was trying
to help me find for the soon
beefcake your spreadsheet was super
helpful also it's kind of fun like
rewatching older episodes of best of the
worst I had forgotten half of the movies
we watched to be honest with you yeah
and then you know we talk about it later
go this movie's totally forgettable and
it was I had forgotten about a lot of
movies we watched laughed a little bit
it was great it was great oh man that uh
that Christmas episode with with Mexican
Santa Claus had me dying just dying once
it once Jesse started describing the the
drunken night of making the film man it
was great so that was fun it was just
fun to listen to and rewatch old
episodes the best of the worst
and that was my problem beefcake too and
I started watching episodes where I
wasn't in the discussion because it
sounded like some have attained the
discussion I was like huh but some of
these episodes I'm there during the
watching of the movies but I'm not in
the discussion so now I have to watch
the whole episode in hopes that I say it
during one of the watching segments and
it was a whole it was a whole ordeal
he's not moving
who the guy that I'm clicking on the
unit where is that character I don't I
don't know anything about these games
are you over there why are you over
there I am no regrets when I pushed over
the wheel that was funny when I pushed
over the wheel
I am NOT fucking built for realtime
strategy that's okay rich you don't have
to be you don't have to be ah right
let's see what we got here bad news
everyone hi guys thanks for all the
great content I'm curious to know if our
L M has a new feature film in
development or if there has ever been
any plans for another webseries like the
Grabowski will probably work on some
other feature at some point in history
of time yeah right now don't believe
there's anything in the works right now
for right now yeah loner our town says
rich whoever told you this is like
Helldivers is a fucking liar and then no
shit just like oh bugger no but then
he'll play it because it's like I said
it's like Helldivers it's not but he'll
love it
even though he says he doesn't like RTS
game he hasn't played the right one
that's what happened but at the same
time calm the fuck down because you are
in a tutorial on easy mode also there's
co-op in this game yeah but it's a
tutorial that's not teaching me anything
cuz I don't understand what I'm doing
you're I think I feel like you're you're
you you're learning I'm just moving
people yeah I feel like you're moving
people with more confidence now though
is I don't it looks like you are it
looks like you're moving in with more
confidence let's see here's Sean
underscore underscore underscore says I
think most people will wait for
Christmas to buy the switch since they
will probably sell a bundle with Mario
or Zelda for free three hundred with no
game is a beat is a bit steep when
compared to Xbox or ps4 I I don't think
that's true Sean whatever what are what
were ps4 is selling for at launch
well I'm gonna Google this PlayStation 4
launch price son approach yeah like bad
bare-bones bare-bones PlayStation 4 was
350 or 400
oh no sorry in u.s. it was 400
bare-bones ps4 was $400 yeah so this is
cheaper ps4s were 400 at launch with no
game
Oh ps4 right well you can't you can't
compare a new console to a console that
has been out for X amount of years how
much was the Vita image that's more
comparable and the ps4 Pro right now is
400 with no game yet
is it next-gen console it's below
current gen with gimmicks you know like
I said I think the the amount that you
will care about the switch is exactly
equal to the amount that you care about
mobile gaming for example which doesn't
really care about mobile gaming
therefore he really doesn't care
elsewhere as it offers almost nothing
new
besides the ability to play a Nintendo
games I on the other hand really like
mobile gaming and while my Vita works
fine it doesn't work with everything and
so like a more powerful Vita is
something that I am looking forward to
which is how I'm looking at the switch
as a more as a like a souped-up Vita
basic Vita at launch was 250 okay well
then there I go so like for me I'm
excited about mobile playing I'm excited
about that
Tomic mousetrap says the switch is only
shipping 2 million units worldwide to
start lol artificially manufacture my
scar City artificially manufactured my
scarcity yeah yeah yeah yeah it's a they
sold out they don't want to then I throw
in purse themselves exactly that
completely totally makes sense anonymous
says Jack and rich remember this game
has an off switch and owl boy exists but
I'm going to love it because it's just
like Helldivers this is just like
Helldivers I don't know what you're
talking about
even though that was a blatant lie and
the person who said that obviously knew
better but they were convinced that this
is the game that was going to make me
love the realtime strategy game with
the worst realtime strategy game I've
ever played it's not up my alley
realtime strategy has never been up my
alley but hey you know what you playing
it now you can talk about it with with
some knowledge and then that's all them
oh look at him he's a fun looking work
Luke I chose a m-- at parents that are
from the Nintendo generation most likely
they'll buy it for their kids you know
like my kids really like the Wii U they
play the Wii U on like that's their
thing the thing that I know I really
like about the Wii U is that they can
play on their little gamepad while
something else is on on the TV that that
stops a ton of fights in my house yeah
one wants to play a game one wants to
watch something I thought I thought that
worked great it just didn't have his
support didn't have the didn't have the
games didn't have the games man so
there's space orcs absolutely space orcs
SP was a formal thing they've been
playing to the TV and play with a
DualShock we already had everything the
switch is promising many many years ago
yeah yeah but now it's Nintendo so you
can do it with Nintendo games would you
buy your kids binding of issac on the
Wii U well I'll buy I'll probably buy
binding of issac for the switch because
then I can get fucking after birth on it
but that might gives love of the binding
of issac they love it I actually
probably won't buy them the binding of
issac for the Wii U or the switch
because I already have it on my computer
and on my Vita so if they ever want to
play the binding of issac fatality can
but if I didn't already have it on my
video sure I'd buy for me
that's it they love Isaac they love
watching me play Isaac they play Isaac
they don't get very far but
it's gonna have after birth plus on the
switch shit we don't even an afterbirth
on the Vita yet
oh man I loved I loved the Gamecube Jax
kit my kids do oh man my kids still ask
me about blood-borne if I'm like I'm
like okay yeah kids I'm gonna play a
game for a little bit they're like are
you gonna play blood-borne they still
fucking loved watching me play
blood-borne which is good I'm trying to
train them right look at all this weird
shit kids it's great no I buy them Isaac
on the Wii U so they wouldn't want to
play like it on my computer so I could
play a computer game
if I hang my switch for my director
cousin today I hate the stressful
real-time ship I really do I really do
no Jake Jake brought his bought his own
Issac on his own computer and he got his
own controller and indeed lives in
California so he doesn't bother me about
Isaac anymore rich and I will get a
switch as soon as we can so we can do an
episode on the Zelda in general because
I feel like we should that's something
to talk about
all right let's see here select all
button or do I just have to keep
dragging there should be there should be
a hotkey for that huge usually I want to
say there's a hotkey for that and then
like you can you can like hotkey
specific groups I think all right
dark-winged the schmuck says I had a
lazy Sunday marathon of some old streams
and was curious if Mike ever got his
doctor Mario stream nope
or if Jay ever got his Iowa alien
isolation no bored run because those
sound hilarious em great Jay never did get
that Jay still struggles with basic game
mechanics first-person controls yeah
trolls better way to put it much much
like our experiment with Karen and and
the Stanley parable which a rousing
success I was so happy how that turned
out
I think that's gonna be the biggest
problem as far as Jay and alien
isolation or really any game we wanted
to play like that is just Jay struggling
with basic first-person controls
right gay for Jack says have you seen
Noah yet
oh I haven't it's still on my shelf it's
on my shelf right next to my computer
tempting me
and I don't know why I have it how do I
change the I'm sorry this is a firing on
how do I change it for what year doesn't
automatically check I I don't understand
for your grenade for I'm assuming I was
in a fire arc I don't really know I'm
not doing anything they're just killing
all the things and I don't know what I
would do anyway yep
I would take a spot then fortify it with
sandbags apparently you can fortify it
with sandbags interesting to your
thoughts also both of you say three nice
things you like about each other do it
rich is really good at articulating his
thoughts I am yeah no I'm not you would
totally are you you you know you know
how to be having thoughts I think I'm
bad at articulating no you're really
good at articulating your thoughts I
understand what you're saying all the
time huh
I understand your thoughts and ideas all
the time which is something I'm not very
good at so I'm assuming I'm doing good
you you seem to not be killing everyone
I am playing it easy
yeah so gay for Jack I will watch now on
one of these days it's did them I
borrowed it this is like some kind of
alien language to make just just an are
theists yes right click and drag to set
facing that bad is a different language
to me yeah this game is like watching
ants fight over crumbs at a picnic
now and I says speaking of old episodes
of best of the worst
is there any rlm prereq or Funny or Die
stuff you made that you enjoy watching
for entertainment or is that too weird
for you jack
rich Oh rich I know your answer yeah
which does not like to watch himself
well this question specifically you like
to watch old videos for entertainment I
can deal with vessel anything where I'm
acting is bad but like best of the worst
I can watch for entertainment yeah and I
would say that is well I'd like
rewatching all these old best of the
worst was a lot of fun a lot of fun and
you know like you forget that like in
the older episodes before Jay had his
boat beer look at Jay without his beard
and the rich without his beard oh man
it's crazy it's crazy yeah I can watch
that so it's stuff like that for fun
usually if it's something I edited I'll
watch it more more critically I'll get
away from that I'm trying do what I
don't know what the fuck I'm doing
yes that's right and in in the first
couple of episodes of best horse I
thought I was and I had hair crazy not
much hair but you know hair
so which festive works that I enjoy the
most oh yeah that the Christmas one with
elves and Santa Claus and Christmas
vacation too was really great oh you
know you know what one of the the wheel
the worst with exploding varmints that
one had me laughing very very hard that
ones is no no that was a good episode
the weird that that wheel with exploding
environments and just trying to dissect
the madness of that one guy who fell who
made it you know that was a great
episode I really enjoyed watching them
never watch me play XCOM I like sit back
and I take my time do you think about my
next move I can't do that here it's it's
infuriating
you did something constantly for getting
left behind I don't know I I forgot to
move them oh this is stressful and I
hate it
no I'm sorry yeah I don't despise it
that would be that that's a bit harsh
but no this is not my thing and I resent
you for trying to insist it has to be
said hey I resent you okay there you go
for your insistence that this is
something I need in my life and that I
will love despite the fact that I I kind
of know my taste right I don't like to
be like that up playing dangerous to
that we took it to the gun range and
shot it up I forgot that we did that and
so we get to the destroy the tape
destruction of playing dangerous through
speaking of gun nuts with exploding
varmints
chat knows best
that was great you ready I like my
Hawaii
apparently there's a pause key on the
keyboard
I assure and you might be able to issue
commands while pause
is what they're saying
my latest project has been trying to
machine a d20 in the middle she knew Oh
bother
let me see about that
whoo looks great
looks great
alright let's see here comes Luke says
rich make sure you're using the mini map
in the titanfall video where you guys
complained that you can't tell who the
bad guys are but it's very clear in the
mini-map who they are also BOTS versus
real what does any of that mean what
kind of language are you speaking sir
yeah and that was a comment on that if
you were if you remember in the wayback
machine our titanfall video one of our
complaints was it was hard to
distinguish who was friend and who was
phone cuz everyone was wearing brown and
green but then in the comment section
people said if you look check the
mini-map then you can tell who an enemy
is but the mini-map is not what you're
generally looking at that's the mini-map
telling who was who isn't that the
problem right I understand I ever shoot
the orcs
he was specifically referring to a game
we played a couple years ago I don't
like trying to do tactics while in the
thick of things well Jesus Christ
gobbledygook also says and yeah I'm
guessing rich is going to say I see the
mini-map and I'm using it what I mean is
you could click on the mini-map to go
where you need to go in an RTS not
scroll manually embrace stress no I
don't game I'm like you know what I do
in in Dead Rising actually the stress I
love less so
Biron cheese is this upcoming weekend
sorry I had to miss Sunday sorry I had
to miss Sunday I had a very important
meeting because this weekend I will be
in Madison for the isthmus beer and
cheese Festival and I'll be making a
video with my brother Nick and my good
friend Timmy Higgins we'll be making a
beer video there they have invited us to
come and make a video for the beer and
cheese festival and I'm very super
excited about it you know why I get to
be a beer and cheese fest and drink all
the beer and eat all the cheese I want
it's the greatest it's gonna be the
greatest time
Jack wall huh de Graaff your cheese oh
also you know it actually it'll be kind
of strange because that very same day in
Madison there's a giant like March
against Trump and I'll just be like what
good is that gonna do no but I just
think it'll be funny cuz I'll have to
like walk past them to be like I'm gonna
go to the beer festival he's a he's the
president for four years you can March
and all you fucking want what is it
gonna do i'm not marching i'm saying i
am going to walk past the marchers you
go to the place with all the beer and
cheese you don't have to like him but
you don't have to act like a fucking
baby either I don't think it's acting
like a baby
that kind of is so what you're just not
supposed to do anything he wasn't right
you vote for the next guy you show
support and you wait til he actually
does something you don't like before you
have the March you go you you show your
support and then you know like the the
smaller people go there to rally their
base for the next election this is how
it all starts so the so the your
Congress people your Senators will go to
that and rally rally support for them
and that's what you vote for the next
thing it's five people let people do
what they want it's fine it's fine
Thank You liquid-liquid we won't get
into too much alright hey guys there are
so many games on your to playlist that
you generally seem interested in and we
want to see why do you cater to those
trolls who intentionally misrepresent
Mis represent games to get you to play
them so let's shut up look at this isn't
the worst real-time game I've ever
played it's just totally not up my alley
for things I for the kind of things I
normally like oh no I you know there
there are a ton of games on our list and
sometimes when we can't think of
something
we will defaults say like on an ex-con
or an FTL or an Isaac you know we will
default on one of those games which does
nothing to remove a game from our list
here we can now cross this off of our
list we have played this done move on
and I think it's helpful in general I
think they're part of part of what we do
commenting on games we also need to
consume a large amount of games just to
have a point of reference so I think
this is important I think consumption
consumption is important for
for what we're due for what we're doing
but acquired a locator beacon now has it
how do I use it
oh can you stop this game and go back to
frog fractions oh man I could I just
played it I could speedrun frog
fractions at this point all right let's
see here turbo maestro chest Oh says
Jack and rich prereq seems to be an ever
growing success what do you - Jay and
Mike and your loved ones feel about that
also more importantly who would win in a
fight Batman or Captain America but what
was the actual question again what what
do us a Priya Priya records it's been
going now you know we're coming up on
three years it's been it we have been
growing every single stream we grow what
do we gain Mike and our loved ones feel
about that how do I don't care this is
just the thing we do they don't give a
shit yeah Jay and Mike still don't give a
shit I I think it makes it easier for
them as far as scheduling stuff like for
example Jay texted me today and said hey
you guys are streaming tonight right and
I assumed that was gonna be a text of
him saying he was gonna kind of join us
for the stream but what that really was
was before you stream we need to film a
little something with you so just a
heads up your stream is gonna be late my
loved ones are still wrapping their head
around what it is we do but it it makes
for a very interesting conversation with
family members so am I supposed to
follow these for treating guys would be
my guess is that your guy know someone
ran away well that probably just leads
you through more bad guys right I'll be
my assumption yeah where's my goal what
am i doing eliminate things I just go
all the things that's my goal all right
okay great
be late if you didn't have family then
you wouldn't be late that's true but you
know it makes for interesting
conversation
especially when you start like breaking
down you know what it is you do day to
day they're just like really yeah just
looks like you you kind of playing games
and talking about you and I was like
well we are but there's so much more as
far as who would win in a fight Batman
versus Captain America we have actually
discussed this very specific topic
before and the answer is anyone with
superpowers beats Batman because Batman
is a mere mortal man it's Captain
America I have superpowers he has super
strength and it
he has above average normal human
strength he has super strength
he is peak human which Captain America
which I really like Captain America yes
he has well like he can't lift a car no
but he has above he has more than human
strength no he likes stupid jumps and
stuff no punches people really hard look
if there's a writer here and there who
gets it wrong that's their business but
Captain America his power is the peak of
what a human is capable of but not to
exceed that he is the ideal human being
he is that he is ironically the Nazi
Aryan ideal turned against itself that
is Captain America
I'm sure I'm trying to think of a
specific example where he is more than
peak human like say in the movies then
that's the writers not being true to
what the character is supposed to be
he's peak human so peak human Captain
America vs Batman who is he's he's like
Iggy Hagan run as fast as Usain Bolt but
not faster the peak of what a human can
do that is Captain America tiny turnip
says I'm right his superhuman abilities
allowed him to survive being frozen for
75
without aging calf is super-soldier
Black Panthers peak human people are
agreeing with me that captain captain is
he now he he's not spider-man strength
I think can't I think Captain America is
superhuman I think y'all are wrong I'm
pretty sure Captain America bench like
2,000 pounds in the comics once don't
you guys remember he was injected with
peak serum no he was injected with the
super soldier serum that's right boom I
I'm gonna I'm going to say Captain
America has mild superhuman strength
what does it say and the the handbook to
the Marvel Universe drover they used to
have that Oh Marvel handbook yeah what
does it say I don't know I don't know I
know I know Marvel doesn't give a shit
about continuity anymore
and all of that you know official guide
the Marvel Universe handbook stuff the
people who actually cared about the
Marvel Universe well back in the day
setup I know that's all been thrown out
the window
yeah I'm just curious if you look up the
official Marvel handbook guide what does
it list Captain America strengthen hold
on here we go someone - someone has
linked to it already Thank You Marvel
Universe Captain America Steve Rogers
citizenship first appearance origin
powers
going to powers where's where's powers
powers click on it again no there go
Captain America represented the pinnacle
of human physical perfection he
experienced a time when he was augmented
to superhuman levels but generally
performed just below superhuman levels
for most of his career Oh Captain
America oh how interesting I was right
again
Captain America had a very high
intelligence as well as agility strength
speed endurance and reaction time
superior to any Olympic athlete who ever
competed the super reaction time what
reaction time they're saying agility
strength speed endurance and reaction
time superior any Olympic athlete
who ever competed the super-soldier
formula that he metabolized had enhanced
all of his bodily functions to the peak
of human efficiency most noddle notably
his body eliminates the excessive
buildup of fatigue producing poisons in
his muscle granting him phenomenal
endurance okay so basically being the
peak human with was a superior endurance
with the superior endurance that above
any Olympic athlete it doesn't sound
like by much Jack it's it says they're
saying peak human they're saying peak
human I'm saying mild superpowers I
think there's an in-between zone where
where we can agree on I think you're at
a level where you could make a very good
argument that Batman's probably superior
training in different forms of combat
might give him an edge it's possible
okay we assume we assume cap is bringing
the shield right yes just let me all do
they all get
our standard equipment now I'll get
there saying its standard equipment he
can leap 20 feet into the air
great Batman knows more combat styles
has more gadgets to ensnare Captain
right captain has unlimited endurance so
toe to toe he would just you know a tire
Batman out
that as soon as the fight would go on a
while right mm you can't assume that but
you're right Batman could just bring his
Superman armor and win the day right
away he's doing I guess there's that
fuck you it's superhero talk yeah you
know uh I mean all right I get like
under under the correction that Captain
America is peak human yeah it might have
to give that to Batman like I might have
to give it I don't like giving it to
Batman Batman I'm like Captain America
but if you're gonna be honest about who
would win in a fight not do the fanboy
well I like the one thought better right
yeah that's what I'm saying I'm saying
you might be right she set up the bait
you need to look no further than Michael
Van Patrick who's a michael van Patrick
Michael Van Patrick earth-616
oh god no that's too much I'm not
reading that I don't know what it is
yeah you know what you got I think you
got a fair case for Batman I've got a
fair case for Batman
all right a couple gook says also
congratulations this is a real PC game
for real PC gamers okay it's a good job
rich yeah that's not like I've ever
played real PC games never played a real
gamers before peak human means best
meaning calf is better at all the things
the really good human Batman he's being
better than the really good human Batman
physically as far as strength goes but
what does that say about abilities
skills famines and ninja yeah he's
studied several different versions of
martial arts and I'm sure Captain
America you know he knows a little a
little that ww2 boxing but yeah Batman
could probably
error
renegade akira says hey Jan iro what's
the remake you're dreading becomes
reality I can only imagine that back to
the future we'll have a Chinese girl for
diversity and money and the rock as Doc
Brown you know what now I just kind of
want to see that one that would be so
effed up I love it
love it that man's only real advantage
IMO is stealth well Batman has stealth
Batman has more gadgets and Batman knows
more fighting styles so I think Batman
has a few advantages you know captain's
reaction time is good so probably
batarangs would be useless but heck even
you know even amateur Spiderman was able
to web up captain a couple times in
civil war
so I bet cap or Batman would be able to
to last soo him at least a few times
then uses sweet ninja moves you know as
far as remix I'm dreading you know III
don't really dread many things know
remake can undo the original movie I've
been hearing some pretty bad things out
of the Jumanji camp just to talk about a
recent remake I think they're going you
know in a strange direction with the
Jumanji thing but you know I also don't
hate the rock I think he's fine
they're saying movie cap can beat movie
Batman probably a movie cap seems to be
far more than human yeah I think I think
movie cap is like a sub super I pulled
that one out of my ass he sure did you
know why cuz I just love to one guy and
I could focus on what I was doing
honestly that's what happened
the clusterfuck was gone because
everyone else was dead tired I'm focused
now they're going to weird dimmer it
directly like do you know the thing
about the new Jumanji do you know what
the thing is no the nude you don't care
enough about Jumanji really the first
one was again
yeah it's fun it's a fun movie I like to
remind you like I'm not a Jumanji
hardcore fan or anything but they give
with the new Jumanji is they get sucked
into a video game and now and the kids
when they're sucked into a video game
turn into their video game characters
that's where you get the rock from okay
and so it's it's the rock with the mind
of a child inside the jungle okay I
think that you know what there's a fine
kids movie premise in there and we'll
see how to handle it I think it could be
fine and Karen Gillan's and so like Nick
arcade are we okay with switching games
now that I hate this I'm not saying I
hate this but it's I'm not a real-time
strategy and I tried it after everyone
bitched at me you got to play it you got
to put alright that's good
you want me to play a little bit no no
you know what I'm gonna switch to the
other Warhammer game oh okay that's not
a real time strategy sure that's fine
yeah one hour 27 minutes hey everyone
let's all why don't we do a little
stand-up time alright so
how do I save and exit here is there is
the steam constant interruptions
covering up important things yep
that was that's so funny we're not we're
probably not gonna finish frog
refractions - I just don't think we
don't know I was watching awesome games
done quick for his last week yeah I was
watching that er you know what the Clint
I'm do tell
oh yeah it's a lot more it wasn't just a
little bit that we didn't see
yeah there was a lot more I don't know
if we have our old save file anymore but
it looked like there was a decent chunk
of stuff Jack I just I honestly I don't
care did you not like the game I'm kind
of curious I didn't know no I thought I
was clever yeah you know what it was it
was really cute Oh what happened we
exited the windows and we never quite
got there are we still streaming done
they just had undertale more like
blunder tail so but voices Jack yeah I
think we're still streaming well I have
two black screens we do we have two
black screens okay yeah we're still
streaming okay but so before we have to
shut down the computer we're gonna have
to and restart the stream
undertale was really cute yeah and it
was a fine play I just didn't feel very
interested in it I find that shocking
whereas like we had a land we had a lot
of fun playing it - what that's why I
find it shocking there was a lot of fun
cute clever things going on undertale
there were if I what I'm what I'm trying
to say is I think if I were playing it
by myself
it would be just kind of a man
experience so the fun I get from it's
like oh yeah me and rich played it we
did funny voices and that's kind of
silly I think the voice is made
unbearable for you what do you mean
doing the voice for what was his name oh
no I like that like that like that is
fun like okay we did weird voices I
that's where I got the enjoyment out of
it a Pyrus had a lot of dialogue a lot
of though and a lot of a high energy
voice you were using I could see it if
you couldn't deal with that but oh no
and but I loved it and you know killed
my voice but it was hilarious and I had
a great time playing because I was
playing with you yeah in the stream if I
were playing that same game by myself
I probably I probably wouldn't wouldn't
have even gotten like an hour passes
like yeah I get it
I got it it was constantly being clever
I might have enjoyed that on my own
yeah where's like I didn't play it on my
own it's hard to say for a 100% sure but
like a game like a game like inside I I
could really get and I could I could see
myself like getting to the end and
really love it less so inside a lot less
inside for me yeah like the light
puzzles you got on that yeah yeah but I
feel like I would have gotten that a lot
faster and then the ending was so worth
it so come yeah it was fun I'm not and
I'm not saying ever in chat I'm not
saying it's a bad game I'm even saying I
enjoyed it and it was cute but yeah just
you know I wasn't super do it but here's
the thing rich if you want to replay it
on stream and get to the ending I'm
perfectly okay with that I'm I'm
apathetic towards okay
oh I'm supposed to hate under tell
because it's JRPG inspired even though
even though the combat itself is nothing
like the JRPG combat that I despise like
old school old school JRPG cough it has
the old-school JRPG preface but then you
actually do something it's like I'm
pullin hell yes yes yeah yeah just just
like a junior but it is the same thing
because you're dumb and we cannot get
past the superficial surface things yeah
cuz cuz Dawn of War 2 is exactly like
Helldivers okay so everyone we have two
black screens here and we're gonna have
to restart the computer we have to
restart I'll be back we'll be back with
more work marine okay cool so we'll be
back take a break stand up and do all
the things you do the space called space
marine is it Donna for - it's just Donna
more space
