Episode 712
I'd Warhammer in the Morning
February 10, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DI1E2CBiCrs
___________________________________________

do wanna give Jay a camera Jay you wanna
be on camera I just want to talk okay
you're the that's broken
apparently oh yeah okay so just make
sure that doesn't fall off the thing so
it's just on the couch but it shouldn't
it shouldn't really fall off the thing
why am I getting a tampon commercial we
ran a commercial because we never run
commercials
you can run commercials in the middle of
streams if you feel like it I always
forget like we're talking we're talking
about stuff
so you're still streaming right now
right are you gonna commercial I think
it's probably over by now yeah space
hurry oh yeah I was at a friend's house
for that game yeah there's a bunch of us
there and by the start of the second
half no notes or even talking anymore oh
oh there's there's there's a Satan in
the building rich and I as a non Packer
fan as a nun sports fan I also enjoy
that they lost because then everyone
shuts up about if they would have no
problem with people being excited about
something Jack cuz they don't shut up
about it and then you know you like you
watch the local news to be like what's
the weather gonna be like tomorrow just
talking about the Packers and it's about
pecker pecker back Francis shut the fuck
it's a big deal I guess they could have
gone to the Super Bowls Jack what all
the Super Bowls one of the suit want oh
well there's just one of them
now all one of them they could have gone
to yeah yeah it's fine
so you went to be fest yeah it was great
well well the first half was great it
was very front-loaded this year we're
just like the first like 12 hours or so
it was like one really great movie after
another that's great and then the second
half was like lots of duds Oh like you
know those best the worst movies when we
don't know anything to say and we
gameboard yeah a lot of those
okay it was fine and then they ended
would they live which is of course too
good for B fests yeah but I'm not gonna
complain but it's they live in a theater
with a really receptive audience that
played really well it was great cuz like
B fest you know everyone's just like
yelling at the screen all the time and
stuff yeah and make in front of the
movies but everyone was just like into
they live because it's they live right
there's a few jokes here and there but
most of the time everyone was just like
laughing with the movie right it was
really great do you think that was the
organizers wanting to end on a high note
or do you think that they thought that
was a legitimate B movie
well somebody sponsored it and so if he
sponsor movie you know I think if they
can pay to get it in they'll play it
yeah
but I'm wondering if someone sponsored
it because it's kind of a political
movie and it's maybe more so relevant
right now sure it's related to that or
if it's just a coincidence but man it
played great with a crowd oh great oh
they live what happened it's close B
fest would they live with B first would
they live that's that's the thing is
it's too good of a movie but yeah I'm
not gonna complain about seeing they
live in a theater bunch of people that
were totally annuity' they live has some
of the most compelling filler of any
movie I've ever seen because you know 70
percent of the movies filler there's so
there's a couple key scenes that are
fantastic yeah I like the the filler
scenes though I like the whole movie
that's what I'm saying that's what I
realized realized is like the way the
movie is structured I didn't realize how
great it is until seen like an audience
respond to it because like the first
half
is kind of slow and dry before he gets
sunglasses yeah but once he gets those
sunglasses and there's the great scene
of him you know discovery know what's
going on and then he kills the cops and
they takes they're gone and then he like
goes into the bank and that's the bubble
gum line yeah and like everything after
that like all the humor kicks in like
everything plays great and so it's like
that first half works because it's like
just a slow build-up to it getting
completely silly it makes it more
satisfying when he finally just starts
unloading on these these aliens good oh
yeah and I didn't mean that
Oh compelling filler it's it's the 100%
filler but it's great but maybe yeah
that well that played great too because
it seems like it's gonna end like three
or four different times when they start
fighting again well thank you cinnamon
just posted a bee fest line up oh yeah
have you ever heard of action Jackson
with Carl Weathers I'd heard of it
fuck yeah love action Jeff oh you've
seen it oh yeah I was I knew the title
but I'd never seen it I didn't know
anything about it have you ever seen it
I've heard of it it's like late 80s like
it was trying to be like an action
franchise for Carl Weathers
it didn't really pan out but it's kind
of Awesome yeah the end of the movie I
just think Craig T Nelson is the bad guy
in it and the end of the movie is he has
like a big party it is his mansion or
whatever and Cara weather shows up and
he drives I don't know what type of car
some sort of you know fancy like
Lamborghini or something
drives it through the front door of his
house like breaks through the front wall
of the house drives the car up the
stairs and down a hallway into correctiy
Nelson's bedroom and then they get out
and fistfight well they have guns but
then like Kirk T Nelson throws down his
gun and he's like we're gonna you know
fight like men yeah yeah so then they do
that for a while until they get really
tired and then they just shoot at each
other give up on the whole honor thing
Space Marine Warhammer 40k Space Marine
so many Warhammer games was when we
played last time oh I know I just have
to find that I'm updated Space Marine
there's a million-in-one Warhammer games
you know I just wanna update punch
things in the face wait you grew up not
seeing any movies how did you see action
Jackson it's a good question that's a
random one that is a random one uh it
must been something that I saw at Jake's
house he got all the good movies they he
had HBO like back in the day that's like
made for HBO movie right yep and so he
would you know record all the movies off
of HBO and just have stockpiles and we
were obviously super into predator and
so just there's a natural progression
action Jackson's a predator reunion it's
got like cuz Carl Weathers is in it and
Bill Duke who's like the bald black dude
that's incredible yeah and then Billy
from predator oh yeah one who like cuts
his chest you know yeah he shows up in
action Jackson for a sec oh man that's
great yeah I remember loving acting
Jackson yeah it was really fun it almost
felt like a parody of 80s action movies
maybe that's why I didn't do so well
yeah they weren't ready for you it's
Kali commando where it's like it knows
it's silly belly back it was Carl
Weathers commando yeah how was your you
were in Madison right I was in Madison
for the for the beer and cheese festival
the it Smith beer and cheese festival we
were making a video I would have gone
just to go cuz it's insane oh yeah
there's like a hundred and twenty
breweries and then another 30 to 40 like
cheese makers and chocolate makers and
you buy a ticket and you just get to
drink til you die or they close the door
listen Madison were there doing the
protesting oh shit
uh are you sure it wasn't a wine tasting
we just got into that rich and where's I
had to go that where was it like
downtown is that the Alliant Center
okay so close it was close - close ish
to where the protests were but you know
we were inside drinking we didn't give a
fuck about politics or nothing no sure
there was a nice thing about beef s
that's the smart choice yeah it was nice
we're a lot were locked in a tiny room
watching terrible movies what better way
to take your mind off of it yeah it was
nice but it was great it was super fun
you know obviously I was working so I
couldn't drink too much but you know
that all the vendors are super excited
to see us we're making a video for the
place with the pass me a beer guys who
they all know because they all are in
the beer industry yeah and so Nick and
Tim with goddamn celebrities well that's
probably like every every two seconds
someone will stop and get a picture
taken with them
this was their comic-con you know so
that was great and just ton of beer and
you know just have a little bit oh oh
that tastes great oh yeah and just you
just you you're drunk you're drunk all
day and I'm really hoping the footage is
in focus because is it all did he say is
it all in Wisconsin beers are like all
over there's a lot of local breweries
like em gay brewing is there like grunt
is there a lot of even smaller ones but
from all over the six point people were
there and I've talked about their beer
resin many times I love my favorite it's
that tiny green can of gasoline my
favorite beer and like the brewer was
there I was like listen I don't want to
get gout but your behavior you know like
meeting a celebrity meeting an actor
that you love this it's Monique stomp
your beer so much and he let me try some
of their resin hi-rez which is like a
new higher alcohol version of resin
which is already high which is already
like nine percent so this is even higher
out
not even on the shelves yet how Rises
like I think it's it's over ten Oh God
I've at that point I was drinking way
too much so I don't even know but it was
great I'm assuming you guys just stayed
in Madison that night though we did just
stayed in Madison oh yeah
no I had a very nice hotel I had a had a
very interesting evening so after the
festivities were all the hammered and we
go well first we go back to the hotel
the shower because the the the guys have
just been doused in beer all day the the
bit with this video is how many
different ways to drink a beer can we
think of and so we have different props
and whatnot I'm feeling a squirt gun
with beer and stuff like that
so they go home we go back to the hotel
shower then we go to the after party and
then after the after-party we're talking
with one of the vendors there and and
she goes hey what are you guys doing
after the after-party you were saying
fuck it's going to bed go to bed because
we're old men and she's like check this
out I know this place
this uh this place having a burlesque
show drunk a little burlesque show we're
like we like boobs unless shows are
classier than that Jack but still boobs
mister so get with it but you know it
sounded like fun and why not she was
very nice and so okay yeah we staff
we've got some to eat and we went to the
burlesque show
we pull up near the burlesque show and
and some things to set up beforehand is
we're not the kind of people who like to
go out to like dance clubs okay like you
know oh we like bars well we're more sit
drink and talk kind of people right so
we said do you think that there's gonna
be a place at the
or we could just sit drinking talking
maybe you know catch the burlesque show
out in the distance a absolutely no
crime
okay great so we pull up to this place
and it is like brightly lit neon
corridor filled with a lot of men who
are very scantily dressed okay and she
showed us a poster and it had a lady on
and so we're like that's that's weird
all right but you know we're very very
drunk at this point sure and and we go
in and there's a cover charge so we pay
the cover charge and we start seeing a
lot more very handsome men wearing only
Underpants and all the wall art is
handsome men in Underpants
and then we start seeing furries
honest-to-goodness like animal head
tails coming out of their underpants are
you into a gay furry burlesque show
didn't you there wasn't even a burlesque
show this Betty just took us to a gay
bar where'd the burlesque show come into
like why did they just say it was a
burlesque show I have no fucking idea
you were deceived
we were bamboozled yeah we were
bamboozled and you know like I was
willing to roll with the punches like
maybe there's a men and women's
burlesque show maybe there's a burlesque
show at the gay bar that's fine Sharon
but no it was it wasn't even a bar he
was a club it was like a dance club
it was the cranium I ate my brother
who's a little more conservative than me
was just like out well you know the the
lady who brought us there bought us a
drink I was like let's just stay for
drink and maybe maybe the burlesque show
will happen maybe the women will come
out eventually
maybe maybe as a Z list internet
celebrity yeah I would not want photos
of me floating around that we're taking
that
a gay furry bar that you think fine but
I could deal without the attention sure
well you know it was fine the the real
center of it was because it was a club
it was a dance club there was no place
just to sit and talk and drink yeah like
it was all see that would be enough to
make me want to leave is this like gay
or straight I wouldn't want to be stuck
at some dance club yeah and and we found
a few like ladies also wearing scantily
clad outfits like lingerie ladies that
probably shouldn't be but that's a whole
nother story don't body shame yeah I did
you know what I just did you're putting
it out there I'm receiving an on putting
it out there but you know so that was
the other thing where I was like not
only like no burlesque show there's no
place just to sit and drink and talk we
did what we wanted to do and so just
like we're going now we have to leave
and go now yep it was it was a classic
jaebum and biue so that's how that's how
our night ended but you know what now
you've had that experience Oh boom
and over overall it was a very fun time
just and you know like it's just a weird
way to end the night yeah and then like
we're taking an uber back to the hotel
and the uber driver starts talking shit
about all the protesters calling them
like whiny babies or whatnot and I'm
drunk and so I'm arguing back with him
because like they're obviously not whiny
baby through trying to do something with
their lives well regardless of opinion
uber drivers shouldn't be get into that
state yeah that's how you end up with a
with a low with a low rating right yeah
so so that's all that happened people
started getting pissed so we went to the
bar at the hotel and then a guy at the
bar at the hotel was like probably on
the autism spectrum and it was just was
talking way too much wanted to be best
friends with this nice spiral well you
should have said to him is like hey
we're actually gonna go out maybe you
could meet us at this awesome club
there's gonna be a burlesque show
there's actually gonna be a burlesque
show we'll meet you there and
show up boom and he beat the bamboozled
won so yeah it was great it was great
got to drink a lot of really delicious
beer have some cheese cheeses from
around the world nice and I met some
nice people overall bamboo yeah BAM
absolutely bamboozled bamboozled
bamboozled we were bamboozled all right
let's see here
where were we
Chuckie Cheese we did that Phoenix right
anonymous says not to say this game is
boring not about this game and when I
was playing bit boring jalopy game but
I've been game it was so I'm so sorry
everyone
that happens sometimes you take a risk
it was a now we know how do you know
you're going to a gay furry Club who did
she show up that was that was the spirit
like we were just making that to say
like how maybe we could just sit and
drink and then and they weren't in the
full furries that just the heads and the
tails and underpants how much do you
need I'm trying to decide which would be
weird or like full furry costume or just
head tail in underpants yeah right you
know it's probably weirder what the tail
was probably coming out of a butt plug
yes
probably probably and that's you know
that's if that's what you do that's fine
but like that that that they walked past
just as we were like so we could stay
okay we're gonna we're just gonna leave
now that's fine but they were saying oh
so
ja jalopy was boring did you know that
the joy of painting with Bob Ross has
623,000 more views than prereq right now
Bob knows how to keep it exciting
they do not a marathon that's just a
good show just twitch the stream Bob
Ross they did like a year ago they had
like a marathon when they first unveiled
like twitch creative yeah but I think
maybe he just has a channel that that
goes well he doesn't have anything he's
dead he's dead for a while exam I just
play is all that so I think they just
loop his episodes they are very calming
24/7 or they have hours for it
jab jab jab I know what I'm doing the
night just listening to listen and enjoy
painting these great it is great it
really is honestly what did they call
that way where it's like soft talking it
as me ASMR yeah
there's anything watching right I don't
know I don't even think ASMR I don't
know a lot about it I don't think it's
just voice stuff I think it's like
noises like it's like soothing noises
like it could be someone like opening a
box and like slowly I think it's always
that unless maybe the check and correct
me I think it's like more than just
vocal stuff oh I thought I was just
calmly talking about I think that's
probably the biggest thing but I think
there's more to it okay Sunday and
Monday they stream random episodes but
apparently that's great and of course
he's beating us he's great he should he
should you can learn very important life
lessons from Bob Ross we don't make
mistakes we just have happy accidents
rewind shock know that job's been played
out so I'm okay that the mods deleted
that and get it together if you're gonna
if you're gonna tell like a dumb drunk
like that at least make it like a joke
that hasn't been recycled on every
single web forum for the past three days
how about that game child UK says was at
the Women's March in Chicago I was happy
to do it
Trump hasn't done anything yet but his
and his GOP platform is horrible rich is
right though DNC needs not to force a
candidate on to us the eye eyes on mage
says God bless you for our LM not
living in California or a coastal state
okay okay rich speaks your mind while
Jack doesn't walk up and leave because
of a disagreement that's true we can
disagree disagree it's a friendly
disagreement we get along zactly that's
what we're all talking about you have to
have the same opinion and if you don't
then you have to hate each other that's
the way yeah shit and also if you don't
like a movie it means that you think
it's the worst movie ever and if you
think of movies okay it means that you
you love it and if there's nothing
there's no gore you hated that's that's
all there's the only options I've hated
movies I've liked wait a minute what
it's like the life line and Donnie Darko
or this just the two extremes if you
hated one movie but liked another movie
that had some similarities
you're an inconsistent critic that's the
one I always think of is a Suicide Squad
yeah it's complaining about the music in
that I like the first did you ever see
it I'm going to but I haven't again but
like the first 10 minutes it's like like
five different pop songs like one after
the other and says complaining about the
you know how poorly use the pop songs
are in it uh-huh and I don't know why
this one comment stuck out to me where
they're like you complain about the pop
songs and this but you love guardians of
the galaxy question mark so yeah I guess
they will they also both have actors in
it so I guess I have to like of equal no
I do I remember that part in guardians
though where it was like a barrage of
modern-day pop songs right at the
beginning yeah not just one extended
sequence of a classic rock songs just a
barrage the fact that the use of the
songs actually has some sort of like
emotional resonance with the character
that's kind of nice I mean I guess if
you want to like read a little too much
into it but they build that pop songs in
it so that means I have to like both of
them or hate both of love that's really
cool II that's true that's true
both were shot using video cameras yes
so get it together
all right who also Metal Gear Rising has
a topical and so if we wanted to have a
topical stream we could play Metal Gear
Rising says I've on mage game child ukj
and Jack do review on clerks at
lightning fast counter with green screen
quick stop behind you in black and white
or do regular review format we don't do
one clicks we should do when I clicks
I'm absolutely done with that also get
patton oswalt back if possible he's
awesome he's welcome whenever he wants
to come on
abso-freakin'-lutely for first base open
invitation the patton oswalt absolutely
first face cop we went to him he's a
busy fella he fit us in between like
three other shoots yeah and we had him
for 10 minutes but he stayed for about
12 because he liked hanging out yeah he
made time it always is pretty great
amazing the scheduling hurdles we have
to go through though just to get that 10
minutes was quite a big quite a big deal
yeah he's a busy busy man
I think he's going on tour soon so maybe
if he comes close we can stagger be
great I'm best the worst that's it
that'd be a big ass
that would be a huge never be impossible
ask right that's such a time commitment
it is we have a full day your life
you're gonna waste it you get to you
have to sit on a couch with us so you
can see you can gain nothing well
propping up a shitty web show those
creatures are fun yeah
Space Marine well what's the full name
Warhammer 40k is the franchise oh it's a
Warhammer yeah Warhammer 40k Space
Marine suicide gremlins no suicide
bomber grandmas they're great
I just love your big dumb marine look I
know what's great he's an action figure
you know like like his points of
articulation and everything no he's a
living action figure
yeah I mean if they thought a little bit
about the armor being usable yeah yeah
we didn't update the overlay and well
we'll get on maybe or we'll forget or
you just won't or we just photos all
right jalopy gets really strange there
now you could thank Jay for recommending
the witch man from Lauren some wants to
thank you for recommending the witch it
was great
oh yes the witch is so good it's so good
you don't even know
I don't everyone should watch the witch
it's a I've heard it's super awful yeah
who'd you hear that from dummies the
internet told me yeah oh yeah it's very
boring I was watching I was watching
some podcast about Star Wars and I said
that rogue one was great but the witch
suck and then they talked about other
Star Wars things for another three hours
Oh what else well sister to talk about
exactly but like just for a brief second
they go I mean compared to the witch
they couldn't even spell it right you
know the bitch get the good together
can't understand where anyone's saying I
tried to by official the witch
merchandise and they didn't even have
any toys how I wanted to play I wanted
to be the vivid someone posted I don't
think they actually exist but someone
posted I think it was the company that
put out the which may that puts an image
of like the which action figures I don't
think they actually exist that they do
they're just sort of like a niche thing
oh sure that it was neat a small run for
yeah for hardcore fans yeah well they do
you have some of those like the where
they look like the old like like 80s
action figures where you can get
what are they called reaction figures we
get like Freddy Krueger oh yeah yeah
like Jason and all sorts of stuff like
that
awesome oh yeah I think I said they had
Back to the Future ones that like the
Star Wars Kenner ones yeah that's what
they look like yeah and there's like ah
yeah then back to the future they have
Goonies yeah I know what you're talking
about those are fun right hardcore says
that they're the one that links you to
those stories on Twitter oh thank you
they go I do want to see the footage my
list has grown far too long yeah and I
just got doomed oh yeah we got a lot of
doomed I'm so excited
doomed the story of how Roger Corman's
the Fantastic Four yeah it was made I
got oh that that's done I got the
documentary nice yes it just came a
weekend and I wasn't able to watch it
because I said uh Madison where is that
available is that digitally anywhere
like Amazon or something or no I think
it is I know you got you got the blu-ray
but I think I think digital I think I
saw it on iTunes at least it's iTunes
I'm sure it's on Amazon yeah the blu-ray
has a ton of bonus stuff yeah standed
interviews with Roger Coleman he's an
old blue thering man it by this point
he's still very articulate is it yeah oh
yeah Roger Corman is an intelligent guy
he's very very relaxing the way he talks
amsr summer Emerson was rumored Roger
Corman ASMR that's every time he says
anything let me tell you about this
picture I made in 1972 yeah I need like
if I had two full days if I had two full
days with with no work to do and the
wife and kids gone like I could probably
watch every movie that I need to want
what else is on your list I want to
watch Suicide Squad I know it's gonna
suck but I just wanna I wanna watch it I
still have Noah oh yeah that I borrowed
from here we're going to watch the good
guys I haven't seen
which I know that I still know well I'm
a vacation I finally saw arrival
oh yeah that's forever which I loved oh
good and I saw did you see moonlight I
have not seen moonlight I've heard good
things you might yeah well I've also
heard it's kind of like like the new
boyhood where it's like there's not a
lot of story to it there's no story yeah
it's all slice of life character thing
which can be fine it depends on the
other you know aspects of the movie the
acting is really great the the character
study is very fascinating I just don't
give a shit about the subject matter and
I like it I like a story yeah you know
so but it's it's very good if you like
it it's great no no you're right you're
right it sucks and and it's the worst
it's sort of the worst thing ever and
because I didn't like it I'm racist Jack
you have to like it I have to like it
all right
where where is that I knows that so you
keep telling me about your tape in your
next J how people do that or they bother
you if you don't read their tip like
immediately we remind people that
sometimes tips lead to conversations
right is the whole reason why people
want to see in the first place yeah calm
down that's my god
J you should not read it now I'll teach
you how's he gonna teach these people
keep on in line look look that
discussion about doomed and the which is
all fine and good but what's really
important is that we bring up their tip
where they tell me I need to play the
long war mod you're right you're right
that's what's really important to know
that the long war mod for XCOM 2 is out
now
is the official the official unofficial
mod for the popular unofficial mod for
the first XCOM is not about 4x time it's
still unofficial not made by fire axis
but they have officially endorsed it as
an unofficial mod
officially officially because it was
such a popular unofficial mod for the
first XCOM game which was in fact itself
a reboot of the old XCOM series what I'm
just I'm just gonna keep that's tip
right until oh you know what I got so I
I'm not done with the season yet but I
finally watched a little bit of ash vs.
Evil Dead Season 2 oh yeah
got to that morgue oh god that is so
ridiculous
have you read anything about the season
finale you know I got completely fucked
rich was telling me a little bit about
and apparently the original the
showrunner yeah the original idea was
interesting yeah that cuz I didn't read
about that till after I saw I saw the
season finale I was like that's
confusing yeah I was like what is
happening and then I read that and I was
like oh that sucks yeah like so that's
kind of disappointing but the rest of
the season is pretty good I'm enjoying
it a lot more than I enjoyed the first
season mostly because I think I'm
finished watching this time yeah
and that was my big problem the first
season is I feel like the show needs to
be longer than a half an hour yeah but
when you've been to watch it's almost
like you're watching it along her show
right so but I'm enjoying it so far well
I I just got to what's her husband's
name
the father of her children the bad guy
ball-ball I just got the ball okay
he's kind of a letdown as a villain yeah
well it seems that threatening well I
think it probably have been fine if they
shot the season finale yes the way they
wanted yes it feels like it's building
towards something and then it kind of
just deflates er disappointing but I'm
still Bruce Campbell hamming it up so
it's kind of all you really be I mean
for that Morgan so it might be all worth
it yeah that was holy and that was a big
fight to keep that in if you're in the
interview with the showrunner really yep
yeah cuz Rob Tapper who is Sam Raimi and
Bruce Campbell's partner who's back way
back from the original Evil Dead hmm
he's sort of a cos Sam Raimi's obviously
off doing his own stuff right and Bruce
Campbell's acting so he's like the main
producer of the show and I guess there
was like constant conflict between him
and the showrunner really about yeah so
it kind of sucks that the series is
being slightly sabotage by one of the
original creators of the Evil Dead
franchise it was too silly
II was worried that the show would get
too silly and that's the point
people fucking won do you want to now
try and make something that's like the
original Evil Dead like what so you what
you have is a is an original creator who
doesn't understand you have a Lucas Oh
terrible yeah I figured this was like
this was like stars suits saying no no I
think they're all based on interviews
and stuff their whole reason with going
with stars is cos stars was going to
leave them alone and let them do
basically whatever they wanted oh that's
amazing
Martin stars Park Row yeah which I guess
is what stars has done pretty much like
they did that's why they went with them
because you know as much gore as they
wanted and swearing and whatever else oh
yeah so yeah no the problem is with with
Rob Tapert which sucks
how interesting yeah how interesting see
what happens next season you see I'm a
little nervous about it yeah yeah so far
this season - it has been an upside I
didn't much care for season 1 but this
season 2 has been an upswing for me
really like season one it might like
season two more it won't slow in the
middle yeah yeah not a whole lot happens
story wise yeah all right
that's for real now Jay how much of the
written twin peak stuff have you read
none coops tapes
Laura's diary none the oral history no
Wow no I want to read the the new book
the history of Twin Peaks however it's
called nope all that buildup yeah sorry
also have you seen hell or high water uh
yeah I just watched it recently it's
pretty good and what's that it's with
Jeff Bridges okay it sort of has a No
Country for Old Men vibe kinda you mean
the brother of famous actor Beau Bridges
yes exactly Oh Bridges less famous
brother okay great yeah it's about these
two bank robbers and Jeff Bridges the
cop that's trying to track him down
it's pretty good I didn't love it but um
I liked it it was pretty character
driven and Jeff Bridges is worth seeing
it for a long because he's Jeff Bridges
he puts a great performance in it's hard
to think of a movie he's not good in
yeah I have yet to see RIPD though I'm
sure he's fine in it I'm sure that he's
not that movie's problem sure I don't
think anybody saw that movie nobody saw
that that was that movie's problem is it
him and Ryan Reynolds is it Ryan
Reynolds is out the mm might be I think
it might be my beard
speaking of Ryan Reynolds did you hear
batshit insane DC casting news no DC is
flailing wildly well I heard Ben Affleck
is talking why Ben Affleck keeps away
furring on directing his Batman movie oh
really that's crazy that they didn't
have him like locked in right because I
would think he was locked in for like
three movies and one of them heat and
he'll have done three but before they
even do Batman
right so that's kind of crazy that they
didn't get that lockdown DC is such a
clusterfuck it's such a clusterfuck so
they're they're making a new Green
Lantern movie Jay have you considered
that you're a Marvel fan boy
that's all it is yeah it's not that they
have their shit together and are making
more consistently quality films it is
Brian Reynolds by the way in RIPD okay
so they're they're redoing Green Lantern
and they're making a movie called Green
Lantern Corps okay and so they're
looking for actors to play Hal Jordan
the Green Lantern right or one of the
many Green Lantern right has have been
and on their short list of actors is
Ryan Reynolds what well he did come back
with Deadpool he was a shitty Deadpool
and then he was a good Deadpool right I
don't see that happening but I'll never
know
he would never done less they gave him
creative control of it yeah
which after Deadpool I don't know why
they wouldn't right he might he might do
it just so they can make a joke about it
and Deadpool - I'm not even kidding
I'll make this shitty movie just so we
can make fun of it yes oh my god that
would be great shot man proto man is
just l before Jon Stewart yes who's a
different Green Lantern oh I thought
you're saying Jon Stewart to play
Greenland oh one of one of the Green
Lantern's is like a stern like everyday
beat cop who gets the the Green Lantern
now so I know there's lots of like
aliens that have it right yeah creatures
and there are space cops yeah but our
sectors great our Earth's sectors Green
Lantern is you know how Jordan right
he's sort of the main one right well
like him and then who was the other one
that was like an argon several who could
do like whacky things with his ring they
all do which one can do wacky thing no
no the one who is famous al Raynor who
was the comic book artist Kyle Rayner I
think is another comic book I don't know
fuckin Ellen Ellen Scott was the
original guy Jordan guy guy Jordan
garden day Gardner get Gardner hey but
he's not our sectors he's like he's like
a green human he's he's
I don't know how that works with Wu
sectors what sector and I thought talk
about humans who have been Green Lantern
the the Golden Age ones who doesn't
really count Alan Scott right then you
had Hal Jordan guide gardener and then
after Hal Jordan went nuts and killed
everybody it was Kyle Rayner okay
so there's lots of green there's lots of
cannon to pull from chair and but just
just I'm there shoreless Brian who's a
hot actor again that's one night they
wanna I'm sure because of dead what I'm
sure you've heard that there there's
like I don't know if there's any truth
to it but there's supposedly like
insider info leaked that Wonder Woman
and Justice League are supposed to be
like cluster fucks why I mean it's not
surprising right now there's a official
word right somebody that's seen footage
from that it's a man they're both a mess
well Jay have you exert enough to be
false Jay have you considered the fact
that the entire of the entirety of the
press is a marvel fan boy that's true
everyone that's ever seen a movie is
paid by Disney that's true
one Disney has the money so they can do
it they do yeah but they're only saving
grace was Wonder Woman Disney is so
desperate to have good press that
they're willing to pay us to give
positive reviews to movies that have
already been out for a week or two
you're not supposed to you're not
supposed to say that so are we still on
we're still alive oh we're still
streaming shit can you edit that part
out of the live stream yeah I'll edit
that out hold me up okay no one no one
heard it no one ever right now they're
only saving grace was Wonder Woman like
a different director hopefully a
different direction and if that's a if
that's the clusterfuck because uh what's
his name Zack Snyder no he's on Justice
League and that's supposed to be a mess
too which doesn't surprise me of course
of course
cuz I keep I mean there's still the
movies even though everybody hates them
they're still like Suicide Squad was a
big hit yeah so I am feeling Wonder
Woman might be their first actual like
potential flop though cuz I just don't
think anybody cares like who's excited
oh who's excited about Wonder Woman
and it's not a you know like a sexist
thing but just like is it doesn't look
interesting as a movie yeah they they
might they might pull a Ghostbusters
reboot and and play up the the feminist
plant the the female play up the the
female you what you wanted a female
superhero you better go see it or we
won't make another one well that worked
out so well for girls but yeah there was
no what are you there's not a lot of
buzz for an Ernie I don't think anyone
cares I don't think there's a lot of
interest in it well it's opposite to
Logan oh it's gonna get trampled or it's
near Logan I think right Logan looks
legitimately good yeah yeah it does you
see the new trailer yeah comic book
movies don't have to be good riches
right it's nice when they're good yeah
look if you're a comic book fan you have
to support comic books by seeing and
liking the movies regardless of whether
or not they're actually good otherwise
you're a bad fan yes that's right you're
absolutely right Logan looks boring
you're wrong Obama sings say Logan looks
interesting yeah it looks like the
action sequences might have meaning
because there's characters that you care
it might be some some emotional
connection to the people in the film
right and it also looks like it's gonna
be a bit bloody and horrific yes and so
then you can get a visceral reaction
when your characters are doing things
it's which it is weird for people I know
like characters you don't need that how
many how many 80 80s are gonna be in
Logan not one they you have to do know
what that means two out of ten they have
to do the thing they did in the comic
yes only they can only do the thing they
did in the comic I guess they are kind
of doing that well it's based on
partially based on what is it old man
Logan series I don't know
I have no idea how close it's gonna be I
just think it looks like a good movie
yeah well in in the in the modern
universe one of the Wolverines has kind
of lost his healing ability like he
doesn't heal super fast that's what it
looks like it's happening in the movie
yeah yeah an old man Logan which is a
whole different thing yeah is his
healing ability has really just slowed
down okay yeah so we'll see I did its so
interest the x-men franchise is so
interesting to me and it's been so all
over the place
so the idea if this is like the last one
you know I'm sure they'll reboot it
they'll make a new series but like the
last one with Hugh Jackman's involvement
like they're gonna go out on a nice no
the class and especially after
apocalypse like how different like look
at the apocalypse compared to I mean I
haven't seen Logan yet we're just
looking at the trailer like how
different two movies in the same
franchise can be right and apparently
the same universe yeah it's so bizarre
did you just butt stomp him I did a lot
of horrible things okay yeah yeah and
you know and you can get away with that
kind of thing as long as the movies good
that's true that's true well there's
lots of talk of possibly setting up
x-23 or just taking something off man
yeah which would be fine she's she did
in the comic books yeah she she's taken
over the Wolverine mantle Hugh Jackman's
not in its gonna flop the video he's the
one thing that is held the x-men
franchise together in movie form I
should say I know a lot of people that
are into x-men think that the movies
have focused too much on them which I
guess yeah there's a reason they do it's
cuz he's awesome like x2 was the good
one yeah you know yeah but and the only
reason they focus on Wolverine is
because he has one of the more
compelling storylines sure but now that
that's done yeah you have a whole team
with compelling storylines just focus
now kiss on someone who's not The
Wolverine but then Hugh Jackman and yes
yes alright
it's the Jennifer Lawrence syndrome yeah
and mystique she looks so bored in that
last one he could not give a fuck about
that movie right hold on I need to I
need to disguise myself as a white lady
yeah okay good now whatever character
like doesn't mystique like she is proud
of being a mutant or she doesn't want to
hide it and yet she's constantly looking
like a human in those movies Laurence
couldn't be bothered to put on the
makeup I did the makeup thing for one
movie I'm done I'm done blame her it
sounds miserable oh I'm sure it is but
like that's the character and then that
he should have just recant I mean
obviously they weren't because she after
the first movie she became a huge star
like I'd wanted to hold on to that star
power but get someone who's actually
gonna give them a fuck or find yourself
a work this is something that you should
have figured out pre-production like
okay makeups gonna be a pain maybe we
could do like a suit and face CG or
something you know like something so you
don't have to go through all the horror
of the makeup share figure a workaround
out instead of human all the time I'm in
hiding which is a workaround it's just a
sucky workaround right yeah you know
where it is though it's a cheap work run
oh that's awesome
not to do digital makeup on her you know
what help give her clothes and then it's
just her face in her hands oh sure there
you go
misty of her clothes mystique in the
comic book wears clothes oh really
yeah so they changed that for the movie
just because sex cuz yeah yeah the hot
lady they did that in the first x-men
movie with me yes she made a much better
mystique then Academy award-winning
actress Jennifer Lawrence did she
wouldn't own Academy Award
did she or was it a Golden Globe that
she won I don't know I don't remember I
don't I'm just shocked I've never liked
their
I've never liked it everybody's sick of
her now right right yeah you will also
like mystique troll in the first couple
moves were very small yes you didn't
have a lot to do when they gave her a
lot to do in the third movie you know
she's sucked my am but but that was all
the third member soon right boobs yeah
everyone's agreeing boobs boobs boobs
boobs yeah I lied boobs it makes it
makes for a great trailer oh sure nude
blue lady I'm doing weird kicks she did
what she wanted asked what if she
wouldn't ask her for um just a couple
years ago which movie wasn't really
Winter's Bone she won an Oscar for
winters dogs but someone's saying right
yeah one one more recently not to win
taze babe that's crazy
let's go what is fine whatever Jennifer
Lawrence it's the Oscars who cares I
really think that's true rich j-jack how
often are you recognized in public any
strange fan stories more more frequently
yeah I mean it depends on where you're
at like something like B fests sure you
were just you answer yes tubby fest how
many how many any selfies yeah what's
that you like four or five okay
some girl that was a part of the because
it's run by the students there's no some
girl from red letter media I've been
watching you guys since I was fifteen
and then I went on the bathroom and
killed myself she's very nice but but
the thing is like she's a college
student so 15 is only a couple years ago
right right but the difference between
you know fifteen and eighteen like it's
a long amount of time when you're a kid
absolutely no the very bizarre that's
like you want so watching you for that
long is also shaping her as an adult
yeah which is really horrifying think
about that you think about that if
you're listening to the stream and
you're 15 stop watching us now
destroying your life and there you go
and there you go keep watching folks
he's just he's just getting people
actually tell you friends
all my interactions have been fairly
Pleasant alright now most people are
fine it's it's fine
yeah right into someone recently at the
grocery store I was not in the toilet
paper aisle which I was really happy
about
I ran into somebody who was so excited
to meet me he fake punched me in the
face well he was like he was like
tripping all over himself this is
getting all okay Richard oh it was a
very you know she's nervous about
meeting me he said I know if you can
tell me I'm kind of nervous it's like
are you doing uh you know too horrible
job of hiding it and then for some
reason he thought have you gonna do oh
you and then he faked punches me in the
face but he's so excited he did it too
hard and it was kind of a real punch oh
my god never mind
very close to home he's just excited to
meet me but I'm trying to do something
funny in the style of that's great so
you have to remind him you know we don't
know you write these things with each
other because we know each other I feel
bad anybody see split this weekend no
well I mean obviously I was out of town
oh that's true I was out of time too I'm
curious about that split it's getting
some good reactions oh yeah yeah well
that's a McAvoy right James McAvoy he's
a financiai Milan right with possibly
not a twist at the end maybe no there's
a twist at the end I don't know what it
is but there is a twist oh shit I
thought the twist was gonna be there is
no twist no that was the last movie the
visit was our twisting see the word of a
twist did anyone see the visit some
issues and I wasn't sure if it was
intentionally funny or not but it was
entertaining I think that's a pretty big
issue and it's like that that he's sort
of given up on trying to do the
big kind of prestige movies now and he's
just making these weird little things
yeah it's like like he sort of been
humbled by the fact that every movie
makes is horrible oh good so something
like the visit is very simple it kind of
tried to do like a found-footage thing
split is sort of like a high concept but
small-scale movie yeah a classic classic
like exploitation film like all right
yeah personality disorder all right yeah
we can work with that classic b-movie
yeah
the lead actress in it is the lead
actress from the witch oh very good
nc-17 NCC's 1701 I have no there was no
ending to the story beyond people saw me
in a grocery store I was there with my
children not in the toilet paper aisle
which was very important to me but then
after you know we so you know we shook
hands and they said David they like
swatching I said thank you and then my
kids were very curious is like why did
why did someone just stop and talk to me
some people some people like the videos
I make and they go what oh they don't
said you're lying to us dad why are you
a wired right I've seen no videos not a
fan not a fan not into it
but do chemo key b85 says hi rich Jack
and Jay rich I asked because I just
replayed it and still loved it
will you ever play Wolfenstein the new
order yes I will eventually plan ok boom
old handsaw Jay have you ever seen the
1974 Michael findell a movie not yeah
there's that I was saying if you're
gonna college I don't recognize the name
shriek of the mutilated no I have heard
that title before but I've not seen the
movie plot involves a field trip to
investigate Yeti sightings but things
aren't what they seem best final movie
liner honey a few years ago that new
story about some people who said they
you Dooley didn't they they shot a Yeti
and they they had it on ice and some
idiot Bigfoot enthusiast spent like
$100,000 on it and it turned out it was
a fraud they just put a gorilla costume
and like an ice box
good for them I think one of the
prominent Bigfoot people was like if we
finally yes we're gonna expose it I'm
giving you the money give it a Cubs
we're gonna show the world the real
maybe look at a thing before you buy it
yeah yeah take it take a quick little
peek before you buy it
never trust anyone especially when it
comes to Bigfoot that's that's great
life advice yes my mom told me that when
I was a child favorite customer no no
one has ever come up to me and said they
admired my porn editing skills because
if you remember I did not get that job
that's very true but they can imagine
they could imagine if you had that into
porn I think I think I think I could do
some good things for the industry you
know all right let's see yeah :
nibbler says heretics get out that's
important that's why I'm here thanks all
right great
Oh an anonymous as a for my Madison
story it sounds like iPhone
the elusive manhole it could it was not
called the manhole I who I do remember
what I was called but I thought I won't
say I'm sure it's a lovely bar if you're
into that stuff the club made yeah
not like shoving a chainsaw sword and
ogres mouth Oh rich Evans all right so
let's see here do be sandwich says I was
gonna talk about Shyamalan
but randomly I remembered y'all haven't
been to a convention in five years do
you plan on do you plan to either do a
prereq or rlm panel attic on local or
afar in the future no no no plans what
what did we show feeding frenzy at one
of those yeah when there's like two
people in the audience yeah yeah yeah
that didn't work out too well did he
show like a blink interview at one too
and ya know that one had an okay crowd
oh yeah but it was later in the day
feeding frenzy was like early afternoon
and it was a small convention anyway so
there was nobody there now we did a few
of those conventions early on discovered
that it wasn't really our thing sure
last one we resorted to making a video
about how it was too crowded to make a
proper video
yeah yeah no plans not out of a question
sure you don't know ain't no one's know
what I'm gonna declare it out of the
question
never what if uh convention that says
hey you know we want you to speak and
we'll give you money that's not gonna
happen
that's why I'm leaving it open
hey convention Booker's we work for
money I do at least I won't split it
with him but then you only get me and no
one's gonna pay for that
all right turtle the wisest Jack could
you offer me any legal advice and that's
the end of the question is it any legal
advice it's coming up on tax time don't
take any wooden nickels Wooden Nickel
would be counterfeit it's true and it
wouldn't be admissible and it would be
illegal to use it okay
that is legal advice also gonna say you
know just get your taxes ready it's it's
almost tax time get him done early that
way you don't have to worry about it
come crunch time and do them also do
your taxes make sure you do them you
have to do your taxes if you're a
business owner make sure to send out all
of your 1099 forms for any freelance
employees you have working for you
before February 1st you have to get all
of your forms out before the end of
January there you go that's that's fine
legal voice usually I I did it on time
this year I was really excited about
that but usually I've cut it down to the
wire Oh a couple times I've had to get
extensions cuz I forgot so I still gotta
get Ulysses Steam games that we have
purchased yeah well don't let me forget
when it's actual tax time yeah mommy to
put all those for deduction reasons but
oh there's more J seen silence which
ones silence a new Scorsese movie oh
I've seen it with a starring Andrew
Garfield's very bad beard
No are you thinking of hex or Ridge you
seen silence I know Liam Neeson's in
silence in silence - oh God I honestly
know a little about it I know it was
like a passion project of his he's been
trying to make forever but I have not
seen it know very little about it it's
shocking to me that Martin Scorsese has
a movie that he's been trying to make
forever say who's not gonna give him
money yeah I haven't read up on all the
details of it I just saw Andrew
Garfield's beard now come and I know
like I'm sure that's his natural beard
but it just looks awful yeah you know
it's just it's not a beard I want to
watch for all regardless of the quality
the rest of the movie all that matters
is the beard if I got a look at that
ugly thing I'll move it it's gonna you
know what its gonna distract me from the
good filming oh sure right Oh
heard great things uh no you're a rich
rich but thanks for loving metal you're
welcome thank you for all the laughs
guys be well says turtle the wise folk
Alex and the I says have any of you seen
Windy City heat no people have
recommended that to us that's directed
by Bob can't golf wait I was like a mate
for Comedy Central movie okay all right
hilarious movie where two guys convinced
their jerk friend that he's the star of
a major Hollywood action movie for real
if you haven't seen it watch it okay I
think we have a copy of it somewhere
around here
it wouldn't be it wouldn't be like
that's the worst worthy no it's just
like a comedy movie okay okay cool let's
see here future famous person says first
of all I'm really excited for Plunkett
and Susan's wedding there's a wedding we
gotta figure out what we're gonna do
about there's a wedding there's like
some random ad libbing ended up in the
final video and it almost seems like
we're setting it up for a real
storylines no I haven't watched it yet
we'll see what happens with that is this
why a lawyers involved yeah okay Oh God
oh Jesus
secondly who does surrealism better
David Lynch Neal bream ooh yeah that's a
tough one it's a really important
question I gotta watch right now don't
think just answer breathe you know I I
don't think I could pick between the two
right they're both equally brilliant
J were you and Mike holding out on
reviewing lala land until you can see
bye-bye man just to have such a
ridiculous title for a double bill half
in the bank not holding out it's just
one of those things are like Oh both
these movies are out let's just do these
two while a man in la-la land land bye
bye man what's there someone was posting
songs from another musical that came out
a few years ago called what was it
across the continent across the across
the universe across the universe I think
that's it yeah I think there was like oh
Italy Timor movie looks like there was a
weirdo musical yeah bunks it's really
ambitious and huge I never saw it oh
okay but I've heard about it I know
you're not a musical person and I'm not
no I don't like musicals I am a musical
person and I think I'm gonna write that
it's on my list again now my list is too
long again okay anyone seen Roger
Corman's death race 2050 not yet and I
think it's on Netflix now oh it's
supposed to be like a direct sequel to
the original death race 2000 from the
70s movie nice let's see here
hey guys says renegade Akira I have
friends and family who will only watch
big movies with famous actors and high
scores
I assume like Rotten Tomatoes croucher
that's our business why do people focus
so much on IMDB ratings Oscars and
Rotten Tomatoes not everybody likes bad
movies and not everyone's an adventurer
yeah yeah some people want to they want
yeah they're gonna watch something that
will most likely be good yeah you missed
the hidden gems that way but yeah well
I've had problems like I anybody know
it's a really divisive movie but I love
a neon demon hmm and that's a movie even
people that I think would like that
movie I've recommended it to look at
like the rotten tomato score and it's
not very high and so like and so they
won't watch it because of that and I
think like if I had avoided that movie
because it had a lower on tomato score
then I wouldn't have seen one of my
favorite movies of last year's like just
because a lower on tomatoes score
doesn't mean you're going to necessarily
you know like oh shit there are some
people that just like oh that movies
I've heard that that movies not good so
I won't watch it right right it's
nothing more complex than that really
well you know these people hit you know
either have a have a high value on the
money they spend or their time and so I
get the watches lawns movie a week it
better be at least a decent movie yeah
so they're gonna check the reviews
they're gonna see what people are saying
about it it makes sense if they're not
movie people yeah yeah but you know then
you got you gotta show them one of those
hidden gems one of those hidden gems
that maybe has a low score and you know
if they like it that'll then they dip
their toes wait a minute movies can be
good without other people saying they're
good what what what so you know
obviously start with Swiss Army man
everyone's gonna love that I think it's
pretty well like I just think that is a
movie that like grandma's not gonna
really careful probably not one of my
favorite movies in the last year because
it's it's sorcery man it's about
farting corpse with a boner and that's
my kind of humor and chances are if a
movie is really divisive
and it doesn't have a huge Rotten
Tomatoes score like a high Rotten
Tomatoes car
there's a very good chance that it might
be interesting but that's not always the
case but people don't want to watch
interesting yeah the people write those
yeah they they want a safe bet yeah
because I don't want to feel like they
wasted their time yeah yeah let's see
here what's the difference between a
vanity project driven by ego and a
passion project by a filmmaker who
controls everything to accomplish a
vision is something bigger than one is
good and one is bad I mean there can be
you know ego driven projects that are
good I think it just depends like you
can kind of tell when you watch a movie
like they did this because they love
themselves there's no like you can't
really pinpoint it and so you've
actually are watching it I think oh yeah
well I'm sure there are is kind of tell
examples of good ego driven projects and
bad passion projects where the filmmaker
has complete controls right it's a horse
apiece but yeah you can take it on a
case-by-case you know oh yeah thing but
like you said you'll know it I mean like
you'll know who's in charge of the movie
right away usually it's the lead actor
we want one of the movies at beef s this
year was the gong show movie which I
don't even know existed okay but do you
remember the gong show or do you know
about the gong show
yeah Chuck Barris yeah so this is the
gong show movie co-written and directed
by Chuck Barris starring Chuck Barris
there we go as Chuck Barris the host of
the gong show and the whole movie is
about him outside of the gong show going
to places and people telling him how
much they loved the gong show and wanted
to audition for the gong show and how
much of a burden it is for Chuck Barris
to have everybody love him and love the
gong show
it was one of the worst things I've ever
watched it be fest it was so infuriating
it was so obnoxious no it's it's not
even like funny bad I was like screaming
at the movie shut up Chuck bear yeah oh
man no his book is confessions of a
dangerous mind is fantastic sure his is
completely true autobiography the only
reason he did the gong show was because
he was a secret operative and I needed
to travel to other countries it's great
it was great
okay ready better musical la-la-land
dancer in the dark dancer in the dark
dancer in the dirt I haven't even seen
in la-la-land and it stands in the dark
yeah
well that's an ignorant response I've
seen both when I say dancer in the dark
all right I'm with Jay from what I've
heard la-la-land is it's pretty standard
everybody likes that Oh Lance I didn't
buy the chemistry between the two leads
sure sure and I didn't think any of the
music was particularly memorable oh
except for the one song that they
clearly want to be their oscar-nominated
song because they play it like 15
goddamn times just to remind you that it
exists it's been stuck in my head for
days I don't even think it's that great
but it's just they do it over and over
it you know and and it's it's a movie
with with beautiful people I'm sure in
praise of the Hollywood system so you
know it's gonna at least get nominated
for Best Picture
but if not my thing that was the first
thing I said about it in their
discussion over the head it's gonna
sweep the Oscars because it's a movie
about Hollywood sucking its own dick so
everyone remember that the people who
vote for Oscars are people who are in
the industry yeah so directors vote for
Best Director act because the best actor
so these are people who have been
through the Hollywood Pictures vote for
Best Picture pretty others the other
movie picture Purdue
because the producer gets the award
right in the middle of thing that joke
was time Jack if I waited you can long
with humor here right let's see here a
friend of mine has made a comic it's
about a girl who finds out that her
organs or that her orgasms kill men it's
called off girl would you read it if she
sends it to you I thought you were gonna
call it the prostitute who gave Magic
Johnson AIDS what orgasms of kill Pete
yeah he's still alive probably be great
the only wouldn't be interested in
something like that probably has been
interesting comics about orgasms before
I'm sure is that sex criminals this is
the name of a comic it's the name of a
comic it's about it's when when someone
orgasms it stops time for everyone but
then okay and then they find someone who
the same thing happens and they have sex
and they both orgasm and all of a sudden
they're both in stop time and they get
freaked out then they rob banks yeah how
do they get out of stop time I just
naturally it only lasts a short amount
time or it's no it has something to do
with like like when the mood is broken
so it's like even when time is stopped
they need to like to stay in sexy mood
to keep it's a really interesting comic
that's interesting and weird yeah yeah
that's great sex criminals it's a it's a
fun rate it could make it's one of those
comics that could make a really good
shit called sex crimes yeah
I think sex crimes is like a different
thing that I like isn't it a song back
song or is that it something else crimes
it might be a bag song it might be a bag
sign yes a song with crimes in the title
I'm sure it's also what they call sex
crime oh my god this game is like play
Gears of War or Halo what your sucks
here's this bland compared to this hello
I'm not fucking aiming with a fucking
thumb knob
well they go this is so much more
exciting than gears
I don't hate gears right and was this
out before gears
oh no we talked about this lesson the
saw existed before gears but the
universe the universe yeah some knob
you cannot know apparently that yeah
people are upset about that you cannot
compare gears to Warhammer 40k is what
the chat is saying people so let's all
settle the Frick down this baby's baby's
first quake baby's first fps you let him
play their game Ridge they're a big
they're big strong Space Marine they're
gonna save the world
look I'm playing a big game I've got a
controller I'm a jerk okay but only
sometimes game Cody UK's is actually
excited for the saw eight film they're
making another one yep they're bringing
it back I really love them I also love
the nerd nerd crew film great way to
introduce my friends to RL em and they
loved it any plans to see the founder
with Michael Keaton I'm kind of curious
about that movie mm-hmm I don't know
something I'm gonna rush out to but
there's I forget if it was PBS or who
did it there's like a wonderful two
hour-long documentary about the history
of McDonald's and see I'd rather watch a
documentary then I mean I the founder
I'm interested in mainly because of
Michael Keaton sure I would rather see a
documentary about the subject and it's a
really fascinating documentary like the
guys who started McDonald's yeah
their whole shtick was just how do we
get food in people's faces faster yeah
like we don't care about quality we just
want food to come out fast cuz that's
how we're gonna make money right there's
this wonderful segment of the
documentary where they're talking about
their breakfast man like okay we're
gonna do breakfast now and they had this
idea for like an eggs benedict sandwich
and there they were trying to figure out
how to do the hollandaise sauce their
Egg McMuffin yeah there's sausage and
egg McMuffin so I got the sausage you
get the eggs and you got the English
muffin but what do you do for the
hollandaise sauce you can't do that on
the go and they were working on it for
months and they just couldn't figure out
how to do it to go hollandaise sauce
right to make it like a gelatin how do
we how to do this and then they cut to
this like big job on looking guy and it
goes so that's what I came up with the
idea to stick a slice of cheese
so the negative but I like I don't like
they must have cut it for comedy that's
how I read you sausage egg McMuffin no
that's great oh it's a really wonderful
documentary I don't know how to get it I
think I saw it like you know on TV like
I said on PBS but it's fascinating it's
absolutely fascinating
oh yeah yeah but Michael Keaton is great
in everything he does and the subject a
little career Renaissance lately it's
wonderful thanks the Birdman
thanks man the little movie that could
name of the documentary I don't know and
I'm very sorry
it could have been a frontline you know
they have little documentaries yeah hope
I'm hoping someone in the chat knows
come on chat yeah man anyone jabo sake
saves the Egg McMuffin
well someone in the jam I think about it
okay is uh sorry chances random question
of the day what's the longest time
you've ever played a game alone in one
sitting in your life her guess is about
eight hours from the doors master for
how long was my Dead Rising no death run
stream oh yeah that was at least eight
hours I was longer than that I think
yeah well you might have made the team's
few teams yeah yeah one sitting I don't
know it's been a while since I've had a
marathon it's probably about now we're
playing ducktales Tendo that's probably
bought it it's pretty hardcore man yeah
I beat it pretty hard beat that game
shit yeah he did no I mean hey that way
that was like two hours with us double
do I start the originals DuckTales but
yeah I guess I played it on the stream
that one time oh sure
probably not that I mean try for me I'm
not over four hours but I'm a little man
and I have attention issues or if a
games not holding me I'll go do
something else okay when you have
children well yeah now times I got to
eat and stuff children and
responsibilities yeah how there's shit
to do so it's very rare that I get along
a long session in anymore which I know
is frustrating I like I have people who
have like the friended me on like on
overwatch and like want to play a game a
multiplayer game where it's like I pick
up rocket League you know hey hey I see
see you playing rocco you want to pick
up a game i was like i can only play one
game then i have to put it down yeah i
can pick it up for five minutes play one
game and then i have to leave it for an
hour but maybe I'll be back in an hour
and then we can play a game so I'm sorry
if ever you see me hop on and hop off of
online gaming and you want to pay
that's all they do children have to eat
shockingly often they always want to eat
don't know it's not just breakfast lunch
and dinner it's like snacks in between
and then there's other stuff say no you
can't have a snack you already ate you
should have eaten more then you want to
get fat like rich Evans then they
complain I tried the rich Evans thing is
they don't know they don't know they
know but now luckily now they're old
enough for you know the hey can I get
yourself there you go give a fuck about
you well I make sure to tell them that
every day that you don't care about them
yeah that's good I don't care about you
caring and I think you're ugly I'm just
gonna put that out there I'm hoping that
like makes them care about their poor
their first behind you there you going
look at that thing that's the best way
to build strong characters just
constantly insult people yeah eventually
they'll learn to get better yeah I think
so they have to yeah I kind of love that
thing yeah that's cool-looking yeah what
is that there's a little floating skull
messenger robot that's great
damn check that's cold oh right atomic
mousetrap says as a huge Wonder Woman
fan I definitely agree this might be
their first big flop she's a legacy
character bowling at what are people
saying this would be a flop now I
thought when the trailer came out
everybody was juicing in their pants
what was the new information about the
Wonder Woman yeah I think I think more
so people were just excited that Zack
Snyder wasn't going to direct a film and
it looked like they were putting some
humor into it and it had color and it
had maybe a character moment I don't
know
yeah I'm a character moment that didn't
involve screaming your mother's name
putting that out there but yes or some
early views of the movie are coming back
very negative yes so and because she's
not as popular character as Batman or
Superman
there won't be like a fanboy ISM to go
see the Wonder Woman movie yeah
even Suicide Squad still had that Batman
connection I think they use them in the
trailers like look Batman's in it you'll
see it please well and they the Joker on
the job is just as big a character so
make sure fuck that up yeah I just think
I don't know I don't think most people
give a shit about Wonder Woman yeah but
then again you could say most people
don't give a shit about you know ant-man
or Doctor Strange Iron Man all right man
yeah no one gave a shit about Iron Man
but guess what you make a decent movie
and it gets you know good word about it
sticks around for a while if you make a
bad movie people might go opening
weekend you'll make a decent amount of
money but then it's just gonna drop off
mmm-hmm unless the Suicide Squad that
movie just consistently did well for
weeks and weeks it's so crazy man I know
like the director now who's like
speaking freely about how much he
actually didn't like the movie yeah
there yeah he's like oh ya know like you
know it's not the movie that we really
wanted we did the best with what we
could if I could redo things oh yeah I
do a ton of stuff different like oh wow
he's being very open about how it just
wasn't a great movie for him but he gets
to make another one yeah you could make
a movie that makes money you get to make
more movies exactly so that's very
interesting to me it's very interesting
that like it made so much money and even
the directors not that happy with it
yeah I can't imagine Zack Snyder's happy
with his movies well maybe he's kind of
dumb I don't know he fucking loves his
he fucking loves it he oils himself up
while watching his movies you know he
does oh yeah I made Superman such a
dickhead
I mean did you see that
CrossFit Batman montage oh the rocky
four months out rocky for little rocky
montage in a Batman movie lifting the
monster or no hitting a monster truck
tire with a sledge hammer which yes is a
real workout in CrossFit gym but oh no
that was all Zack Snyder just Oh making
payments such a badass
he's never been cool before he was in my
movie whoo Wow I stunned all those guys
at once it's great it's great did he
direct sucker punch with his dick out I
still might say hello now in retrospect
it might not be that bad it might not be
as worst probably better than Batman V
Superman that would require re watching
it though and I have no interest in
doing that it's the thing that almost
killed his career yeah almost killed his
career but then you know rumor has it
spike his pure speculation is his
managers very good friends with the head
of Warner Brothers Oh pure speculation
computer room er that's interesting
and and Warner Brothers didn't want him
anywhere neither the their biggest
franchise but he's a very good friend
whose ex and his manager somehow this is
all rumors all rumor that's speculation
a legend allegedly just dupe dupe and
tell togher with rich enjoying Space
Marine so much can you see can you guys
see yourself getting into the Warhammer
40k universe and so I'd like to nominate
myself as your official guide to the
lore
I from what I've seen I like the
universe yeah a lot of the games simply
like real-time strategy which I'm not a
fan of right and the tabletop game if I
got into the tabletop game I'd probably
be able to play it three times in my
life
tops I don't know anybody who's in it
owns any of the figures has a place to
play it is Warhammer 40k like a
different series than just Warhammer I
think so okay I think Warhammer is just
like fantasy
I think 40k is like space fantasy well I
think it's the same universe that takes
place like in the far future of the
Warhammer I I am not at all convinced
about that you're not no oh well I think
there's a science fiction explanation
for the orcs in the the 40k version
Jesus and I guess I just assumed this
was the year 40k it is but I don't I
still don't know that it has anything to
do with the other version I'm not sure
no I'm not gonna I'm not gonna speak
with any kind of authority though okay
that's all right have you guys seen the
movie white male white male white male I
don't think I've ever even heard of it
okay great I saw that the chat a bunch
of times there's your white male answer
white male
sounds like it sounds like a metal band
like a hair metal whitening like an Adz
right I've seen white fire set the name
in that movie we watch the best of the
worst
oh you don't think you were there for
that one were you I think the discussion
was was Josh I don't know member if you
were I did I said that was because
that's a Ginty right though UT and its
sister yeah you were there I was I was
there for the viewing now you know I
recently went on a best of the worst
bandage yeah because a fan tweeted at me
oh I saw something about this it was
traveling
it's Jay and it wasn't invested it works
right wasn't it was about a line that
they really like you know and then for
some reason there's a bassoon yeah yeah
I've definitely said that so I started
watching all the best of the worst it
was driving me absolutely nuts it was
and it was in a prereq episode and not
in not in the best of the worst but I
even rewatched some of those where I
wasn't on the panel because maybe I said
it in the room no I don't know Ginty all
the sisterlove I was great that was
great
fucking
a lot of people in the chat explaining
Warhammer Lord right now
oh is it me is it the future I'm
probably not gonna do is the question is
is this the future of the Warhammer
universe or is it an alternate timeline
oh well everyone's talking about incest
now I'm Ken tease it's right for the
best okay oh they are saying it is not
the future not the future great parallel
parallel universe okay great alright
that's fine that's fine
let's see here
Darkwing Schmucks as important question
Naked Gun
oh god I'm off steaming our shit here or
get smart the show Naked Gun Austin
Powers or get smart the show there's
Eskin what is the best of them thank you
I'm gonna say Naked Gun though get smart
it's not far behind I'm gonna say Naked
Gun just cuz I love that series hey
nigga gun the hands down you know why
what Leslie Nielsen's in it of course
there you go as long as we get to
include the police squad series oh she's
very limited police squad series I like
get smart when I was a kid yeah yeah
naked naked gun all the way awesome the
first Austin Powers movie I think is
still pretty good oh yeah it opens up
but second one's got some very funny
stuff in it too I mean the second one
introduced mini meat which now is sort
of like I don't know you got to think
back to when that movie came out how
weird and different that was mm-hmm
Goldmember did a lot of bad though I
didn't hate it as much as a lot of
people did
because I know a lot of people hated the
character of goldmember and I thought it
was hilarious it was so awkward you
liked it for a different reason
yeah no I mean I I genuinely thought it
was funny but I think most people were
turned off by that character yeah I
don't remember the character I love oh
he's always like picking off flakes of
skin and you know ya know and for me it
was just uh Beyonce's oh she was bad
like if you're gonna cast cuz the
characters supposed to be like a Pam
Grier right 70s you know badass chick
and yeah Beyonce does not capture that
at all she was just bubbly perky yeah
yeah I know that's not he does not
capture the spirit of Pam they should
have just cast Pam Grier right who cares
if she's 50 whatever six-string samurai
have you ever seen it yeah man yeah not
a lot of story it gets really boring the
concepts kind of fun is it a samurai
movie it's it's like a it's like Mad Max
with like a like a rock and roll angle
to it that's like the post apocalypse
and there's this Buddy Holly type guy
that's trying to get to it's like this
Emerald City type place okay because he
wants to Elvis has died in the post
apocalypse and he wants to be the new
king of rock and roll oh oh so it's
travelling across the countryside to get
to this city sure looks like the Emerald
City from Wizard of Oz yeah and yeah
he's fighting all these different gangs
like there's a bowling gang or they love
bowling is it it's it's supposed to be
but it's not very funny no a lot of it's
executed kind of awkwardly sure so it's
it's an it's a fun concept and some of
the music is cool but it gets really
repetitive because there's no like story
progression sure it's like we got this
idea he wanders around a lot and fights
different weird people and there's just
not much more to it and there's a really
annoying kid oh he teams up with a
little kid and it's kind of like the
feral kid from the second Mad Max movie
he's really annoying phlearn dip
everybody's seen kung fu hustle
you've seen kind of cool oh yeah I think
I saw in the theater
I'm still I still haven't gotten around
to seeing Shaolin Soccer which I saw
that in the theater - oh yeah I don't
remember it very well that was how long
ago 20 million years ago all right uh
scene have you seen I am NOT a serial
killer yes very good movie it's on
Netflix now Oh Christopher Lloyd's in it
it's about this kid it's the kid from
did you see where the wild things are
yes Spike Jones maybe it's that kid he's
older now he's like I don't know 18 19
mmm
and takes place in like over the city
it's in like Minnesota in the winter
okay
and it's this kid who's like a diagnosed
sociopath he's like this really weird
kid that's fascinated by serial killers
okay and he discovered there's a serial
killer in his town and so he's like
fascinated by it and he's he's convinced
that it's his make old man neighbor
which is Christopher Lloyd and then it
goes in some weird directions that I
don't want to give away but it's a
really really good movie it's shot on
like 16 millimeter so it's got this
really late Iranian interesting that
you'd be able to get away with that now
yeah I mean it's a pretty low budget
movie no neat but it's yeah it's uh it
kind of has the feel especially cuz it
was shown in 16 it looks like a like a
90s indie movie Oh
in that era it's really good I'm Miramax
classic yeah it feels like it's good my
interests on Netflix I highly recommend
it
oh there you go there you go all right
recruit more pimps for uses guys friends
and I are making a movie what kind of
cameras and mics you use also name a
movie that only you think is perfect
something that I wouldn't normally be
recommended if it weren't for you
was doing that question well I mean I
think I understand it I would say neon
demon but I keep recommending that movie
that's on my list too I really say that
yeah but as far as cameras go I don't
know research them there's so many other
factors lenses or factor lights or a
factor there's so much more to it than
just shoot on this camera right right
and you know what kind of budget do you
have for a camera like what what sort of
editing software using Korea cameras
like there's there's a million different
things
yeah I'm sure you can find it if you're
just making a movie I'm sure you can
find a decently priced DSLR that will
make it look really nice but then you
got to get a nice lens if there's a
whole bunch of shit that lenses are very
important very important and very
expensive very one if you want good ones
if you want a good one and the kind of
content that we make with our camera
needs making regular Internet videos are
gonna be very different than your camera
needs making a movie yeah the same you
know what and same with microphones like
you're probably not gonna use lav mics
making a movie you're even there boom
mics and we use laughs like so you might
be barking up the wrong recommendation
tree just use an iPhone you could God
have you seen the stuff shot on the
iPhone 7 it looks gorgeous I killed for
that camera when I started making shit
and you could edit it in camera the oh
right those Blackmagic cameras you can
you know shoot 4k and they're super
cheap the black camera Blackmagic Cinema
cameras that are just the like the small
DSLR body yeah you self to get lenses
for those you sales to get lenses for
them and they shoot in raw or if you
want to take advantage of them you shoot
in RAW which means you're using stuff
like a terabyte per hour of footage it's
insane for if our 4k raw right but then
you get to like really mess with the
color temperature it's gorgeous but but
like not only do you need a harddrive
able to put that on for editing you need
a harddrive
in the fucking camera just to shoot the
footage those cameras are good cards I
just kicked a lot of ass sorry I was you
know what I was just researching them
they came out with like a new full body
production cinema cameras Blackmagic
yeah and so it's more like they're
coming out with new models of that thing
every month Ryan just constantly they
could do was well just this new
technology yeah it updates so quickly
but like it's like a shoulder-mounted
and like a ton of little refinements
that you can do on camera like with the
Blackmagic Cinema Camera it's all
touchscreen yeah which I was always kind
of turned off by because of that well
and they say it all works but it's a
very awkward interface yeah it just
takes a while to get used to it but this
is more of a standard shoulder mount so
like all the dials are there that's
that's more interesting to me and a ton
of like places to stick hard drives and
outputs and all that sort of stuff it
looks so amazing but of course then you
need to spend thousands on lenses yes
don't skimp on the lenses something
that's something I saw is you can buy
like older market DSLRs cheaper with
DSLRs you know the thing you want to pay
attention to is the size of the sensor
yeah how big the sensor is is how much
information the camera lets in but find
an older market one and then spend your
money on a really nice lenses especially
lenses with a a lower f-stop because
that means you can get a high depth of
field to make it feel more like a movie
right that's what you want that blurry
background and they work really well in
low light
if you aren't aware I really enjoy
gadgets and technology I enjoy the
technology side of this very much and I
was just looking at those Blackmagic
cameras 3000 3000 is pretty pricey but
also it's not not yeah if you're talking
about a feature film be able to make a
good looking feature film and that's not
much that is not much at all if it's
something that you know you were
shooting weddings with you know then
you're not gonna get the fast turnaround
of like a camera with an SD card reader
with high storage but so yeah like I
said our needs are very different than
your needs there there is an issue beat
master there's an issue with older
lenses and new cameras but the only
issue is mounting which you can find any
adapter anyway endless adapters go on
eBay you'll find in it after that works
for under 5 bucks
but if you use an adapter you won't get
any automatic features so you know you
won't be able to use automatic focus but
you're probably not you but I don't want
to do that you shouldn't use that with a
movie anyway right again that's
different than shooting like a wedding
or something where you need all those
auto features certain situations well
for quick you know what like wedding
photography you were you're hoping for
quick production that it looks good
enough yeah that you can turn it around
fast but if you're shooting a movie yeah
every shot should be meticulous but
there's so there's so much good stuff
out there and it gets better every day
and we're not the guy nice to talk to
you about that let's see here hey just
want to say thank you and the wizard J
for the true stories review love that
movie you're welcome I'm glad I was I
seen comments that were like hey I never
heard of this movie I'm gonna check it
out now well that's great which is nice
that is great course when you look at
the views on that video compared to
other ones it's pretty low
obscure Talking Heads movie right I'm
sure we'll get the same amount of uses a
ghostbusters no no but that's to be
expected
oh yeah that's and that's good ever as
long as some people are new people are
exposed to it exact said for a pepper in
those every once in a while exactly you
know what that that gives you street
cred there you go you get you gotta you
got to build up your that street cred
let's see here I didn't see many movies
this year says comically small skeleton
but hell or high water with Chris Pine
and Jeff Bridges was the best thing I
saw in theaters we already talked about
that that was on my list you know do it
during during Christmas time I already
said my cousin who's a director brings
all of his screeners and so we get to
pick through his screeners and watch
movies that you know don't normally come
to the area or hard to come by
yeah and I chose I chose arrival first
because that was the one I really wanted
to see and I saw moonlight lease on the
screeners on a DVD
not even a blu-ray I guess blu-rays are
more expensive to replicate yeah
well it's like not only on DVD but they
also like come with a sales pitch so
tighter the cover arts there and it's
like here's what we want to be
considered for and here's why you should
vote for us yeah it's a whole spiel it's
great and then you know most most of
them have the little property of oh yeah
you coming up hundred twenty minutes
that way that gets leaked out there yeah
it's easier to track down surprisingly
moonlight didn't have it no that didn't
have a watermark popping up every twenty
minutes son which was interesting and
then we also saw the Jungle Book
I don't care about that no and it didn't
work
Mowgli was terrible but kid actor and
then they like once they started trying
to fit the songs in like it was a
realistic universe yeah even those
talking animals check but then like they
started to put the songs in and it just
fell right apart
I even realized that they were trying to
do the songs in it well like the first
real song is the bare necessities it
kind of works because they're being very
playful but then Christopher Walken is
awkwardly singing that that uh I want to
be just like you thank you
and it's Christopher Walken as a giant
ape and it's it felt weird
I can send I'm really weird and then we
saw a little bit of Lion the movie about
the Indian kid from err the kid from
India
oh it's lost yeah and we started
watching that with the kids actually cuz
we thought they might like it you know
little boy going on an adventure
and then the little boy runs into runs
into a man and the man starts sizing him
up and says he should come with the man
and and but you must do whatever I say
and we say hey and a little boy gets
home yeah
and they go really little boy hey got Oh
me me awkward yeah young it was I think
it was about to go there so we had to
stay shut that one right down but hell
or high water was in there and oh I've
heard this name before everybody seems
to like it that's good all right have
you ever guys ever considered making a
podcast you guys are doing that nerd
crew the nerd crew is our new pop a nerd
group podcast one episode out now but
I'm sure they'll be episode 2 coming
soon something to everyone make sure to
order your don't tease them Jay I've
been legitimately asked about that they
want more bird crew yeah episode 2 is
coming out it's gonna be about Row 1 oh
good good I feel I feel like you didn't
get as deep as I wanted you to and
there's so much to say about rogue one
it's just well I personally love row did
everyone make sure to subscribe to geek
rates
because you know that had that helps the
show want more episodes you have to
subscribe you have to get the backslash
red letter media yeah yeah alright hey
guys from armor bro just wanted to ask
Jay if he's seen Alexie's German hard to
be a god whoa what
alexey germans hard to be a god okay
great so have you seen it yes okay of
that year oh great did you see the
original Trainspotting yeah okay what do
you think what do you think about this
sequel I'm curious yeah but I don't know
oh this creature looks like one of the
gorgonites from small soldiers that's
great forget him how big is he gonna get
better the other words a huge theme
areas I see him I see him now he's up
there being menacing like I remember you
know Trainspotting was the movie that
you want it was the the big indie movie
so yeah anyone with with cred back in a
day saw Trainspotting that's a really
good movie like I I don't remember it
that much oh really you know I mean I
remember specific images and scenes but
I'm sure the overall thing was it kind
of didn't stick in now it's a good movie
a great soundtrack but as far as a new
one got like obviously belated sequels
tend to not turn out too well right I
mean this is different and then it's
like a drama it's not you know trying to
rejuvenate some like sci-fi franchise or
the Trainspotting franchise that's
something you'll never hear the
Trainspotting extended universe extended
universe so I mean I'm curious about it
I don't really have any high
expectations for it but we'll see yeah
and I don't think I've really seen much
by Danny Boyle that I've liked
other than Trainspotting
I never saw Slumdog Millionaire I know
that was the one that was a big critical
Darlene and what words I never saw it
but everything else I've seen with Danny
Boyle and really cared much more mmm
name another movie that he's done I
think he followed up Trainspotting with
a life less ordinary your that movie
with Cameron Diaz and you and McGregor
was in that too no that wasn't very good
he did 127 hours with James Franco
couple years sure sure that was that was
it that was a big critical a shit which
I well I thought it was so like way too
over stylized for what the story was
yeah it's not a problem with that okay
all right well so he's still he's still
he's been working this whole thing yeah
that's the thing all right that's fair I
just didn't know if he's like finally
ran out of that Trainspotting money
gotta make another drains buddy I mean
and it's also it's not like
Trainspotting there's a new one because
there was such a high demand and lots of
box-office money to be made on a new
train seems like it's me because
somebody had a desire to make it sure
sure
well it could be interesting like if
he's you know revisiting these
characters at this point in their life
it could be it could be very interesting
yeah I mean and that's interest like
like the before sunrise before sunset
movies you know how they're so small and
character driven you just kind of every
few years we get a new one
you know looking in on these people's
lives sure sure those worked out pretty
well
alright we'll see all right that is the
thoughts on transplanting and no rich
and Jack have no thoughts on the
Resident Evil 7 now game or the new
Resident Evil movie
the franchise never did it for me there
you go those think it's great that I'm
just so happy that Milla Jovovich has a
job I just love her and I only love her
because of the Fifth Element and I'm
just so glad she's still working have
you ever seen there's a movie called
dummy with Adrian Brody know where he's
he's like trying he's like I want to be
ventriloquist's okay and he lives at
home with his parents
and Milla Jovovich plays like his best
friend and she's really eccentric and
loud and she's really good but oh good
yeah that's the only other movie I can
think of where really liked her
performance she's fine in those Resident
Evil movies but there whatever she was
pretty good at a Joan of Arc movie I
never saw that Oh super pizza yeah
she's good she's guys she's fine I guess
yeah like she found her little thing she
gets to do these dumb zombie action
movies every few years and then you know
make up commercials it's a living hangs
out with the kids I'm sure your husband
makes those movies right yeah yeah great
good for her she apparently doesn't age
so right now good luck good job with
that but no and just because it's based
off of a video game which and I don't
care about the movie
yeah I'm care about the video game just
care about the video games anyway I like
the one like they had their one game in
the whole series that I thought was
decent well my love of the survival
horror genre is renown yes rich survival
horror Evans as you're known in most
gaming circles like they had well the
the one good game they had was the
over-the-top campy one Resident Evil 4 I
really loved we fight you know giant
zombies in a Mexican village you fish
for a giant zombie fish it's wonderful
but I haven't cared about the rest of
the series all right rich where do you
think XCOM three no idea we'll see where
they bring it then I'll tell you what I
think of it okay is there no info on it
yes no well I know you have an opinion
about this thing that there's no
information about they just got done
making the second one this year
there's not even there's not even an
announcement that they're working on a
third Oh
what's your opinion on this thing that
does not exist and may not ever exist
yeah
the second one they want what kind of
resistance theme that was neat no no I
know if they can just do that again or
sure maybe they don't need to make three
I don't know I don't I don't I don't
know maybe they could just keep making
expansions from - that's true good and
it's open to mods it's open to the mod
community you can make your own
expansion also review Starship Troopers
right right there's so much stuff to
talk about and do and make so many
things to see and do see you do listen -
yeah there's also stuff to smell that's
less interesting to talk about but you
know is there that'll be our next new
show we just talked about smells you
heard of here first folks happening all
right speaking it what what all right
lonar Johnson speaking of sex this must
been when we're talking about the weirdo
sex comics there is a comic with a
little girl and a talking vagina
suggesting really weird actions it's
from Japan I'm shocked
Thank You loner Arjun for letting us
know that exists the the the show about
us talking about smells is going to
replace quick cuts it's gonna replace
and it's gonna be called the short snips
short snips there you go in which we
smell something and then talk about our
feelings on that smell they'll be very
short and they'll be very short well how
long can you talk about us no yeah you
just take a whiff there you go good yeah
this Pleasant you know some of them will
be perfumes and colognes I have a whole
sub series on cleaning products but then
it's just everyday smells yeah you know
the long yeah boom great multi-shadow
amuse as I'm looking at colleges for
film and the main one I'm looking at one
of the professor's wrote Death Wish - oh
my
what school a film school where a
professor wrote Death Wish - that's the
one with the most rapes in it maybe you
don't want to go - that's cool
just looking we're gonna see if that
professor has been suspended any any
pending court cases even if he's been
acquitted you know if there's enough of
him if you can find a school that has a
teacher that that wrote death wish three
you'll be in good shape
yeah well I guess service kind of raping
that one isn't there doesn't worry Nasir
just get that's two no that's three
that's the one we watched for oh wait I
thought there no mind around I've got
them I got them confused yeah I do not
see that I'm sorry that's what stre is
amazing I'm sure I've seen it at one
point in my life but probably if you did
you'd remember it ha ha ha which means
you haven't doubtful I don't remember
shit
all right the blue blaze says any are
any of you interested in seeing John
wick chapter 2 vaguely I'm not super
excited but I thought the first one was
really good I was surprised by how good
the first one was I know Keanu was
really upset at John wick too because
he's just like you know like piano is
now kind of stuck in this like the
biggest indie actor phase right now
where he'll just be in your indie movie
he's in the neon demon
oh yeah he's great but he's one of those
actors that he's gone very far without
much acting ability when the right role
you know he's good yeah and the right
very specific role he words I used to be
in the blockbusters now just doing these
weird Oh Louisa yeah good for him get
the room still working he's always kind
of done that though yeah like you
looking like you know you wouldn't think
of putting him and you know Francis Ford
Coppola is Dracula and you probably
shouldn't have put him in France the
fact that he's willing to do yeah
because he could have just been like
generic mainstream action man or
whatever right and he's always kind of
tried to do different stuff so good
broom
made that documentary about digital
versus film a few years ago so how about
that Packers game
I know people keep asking you if anyone
has checked in as mine that game sucked
that defense plan your point of view now
doesn't matter if you're in Atlanta you
love this well obviously there's gonna
be many many drinking tonight
for many of escanso night also if the
Packers would have won there would have
been many a drinking that's true yeah
also if it's tomorrow night there's
gonna be many drinking kind of what we
do here alright game child UK any film
series that you love and want a sequel
but would also be okay if they didn't
make one like I thought fury road was
perfect and would love another film from
George Miller but would be okay if we
didn't get one III agree with that yeah
I would be very okay if they don't make
another Mad Max I'm a high note
you know but like what if the dignity
let's think of what if they didn't make
another one after the third movie let me
be left with a crappy final movie
mmm-hmm or somewhat crappy but though
they came back with fury road and it was
amazing so it's like you know what you
did it let's call it quits here I
actually like that movie it's not my
favorite I like parts of it I like all
the thunderdome stuff yeah the end chase
is okay but all those kids all those
stupid kids are they getting that much
in the movie they're in enough where
it's annoying I just really liked
Thunderdome it would have been fine with
the whole movie taking place in
Bartertown
hmm but it's beyond I know I know
they're gonna be beyond under doom
fandoms nuke 7j j yes sorry i'm took me
a half in the bag fourteen the one with
the siphon con yes nope lost in
technical side yeah I'm sorry you should
have read that one first and then just
skipped right over it I guess you know
I'm making a bigger point of saying your
name and then saying I'm skipping in so
I'm sorry J has a Talking Heads fan are
you a big fan of the of stop making
sense oh yeah what's that making sense
that's the concert film oh okay sure
here by Jonathan and Emmy directed yeah
oh yeah that's great
oh great they played it at the Marquee
Film Festival a couple years ago and I
wanted to see it because I would have
liked to have seen it the theater didn't
get a chance to go that happens every
year with market something yeah there's
always stuff I gotta get to that one
yeah never do never do also have you
seen this must be the place
a starring Sean Penn great cameo by
David Byrne yeah surprisingly good movie
well oh I kind of don't like Sean Penn I
don't know how you feel about him
there's something about him that I find
off-putting well I mean he's like a
dickhead well I think that might be part
of it it's just yeah I know he's kind of
a dick in real life movies but I really
liked him in that this must be the place
it's like an aging rock star those big
in the 80s is a really bizarre kind of
very like feminine voice he still has
the big like Robert Smith type hair it's
good okay that sounds interesting I know
and I'd like I know he's like one of
those guys I know he's a good actor I
don't care about any movies and yeah or
makes there's like other than Fast Times
at Ridgemont High of course of course
his famous role as Spicoli you know what
was the big one
about where he was like a mentally
challenged father like I am Sam I'm
saying I never cared I think it's Dakota
Fanning is the daughter or like milk
historical biopic
oh yeah the Harvey gay rights act
there's something something about him
right there's just something about him
where I'm like yeah well he's the lead
I'm not as interested in his movie seems
so calculated yeah I'm like no this is
my this is it all art it's all Oscar
bait like that's how it is and I hate it
I hate it I'm sure they're fine movies
he's a fine actor I just I think it's
why I like this must be the place
well I mean it's a good movie but like
why I was more open to watching it than
other movies that he's in because it was
just like this little kind of unassuming
movie that came out of nowhere
oh it wasn't one of his yeah like Oscar
Bates I think all right you know what
that's fair that's actor that's actually
a very good recommendation all right
let's see here reversible psychology
says hey in a recent ask me anything
gabe newell founder of steam and the guy
who makes like all the portal games
half-life class big a big a bigwig in
the gaming industry confirmed that JJ
abrams movies that JJ abrams is making a
movie in the half-life portal universe
then he thought something it's
interesting that it's the half-life
portal universe now i know it was but
that's how you describe it rather than
portals in the f5 universe o co billing
well yeah portals huge those huge um
what do i think about that like it could
be great I really like that setting you
think some very important thing oh yeah
yeah right know that um like he could
make a good movie or he could make a bad
movie like I don't know anything about
portal or half-life but if it's a JJ
Abrams movie I'm sure it'll be very
nice-looking right it'll be very
exciting and there won't be a whole lot
going on
under the surface you know it's it's a
really it's a really great world yeah
especially portal but you know it's it's
wise I post-apocalypse
quasi like dystopian dictatorship very
interesting huh so well they would
probably start with just half life
probably half life movies what that
sounds like to me sorry I'm gonna get
dying but a die well oh yeah portal is
its own thing that just happens to be in
that universe cuz its quasi a popular
apocalyptic starting with portal would
be weird right well and and they're not
making a half-life or portal movie
they're making a movie set in that
universe what it's time to die you just
take his axe
I know I put my axe in his head they got
the stuck there and then I slowly calmly
ripped it out you know what that's
better I thought you were gonna take his
axe and then beat him with no no bud no
I have there that you know why they we
haven't talked about a script yet we
don't know if JJ is producing or
directing we there's there is no
knowledge except for it is in the works
um what's the thing that might be made
someday
exactly hey well how do you feel about
this thing that might be made someday
but doesn't exist in any fashion yeah
yeah so I'm sorry I cannot be any more
specific evil Lord David hey guys
David swinging by I've never been able
to see Jay live before just wanted to
let him know I liked him
well he's not on camera so you still
haven't seen it live I'm actually not in
the room right now
it's Agra everything I'm saying has been
pre-recorded it's very it's very bizarre
and we have to get the timing just right
there's a hole because if we do she's
just out of frame see if we don't that
happens
multi-shadow mu the college I am looking
at for film has a screenwriting teacher
who won't wrote Deathwish too over the
top and Goldy and the Bears okay here's
what I could tell you the guy who wrote
over the top
get in there the Sylvester Stallone
armwrestling semi truck driving father
bonding with his son movie also a cannon
movie really yeah
greatest of all time I've never seen it
Orissa for some reason I don't know why
I'm sure it's fun it is to lock oh sure
it's beautiful get to know that man
absolutely but I mean obviously I'm sure
that this school has other things to
offer but the man the man didn't write
terribly complex movies but he's also
written movies that have gotten made so
might have something to say sure and
remember you know it's not necessarily
about the classes it's about the people
you meet make you know get it getting in
a group letting a group and make shit in
college you get with people and make
shit those are the people who will get
you jobs later unless Steven Spielberg
starts teaching film classes you're
stuck with the guy who made over the top
stuck with over the top was awesome you
get the privilege of learning from
someone who has had a movie made boom
yeah even if it's over the top
fuckin I love all that stuff hey that's
thing that's the most over the top what
was shotgun in any game ever holy cow
you vaporized and now that's great
that's great jack rich oh and Susan - I
guess I'm sick as shit right now and
have been all day right now very sorry
me feel better and thanks for the hours
of entertainment you love them there we
go
you welcome kid don't die try and try
not to die don't have to have anything
too much more bad happen to you
