Episode 716
Pre-emptive "Jesus Christ Shut Up!!! RE7" (Part 2)
February 12, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WN3RXh2IH-g
___________________________________________

I uh mochi b85 says rich and Jack ooh
have you guys or anybody else done a
highlights video of your Jesus Christ
shut up streams I might give it a crack
can I get audio of rich yelling the
title for the edit pretty please how
should how should one do that for this
game you're saying Jesus Christ shut up
already then again there's gonna be
Resident Evil Audio over it
oh yeah that's quite Jesus Christ shut
up already
Resident Evil 7 vampire the masquerade
don't know watching Dawn of War two the
seventh guest
nope move away from the mic to shout
please those bloodlines you hacks what
oh the master fit I'm sorry vampire the
masquerade bloodlines you hack now
obviously vampire the masquerade
bloodlines
what archon says I did not say you are
doing it wrong but with the games you
got one over did you do it over a stream
because so far you guys are conversing
and not really focusing on the game at
all because this is a gaming stream and
this is a horrible place to legitimately
experience a game for the first time if
we're gonna review a game we're gonna
have to play it on our own because this
requires talking because that's their
thing is talking it's not we don't just
do game played get that anywhere else I
think that's what you come here for it
would be idiotic to think you can
properly experience a game on stream
that's not really what we're trying to
do this is well this is the new game
that came out people want to see it
level just play this while we talk but
our thing is while we talk oh sure no
and you know what i√≠ve been yes I have
been won over by games we have played on
stream before now you're gonna ask me
for a specific example man you know
that's harder to come by I think we play
to enter the gungeon did you go in
expecting not to be won over that look
promising for the star I would say oh
sure so a game we played on stream and
1y over 1 min think I was gonna like it
won me over
cuz this is a terrible environment to
experience a game yeah duh
that's like no shit
my wife either
did I say wifey I put in a VHS Oh VHS
but then I'm playing as the wife in the
VHS okay and you got a game over yeah in
the VHS in the VHS and my plan is the
stream Valkyria Chronicles next room
which because I've specifically said I
think a stream is a terrible place to
experience a game for the first time I
went out of my way to start playing that
like last night because I thought we're
gonna stream it tonight I was playing it
last night a bit like I'll you know what
I'll play it a bit first just so I get
the feeling before swimming I'm sure
there's been an example of a game that I
didn't think I would like we streamed it
and then I ended up like you guys were
won over by undertale despite it being
technically a JRPG right Jack wasn't I
was I was okay look I've said I've said
time and time again about the JRPGs I
don't like this your classical JRPG
combat your old-school uh-huh
an undertale really wasn't that and I
know the modern JRPGs are like that like
I said I started playing Valkyria
Chronicles I'm liking it so far
we played dragon dog Dragon's Dogma
that's JRPG I liked Dragon's Dogma quite
a bit yeah Final Fantasy I like look at
the characters and the settings and I
have no interest it looks just stupid
and so I've never even really thought
about trying them out you gotta really
sell me on why I would want to play a
Final Fantasy game other than they're
popular and everyone likes them
but if you want to talk about something
like earthbound where it's got that
old-school JRPG comeback I'm not into
that at all
yeah undertale is alright it's it didn't
float my boat like visually final
fantasy looks like the kind of animal
should I don't like
this Dragon's Dogma a JRPG those made in
Japan technically a JRPG it's it's more
filled Western okay
made in Japan but it's a Western RPG
that's a ferret you know what that's
fair that's fair but like I said
Valkyria Chronicles am i good so far I'm
not in love but I could deal with it
madam says what is the crunchiest
situation you have witnessed or been a
part of well that would be the time a
fan accidentally kind of punched me in
the face
no no tom says the actually Jack you
have answer to that first cringy is ring
Jim Joe yeah okay no no I feel bad
because you might actually be watching
the guy who punched me in the face sure
he was you know just excited nice person
nice person don't hold it against them
was very apologetic
oh yeah no no tom says rich and Jack how
many years until the last Resident Evil
turd flops into theatres do you think
cap Campbell announced a new Resident
Evil movie line I'm thinking three
months with 2019 release I know I have
no idea how popular are the Resident
Evil films
they make decent money yeah I mean
they're not super popular but they're
also not super costly so I I think as
far as the studios are concerned they're
kind of a wash like oh yeah you can make
those movies they make us money whatever
you know
so they're probably they probably won't
be going out of their way to to make
more
synagogue says sorry if it's been
discussed before but any opinion an open
world survival / building games such as
Ark rust seven days to live
etc I haven't played money I I played a
little bit of I'm forgetting what they
called it there was uh a zombie one
where you can build stuff it was very
survival based I'm trying to remember
the name of it it was early access
though so I wasn't nearer where I felt
like I can give it like a honest
critique we tried to stream it once and
it wasn't working one of the devs ended
up being in the chat felt bad about it
crews an architect no no zombie game
zombie game specifically Project Zomboid
pros example yeah which looked like it
had a lot of promise
sonic mousetrap says do you think
watching so many movies has caused you
to pick up on problems in them a normal
viewer woman I don't know that it comes
from watching so many movies just comes
from having a critical eye I don't know
yeah I think we had the eye first yeah
and and that let that led to watching so
many movies but I you know what we
probably developed a critical eye from
watching so many movies in the first
place how hard to say
siculus it's hard to look from the
inside out you know right future future
Jay says to Rich's point on FPS boss
fights and Jack on not being able to
kill characters unless the game lets you
the first let you the first deus ex had
bosses that you can fight kill with code
words or run slash sneak past so
somebody's trying to sell us on Deus Ex
I didn't hate their sex I'm fine with
that
that's neat they patch that in though I
thought the Deus Ex reboot I thought at
first you had to kill the bosses and
then they patched in alternate routes
later so it looks like a spider from
some angles yeah and there's a little
spider oh I see so I'm trying to mash it
up I think get me closer
okay I'd love to go back and close that
door now what are the mechanisms for how
my watch I mean
oh yeah like how does the door since
light that's a nitpick but I'm assuming
there's some kind of genetically
engineering explanation for the monsters
but that doesn't explain the door
mechanics plane the door mechanics
okay the monsters are a virus or Super
Soldier Serum or whatever interesting
idea at that game again mechanic felt
like it's in the game simply for VR so
you could like yeah do it yeah yeah you
know it's it's fun it's a puzzle I'll
take a puzzle okay so now I know that
she's coming so we'll do this XX
Devastator says I asked you last room to
play more horrible games and you listen
nice to know I'm hitting my money's
worth
what other horrible games would you
consider streaming just to rag on you
know it's like this I don't even find
this that bad I just find it incredibly
boring like soma yeah without the
interesting story well it's like every
once in a while like there you know oh I
had a little puzzle to solve and that
was fine but you know like I just I want
to play I want to play I want to play
stuff when I play a game
thank you part of something
she's gonna be in the darkness yeah I
see eyes I think nope no that's just
some kind of graphical artifact
as joe flacco will lead says this
semester I'm taking a class called
history and video games I can't describe
it in detail here but I could be curious
to hear what you guys think of the class
can I send you all the syllabus yeah
sure go ahead
it might not comment on it though I got
you know what are you gonna they get
pong in the seventies and what I'm from
there she was holding the camera that
whole time this is just depressing what
sure it's fine like that - that to me
yeah like some of the logic of that I
get what they're trying to do we're like
okay you know we want you to play as
this character now but we know we don't
want to take you out of you and so like
this was I could see this I could see
this pitch happening okay no no they
have to find these tapes and then you
know we go to the tapes but then you
control the character in the tapes it's
just kind of silly when when you cut
back and forth them she's kind of silly
it's fine now everything's fine it's
just boring to me I want to do shit you
know I want to doom if I have a gun I
want my gun to work on people you know
ference ad says revisiting the alien
covenant trailer with Neill Blomkamp's
alien five have been more interesting
before it was officially cancelled uh-oh
I don't know enough about us pitch I
know he wanted to bring back Hicks and
squirty Weaver and kind of pretend alien
3 didn't happen you know what I think
I'm fine just with aliens
but I don't know enough about what he
wanted to do say if I thought it was
really interesting all I know is he
wanted to read con 3 out of existence
that's all I really know and I think
we've discussed neo Blomkamp before
where it's like he is not a hundred
percent as a filmmaker future future J
says oh sorry finish your thought I'm
you know where district 9 was really
awesome really amazing and then Elysium
was kind of man a little pretentious and
preachy and then chappie was very good I
know I need to I haven't seen any of his
films yet district 9 is really great
keep hearing that I haven't gotten
around to it you know and oh speaking of
before I forget a rival yeah because of
all of its Oscar nominations is coming
back to theaters so probably take some
time and see arrival because it's the
best movie from going to the theater we
gotta get care interested that's what
you it she'll like it Amy Adams
she likes science and shit was the Amy
Adams had to do with carrot like again
it's a woman woman likes to say woman
sexist yep but also does I don't think
Aaron knows who Amy Adams is a woman but
also it's it's really good and Karen's a
science a year person the science a
science one of them science type people
all right feature Peter J says we're
thinking of different first deus exes I
mean the first from 2001 it even let you
go so far as to kill bosses before
spoiler alert they're revealed as bosses
oh that's neat I got nothing against
that low dark on sense so it's safe to
assume rich wasn't trying and Dawn of
War two because that was the worst
representation of that game I ever and I
put a lot of time in that game I did
okay playing that game on stream for one
and I played it a little bit after the
stream at a better environment and I
still don't like it I don't like
real-time strategy games I don't like
the real-time clusterfuck and that's
just me
but it's not something I like it's it's
hectic and frustrating in a way I just
can't stand it even though it's a lot
simpler than other realtime strategy
games we're also going to the other end
of the map constantly and doing base
management type shit I still don't like
it it's not the worst thing I've ever
played mm-hmm not for me that's fair and
a lot of what pissed me off about Donna
war too is that I don't know it was you
specifically one of the people who was
trying to sell me on the game kept
saying I'd like it because of Helldivers
and it's like Helldivers oh it's not a
real-time strategy game it's like
Helldivers and that was a blatant
fucking lie because they assumed when I
tried it I would find my love my hidden
love of arts yes this would be revealed
and it was that was I'm angry I'm angry
of being basically why dad about that
I'm not saying that was you
thank you I didn't even Pam dawn of work
to during that stream it's a bit old for
a real-time strategy game I said that
bad
I didn't even shit on it yeah you just
were necessary I just wasn't that into
it
no fuck's sake my response was this
isn't for me
that's a worse representation of the
game how dare you say it's not for you
yeah no this is what I thought this is
the gig is that kind of thing I don't
like about real-time strategy games you
know doesn't play out like a normal but
I don't like this get them going over
here and going over there and I'm
worrying about I'm actually there's five
things I'm worrying about at once and I
don't like it that's a fair that's a
fair criticism
Donna for two is great turns head says
suggest me or as John Carpenter looking
more like the old age version of David
lo pan so clip some carpenter at thirty
five in the man blood fifty yeah he's
he's I remember he did a series on
Showtime while back body bags I was the
first time I saw John Carpenter I was
like oh my god I had no idea he was so
old and that show was something like 25
years ago right okay I got some dog
heads that shotgun situation we need to
figure out
you know none of us is rich you weren't
lied to you were given an alternative
fact ah I get it
no God I get it because that's what
Liars call things I get it wait
they're rich the shadow matches
perfectly it's just my gun okay you'll
see that joke later learner our Khan
says it wasn't me because based on your
gameplay of home world you probably
don't like RTS in general also rich you
weren't panning it but you were mocking
it even though you were in the tutorial
we're comedians we try to make funny our
occupation is comedian we have to we
have to make jokes try to make with the
jokey joke we make jokes about things we
like juice that's my job how dare you I
really want to shoot you
we make how many videos I'm starting to
think motor are kind thought that the
nerd crew was for real
hahaha you know someone came across that
and really did think it was real right
you know at least one person did
at least one person thought it was real
oh rich Evans thinks he's funny I
thought we were laughing at you
I got a heckler here everybody's funny
everybody just being funny it's great
dupa dupa dupa do oh I do have a knife
forgot that that cop gave you a knife
I've been using bullets like a sucker
all right um sorry Chen says no sorry
you guys are having a miserable time
though I think it's fine I already
figured it's going to annoy you
here's a present Internet crapping out
so I think I'll just leave before I
choke a bitch good night I'm like I
don't even now that I'm actually doing
shit in the game
ooh antique coin it's it's all fine I'm
just bored right it's it's this is you
know what this is very akin to at this
exact moment those um those
point-and-click adventure games where
it's like okay you know here's this you
know here's the thing and it has a
star-shaped piece missing from it so
then you go to the here's a star page
shape thing I'll go back to this area
now and you know so it's it's just
simple yeah I'm I'm not giving an honest
critique of the game was I'm not playing
like I said I'm just here to be snarky
because your job do comedy we do comedy
here very heard that it's not seem that
way it means I'm I'm apparently I'm
terrible up a fucking job this is awful
we've been meaning to have a talk with
you rich I step up to step it up
what am I missing here
need a keys keys would be helpful can
you get here okay after you dupa dupa do
what are you do do the off switch says
you are a great comedian rich that part
were you expected rabid 40k fanboys to
recognize a moderate assessment was the
best so many levels of irony come master
fix fuck hey that's some lead speak
there and I don't know how you pronounce
that as human being
k you okay mas T the letter and then the
number three are capital F either an
iron l3x Wow
I thought the nerd crew was real and I
watch the outtakes oh my god outtakes oh
maybe for patreon for patreon patrons I
don't want to chase loan or are canta
way I'm just saying I stream is a bad
place to experience game but I
acknowledge that this is a terrible
environment to experience the game yes
time I know I know it's good that you
know I didn't any any kind of harping on
Dawn of War 2 was some some part comedy
stream and some part you know I'm not an
RTS guy right I'm not an RTS guy and for
the record I actually did play it off
stream that night of the night after I'm
probably not gonna play it much more
because my thing that's not my thing
Ritchie you don't have to be ashamed of
that
apparently I do mrs. something here so
doop doop doop doop do doop de doop doop
de doop doop doop doop do doop drop top
it up clap wicked scotty 69 you're gonna
have to try harder than that to troll me
you've been trying to bait me with dead
rising since I finished my rant and I'm
not I'm not taking the bait you're
you're way too dumb and blatant about it
take that take that bathtub everyone
says bathtub you missed at least one
thing in the bathroom bathtub bathtub
okay
bathtub bathtub bathtub okay I'll go
back to the bathtub
back to the bathtub oh shit madam says
hey Jack and Rich was the nerd crews
supposed to be more of a parody or
criticism on certain movie youtubers I
enjoy what you guys are doing III saw
that as being more of just a general
parody of nerd culture as a thing of
podcast in general I don't know that it
was very specific yeah it was not you
know I've seen a lot of people be like
oh this is clearly going after this
youtuber or this is clearly going after
this other youtubers I think somebody
made a mash up of our road 1 review with
the Collider review yeah I saw that I
saw that and that might have been like
an inspiration but I wouldn't say we
were taking a shot at Collider ride home
and I don't even know if that was the
inspiration
Mike Mike came up with the idea to do
that I don't know what he was inspired
by his look like a generic podcast to me
I presumed it was the mashup
you know a lot of a lot of people
advertise the loot crane fucking
everybody advertises the lootcrate
fucking everybody it's either loot crate
or audible solely it wasn't dead
mr. smiter one says do you think some of
the usability issues in Dead Rising
contribute to its charm as a game if so
do you think difficulty and usability
can make a game better
I love Dead Rising but it's not perfect
I don't know what the fuck you're
talking about with usability issues
you're gonna have to like define that
the only real issue I've had with Dead
Rising it's yeah sometimes a survivor
gets stuck on something it does happen
yeah I'm not a big fan of it other than
that I don't I don't think the
difficulty in the escort missions is a
usability issue it's designed to be a
challenge if you're going to for some
reason try to save everyone the game
isn't designed so that you can just
willy-nilly do everything in one
playthrough right away
you're supposed to be making the choices
well I've got four survivors behind me
do I try and rescue three more io that's
a hard hard to escort a larger group and
you have to make that hard choice
that's what you're supposed to be doing
mm-hmm
III can't even I don't even understand
what would you you would mean by other
usability issues
can you get the shotgun no no people are
talking about shotguns
I need keys can you grab the shot cuz
you grab the shotgun and the door closes
yeah so any kind of way you could try
and trap him in the room or when he's
chasing you grab the shotgun I'm gonna
break down the door is that a
possibility no I tried to grab it when
he was there and can you grab it before
he's actually in the room no other than
the door closed okay maybe he'll smash
it open and then you can get in and out
of the room with the shotgun well this
is what I need to do right here okay
this is what I need to do I just needed
to run away from him and get him stuck
in a different room first all I need to
pour liquids on my hand
the blue blaze says speaking of art
Tessa's have you played any of the
Pikmin games Nintendo's version of an
RTS do you play Nintendo games that much
at all
also Jack do not stop that serial killer
voice that's right
that's my Buffalo Bill voice Ivan I have
never played Pikmin I played a little
Pikmin that's cute Nintendo for the most
part repeats the same games ad nauseam
and I don't know I wasn't so big on the
last one but you know check it out when
they get into Zelda Mario games are
usually quality new super Mario's fun
Mario makers need I haven't got that
much use out of it yeah you know what
after after a little bit I kind of fell
out but like every once in a while it's
still pick it up and do like the 10
Mario the the 10 Mario towns and just do
random people's levels that was fun what
I enjoy with Mario makers I enjoy
watching people stream it yeah yeah it's
fun except they'd call them the kaizo
levels the super difficult ones those
are fun to watch it was great he tried
it would him wouldn't let him trigger
the shotgun door thing during the chase
okay okay yeah okay
dead box full of maggots dump the
maggots out yeah if your honor RTS I
kind of enjoyed okay actually um I do
I'm trying to blink on the name
everyone's gonna hate it because it's
made by double fine mother the heavy
metal one the brutal legend true
delusion yeah you talked about it you
showed me the better oh that that was
fun you only get like a handful of units
like max and that makes it easier to
manage oh okay
and it's neat that you're a character
that you can control on it
let's see you can handle a lot of
problems on your own so that's the
bathtub master he just came out of the
wall I thought he came out of the
bathtub okay now you just came out of
the wall yeah brutal legend is a
half-assed one that's probably why I
like it though as an RTS this there's
probably a reason for that and it's not
my favorite thing ever it was just one
that you could think of yeah I'm like
yeah something you know what and
sometimes that'll get you into a genre
and sometimes that Oh that'll be the
only one the light version of that genre
langa sconces you've streamed for years
now complaining about fans suggesting
games will never ever be fixed
this is streaming 101 the amount of
complaining is at this point ruining
streams play what you want a be fine
it'll be fine you know what it could
absent flows everybody absent flows
some days we're okay with it some days
it's us harder than other days so it
just it'll be fine
her NZ I still don't know how from
constant out of the name writer web
usually in a horror game there was
something there to limit your movements
or slow you down in some ways also you
guys are good Kahneman's you make people
angry and they give you my form but I'm
fine for time from dear Courtney those
bastards are looking for me Tim Curry
was so good in brute elections just for
pride the magician Tim Curry has been
good everything he's ever been like Tim
I was gonna I was gonna say damn near
everything he's been in and then I
amended it no he's been good in
everything
like Tim Curry for a while was on a PBS
cartoon where he played a villain he was
good in that you know I'm Batman the
Animated Series he was originally going
to be the Joker you know this but for
anyone who doesn't know originally Tim
Curry was hired to be the Joker in the
animated series Mark Hamill didn't get
the job until they realized that Tim
carries Joker was too fucking scary
which is absolutely true yep I would
love to hear what that was like
oh very I'm glad they went with Mark
Hamill go see his deed he is the Joker
absolutely I think I've missed the Joker
before I think of him as Luke Skywalker
and all honesty you know probably now
but I would love to hear what would Tim
carry dead before they recast and we did
some of those episodes I agree
like like it wasn't just an audition
tape like they actually recorded his
voice for episodes so it might be
somewhere in the archives like I think
when Mark Hamill came in to do it he had
to match like animation they had already
done Oh some it you know what he might
have been I wonder if you had any
influence over Mark Hamill's performance
I don't know I don't know these things
gonna be a goo monster but I'm okay with
good areas like actually okay with a few
monsters because I can actually
and for some liquid on my hand and all
better
that's my favorite part of the game so
far
Casey better live says this game is the
worst advertisement for the Glock I've
ever seen by the way saw the new
underworld it was a great episode of
that story best since the second one
okay worst advertisement for the Galaga
PES that is a fun comment right you'd
think it'd do a little more damage but
I'll take it
analysis had have either of you seen
Neil Breen's fateful findings it's not
the other day on Amazon and to quote
Jean Jax Russell within an instant of
seeing it I saw an other University
became another man they were waiting to
film it I don't know we should we should
have fucking done something with it when
I'll goddamn it I I have told Jay and
Mike numerous times that we have to do
another neo brain one it's time it's
time it's time and I know they're still
they're still trying to work out
something this one has a handprint on it
so we should probably open this one
but there's no combat it's a shitty
experience game there's too much combat
today
did I say there's too much combat did
you I just said that I liked this part
of the game because there finally was
combat okay so maybe they misheard me I
don't know maybe maybe I just said I I
was singing my little song about the
goopy monsters and I said but I like the
goopy monsters cuz I can shoot them and
kill them I'm like I'm like PAH yeah you
know who like keeps coming back and I
have no effect over him and I have to do
this special story thing to kill paw
like I can actually that feel this feels
like a game finally with all the goopy
monsters damn sad says well it depends
on the box-office if the negative
feedback for Justice League and Wonder
Woman is correct as it was before
yeah well DC fans well DC films be
salvaged at all they fucked it all up
except Batman I know they won't what
have you saved yep nope you fuck up
Superman and Wonder Woman
we got Aquaman you're gonna lean in that
Aquaman crutch
they're already fucked if you can't do
Superman right your fart yeah with a DC
Universe oh yeah that's like super had a
Batman I think the key ingredients but
it's a shame I like the Ben Affleck
Batman
oh and I know he's having issues he's
you know he's in he's out he's having
committal issues but yeah if you can't
get if you can't get your core
characters right
gargarensis rich don't peep a bit that
you complaining about people complaining
is just your act and that you don't
actually give a shit they don't they
don't
is it hard to differentiate between my
actually getting angry which kind of
didn't happen earlier would be first
dead rising sparked yeah spurt and when
I'm just fucking around and being snarky
yeah yeah it is easy you're very you're
no it's not easy that's nice like when
you're being snarky yeah sometimes lucky
I got a little tone to it yeah because
you have a good snark okay but uh yeah I
could see someone someone not knowing
the difference between your snark and
and other
skip the gun kill that thing with some
Scrubbing Bubbles right got feckin goop
monsters up in here alright like to see
a well done John Stewart Green Lantern
and Martian Manhunter I never got
Martian Manhunter you know I'm kind of
Superman II he's you know what what he
is he's vision he's kind of the outsider
who doesn't understand the things yeah
what an interesting world do you want
either of them have been my favorite
character scenario you know it's just me
you humans and your primitive ways every
time every time that gets me did you
find the hand thing annoying and
distracting that your hand just back on
it's fine it's weird that like my
character hasn't flipped out about that
yeah
and it's weird that the story hasn't
mentioned that at all right it was it
was done for a shocking moment have your
hand cut off earlier
yeah well shock him well be shocking you
hand cut off early
it totally was it was totally shocking
but you would think that someone would
mention it because unless we're infected
with whatever we have to be right
infected with the monster no I think
that's what they're trying to do at
first they're trying to get me to eat
that thing and that would have infected
me
I thin how was your hand working Rose
how is that not completely distracting
if you're not
already infected or something I agree
like I really thought that they would
have said something I would presume we
are and we have Monster Mash knows that
we have the Monster Mash yeah you missed
the part where they stapled the hand
back to your arm it was quick though
stapling your hand back to your arm
shouldn't leave you with a working hand
it should leave you with a necrotic lump
that's just stitched onto your stump
I like how they're pretending they're
paying attention to the game I've said
time again I'm not playing I'm just
starting I don't give no fucks listen if
you said it you said yourself it was
quick a lot of bullets I gotta run I got
a tough decision to make now I got a
bullet sore health decision and my
complaint isn't I didn't see them put
your hand back on my complaint is that
hand should not work right does it
bother you that the hand is oh yeah
unless this is a Looney Tunes game and
you're playing as as like Tom and Jerry
yeah that doesn't work at Tom and Jerry
Tom & Jerry weren't Looney Tunes dumbass
how the jury were ng up you're assuming
that the protagonist is a normal human
that's why I'm saying well you've got to
be infected with the whatever we just
said then are you guys not paying
attention to max relaxed Saul fine it's
all fine because you know we're seeing
all sorts of things over here will you
be expecting a review of Resident Evil 7
no numbers I mean honestly I should have
blood to death that chainsaw hand should
not work but I don't care because those
movies are like deliberately silly right
and playful
those movies basically are Looney Tunes
they actually they took a lot of
inspiration from your cartoons from from
stuff like Three Stooges and pretty good
show good about that not too many
bullets with the knife there's like yet
I like dodge dodge slash are we still in
the same house it's a very large house
there might be a different part of the
compound saipa Baphomet says have you
guys heard of the colorful fantasy
prison drama Vicki oh the story of Ricky
and celeriac incompetent and viciously
gory as early peter jackson i haven't I
think I've heard Ricky Oh before but I
think I just like literally just heard
the name yeah I think we have I would
say I know nothing about it I'm gonna
I'm gonna say we definitely have a copy
here but I don't think we know anything
about it and they're saying don't forget
the block yeah that's fucked
dajin moved on to move on I'm gonna I'm
gonna get better at this stick and we've
de can we
the other way before we read the note on
the wall again there's a note of all
there's a note on the wall you at 6:03
idiot hey rich and jake do you think the
problem at games today is because the
way people learn to play them is so
different depending upon your age also
rich your old man snark is always funny
yeah it could be then kids ruin
everything
you know I'd open that door don't you
just remember three A's and a handprint
I'd say if I have a problem with modern
games that stories have taken precedence
over gameplay oh it's fine it's fine
we got a staple gun oh wait my life
probably was that scripted well rub some
water
okay well that's something trying to do
stories with without the understanding
that you're gonna have pacing issues
without having a properly edited the
story agreed you need to be very careful
about how you dole them out
enemy encounters don't seem to be
intense or scary just really annoying
yeah I mean that you know again remember
VR so like they're going for a immersive
bullshit thing but they're their de
taste for story and games are ridiculous
they're what they're to taste for story
and games are ridiculous threw a
buttered utterly better the fucking
movies jackass all right now can I get
away from him in time I don't mind story
what it doesn't come at the expense of
gameplay
yeah that was a fun fight
whoo the dissection room key nice nice
I only have three bullets left now so
anymore I don't seem to be doing much
good anyway can't you just keep knifing
them um knifing takes a you know I
probably can it just takes a lot it
takes it out more so like my really my
plan should be to get like one headshot
from a distance then going a knife
let's pry some shit in here first aid
going map and got ammo you Inc a good
story can only make a good game better
but you need a good game there in the
first place are you just wasting my
fucking time
oh great uh you know yeah yeah yeah oh
hey some of those keys from the house
now we can go back and open the door
Oh
lockpick hello hello
I'm coming this way yeah yeah the reason
etham can reattach his legs because he's
infected with the same disease the rest
of the antagonists are yeah I figured
that sure yeah whatever like Mass Effect
one which has terrible gameplay but good
story Mass Effect one has terrible
shooting gameplay but I think they'd
turned story indie gameplay with the
whole dialogue wheel and choices thing
now in the end we know how that all
eventually played out but at the time
you were constantly involved with what
you say to people what you do next
making decisions on how things turn out
and it actually made the terrible
gameplay better well it enhanced enhance
the other
one shot so a video somewhere where
somebody was talking about how the core
mechanic of Mass Effect wasn't wasn't
the shooting but was in fact the
dialogue wheel Wow yeah that's it's not
it's known for that definitely there's a
whole other area here but I keep dying
over there I don't want to do this all
over again I got so much shit so much
shit now but another room back here
squishy squishy sushi oh that's right it
was that like all right fucking I just
got to get better at fighting these
things one shot to the head in with a
knife
remember to block mass effect did a
great job of making me feel like you
were in that world and influencing more
most importantly influencing that world
it wasn't playing out the movie we wrote
and then by the time you get to to the
actual gunplay is actually half decent
fuck that's why I keep dying in here the
ostrich says this game look freeze look
pretty scripted story and games is most
immersive when your actions feel like
they have an impact on the story and
that one you have to watch poorly edited
cutscenes and a silly hat
I like the illusion of influencing the
world
that's where Mass Effect 3 comes in
that fucking suck that wasted all my
shit silly hat I think that was Jeb of
dead rising that was a jab at Villar
police I presume I didn't write that
comment
Oh with an arrow
this game is good you know what
franchises shit XCOM I agree completely
that was a joke so can't be too hard on
them
one of my thoughts on the portal
franchise I love portals portals great
fun portals a game that actually makes
you care about the characters and the
character really is a the villain right
you guys hype for the Nintendo switch
Mario looks buttons that looks fun but
probably the only two games I end up
playing on it might not matter anyway
might be worth it anyway probably
probably should have saved I need I need
to be able to type in like exclamation
points which I need one of those I own
doesn't look fun I'll probably the only
two games I enjoy in the system might be
worth it anyway I'm a little hyper but
you know me I like mobile gaming so you
know hopefully I'm hoping that it brings
some games I want to play mobile II but
OH
overall my hype level is fairly minimal
you know like I'd say healthy I have a
healthy amount of hype but yeah I'm not
going crazy
I don't crazy about it did I check the
DLC for the Mass Effect 3 ending was
that ever a thing I checked it out it
didn't fix anything I thought it was a
problem it just added to the things I
didn't like and that game had problems
above and beyond the ending ask me about
something else for crying out loud
and you're looking forward to God of War
god of oh god remember the God of War
trailer it looks like they're turning it
into this yeah it's what it looks like
they're turning it heavily scripted go
through the movie and hit the buttons
when you're supposed to hit the buttons
an uncharted of four is what they're
turning it into yeah no I'm not looking
forward to that to be fair I don't
really care much for QuickTime events so
I've never been a huge fan of the series
anyway in a world where the ninja gaiden
games existed a God of War just seemed
pointless to me you know that's that's
my brawler of choice a lot of a lot of
the brawler ring was pretty fun but yeah
all of the boss battles being QuickTime
events was pretty lame alright now that
I've beaten the big bad boss I'm gonna
go back up here and I'm gonna save I'll
take ninja gaiden 1 & 2 over the God of
War series
now I'm smart
can someone explain why uncharted is bad
but yours is good to prereq yeah because
gears doesn't waste your time with a lot
of pretending and some movie nonsense he
gets right to the fucking point which is
a kind of standard but at least it
invented the standards shooter yeah and
you don't waste your time for hours
slowly walking to the factory while
talking with your sidekick and you're
gonna wander around caves for five hours
pretending you're at a movie I'm in this
your gun battle and then you're back to
doing jack shit that's why yours is
better than Uncharted Gear's knows what
the fuck it is and it doesn't well yeah
and it doesn't dick you around and
doesn't end to be a movie
yeah what he said
to be fair most of my experience with
that in charter is form you know the
first one the first one's not that bad
not that much better yeah I think they
had like more climbing stuff but not
enough from my book okay great
so now I got some stuff I'm gonna go
back up and save it Gears of War does
not know what it is it thinks it's
serious business and so not in an its
own joke you're talking about story ship
and I say Gears knows what it is it
knows it's a shooter it's a shooter that
doesn't try to pretend it's a motion
picture ninety-nine percent of the time
in Gears of War you are shooting at
things yeah ninety percent of the time
an uncharted you're walking around
talking to somebody or this is a there's
a fake platforming section where you
can't really fall off a ledge oh when we
were trying to fall off ledges yeah yeah
bullshit bullshit fake gameplay
gears just like you can chain saw some
things has a gun hey here's some things
to shoot and chainsaw have fun the blue
blazes last him when it comes to moral
choice games what side do you normally
go for I've always gone good and
couldn't bring myself to go evil on
replay what's your favorite games and
moral choices as a general rule I go
good but I think when I played Mass
Effect ight I switched it up based on
what I thought was the smart thing to do
every now and then I killed the rachni
queen like these these fuckers are too
dangerous thank you and I risking that
shit
Oh strong first but Uncharted knows what
it is yeah it's a it's a it's it's a
movie pretending to be a game or maybe
the other way around I don't know but
it's fucking dull it's poorly paced and
idiots think they're doing things when
the scripted shit happens
I jumped out of that plane then grabbed
on the vine because of my lead this
canal was scripted and the game played
out like a cutscene but you're dumb and
you hit X when the X button came up so
you think you did that because you're an
idiot
you know sometimes rich when you're
right you're right
I'm not gonna get trapped in here like I
did last time
when I when I played vanquish and I
jumped over the little railing and I
shopped two robots each face I was doing
that then I rock and slid over the big
robot kicked it and jumped up in the air
shot it in the head a few times I
actually did that and it wasn't like a
scripted shot right
all right where we had him renegade
Kiera it says why don't you guys play
more character action / fighting games
they're about mechanics gameplay and
mastery and story is not important I
love to see you play Devil May Cry 4
guilty gear x rd i've heard good things
about the Devil May Cry series why
haven't we played more fighting brawler
e kena games I don't know I like them no
particular reason like I said I quite
enjoyed ninja gaiden
pretty sure I've stream did you Gaiden
yeah I think you did well you know what
I think you tried this dream Ninja
Gaiden I don't know if your kid doing
good Tiberius I'm quite open that the
only Uncharted I've played is 4 but then
again I also played The Last of Us and I
have the exact same complaints maybe the
series has devolved over time I don't
know I didn't play one 3 I'll admit that
I'm referring to 4 but you know what the
Uncharted fans love for so what are you
gonna do yep what do you do it's nothing
same complaint I had with the Last of Us
same complaint I had with the order Oh
God that was bad - yeah you know and at
least like the order had generic
shooting sections they were awful but
you know better than the platforming
sections of uncharted which were you
know like fake platforming sections
because you're never in any kind of
danger that's the thing I hate to even
call them platforming
I feel like Naughty Dog delivered on
what those two franchises promised and
it's okay to not like it just doesn't
mean there were failures I didn't say
they were failures I said that I don't
like them I know the entire fucking
world loves those games and that's
that's why shit like the order is
getting made and and gameplay is slowly
being leached out of games in favor of
storytelling bullshit because they're so
popular I never said they were failures
certainly they're very successful oh
yeah which is why I'm not that excited
about triple-a Gaming these days usually
dick
so this is part of the game remind you
of Dark Souls / blood-borne it does to
me no no I felt I felt it would it be
the lack of fun fast-paced and
challenging combat every death in
blood-borne was my fault
I might not have known it was my fault
at the time the this how to best explain
this like
now it's like this doesn't have the
challenge that uh those other games why
am I being ohok there's another one
Cielo fuck you
you suppose like run from the things and
these games more so than kill everything
or did that change after the second one
or the first one or whatever it's okay
to just say the game is bad says dancing
Shay dancing shade I don't think you've
paid any attention to the chat when I've
said a thing was bad in my eyes
obviously we cannot say that rich how
much did you hate the jack games from
Naughty Dog I I would say those games
were pretty standard for platformers at
the time they just weren't that exciting
Jack one feels like a very dull Mario 64
I have not played titan fault too yet it
hasn't really been on my radar I don't
have an xbox one I don't have origin
installed so it's not like I ever see
ads for it around it's not on my mind
and it's $60.00 to try it
when I don't know I've heard good things
I guess but I wasn't that interested to
begin with Oh some okie no by the way so
you know how I opened up that door that
wasn't unlocking a shortcut I had to
walk all the way back here and manually
save for that door to remain unlocked
it's not no no I don't I don't compare
this at assault of blood-borne oh
because it was a shortcut
there's a shortcut but you can't use the
shortcut if you die then it'd take more
than a shortcut to be like blood-borne
oh yeah I mean I I guess I can
understand the comparison it kind of
kind of weird gruesome monsters I get
that yeah gameplay is very different
though very very different and like I
was saying just in a general combat tone
it doesn't I don't I don't get the same
type of satisfaction who defeating these
enemies
did you just do a thing now so that was
pretty awesome
I'm surprised you guys are comparing
this to Dark Souls if you played the
original Resident Evil games that way
that was in a direct question from
someone in chat asking us to compare it
to Dark Souls so first of all settle
down
most likely Abad says personally this
game reminds me of Helldivers madam says
what would it take to have a couple
members of the rlm crew come talk at my
college I am a member of the department
of media and communications club and we
have access to funds for guest speakers
I would ask red let her contact about
that I wouldn't I don't like public
speaking so I would probably just refuse
it would be very uncomfortable
I can barely like talk I constantly
stumble over my words mispronounce
things it would be a joke
what if you go too far away it's a dice
no no it goes away
watch this bullshit yeah I was trying to
be tactical yeah and you know keep some
distance between me he's gonna he's
gonna pop up again over here so what
happened
he's right around the work no this is
there is so what happened before she
melted did he come back go away and see
if these guys come back or if this is
some real bullshit going on you're
saying learn to aim but might I point
out that jack is currently playing this
game with a controller and you can't aim
with a controller do they come back and
do you today do they come back with full
health
okay look look look he just came out the
floor there I wonder if headshots are
even doing you much good I wonder what
would happen if he just went for center
mass oh fuck it oh fuck that I thinking
maybe you're meant to do other stuff
while avoiding them for the most part
can you do that can you just go past
them I tried to do that remember
remember this isn't an action game where
you kill all the things maybe you just
go past them you can't really run and
that's spooky
for some reason right you can kind of
run okay well they're very slow you can
just backpedal and outpace them I would
just go past them and see what happens
oh no it's that's my cookies that we
just yeah yeah that like so yeah I need
to kill them you have to get the shotgun
with the scorpion - I gotta go all the
way back yeah fine just kill me no I
didn't I didn't do anything to kick him
off by the way I did not press the
button did we come to a consensus on
finishing undertale I don't know if we
have to save anymore
I think we've changed our hard drive
since then well then that would make
that decision very easy if you don't
mind backs if you don't mind back
seating there's a scorpion door on the
second floor that you can grab it's
super useful for this part I'm going
back I'm going back to guys
all right it's not that shotgun up here
there's a shotgun yeah yeah as grandma
still the grandmas gone spooky this game
defeats the purpose of games you know
being fun survival a lot of people it's
a thing survival horror ain't going away
anytime soon but this is an experience
of some sort
ah broken shotgun okay here's how to do
this puzzle
why is this game getting high scores at
all the review outlets because it says
resident evil' why would you trust
gaming reviews
well cuz I got a big-ass shotgun I'm
gonna put some more shit away why do I
ever come to this stream you guys hate
literally everything that isn't some
pixel retro garbage abso-fucking-lutely
why are pixel retro games the only games
these days that have gameplay
maybe that's why and it has less to do
with the pixels okay
I'm gonna list off a couple pixel games
that are super great we love okay here
is these are pixel graphic games that
you and I fucking specifically recent
ones specifically recent ones
XCOM XCOM - doom doom Dishonored
blood-borne blood yeah yeah these are
those are some pixel art games that we
fucking love because we only love pixel
art games
was hardly enough Metal Gear 5 which we
did we did a positive review yep we
absolutely did give that a positive
review maybe your tastes are just crap
son of a bitch where is that scorpion
door
if I could walk all around this fucking
house great do we check out the crypt of
the necrodancer DLC yet
I mean wow I downloaded it there's new
DLC for good for the necrodancer
amplified I think it's cool okay I only
just got it last night I started messing
around with it find it enjoyable
however the DLC is actually currently in
early access oh is it
I cannot want to I think I might hold
off yeah until there's done with it
sometimes it's buggy sometimes it's
buggy well I'm assuming they want
they're actually doing it right and they
kind of want feedback so they can tweak
the altered gameplay as they go yeah one
shot
you have to remember Jack and rich are
old as shit that's true they have a
different perspective than most gamers
who read gamer shit yeah our perspective
is were actually gamers and we care
about gameplay it's a little thing you
should change the name of gamer two
likes in a file really at this point
right right like what would you say is
fun about this that's it the
counterpoint what would you say is fun
about this I'm not playing it but I know
jack isn't enjoying this no I can tell
what what sell me on why why are we
wrong well the vr means that means it's
a good game because it's got the vr on
your face well like when that old man
just came in you know the unbeatable
boss and the only way to beat him was by
running away that way that made me feel
good
alright I got a shotgun now
the wand water man had vr in it that
doesn't necessarily make it a good movie
though nice
I'm just saying you guys have been
gaming a long time they have a long view
perspective whereas most people who read
totaku
or whatever like everything and anything
okay okay you're not wrong some of us
just happen to like this type of thing
but what do you like about this if you
like this yeah what do you like about
this I don't get it
just help me understand what it is you
like I'm not saying you're wrong for it
I just want to understand right like you
know rich and I value gameplay pretty
highly and you know part of that or you
know above or below or wherever we want
to put its story is a part of that but
like there's no story here right like
I'm just I'm trapped in a house and I
have to leave and the gameplay is a lot
of backtracking and really clumsy
shooting and so how it helped us out and
this isn't an attempt to say you're
wrong for your opinion I'm just I'm
legitimately curious interesting
atmosphere interesting puzzle elements
spooky action and good looks interesting
puzzles maybe later I have not I have
not I've yet to see any anything harder
than find the key that's the shape of
the other
did you guys enjoy gone home I have
avoided gone home like the plague
because I have heard it's a walking
simulator
Oh
Pepa Lube says jack
yeah which editing software would you
recommend to a total amateur who wants
to eventually do good thanks you know if
if you have if you have a Mac use iMovie
if you have Windows there's Windows
Media Composer or maker I forget which
what it's called there there are several
free editors out there nonlinear editors
that will handle most of the footage
that you throw at it and that is the
best way to learn those all caps
why would you do any of this you didn't
save you didn't keep your distance and
now you're out of shotgun ammo I did
save right before I went there and it's
a shotgun why would I keep my distance
with a shotgun to be fair it might be it
might not be one of those crappy video
game shotguns this might actually have
range
oh you're used to the bad shooters well
I'm used to the shotgun where the closer
you are the more damage it does
okay well zoom in use the that circle I
think all you need to do is be in that
circle okay so if you're gonna do a
project work on a free one see how you
like it keep working on a free one until
you can't stand it anymore make it make
a few videos on on a free editor and
then think about the stuff that you want
you know think about the stuff that you
that you want to do with your video
editor but for the most part you should
be able to do a lot of it with free
software
I see yeah
is that better yeah look up can you go
back to the old save and get all your
ammo back yeah yeah I died so I got away
oh you got all the ammo back
I only have three shells okay should you
switch to the most mate at this point
maybe there you are you dick
all right taxi taxi taxi follow me
gobbledygook says lewd atmosphere
experience feeling just because there is
no game player a narrative does not mean
an experience cannot be enjoyed for its
artistic and artistic merit as an
interactive simulation aka VR carny ride
right right catch a mood with good
gameplay like thief I will hold up thief
as an example of mood and atmosphere
yeah I know it looks blocky by today's
standards but certainly at the time it
looks ridiculous by today's thief
atmosphere is fuck I would say that
thief looks ridiculous by today's
standards
alright that's that's fine that's a fine
thing to say my point is you can have
both you know yeah yeah
I was gonna be a father
make him suffer
it's not like some people are into it I
would say 95% of people like this game
yeah it has great reviews I don't get it
I don't get it I'm with you it's not
it's not my family's board more than
anything but I mean we're getting into
some decent fights now but overall
qapla gox's gameplay has by definition
artificial constraints that can remove
immersiveness chess has great gameplay
but is obviously a game you can't have
100% gameplay simulation and narrative
one suffers I before I'm just watching
that
I'm just watching this but no that
changes the fact that this looks boring
as shit to me atmosphere be damned he's
gonna turn him to a monster right
absolutely
there's this big cage over here I'm sure
the fights gonna take place in
why would you do that why don't you kick
that body well that's alright now we're
ready for the big fight we got bullets
we got health miles speak rich actually
I'm honestly I'm starting to lose my
voice okay
I don't know how much longer the stream
is gonna go on we're gonna we're gonna
do this fight and then we're gonna be
done
I am legit okay win or die
win lose or die okay I think I'm gonna
go get some water right now I'll be back
all right
nice well I guess that's what I'm trying
to do here I don't really know
waste the bullets boy yeah I noticed
that
you notice that what are you gonna do
son of a bitch chainsaw
help
so yeah I was I have to get in there to
get the chainsaw but how to do it fairly
he doesn't
hope
oh sorry
I'm trying that tonight I'd like to
I'll use my help a little too early
there we go
we popped
look he's just legs now
I pop them do me a favor and stay dead
ah one-liner was it exciting
no I did like he hit me with his
chainsaw a bunch I didn't die I just
kept doing this okay so but it was
atmospheric Oh
I really think yes I really think and I
don't know oh and I don't even get to
keep my chainsaw well that sucks if I
would have known that I wouldn't have
chained if I known my chainsaw would
have died I wouldn't have changed out
that thing oh well well let's uh let's
take a moment first aid what what
specifically done I just miss her the
big fight you missed the whole big fight
what happened I chainsawed him you saw
it and then he popped I chainsawed him
and then he popped and that was it that
was that literally the whole fight
nothing else happened you guys are the
worst lol yeah
I mean yeah we are Jack I think you're
you're forgetting about the atmosphere
Oh see this is me being smirky I'm not
actually trying to insult you alright
I'm being snarky
please take it that way haha you know
it's not that great yeah I just want to
get to like the save point or whatever
in case I want to pick this up later
what's with the wrist stitches our hand
was cut off you see in the first part of
the game my hand was cut off and it was
reattached somehow and we're still alive
you have you know you'll have monster
juice in you
that's monster juice totally predictable
gonna be anyone google new baddie isn't
helping I didn't get the third dog head
which I needed yeah hello
thank you hello there bag of juice I
could have take you anything and you
know oh my god the chat just exploded
bro I just froze up for a bit and it
wasn't getting any a new chap and then
it's gotten all at once I don't know
yeah
hi dang diggity and we should understand
I do not want to keep talking I need my
voice tomorrow reasons you understand I
can't walk any faster
okay I'm going to the save spot the safe
spot is right up here
there's creepy music happening in this
help grandma's there gran was there
still can't shoot her dang old grandma
Daniel we know she's gonna be a monster
of course she's gonna be a monster of
course she's gonna be a monster rich
here you wanna read him yeah would
appreciate that
riches voices all jank so I will read
them boom watcher ah fuck here we go
but the devil is my hairdo I'll read all
these voices I'll read all these
subscribers made my Buffalo Bill voice
no one that would be that would have to
be terrible
ah Saylor e7 and Sophie low pathetic
says take more of my Amazon money you
frauds John Elway's teeth guy Lisa sori
says hi EEP DJ Kay train says I'll mo
the blue blaze says prereq we play the
overhyped game so you don't have to
absolutely that's what we're here for
regice you Chris Gaines mm says rarely
get to catch you find gents live keep up
the good work and the beard rich hey
finished here the last hummus mr.
Beebe's for 20 fucking months in a row
mr. Pibb says one more month and my sub
can drink ragged scribe 18 months in a
row Jewish school toe decimals 15 months
in a row happy anniversary
I see you picked a romantic game just
for me absolutely toad no no tom
Cosmo gesture for twenty two fucking
months in a row
Cosmo gesture says I want my Resident
Evil 7 mod where they visit pulling its
basement
there are VHS tapes in this basement
just put that out there a little nod
you're welcome
link in junior arcticus rex artic is rex
has four months and I still haven't
received my greet my geek crate crate
check those mailboxes they're all
they're all their backordered because
it's very popular right now what Western
child with that name I am sure you are
completely totally 100% unbiased not a
fanboy twilight of the Gods Orson chimes
at midnight
Sangster VG 64 or says happy birthday
rich Evans you're off by a bit but happy
second birthday let me say very thank
you thank you X Mensa 31 fucking months
in a row expensive says lol deuce deuce
in manip the fancy brute Ben Swank 'ln
poom count it ond ond no jest dances
with Smurfs mister grape loner our John
for twenty nine fucking months in a row
loner
hello jack and rich you guys aren't
really good at playing games or
commentating are you that's true we're
not
pew-pew Polly Sam be dicks midnight Andy
for 15 months in a row thanks for the
entertainment guys do to your
blood-borne review Sony sold themselves
another PlayStation 4 so I guess they
would also thank you and yes the board's
a great game flip born is a fucking
great game blood-borne is awesome
atmosphere game a story element that
doesn't get in your hand your fucking
face blood-borne is a fucking great game
quality pixel says keep it up love
prereq and our LM shooters for slashed
from ducktales for twenty seven fucking
months in a row sloshed says two more
months and I'll have subscribed for one
half one twelfth of my life all right
our Miller 17 months in a row I'm
playing overwatch right now but here's
my support anyway thank you our Miller
oh man oh my get me some overwatch time
yonder yonder says butts Rick and Morty
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it and if rich could talk he
would say it's true we really do but
it's truly really - we really do so
thank you all for coming out we won't do
an awkward thing down the stream this
time just because what played out
that wasn't awkward this thing just fell
Oh we'll get over here
and I kind of want
