Episode 718
Josh VS Jack: The Ladder Match
February 16, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KsG92UNtAnc
___________________________________________

as just beating the fuck out of everyone
oh great okay that's fine okay so what's
the what's the latter match uh a lot of
matches there is there are ladders we
can beat the fuck out of each other with
that's it and I cycle but we it's like
we're still just trying to pin each
other right okay yeah so there's not a
stick like in the cage no okay
no but it slits that we get to legally
beat each other with ladders oh okay
with this and do spots off them and
things like that okay so yeah you can
climb up on the ladders and do and jump
off of them we'll have to figure out how
that works
oh you fucker I am coming for you
he hit bitch get in
I'm trying hit up let me get up oh no do
we have to get that case music what
there's a case up there
Oh Gold case maybe I thought it was just
a regular ladder match hold up
do you see it yeah that's not seeing it
Jack kidding me it's like in the center
of the Ring it's like a gold case to get
the thing yeah I saw when we when you
okay then that means that's that's we
have to get a ladder inside the thing
okay don't do it no I didn't want to do
that done do it I didn't that's trying
to leave well you got going out here I'm
gonna get this if I can remember how to
pick things up the two bumpers get away
from me oh I know something eh send mmph
wake up wake up no it's see it's not
it's the bumpers both of them together
Oh together yeah don't do it don't do it
yeah see there you can see it now the
case see no see now I'm climbing I did
the two of them together and it just got
me up here ah let me go let me no wait
let me check out this ladder over here
I'll see if I know hey
no I want you to leave leave the ring
you have to get to the side of it
both bumper hold both bumpers together
it won't let me get down from the
fucking let me down let me down I can't
get down gamma geckos when I was a
teenager bear finally I saw a local
wrestling match with midgets it made me
feel slightly uncomfortable your
thoughts also have you seen any of the
Wang Wang movies funny shit what great
show guys well you have to be right
centered oh I get it
look I found a chair if if you yeah I
did that too
sorry little person who agrees to
wrestle you probably know what you're
getting into
there they're voluntarily they're not
slave labor and make it actually make
good money yeah they're like anybody
else yeah what you just pick up the
steps in it you can't be second hello
I'm getting my chair back hold on okay
your chair I know
don't do all this steps at me fuck you
again oh I'm out of here
come here fucker nope Oh what am i doing
what what are you doing I don't even
know get up yeah eat it where's my chair
no no hit him bitch well that's not near
as impressive as getting you don't have
the steps that's that's how it is how
about I get I get nothing there's
nothing over there nothing left okay
great you got my thing how about the
ladder what am I even doing on ow or the
chair again okay how about I hit you
with a chair again oh fuck alright get
the fuck out here
okay now the ladder turnaround
tert you know what fuck you come on come
on turn around
well turn around bright eyes turn around
there you go okay now hit it with the
left no don't get me with it put it in
the ring I'm true wait fuckable I will
continue with the I am here how do you
the tips when when Josh and or Jack are
actually able to concentrate at
answering a question right now wait how
do you how do you fold it I don't know
okay hello I need I need a rabbit and
had different buttons experiment grab it
try B ever every button I press puts it
down everybody knows I put it down look
it Heights high great alright grab it
and try lb left trigger that makes me
run alright oh that got me to climb the
ladder
wait go up go up go up
you can't stop me from wrestling I'm
getting out of here now
peace okay we're gonna try this ladder
charges going into the ring normally
with it
maybe he'll automatically fold its head
forward while holding it ahead I'll be
like you know really pressed to get to
the ring but and if I let go of L&B; I
drop it are you supposed to go yeah look
the ring oh wait maybe I gotta go up the
stairs there's a do you see that golden
case in the center of the Ring yeah okay
hello my good no can't go up the stairs
oh hey there we go well I was I was
pressing all of the buttons don't
fucking take my ladder that's white
ladder you know we're gonna hit you this
fucking ladder you fuck fuck you damn it
yeah yeah setup hurts getting up there
yeah wake up yeah okay on the ropes nope
I want to get up on the ropes see this
yeah so tired no I actually oh why can't
I not all right oh can I kick your
ladder yeah but I'm gonna do this you
fuckhead this is the most entertaining
thing ever wake up wake up wake up wake
up wake up get out get out get out oh
there we go yeah yeah oh fuck you yeah
fuck you fuck your own
right side I'm a bitch cat man you bet
you're the cow you're the power the cat
punch of kick him and grapple grapple
grapple and punch him in the face okay
okay it's what I know what time it is
that hurts you know time it is no
flatter time what time is it it's so I
kick it okay
that's right we need to learn son of um
I'm gonna kill you I'm gonna hurt you
yeah yeah didn't see that coming no I
didn't run I don't have any run juice
left
that's a concussion yeah that's right
all right now wake up wake up can you
wake up can you wake up can you wake up
can you wake up wake up wake up my
letter now yeah go ahead go off it yeah
look at you way far away from so far
away I got it oh shit oh yeah
all right right on the goddamn ladder
again someone about you will it occur to
you
Oh hurting you this should hurt you more
yeah you know what you know what it
doesn't doesn't account ladder physics
it should it really should get up on the
ropes get up on the ropes get up on the
ropes and hand oh nice nice I guess
we're picking up that ladder now picking
up picking up the ladder now and we're
gonna put down the ladder you horrible
dickhead okay
