Episode 719
Master of the Valkyria (Part 2)
February 16, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cLcD2f8kNAM
___________________________________________

nobody is saying no Gibson is a good man
that is not point that is not the claim
no
that's not the claim
oh right um poke Alex in the ashes just
a note to say that seeing rich lose it
over that Ghostbusters figure really
made my week it's been rough since a
friend was separated from her family by
immigration policies but I love you guys
well hey poke Alex and yeah I'm glad
Rich's absolute disbelief at the Ray the
figure could brighten your day out soon
otherwise says if you put that ray doll
up for a local or other charity I will
happily donate it sorted
we are Philly kids over here have our
government in major at the airport well
that's great to the light I don't I
don't know if that doll will go up for
sale or anything like that fun glad
everyone seems to like it funny it's a
funny joke I'll tell you what
the Ray the Ray doll
yes that radar is the best yes
I did I don't I don't like the I don't
like the sounds and some big guns
couldn't make that one turn last time I
didn't I didn't think I would be able to
move far enough I actually still could
have one last time I did about oh it's
fine right you're doing from you I
thought I thought I needed move twice Oh
apparently you are able to save in the
middle of that oh yeah that seems cheap
no bunch of people are asking you to
lower game people people apparently
there's a there's an issue with
balancing games are art an immersive and
story immersive the battles the battle
sounds were so loud because the words
are on there the gun sounds are like
what sacks of potatoes oh I agree like
I'm not I'm not saying they should be
doom guns or anything but just know the
sounds are fine oopsie Valkyria
chronicles to stop responding whoopsie
sorry Rach I'm glad you know I'm glad
y'all asked me to turn it on that game
volume well it just saved Raven I don't
know that it did okay only people can
see that depressing depressing thing
I know lowering the volume I know
that'll ruin the experience but I mean
everyone wanted me to ruin the
experience I saw it several times from
several people also people want to love
ribbon is not a game it is a visual
novel so we will not be playing ribbon
we're not gonna play love ribbon no
matter how this how well the story how
good the story is about about you know
unrequited love
what what what way back here
you saved before after this game crash
you were skipping everything if you see
anything you skip it oh fuck I can't
handle this
she's fighting jack louder than rich
because because this this fuck happened
right here oh my god we all the way back
there yes rich do you see how far back
we are oh my god this is the tutorial oh
my god you definitely you definitely
saved after this yeah yeah I did let's
double check please see if you can if
you can load something else no I want to
get to the main menu good the main menu
this is it I saved after that I know I
saved am can't like a left-to-righter
no quality streams quality quality
streams
thank you epic Jason for the suggestion
of the evening for the record I don't
hate this game right do you want to see
if you can find the alien realtime
strategy game would you want to play
that no you just keep going just keep
going this is the game Wednesday's fine
that's the game and you know what you're
just gonna skip all this now so go you
know we're gonna we're gonna get to
where you were in under five minutes
if you skip all the cutscenes okay yeah
that's what I'm guessing oh fuck
stop taking your audience for granted
what are we doing with our audience I
mean what do you want we're not taking
our granted it's not my fault the game
crashed the game crashed when we when we
alt tabbed out because you wanted the
volume concern down the wall yeah
remember you can turn another volume in
game you keep going obvious but now it's
fine everything's gonna you know what
everything's gonna be fine I'm just I'm
looking up I'm gonna buy some rope some
quality rope but it needs to hold at
least 200 pounds so hold on for a second
this looks like a high-quality one won't
chafe too much which i think is
important you know for when you're
setting up you don't want to chafe great
brain have some good ideas great great
okay so let's see here the blue blaze
says me personally I love the new nerd
crew podcast I laugh my ass off at the
Ray doll by the way how much was that
camera that rich broke worth it was
worth that's you know the nice cameras I
love just how how genuine Jays reaction
is as the camera starts falling and rich
caught it rich rich shockingly for
someone who is a professional a
professional boob has spry cat-like
reflexes when when the urge when the
need arises rich will spring into action
so that's great that's a great catch now
the cameras the lenses I skip all of it
there oh God thank you watch this
episode you have to you know click view
the episode which is weird
yep but let's say hey save say well want
to get some of this he's gonna save it's
gonna save alright now save
you definitely did that before it's fine
it's fine
great great I like it in this game when
you can skip the things yes yes loner
art John says keep playing rich because
seeing the chat this salty is great
great I stole them saying I told him
safe you have been playing a lot
recently
I thought games are all about the
experience all about the experience you
know story game is all about the story
story experience yeah it's like this is
you have to get into the characters all
of these non gamers who wanted us to get
straight to the gameplay it's just I
don't know jack
I don't know roll watching don't know if
I can handle them wolf we're skipping
the most important stuff yeah it's true
mr. Ridge so I started playing a game
recently yeah that started I've been
playing a game recently that I played a
long time ago and I'm loving it again
the swindle and I made me think of
something every once in a while someone
will ask us if there's like games that
we enjoy that like aren't maybe the best
games and thus window has a lot of
problems like technical problems but I
still really fucking love it I'm making
my way through it again what a fun game
the swindle it's my it's my go to
bathroom game at the moment really
enjoying it really enjoying it thinking
about picking up darkest dungeon keeps
coming up on sale for the Vita it's like
I remember you played it a little bit
yeah and I remember a little bit of the
mechanics but it's like oh you know give
that a try that'll be my next you might
be up your alley my next game after the
the swindle is done that could totally
be up your alley
this window has a lot of problems it
does it has a lot of like straight-up
objective technical problems but you
know what still alright still an alright
game
can you say the name a few more times
make sure the sponsors here die I repeat
it because often people will come in
mid-sentence or only start paying
attention mid-sentence and they'll
always ask what gave me talking about
again so I'd like to repeat the thing
I'm talking about a couple times it's
better on PC I'm sure but like I
couldn't buy it on PC but I'm not
looking for a PC game right now I'm
looking I'm looking for a Vita game
looking for a mobile game that I can
pick up every once in a while I'll play
a few games on oh my god you're just
getting straight-up shot in the head
rich right in the goddamn head I can't
can't even
hmm Metroid Prime
- oh yeah Metroid Prime 2 is great well
I'm both metric but you know even even
the third one was pretty good Metroid
Prime through you that was pretty fun
that's pretty fun but I like all the
prime from Metroid Prime series I wonder
what do you think about those Nintendo
switch reviews I haven't seen any
reviews for the Nintendo switch so does
Vita still get new game releases yep
yeah that's all the damage you're doing
from up there yep I'll take it but I
haven't seen anything on the switch I
know they're just like every pre-order
on every site is out at the moment
no one no one is even taking in more
pre-orders so for the switch for this
week Jim really yeah so we might not get
one right away
can we tell them we're big important
game reviewers we could try they won't
listen to us excuse me but we are big
important game in view tens of people
come to our livestream so if you could
you know get us a couple switches we
might play them on stream or we might
not whatever or whatever to Dax says
just started watching this role-playing
game looks fun but the game audio is
kind of quiet can you turn it up good
jokes good funds good fun jokes rich
yeah did Karen ever end up liking
undertale no Jack you weaseled your way
into the World Cup but you can get
yourself a switch that's true that's
just that you know what I probably could
find a way to do it do you guys want to
hear another weasel my way into an area
story I've been trying to save him
possibly for events just like this but I
got another one I got another weasel my
way into an area story is the Super Bowl
before we went to Africa we were in
Miami for the Super Bowl for a high five
Super Bowl and much and much like Africa
you know one of the things with any of
these videos in general is you know the
idea is once you start shooting with
celebrities or athletes or anyone it's
much easier to get more people in your
video because he go oh yeah we shot with
we shot with Dirk dingleberry yesterday
and he had a great time Dirk Dirk
dingleberry love Dirk dinkleberg yeah
ever and everyone doesn't go Oh Dirk
Dirk was in your video yeah I'll be in
your video then and then then you can
call you know celebrity three and be
like hey we already shot with Dirk and
we're
shooting with with Larry Larry Phil Phil
tomorrow and they go oh yo though well
that's two in that you know like as long
as they know other people are in it
that's when they are okay being it right
yeah
but it's it's always tough getting those
first couple of shots because you know
you gotta weasel your way into area and
so it's it's me it's the two guys in the
video and we have two producers one on
the Funny or Die side and one who was
kind of newer to Funny or Die who had
come from ESPN or another sports related
thing yeah and so like it was just her
job to find us all of the sports people
and she got she got hip to a party a
secret party that was happening at a
hotel filled with like sports
broadcasters some athletes because you
know the Pro Bowl also happens around
Super Bowl time and so we were hoping
there like a bunch of a bunch of coaches
a bunch of sports casters okay this is a
and it's to the day we landed so it's
like this is where we start we start at
this party we bring a camera we just
ambushed some people they'll be drunk
it'll be great yeah so we find the hoax
that we know where the party's taking
place some are skipping and things we
have yours I'm skipping skipping
everything we're caught up oh now
yeah we're caught up in under five
minutes skipping all the cutscenes yes
this fucking game this fucking game rich
are we skipping everything
it's my legitimate question that it it
is completely up to you chat that is
completely up to you you know how I feel
about this rig I know how you feel yeah
so I want you to make that decision
how about skipping all the exits okay
okay so we know a party's happening we
pull up on our van and security stops us
why here for oh yeah we're here for the
UH for the the party what party
no parties happening here oh yeah we
were told you know we tried
we try to you know work our moves right
yeah the parties that this person tells
right not and it completely didn't work
like he called us out on our bullshit
security guard was doing his job
turn the fan around go sulk so we go a
couple like maybe a block or two down
and we start thinking up a game plan
what are we gonna do what are we gonna
do to get in this hotel
Bob Curtin who's in the video is like
I'm gonna go to the beach because we're
parked right by a beach and he's like
I'm gonna see if we can just literally
walk down the beach to the hotel and
there's no security there like maybe we
could do that well just we have to carry
the camera down the beach but now that
might be where the right oh don't forget
to save by the way like see if I keep
seeing I already saved yeah and so then
we like you know he's walking down the
beach to scout it out we start figuring
out our plan in the van and it's like
well how do we do this how do we do this
well oh well you know what what if we
just like call the hotel to make sure
the party's happening there because what
if the party's not having this so we
called the hotel oh yeah oh oh hey we're
uh we're here we're here to get into the
party we're here about the the party
that's happening tonight and then and
they're like oh sure down in this room
and we're like yes that party that's
that's the party that's happening so the
hotel kind of gives us and we go yeah
well the problem is we have a film crew
who we want to bring into the party
they're they're guests of ours right who
do we call to get them into the party
and like oh well you'd have to call
security
but like I just can't give out that
number to everyone I mean what where are
you where you come from I mean you know
she the the person who we talked to the
desk had already given us the name of
the room isn't and we're like oh we're
in the mezzanine we're at the pub were
at the party right now right and she's
like oh you're at the party and she's
like yeah just give me their names just
give me their names I'll bump him on the
listen we're like Absa absolutely
this person in this person in there with
funny erdheim look she's like oh no
problem yeah but okay here's my name and
here's the number for our security desk
and we go alright so then you know we
all get in the van and we are calling
the security desk as we're driving to it
and going oh hey but you know Mary up up
in reception gave us your number we have
some guests that we want to come and
they're gonna film some stuff for it's
film tourism it's good no problem good
Alvin and we just end two seconds later
we pull up and hey remember us we've
what we finally found our friend inside
and got clearance Oh yep you're on the
list hop on in that one is not as fun a
story as the Africa one but it's just
one of those things people people give
up too much information when you talk to
him right and it's great and it's great
so yeah we we found we found the
loophole we found the chink in the armor
check I know about the grenades this is
why I played a bit of the game before we
streamed it so I would know some
important things nicely so I don't know
what social engineering is but it's
people people people want to be nice
they want to be hospitable and more
importantly they don't want to lose
their job so they will only do as much
as will not get them fired and now
that's all this was is hey trying to
keep the guests happy enough it wasn't
it wasn't the best or it wasn't as good
as they have a good start but Alton oh
my god Alicia died it was a little bit
too far back to reach him with the
grenade yeah but it was fun and you know
we got we got so you know we got in we
got our crew in and we filmed a whole
bunch that night with some people and
those people led us to other people and
those people led us to other people
ended up with a pretty decent video all
because we you know we may have
stretched the truth a little bit but you
know it's fine
social engineering is pretty much being
a con man uh well yeah okay well then I
was yes I was lying to people to benefit
myself and I'm okay with that
pS Mary was fired no cuz you know what
we were there no incidents everyone was
happy to see us we saw some people who
had seen our other videos oh yeah doing
one of these videos there yep
so people were all right I don't know if
it's fraud she had on of worse problems
stemmed entirely from the fact that I
don't enjoy real time strategy games and
that was most certainly a real-time
strategy game right did I get a swag bag
no we did not get a swag bag from the
party
thank you hack bot for for reiterating
Rich's distaste for a swag bag demand he
brings literal dimensions to hack frogs
aye aye I know how to work it
I know how to work it all you have to do
is pretend like you belong and really
isn't that lesson for just for everyday
life just pretend like you belong in a
venture at all it'll all work out and
that's all you have to do we're trying
to get into anywhere just act like
you've been there every single day and
you're sick of that shit then every
because then everyone will think that
you really belong there
great then hire some space jack is at
your party in order to please those
social engineers there's something is
outlined in this in the book okay
kevin Mitnick kevin Mitnick only fraud
if you benefit materially well then
possibly fraud I don't know you know
what and it's been years so it doesn't
matter at this point
god damn it Wow at the end of the day we
made we made a good video and the people
who try to stay close enough so I can
grenade those you know what I know what
I'm doing wrong yeah I know what I'm
doing wrong do it jack teaching us all
how to sneak into place you know I'm
gonna preemptively
grenade the sandbags that's what I'm
doing wrong on nice good idea there's a
saying which is you know well I get both
just one of them I want to restart the
session what is a ask ask for
forgiveness not permission that's the
usual saying when making when making any
sort of video or movie as far as that
kind of sneaky stuff is concerned is ask
for forgiveness which means do the thing
first and then figure it out later
can I reach you from here with your
grenade yeah nope
what did you do no that doesn't reach so
that's what I wanted to avoid that's why
I moved her over there in the first
place
ah okay because I know I need to Crenn
aid those sandbags because of those
fuckers escape cage Jack's guy to live
in sincerely following the crowd is
better than personal traits or
creativity no no I never said that you
just have to pretend you belong in a
place that doesn't mean sincerely
following the crowd just gotta pretend a
little bit just to get your foot in the
door no I got both Oh interesting like
that she throws like a girl well that's
that's to be expected yes
all right this is a strange tip but
we'll give it a go
anonymous says hello Jessica it's me one
of those guys from those YouTube videos
you were forced to watch against your
will
Tiger misses you and sends his cuddles
via Packard Graham alright just wait
enough really I give it a go you're
helping the stalkers out jack I don't
know it's just weird enough where it
could be inside joke there a tad on them
got my calls rich we got to make
judgment calls with the things we read
and I made a call and I'm reading the
thing that's what it did yeah I don't
know guys I don't know I don't know but
you know that's I've read I read the
thing they said the thing and I read the
thing yeah and you know like a lot of
these people like this whole like you
know getting into places and sneaking
around and and you know acting like you
belong it's all confidence that's all
you just I'm confidence I know is that a
confidence game well in its kind it's a
gun right or you could say you know I
understand that that confidence is a
tough thing for for people to like
figure out like how do i how do i be
more confident and you know there's no
there's no advice that can be given to
you it's just yeah you just keep doing
it
actually Jack you already summed up the
entire idea behind social engineering
act like you belong ask questions and
act annoyed when people try to stop you
it's all about exploiting people's fear
of losing their job that's true that's
true it's confidence keep lying it
becomes easier all the time yeah you
know sometimes I have I been listening
to any other new music recently oh I've
been listening to run the jewels which
is a killer mic and the producer behind
a lot of Aesop Rock songs I have I
haven't even heard of them before and in
Madison one of the guys in the past me
of beer videos is a big run the jewels
fan and is and got me hip to them so
pretty good pretty good stuff so far
I've only listened to a little bit of
their first album but I'm really
enjoying it
all right why don't you sit on that
other guy though but I okay
no I don't have a favorite racket like I
haven't even listened to the whole album
I only have their first they're you know
they're one one album their album called
one but I haven't even gotten a chance
to give it a full listen to you but I'm
enjoying it so far
Aesop Rock is is great but this is the
guy who does a lot of his music you know
lies producer and killer Mike and I'm
really enjoying it really really
enjoying it so LP has a dope song in the
fan too for stick credits best thing
about the movie okay run the jewels is
more him than killer Mike okay great
Aesop Rock versus ASAP rocky you know
very different styles I prefer Aesop
Rock ASAP Rocky is more like you know
gangsta swag is more swag rap but I
still like ASAP rocky but Aesop Rock is
where it's at that's where you want to
go that's where you want to go mom I
missed every shot them are you that will
me but also them oh sure yeah and run
the jewels is coming to Madison soon and
so that's why that's why Tim who's who's
in the past me bit of beer videos was
really excited they're coming to Madison
he knows I listen to hip-hop but I had
never heard of him so
so I'm liking it so far
it's the hip hop's so I don't talk to
rich about it he's not down with the
hibbity apps
does anyone here like nerd war I don't
know what that is nerd nerd war and I
don't know what the fuck that is looks
like a band sounds stupid just like dude
war alright let's see here at an axe
says Kevin mitten link once gave a talk
at my workplace
he said the Robert Redford movie
sneakers was the most realistic movie
about computer hacking ever made because
it's 99% social engineering you know
what did axe I would believe that social
engineering there's a today is all about
social engineering acting like you
belong out being confident in your
movements and you get it getting
information out of people without you
know efficiently I suppose so the Robert
Redford movie sneakers is apparently the
most accurate you're in a fucking tank
now yeah shit that's cool think I think
the anti-tank round would be overkill I
get infinite I mean if you get infinite
then why not because I missed oh I think
Oh does she says thanks probably at the
entertaining and often even insightful
hours yeah I mean the analytic and
sarcastic videos you broadcast it on
twitch and YouTube guys you are awesome
thank you to she and anonymous with a
tip of six six six says orange leader
the package is frozen I repeat the
package is frozen
make sure your babies are sober and your
nose hair is honest stay tuned to
packard gram for more details
great other thing that you should
probably use the bullets on the soldiers
I wanted to have fun by show you with an
anti-tank shell which you were playing
the game wrong I need to let you know
that you were playing the game wrong oh
did you see are you following
no clip now following them no clip the
people who did the doom documentary and
oh okay
and the no III don't they they're
they're about to put up their big John
Romero interview John Romero huh yeah
huh just about doom and John Romero oh
okay there's like a singing Idol Living
Dead remote oh yeah yeah yeah yeah so
you were you were saying like wouldn't
it be great just to have an interview
with the old doom guy yeah here it is
it's like it's like over an hour of just
an interview with them so heads up for
anyone who liked the noclip doo doo mini
documentary and their rocket league mini
documentary they do they have a new one
up and it's fucking great they're saying
too much game and not enough boring
cutscenes did I oh I'm so sorry haps oh
my god I miss I missed a couple tips
sorry everybody sorry sorry sorry sorry
sorry the off switch says I can't watch
this once you play this game I used to
be in the army and it's just bring back
too many reminders of how mildly
irritating getting constantly shot in
the face his game child you case has
watched the founder on Friday a very
great film great acting from Keaton
McDonald's is a big part of American
culture and highly recommend seeing it
also any upcoming rlm auctions thank you
no auctions that I know of Michael
Keaton's a great actor I'm excited to
see the founder rich any thoughts on
that on which the founder auctions
McDonald's I was reading chanted that
okay great sorry I'm very sorry hap 78
says hey guys was wondering what your
thoughts were on the upcoming Star Trek
TNG vs. aliens comic book by Dark Horse
Picard versus xenomorph sounds dumb
Ripley
your heart out the blue blaze has a
question I've been meaning to ask do you
guys think that the plots of walking
simulator games Firewatch gone home etc
would work better as movies or would
something be lost most always direct
almost always better as movies with the
exception of the Stanley parable
Alliance
Souma I would I would love someone would
probably be better in like word form I
would love a soma book yeah
so far the novelization you could where
you dig dig deep into the fool the
philosophical shit yep that game brings
up yep that'd be great that would be
great I think I think what walking
simulators need to concentrate on is
this not existing his new length and
pacing rich length and I would prefer
they focused on not existing I wish they
would get a job as a screenwriter or a
filmmaker yeah but I guess they couldn't
and that's why their game developers in
the first place is pacing you know I
thought Firewatch worked really well
mostly because of the length and pace
and how you know you you it did a good
job of making you absorb the atmosphere
and now I'm mirrored the story and I
like that and so you know it can work
pacing and length is a big issue
Oh anyway when I played on my own I did
not play past this point oh great great
showbiz pizza bear we will give neo a
shot I don't want to play the beta I
know like the demo and the beta or the
beta is out right now and I want to wait
until the real game is out it comes out
next month so we don't have to wait too
much longer did you save the game did
you save it well the next battle starts
we glad - what happened to the red
letter media stream Athan uh for those
who weren't in the known I know we got a
lot of these questions pre New Year Jay
used to every New Year's Eve into New
Year's Day live stream a bunch of random
videos rlm videos like videos like that
weren't his I think on his last one is
when he played the ishtar trailer like
50 times in a row at slightly different
speeds like he'd play it at like half
speed 200 times the speed one time he
played it at like 20% speed he was crazy
we could break this shit up well I guess
I would also assume something Jay no
longer does that has no plans on doing
that mostly because I think the last
time he did a live stream someone saved
it and then like uploaded it somewhere
and it was a bunch of other people's
stuff and that's not what Jay wanted to
do he just wanted to like do this one
live thing and not have it be saved
anywhere so that kind of ruined it one
sixteenth speed was crazy yeah it was
great but he's not planning on doing any
more of them
yeah oh yeah he played Memorex if you
have a chance and like wannabe
psychedelically enthralled look up on
Vimeo a video called Memorex it's a
great I don't even know what you call it
it's like half montage half cut up half
remix it's great it's super super
amazing and he played that it was yes
yes Memorex it's a good one
Smash TV Memorex they're saying at this
on video Vimeo and it's great it's a
great piece a great edit we thank you
colonel rich mustard for sharing that
yes Memorex was a videotape brand let's
see here tired and sands has just
rewatched Big Trouble in Little China
the movie is incredibly progressive even
by today's standards with Asian actors
in 90% of the roles and a white jackass
protagonist remake will just be PC uh
yeah that's possible are they even gonna
do like Chinese mythology stuff are they
gonna be too afraid to do that they can
they even can they even call him Big
Trouble in Little China Little China
still the plays right that might be
offensive somehow you know what it
depends on who's in trouble big trouble
in the real actual China where there are
no mythological figures of any kind that
could be construed as offensive
blueberry why they will find an ordinary
gangsters who will not be Chinese
because that would imply that Chinese
people are gangsters also not Italian
because that's an Italian that would be
an American gang in Beijing causing
trouble that the rock and his latina
sidekick hmm will have to fight I like
it I like it
makes sense
while being mentored by a crippled black
lady who's also old that sounds great
and blind no nice it sounds perfect very
efficient character sounds like a movie
I want to see right no country for tall
men says greetings from Tokyo how much
am I going to be right about that
description though the Big Trouble in
Little China reboot by the way what my
my my blast of pure sarcasm how much of
that is gonna be dead accurate it
depends on who gets it depends on who's
producing it you cook you very well
could get a producer who has some balls
but you know I'm gonna give you a right
now a straight-up 50/50 chance you're
right okay okay straight-up 5050 you get
a producer with some balls on them then
you know could change and the crippled
black lady will be played by Tilda
Swinton yeah I love it I love it an
equal opportunity trouble in the UN it's
great great that's great so higher oh
god I wish I'd played a little bit
further because again um now all of this
base recruiting stuff is new information
oh I almost want to skip it you sure you
don't want to play the alien predator
this is what this whole plan this is
what we're playing I don't know jack you
do I don't know what I'm doing territory
and this is bad you know I honestly rich
knows this you guys kind of know I've
been I've been shooting all day I left
my house today at 8 in the morning like
my camera and tripod and shit are still
in the car because I've been gone
shooting a video all day today my brain
is done and so like rich if you're just
done we can be done these isn't
mechanics I'm not familiar with but
every fucking real-time strategy game
ever made is the same fucking thing
yeah they're all the same you can every
one of them is identical you can do it I
believe in you
but yeah you you keep on going until
you're done because when you're done I'm
done because my brain is no longer
functioning how do we start we've only
been up for two and a half hours let's
try and get one mission in okay I'm just
gonna I don't know what I'm doing so I'm
just gonna recruit random people and
we'll see how this goes right it's
locked my cars locked it's not in the
and it's not in the view of a lot of
people it's fine it's fine okay so no
country for tall men says greetings from
Tokyo never get a chance to catch your
streams live but always catch up on
YouTube huge fan of rlm here's a tip to
thank rich for always blowing out my
speakers you're welcome lol skidamarink
my dinky dink nice I'm real I'm just
completely randomly hiring people great
great um teabag for glory how much money
do we have to give rlm for you fucks to
get out of Milwaukee and travel for
conventions or meetups probably a lot
that's expensive shit yeah and you know
then it depends on how many you want you
know they can hire Rambo Oh could I fire
somebody with a higher Rambo you have
zero open slots
it's fine you know what it's fine huh so
yeah then you have like lodging flights
paying for the event there's there's a
big costume ball tartan Sansa's hey rich
as George Lucas could you please discuss
the significant of episode eights title
the last Jedi fuck them
those white slavers I would have called
SIF clones on Alderaan yeah we'll start
our own convention the rlm convention
absolutely
oh my god that was crazy everyone do nla
you know what this is whoa you sure you
did it what what a weird leveling up
system what if I do a little bit on each
well then they don't level up I don't
know I don't know what's going on they
only level up if you go all the way to
the end of the line okay
there you go
you're all out
you're a lot of experience so you're
Lancer doesn't get the good shit
apparently you're doing great rich you
are your level on everybody right you
are doing absolutely great you're you're
like the best at this game you're like
the best
I don't know surgeon it just seems like
you instead of just choosing people to
level up and leveling them up with your
experience they wanted you to do that
chalk drawing thing to make it more
visually exciting girl I don't know jack
trigger choice yes I love Daft Punk I
think they're great
I think random access memories a great
album and I love it and I listen to it
all the time and I also listen to their
soundtrack for Tron - and I also like
their older music I like damn Milan
loner art John says hey yes RTS games
for the most part do play the same which
is why I don't understand why you would
play an RTS like Donna for two onstream
told the jury because it was called
Jesus Christ shut up already because
ever since since I played Helldivers you
know everyone has been telling me that I
absolutely need to play dawn of war too
because superficially there are a vague
amount of similarities right and you
know that's the whole premise of that
show as we play we play a game then a
lot of people ask us to play
and then I played it and I can be like
no that in fact is an other RTS why did
you waste my time and we can be dumb I
get I no longer have to hear anybody
asked me to play a dawn of War 2 ever
again and that's that's why we play dawn
of war - the first time so I no longer
have to hear about it ever again
there you go there you go really say why
did you play dawn of war - how dare you
how dare you how dare you HAP's 78 says
rich stupid perhaps but any dumber than
Batman vs. predator or the x-men Star
Trek crossovers as a fan of aliens you
have no interest in seeing four-car
battling then oh there's the two
franchises that are totally completely
different it can only be a stupid fanboy
wank we see the chess poster come out of
a Starfleet officer we see the chest
pose to come out of a Klingon look Betty
aliens got ridges on his head then they
shoot all the aliens cuz you can't
really do an interesting story about
aliens because they're just monster
they're animal they're animal monsters
and then this year don't they phaser
them all and they blow the ship up they
blow the ship they're on up and why I
don't give a shit
it's a stupid crossover idea please but
there are there aliens in Star Trek
meets alien so what so the fuck what
a great gazoo is an alien are we waiting
on that Flintstones Star Trek TNG
crossover yep yep still waiting on if
this day let's call Freddie Williams jr.
accuracy boost done boom yeah you know
in rereading the Batman versus Predator
book man that's super lame Batman versus
Predator yeah yeah I did not much care
for it though I did like the turtles
meets Batman book yeah bye mr. Freddie
will enjoy while you did the art I
thought that was fun that was a fun book
by the way what the alien with the
Klingon ridges is totally going to
happen
that's totally come on it'll come out of
a Klingon it'll come out of a Klingon I
don't have the Klingon bridges that'll
be the main one they have to stop
because it'll be visually distinct from
the others okay I like it
it'll be guarding the warp core that
they have to blow up on the ship that
got infested though that's not how the
alien works like it doesn't take on the
stupid crossover and they gotta have it
they gotta have a Klingon alien not an
alien with pointy hear know that they're
not gonna have a logical alien well but
what then they could get an alien on
their crew what if they got a logical
alien and a joined the enterprise to
fight the evil Klingon alien is this TNG
specifically that's what they said well
they're gonna have to introduce like a
Vulcan character so they could try and
mind meld with an alien say all it's
just consumed with hunger or something
like that yeah yeah
and then that bad Vulcan will be eaten
later like as an act right after it
tries the mind Berjaya do them won't
work I like it a Vulcan I wonder how
much I'm right already on CNG so someone
is sending me a link at this exact
moment
it's them fighting a Klingon it doesn't
have ridges
well okay give it time I don't know if
that's from the cow give it time one of
them is gonna get infected it's gonna be
an alien with ridges sure how or how
about a Borg assimilation of the aliens
no that's how it'll start here's here's
how it starts much like much like the
the crappy Voyager turn the the Borg
cannot assimilate the aliens because
they keep melting the parts they put in
them and so the the enterprise keeps
finding destroyed Borg
focuses all across the galaxy and they
investigate who is attacking the Borg
and they discover the aliens that's how
it starts you know if something's
attacking the Borg you just let that
shit happen
not my problem
no no Borg oh my god well oh well prime
directive nature take what write it up
Jack yeah that's how that's exactly how
it'll start listen you know what
possible
what possible creature in this universe
could give the bog off right number one
we must go investigate I don't know I
don't know if we're gonna see the board
got it I'm not predicting that you got
to hit the main players man you're doing
a crossover comic you gotta hit the main
players
when they finished fighting the bog
what's to stop them from attacking the
Federation boom movie starts right I
don't know I don't know I agree not sold
on that that's it
so like I what would happen is I would
be your I'd be your first mate right sir
we've we found all of these Borg
colonies completely ravaged by aliens
we must go investigate the threat
because once they get done attacking the
Borg that attack the Federation yeah and
you go nope just let them other finds
fuck'em look at the Borg can't handle
them what the fuck is the Federation
gonna do team up with the book what are
you captain janeway hmm right right
captain mole ah I think I want a ps4
just so I can play blood-borne but $300
is a steep price for essentially one
game any ps4 exclusives you could
recommend I could feel like I'm
absolutely not it's like I feel less
like I'm throwing my money absolutely
not
they don't exist well they're they're
about to get neat Oh as a ps4 exclusive
okay
we don't know yeah we don't know if
that's gonna be good but it looks
interesting
no as far as like just ps4 exclusives no
there's nothing I can recommend to you
what I can say is a lot of things that
are also available on Steam right now
are also on the ps4
so it has games to play you might have
already played them if there are if you
have steam in or if you have a nice
gaming computer but there's there's a
bunch of games that you can play with a
controller they can play on it how do I
get to those skirmishes I want to get to
the do just show me a skirmish I wanted
to ask rubbish you missed 2 exclusives
this month the Yakuza zero and gravity
rush to I you know what I didn't much
care for the graph the first gravity
rush game didn't much care for it why
should I be interested in either of
these things cuz I'm not familiar with
them that's not sarcastic that's so me
on this what is yeah kisses 0 and what
is what gravity rush
you know what that yeah cuz the games
are right I'm just zooming there's some
kind of Grand Theft Auto s could only
more serious yeah okay play Grand Theft
Auto 5 Gravity Rush is interesting it's
it's kind of a platformer kind of a sim
with some fighting mechanics and you
play as this person who like you know
kind of flies through cities using
different gravity fields I played the
first one a little bit and didn't much
care for it I hear though people really
like people very much like the series
so
yeah there it has exclusives none that
none that apparently rich and I care
about a whole lot but it also has a
bunch of games that are also on Steam
that you can get for the ps4 so you know
it's horse apiece man horse apiece the X
is zero is a beat them up in a small
open world with adventure elements and
wacky humor great
great in Yakuza zero you Club a guy with
a scooter to teach him about respect all
right that's great yeah because there's
more of a beat him up okay all right all
right these are great okay these are
good snows good to nose good - oh yeah
kiss is more like the shimmy a new Wii
games dulles I thought of beat him up
the blue blaze has speaking of the Star
Trek alien crossover why our merchandise
that combines two pop-culture references
and crossover so popular also Thank You
Jack for sparking my interest in buying
the printed tees because people like the
logos thing I know yeah remember this is
something I've always said about like
t-shirts or stuff like they were just
what you wear in general that's a flag
that you fly the prep the problem of
crossovers yeah is you devolve into the
fan service territory oh yeah like
that's the whole purpose of a crossover
yeah yeah yeah I don't think that's
necessarily a bad thing a fan a fan
service in and of itself is not
inherently bad Captain America's gotta
use a shield on the Superman heat being
yeah you have you know I mean that
that's probably a bad example but I mean
you do the obvious you do the obvious
fanboy things that you know you need to
see and I'm saying that's not inherently
bad if there's a fun story or an
interesting arc along with bits of
fanservice right but he was just talking
about down a t-shirt like this do you
think that dr. Doom's got five Darth
Vader could be that could be a good
fight yeah sure sure but I mean you do
the obvious you do the obvious fanboy
thing and the crossover event yeah you
could you could know what happens in a
crossover without having actually read
it
probably yes probably and why people
like the the crossover stuff on
merchandise is so you get two flags for
one buck you get two to nerd things on
your shirt and some people go and I know
nerd thing and that's great
Creek Silver's gonna race the flash with
a lightsaber be able to go through a
Borg shield yep yep agreed
ah green let's see here's Singh gag
somebody somebody sent us the green
lantern a Star Trek crossover
it was just a lot of fucking different
colored beams going all over the place
it was the dumbest thing as a green
lantern and it's just is it just that
dumb or was it just excessively poorly
written maybe a little bit of both you
know okay Kevin from home alone versus
the predator I love it I would watch
that I would watch that sing singing ACK
says she didn't see me the first time
hello Jessica it's me one of those guys
from those videos from those YouTube
videos you were forced to watch against
your will tiger misses you and sends his
cuddles via Packard Graham anonymous
says hey guys either of you watched
stars is Spartacus wonderful show highly
recommend if you haven't although much
like resident evil evil 7 it only gets
good 3 hours in thanks for the stream no
I have not seen Spartacus Richard seen
Spartacus
no good boom dumb loner arch on would it
be simpler if I just make a rule that
you don't take suggestions and
recommendations from the chat due to the
number of misses and the fact that the
fans don't know your preferences at the
end of the day rich and I will make the
decision what game we play and you know
so know we like we welcome suggestions
everyone should know by now that we
might not necessarily take your
suggestion but we we will make the
decision and you know sometimes we'll
feel like yeah we'll try this fucking
game that people ask us for and
sometimes we want
you know what's both cool and blame on
stars right now what is both cool and
lame on stars right now ash vs. Evil
Dead Season 2 do you want to talk about
that finally if you would like to I
finally I have finally watched all of
Ash's Evil Dead Season 2 and overall
great fucking season here's the thing
I'm basically done anyway yeah we're
getting set to spoil the fuck out of the
ash vs. Evil Dead Season 2 yeah if you
haven't seen a Evil Dead Season 2 in its
entirety and you intend to yeah good
night thank you for showing up we really
appreciate you can wear probably gonna
be done after that talk yeah
heads up heads up super spoilers
spoilers for ash vs. Evil Dead Season 2
coming up right about so what do you
think about the whole season as a whole
I liked it as a whole yeah me too
I liked it up until two episodes before
the end
well then I'm giving people a chance to
file out before I say where I think it
really goes off the rails two episodes
before the end is is the inside ashes
mind asylum episode no that's for yeah
oh the last two episodes were dedicated
to now if you didn't leave by now what's
your own damn fault yep the last two
episodes are when they traveled back to
the 1980 that's the opposite that's the
last two episodes or maybe is it just
the last one it might be the last one be
just the last one like they do they do
it and at the end of the second one so
the last tour is the last one no cos
thing no good they go back and then they
have the whole Henrietta and doctor oh
yeah yeah you're right you're right that
old Henry in fact that was its own
episode that could be a though yeah got
his frickin name no the doctor the
doctor had the neck crown originally
yeah Evil Dead and they go to the cabin
yeah before ash showed up originally
right
and then the episode after that was the
finale you know weird and unsatisfying
like what but the you could have ended
that season like at the end of the
insane asylum stuff sure with sounds
Pedro dies yeah yeah with him being dead
yeah it's kind of a cliffhanger yeah
that would that would have been rough
that would have worked that would have
been a rough cliffhanger but it would
have worked yes
so overall like everyone knows like my
feelings on season 1 were kind of
lukewarm I didn't really hit all the
right notes for me and I really didn't
like the ending doctor Nobby Thank You
Chet doctor Nobby but the season 2 I
thought every episode was just hit after
hit after hit especially like it was
only the second or third episode in and
heads ashes head gets shoved up a dead
guy's ass that was probably the best
Evil Dead moment like overall just a big
pierced dong dangling and Ash's face
some of the best TV I have watched a
hilarious hilarious gory gross stuff I
loved it I fucking loved all of it up
until the very you know what and I was
even down with going back in time
because you know way at the end Pedro
who is dead at the hand of Zul of Bill
at the hands of Bill comes back to life
for a moment to tell ash that he should
go back in time and just stop stop him
from getting the Necronomicon yeah and
then they go back in time because that's
something that he's done before which I
thought was hilarious yeah yeah we can
go back in time I've gone back to the
Middle Ages before just a flat-out
call-out to army army of Darkness
technically technically not to because
the end of evil then too he does go back
in time really technically really their
only referencing that so they can get
away with not having the army of
Darkness right sure okay you're right
and I was super excited about that they
go back but the end episode is where
everything
down the goddamn shitter they shit the
bed that what's what's the director's
name who directed fan fantastic uh Josh
Trank they josh trank tit
they absolutely shit the bed where
instead of the big confrontation that's
supposed to happen the big bloodbath
that is supposed to end any sort of Evil
Dead movie Ash decides to have a plane
no powers fistfight with the main bad
guy that was silly I didn't care much
for that didn't care much for that and
I'll bouquet hey you know what let's see
where this goes I'm still I'm still with
it at that point yep
then the end end like where are they
when are they is a I think they're
modern times how do they get back ash
wins the fight ash wins the fist fight
the house gets burned down all the bad
people go away
Pedro gets resurrected and apparently
they come back to the future even though
we never saw them come back to
present-day time and there is a giant
parade in honor of Ash the hero
even though going back in time means he
never got the Necronomicon or fought
evil in the first place yes yep so then
why is there a big parade for his honor
uh-huh then to get even more dumb Ash's
dad and other people show up as literal
goddamn force ghosts you you're that's
less confusing than his dad showing up
as a bathtub ghost that turns into a
chainsaw that made absolutely no sense
Pablo oh my god I'm so sorry I've been
calling him Pedro I'm so sorry his name
is Pablo Pablo Pablo
um that's true during the fistfight with
the ghost goblin -
dad shows up and magically turns into a
chainsaw for no apparent reasons a
parent spirit for no reason you could
tell me anything I haven't seen it well
this I'm we've we've given the heads up
we're doing ash forces yeah that's easy
we've said we're doing spoilers so if
you don't care like and I am trying for
those who just don't care about the
series in general I am trying to get
give some context you know of what's
actually happening but like all the
things I've described are incredibly out
of place not just in the Evil Dead
universe but in this new series and so
it's it was so confusing it was so
jarring the ending wasn't bloody the
ending wasn't silly like there wasn't
good silly you know like the ending was
just kind of blah and pointless and it
didn't make any sense and it was
confusing in a bad way yeah and a big
letdown just just a really big letdown
and you were saying that apparently
there's an interview out there with the
showrunner now former showroom now
former showrunner who did not get his
way for the finale and what did he want
to happen he wanted I know like I'm sure
if some of the cabin stuff would have
been different I think he wanted like
ash to meet up with old ash as he went
to the cabin for the first time
sure so they were gonna do something
with that yeah but the big one was Kelly
was gonna be Ash's daughter old ash was
gonna meet Kelly's mother at a bar in
the 80s and just bit like banger in the
bathroom
mm-hmm and then if that was gonna be now
can't leaves his daughter that would be
perfect yeah it would it would have
given Kelly a reason to actually be
around which it doesn't really have
honestly Pablo's got the whole hero
worship thing yeah Kelly somewhat less
motivation well her parents died
yeah and so like feet of evil and then
like why did she why was she hanging
around with him in in Jacksonville there
fighting demons then yeah I think would
give her a reason to be there but I
think that was actually a lot of this
season was like they spent a lot of time
on Kelly this season of just like why
are you following Ashe and her just
going I don't know it's just because
that's what I'm doing
uh-huh uh-huh and so like they were they
were starting to deal with that in this
new way of doing it they never ended up
dealing with why she was following ash
which yes oh if it found if we all found
out that she was ash his daughter that
would be great that would be great Pablo
Pablo Pablo and Kelly and yeah so the
show the original showrunner had some
really good ideas some ideas that would
have worked incredibly well and the
ending that they ended up with was
disappointing and it makes me very
worried about season three and
apparently these changes didn't come
from stars or didn't come from like the
bureaucrats who were putting the show
together it came from one of the
original producers of Evil Dead Rob
Shepherd Rob ever wanted the show to be
more serious he thought it was too silly
according to the showrunner who could
just be bitter that he got fired
uh-huh sire Lee possible we only have
one side of the story yeah but according
to him Rob Tapper fought against the
morgue scene because it was too silly
then we know who's in the wrong if that
story is true that story is true we know
exactly who's wrong because that morgue
seemed deserves an Oscar how can you
give it an Oscar all the Oscars it needs
more Oscars it needs all of the Oscars
Best Cinematography apparently the award
for Best Cinematography goes to not a
movie at all but this one scene in ash
vs. Evil Dead best musical score it goes
to actually something that's not a movie
or a musical it goes to the morgue scene
and ass vs. Evil Dead
rob tapper does not get evil that no
apparently he does not you know what he
does get Lucy Lawless heck of a
consolation but yeah he's fine he's fine
he's got Lucy Lawless but so yeah it's
it's very concerning about season three
of accuracy but you know we'll see
anything could happen maybe they'll come
to their senses we don't know I feel
like the morgue scene was just sort of
weekly gross like not Evil Dead grows
just like what's the grossest scene we
could do on a pay channels
I don't know fine it was extremely funny
in my opinion so it was incredibly funny
it was it was very gross yes but
incredibly funny ashes head literally
got shoved up a demons ass and because
that demon didn't have guts we got to
see the whole thing that was hilarious
and then after his head or while his
head was being shoved up a demons ass
the demons pierced dong kept knocking
him in the face that's hilarious
bruce campbell deserves an Oscar for
that scene that was great
disturbingly funny yes that's a great
way to put him it was fantastic he was
yeah and while the demon was shoving his
butt on top of his head he kept saying
not in the but not in the but not in the
button and it was great it was great it
was funny shocking and we're still
talking about it probably the best scene
but yeah
maybe maybe season 3 would be more
interesting if the Necronomicon ended up
in the hands of Pamela Voorhees what
they don't have the license to use
Friday the 13th characters I don't know
what you're getting at chat and I was
like oh yeah that could be funny didn't
they do that and one of the comic book
things I have no idea pretty sure they
did that I have no idea no Sam Raimi is
not dead I actually don't know what Sam
Raimi is doing at this point in his life
and it doesn't matter if he would have
approved or not he's not really working
on the show so the Oscar for the best
makeup effect goes to that song from the
morgue scene from Evil Dead iGrow min I
thought I thought rich would like that
joke he did not like the Pamela Voorhees
joke that's why I read say it again say
it again say it again let me let me
double-check the joke cuz I was kind of
playing the game that had an effect no
no it's fine you guys it's all done well
you might get something out of that by
the time Suicide Squad got Best Makeup
nomination really yeah yeah that's weird
so in any case I'm I'm really glad that
I did watch overall because I was even a
little wishy-washy on whether or not I'd
watch the season 2 because I was so if
he on season 1 but overall a great
season wanna you know they a great a
great episode of you know is ash going
crazy episode that was super fun there
was a puppet
there was a puppet rich
well we all like the puppet everyone
like the puppet everyone like the puppet
every like the puppet is good ash vs.
Evil Dead Season two super good
hey liking this I like it yeah yeah like
I said you know it's got nothing on XCOM
combat hate this yeah Jay is a twin
peaks' David on train I am a big Twin
Peaks fan I'm not necessarily a David
Lynch fan but I do love between Peaks I
have no feelings strongly about the new
series I refer to something Jay said
about it which is a reason to look
forward to it is because David Lynch is
doing it you know he doesn't give a fuck
about what other people say so he's
doing whatever he wants which is a
strong point I feel in the series but I
don't I don't necessarily I'm not
looking forward to it I'm not not
looking forward to it I will see you
when it comes out anonymous says
thoughts on the they live remake hasn't
aged well performance wise I think with
the excess of Technology and reptilian
conspiracies it could make for an
important campy film people will
actually watch and they live remake came
over me
you know what a little bit of this
I don't think the original is a perfect
movie by any means but yeah it doesn't
matter now the question with any remake
you know like is does it have a room for
improvement and it does could be fun
could not be could suck balls right my
comment about Pamela Voorhees earlier is
based on the fact that both the
Necronomicon and the dagger from the
Evil Dead films pop up in Jason goes to
hell
Oh Jason goes to hell that's oh god oh
god this probably shit happens the way
they live is indeed a perfect movie no
we're saying it's not a perfect movie
they live has some room for improvement
it's a great movie but it has room for
improvement
this that one you fuck has there been
any actually good remake Ocean's eleven
Ocean's eleven is a very good remake the
fly the fly is a very good remake if
you're asking about modern remakes
that's different it
rich name a good remake the thing the
thing is a good remake the the fly chant
thank you the mist the mist is a good
remake hello are they still doing ash
vs. Evil Dead suppose yeah it looks like
it sounds like we're kind of done
talking about ash where's the old dead
season 2 so you know you don't come back
some people like true grit items yeah
right
great I've done the thing alright you
did it think I kind of like it honestly
that's great that's great rich rich
likes it
hey you guys rich likes anime now send
them up send rich all your anime
suggestions and he'll watch all the
anime now because he likes anime Jack
don't you dare don't you fucking dare
hmm
hey rich you should watch the anime
based on this ha Sandridge all your
anime suggestions now he's super into
anime he's good where he's gonna go
watch the visual novel of panty party
now don't do it no wait what do you play
as a pair of panties what I feel
justified in anything I ever said about
anime what everything I have ever said
you you play as a pair of panties
okay you go to you go to the store play
a page for a second it's very positive
it's very positive for all reviews is a
fast-paced battle game fly as a panty in
the street and in between buildings
search for enemy panties and kick their
bad heart heart heart now I feel less
dirty and more confused I thought I knew
him I'm gonna be I'm gonna be honest
with you I thought I knew what that game
was about but knowing that you play as a
flying pair of panties oh just be a fine
place down the stream but we need to
read them we were it's good that we read
the names maybe after Wednesday's
playthrough of panty party I would not
count on that we will descend I would
not count on that I will fight you
tooth-and-nail dog hey this is the point
in the stream where we thank all the
people who subscribe to us during the
stream like dr. guter hooter hanker who
has subscribed to us for 15 months in a
row and dr. Gunn guter hooter hangar
says is just a drop in the bucket but
I'm happy to drip in your bucket
please don't make that sound ie it's too
late Godfather footed or twenty four
fucking months in a row says three years
of a support than your gun billing habit
yeah that's more that's more like
Italian pizza that was like a gross
margin mobsters Mario did Mario yeah
if with you if once you get the faith
right everything else comes in
everything else Korean overcome you said
Godfather I'd look like this George
Lucas you need to look at some point
this you have a lot of it with you go v
s/s white slavers he took Star Wars away
from me even though I accepted four
million dollars get your tongue in
between your teeth like this that's it
boom buddy Liberty Panther we're next
three and we're gonna pray the PNG party
no we're not hey this time it's lupus
for 15 months in a row and this lupus
says Jesus Christ that's longer than
I've held a job since college and boron
ah pair of paradigms this is not a pair
of patties here Arjun sinks because then
you have a party your origin Six's
thanks as always for the hours of
entertainment keep it up and shoot dima
doopty doctor smoke trees rich you don't
know a damn thing about democracy if
your own grayton sorry doctor your smoke
trees we appreciate the subscription
we're not doing politics at the moment
thank you
be smart about your protesting is all I
have said TC Brady 133 says I just shit
in my red letter media goodie bag I've
ruined my Colin bobblehead ja Geno suave
says thanks for everything you hack
frauds a Michele 87 29 fucking months in
a row star Horrible's 20 fucking months
in a row Barbie Barbie mcq Marin rec
time
I last 1984 slash s 20 fucking months in
a row lego face cam 1 669 plunge 87
think usury name 27 fucking months in a
row user rename says sorry missed a few
weeks catching up with a show slash went
to our fourth beef fest in a row the
films were all awful the crowd none too
docile always good to visit Chicago I
heard I heard it was a little bee Fest
this year according to according to Jay
and Josh started really strong but ended
very poorly I will never go to a be fest
it's it's wrong it's awful it's fun but
apparently they ended it with a showing
of they live and they said seeing they
live in a theater with a big crowd of
people was the greatest yep
where were we cubic Santa gak visceral
attacks on stairs says I accidentally
forgot to cancel my subscription for the
seventh time in a row it's crazy
visceral it's crazy DeLorean for me
space como 429 fucking months in a row I
just wanted to say to both of you hello
tyreq the ancient 13 months in a row
deaths G Lucas Ducas 16 months in a row
come tram mundus 17 months in a row rich
I'm sorry chat was a shit
I actually liked this game and wanted
the volume up
the off switch 13 months in roses 13
months and yet see you fucks save a game
from how do you manage to dress yourself
in the morning I sometimes it's
sometimes I leave the house you know
wearing very strange things
brioche TV well Asturias says I was
going back to the police quest stream
and it counted that lovely lovely moment
with sunny buns the most manly cotton
linter walk straight into the river and
drowned arms flailing riches laughter
was strong keep it up frauds a crocodile
brain for 27 fucking months in a row
crocodile brain says Wow 27 months so
many memorable streams FTL co-op octo
dead Issac and hoping for him anymore
lol press x2 which way should I go now
you fucks fleshy patch 28 fucking months
and a roses no breakfast cereal will
ever be better than Cap'n Crunch yeah
like like Apple Jacks or Frankenberry oh
wait those are both better than generic
ass fucking Captain Crunch wow I didn't
know you had such strong opinions on
breakfast cereals this is this changes
the game right here Lando was taken for
28 fucking months in a row we hear we
hear you laugh that was taken we hear
you I hear you
desperate haven't talked about it weird
I said we weren't gonna talk about
necessarily blame ug I said we weren't
gonna talk well we're not talking about
it we're getting people to break Sagan
twelve twenty twenty four fucking months
in a row cool trainer la Hendy says so
tired of haters on YouTube
blaming rich for for hating JRPGs it
wasn't his fault that JRPGs suck nice
nice sane like that wasn't mad at all
what they were talking about they were
talking about he blade they all blame
rich for our JRPGs being bad yeah that's
when they blame me for person crazy
see it couldn't possibly be the JRPGs
own fault for running Hilary rich then
let's talk about about it
neurotic Ryan from em I says lol Leonard
my meme oi give us moon seventeen months
in a row our Bert 3p poop dick 5079 just
can't believe I missed the stream
tonight working on Sunday is the worst
lol why Whitter joy fully sad El Pollo
Diablo says 6 5 7 El Pollo Diablo six
five seven bad numbers yep
well you Damn Yankees butcher my name
again I think you did our I need to find
el pollo chicken el pollo el pollo the
chicken and and this Diablo devil the
devil the chicken devil I know your
fucking name means jackass doesn't mean
the devil chicken good night
