Episode 722
SuperBowl Punday... there will be no puns (Part 1)
February 19, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=juxUmoSYFx0
___________________________________________

we're streaming hello everyone Jack with
hair looks weird thank you
thud you V har lack is now playing panty
party we we we we got panty party you
maniacs you know that we thought we'd
play a panty party and all of a sudden
rich hands me the keyboard and mouse and
he had he had logged out of steam for
some reason and so I needed to login if
we were gonna play this game which is
weird you know that's really weird rich
you know I don't know how that happened
but you ought to be ashamed of yourself
take a look at what game we're playing
right now we got to be ashamed of
ourselves who's watching this shit right
so here's the important question rich a
spoiler alert for everyone watching we
did film a little bit of us playing this
game do we want to start from the
beginning so people can get the story I
think for this you almost have to I
refuse to do voices and so much shaming
me right now great and great yeah I
guess we'll start we'll start over Oh
grab my here gonna have a sip of coffee
it's an early stream it is it is 1:30 in
the afternoon for us rich you rolled out
of bed and came here I got have a noon
for this shit could you believe hmm so I
need a little coffee before we get
really rolling knee-deep in yeah you
need to because this story has a it's
really complicated lore and backstory
and the characters have you know a lot
of depth and it's gonna be great
actually you know what's something I
want to mention before yeah before we
get deep - before we sail ourselves with
with shame shame speaking about the the
episode that went up the yeah yeah the
abstracts motrin episode a lot of people
were mentioning that many games do have
developer commentaries we were talking
about like oh this is kind of
interactive that yeah we and you know we
did mention that but I cut it out of the
episode because I thought it was
redundant yeah we did talk about you
know like half-life has a great one Team
Fortress 2 has a great one lots of
developers and actually I recently got
the flame in the flood for ps4 mm-hmm
actually a PR firm sent me a free code
like hey we saw you stream to this game
here's a code for another copy of this
game which makes no sense to me in a
public relations standpoint mm-hmm but
whatever but the ps4 version of the
flame of flood comes with developer
commentary okay and I really liked that
game so I was like oh this is gonna be
great but once again they make you play
through the game in order to get to the
document you say make you as if playing
the game is horrible but I think I think
the point is you might just want to
listen well it's a timed survival game
like if you stand around oh if you stand
around you get hungry you get thirsty
but you want to stand around and listen
to the commentary and seriously think to
like
like whatever like like portal having a
commentary yeah it's like a commentary
track like a commentary track yeah
the beginner's guide the way that starts
off it's actually different it's not
like a commentary track actually I would
say it's done in the style of a
documentary yes well here's the game I
made and and then like the screen would
change and this is the prototype of the
level you saw here and you can look
around if you walk back there you can
see this is not yeah it's it's it we
decided it's that change that instead
for this what you're playing now is
actually an early version of the gun
plays you can see the reloading speeds
are different yellow right right like
that like the example that I used in the
episode where it's like you die and he's
like well here's what probably should
have happened in the game but now go do
it again and see what happens where it's
it's a game play with edits like it
edits and starts you in a new place
which is why I'm I was really happy with
that but in any case I was really happy
with the developer commentary of the
flame in the flood but I didn't listen
to all of it because I didn't want to
keep playing the game like I already
beat the game and I wasn't really
interested in playing again but I would
love just a hey look at you know redo
this part of the level and I'll talk and
then I'll take you to the next part of
the level so Valkyrie valkia
Chronicles has made it rich a full on
weibo I think it's what the term weeb
weeb oh no they smell like I don't I
don't know I don't know okay fuck I
played a little bit more of Valkyria
Chronicles Evan yeah it's sorry bullshit
is starting to creep in is it
distractingly creeping in the main
carrying silly y'all he's looking at the
bug it stead of talking to the pretty
girl and you're just done I'm not done
because I like turn-based strategy look
look ultimately I'm there for the
gameplay right yes it's a half-decent
turn-based strategy game it's not the
best I don't know that I'm gonna finish
it okay but so the anime isn't
distracting enough from the
gameplay no okay well that's good to
know
all right we're starting here episode
zero the warrior of love everybody ready
for panty party oh that's right we got
it do we remember the difference between
the pay you can choose your panty you
can choose your type of panty I think I
remember the the dot panty well if
you're starting off start with their
fall well sure
start with a default panties yeah you're
right you're right it's fully voiced we
don't have to read any of it oh well
voice in Japanese but you can read it
although it's all in English
did you did everyone watch Saturday
Night Live last night did you watch that
dude no that's next week this was uh
this was a Kristen Stewart yeah but they
had one of the best fake commercials
I've seen in a long time for Totino's
pizza rolls oh yeah it was super
hilarious I highly recommend it I won't
i won't give too much away but it was a
fake commercial for Totino's pizza rolls
and cool cool and it was it it was quite
delightful the whole actually the entire
episode was fairly funny and I wish I'm
shocked
they had a great Melissa McCarthy came
on to be Sean Spicer the the White House
press secretary and a must watch as far
as I'm concerned hilarious I'm talking
about comedy show I'm just talking about
them talking about politics we're not
talking about politics
is everyone paying attention to the lure
of a flying talking pair of panties has
has been talking to this girl that's it
that's the lure that's all but uh it was
pretty funny I was actually you know
like usually will stay for like the cold
open like Lisa and I will watch the cold
open then go to bed but everything was
funny enough that it kept us interested
except for Kristen Stewart who is a
charisma vacuum she cannot do comedy to
save her life she's famous and she's
famous she did cuss during her opening
which was great and she said fucking
live on television really she did and
and she was just like well I guess I'm
never coming back again no thanks for
having me like during her opening
monologue which was great so we is
something I would do what it's just
right and I'm sure that's what happened
to her but but she was in Twilight yeah
she wasn't tired okay so now so the girl
has transformed into a pair of panties
and that's this right in here and you
can move around and and and jump and
press - and that's the game and then
here's a bad pair of panties and when
the crosshair turns red you can hit them
with your panty sword I don't know what
this is exactly that's a pant Arang is
that the so you throw it like a boring
oh yeah we have other weapons we can use
too
focus that yeah I'm trying I'm trying to
focus on the extreme panty gameplay but
uh you know so you know it's it's a it's
a shoot-'em-up Jack your your passion
meter is full oh did I need to use my
passion meter I don't know I'm just
pointing out that your passion meter is
that's right a flashing red
if you beat enough enemies you can enter
passion mode which I think makes things
more powerful I don't actually know how
am I going to delete how am I going to
explain this to Karin I'm going to
delete this when we're done oh the whole
stream will stream that's some serious
panty physics right and that's it that's
the that's the bit that's the whole game
that's it more coffee
I started importing the footage from
when we played this earlier and suddenly
my kids came into the room and it's very
it's very rare that I ever have to like
shoo them out of my office because you
know like they cuss now and so like I
don't need to worry about like swearing
they've entered cussing phase but uh you
know like I did not want them to see any
of this footage yeah I don't blame you
so now the girl is mad because she
turned into a pair of panties and she's
now she's yelling at the other pair of
panties that's how the game works
all right episode 2 gobbledygook says
riddle me this
mmm why is a raven like a writing-desk
give up because it can produce a few
notes though they are very flat and it
is never put with the wrong end in front
get it never bah
I don't get it why is a raven like a
writing-desk I've heard that okay fades
Cape says hey guys if you heard about ya
coozes zero yet it's like a lineup of
action movies from best of the worst
made into a video game
with fun gameplay to boot have a good
Sunday I've heard about her people keep
mentioning it it's a very I don't know
what you know what his problem is
the name Yakuza zero it sounds like a
boring thing it does well the Yakuza
series has has been like well regarded
but kind of like yeah it's fine it's
good game you know it hasn't nothing's
been that I've never really heard of it
you've never heard of the Yakuza series
Willy under my radar oh I've always
heard of it but everyone's like yeah
that's a good game man whatever they've
never they've never been like you need
to play yakuza a few people talking
about it maybe we should stream it
sometime
sure is it is Cuza zero this is a
question for the chat is that a ps4
exclusive or is it also on PC the other
day we were talking about PlayStation 4
exclusive and the chat fell off because
zeros I'm going to presume but okay I
know a lot of times on this call things
console it's exposed right right it's a
console space PC doesn't count in their
brains which is weird
I finally did just yesterday
I got you know got some with the episode
so I had some free time and I I've set
my xbox one back to factory defaults
cancelled my xbox live subscription yeah
have it all packed up ready to go back
to game stuff ok pretty excited about
that this thing has been a lump on my
office ever since I played Gears of War
I haven't touched it since Gears yeah
yeah
when was the Gears of War episode three
months ago there's not an especially
great reason to own one there's no
reason to own one
anything that you can play on the Xbox
you can also play on Windows and the
Xbox one you don't have to buy you know
in fact someone someone has pointed out
there is a you you had talked about this
last dream about like a cheap PC yeah
and you know what you can do on a cheap
you see there are several youtube
channels dedicated to benchmarking games
using $400 pcs $300 pcs $500 pcs they go
through all the stats yeah yeah look it
up you can play games at console levels
with a $400 PC easy and you can play
more games because the ICCA's pcs have
more games
hopefully you guys are enjoying all this
story so the girl is the warrior of love
and that's what makes her turn into
panties you see and the bad panties are
trying to mind-control all of the humans
to love panties to love panties but only
their panties and the warrior of love
loves all panties you see rich that's
the story to the game just I just want
it you know because I don't want people
to think that we're skipping over story
like you guys always skip over the story
and then say that it's not a good story
so you know
none of us says don't worry guys the
studio that made this is based in Taiwan
not Japan this doesn't have to affect
your burning love for anime since it's
vacant oh good oh good I was I was in
fact super worried about about my
burning love for anime thank you madam
says here is a link to the instructions
for how to permanently remove games from
Steam just in case you happen to need it
just in case we're super embarrassed to
have this in our library you know what
thanks I appreciate that I really
appreciate that
renegade Kira says rich now that you
officially love anime you've got a watch
sword art online it has tentacle porn
incest a harem of underage girls and vr
gaming you won't love it it's just like
Helldivers anime can I say I'm super
happy that that's the new meme that just
like Helldivers that just that fills me
with joy it's just like Helldivers
Tiberius Kirk as far as we know as far
as all that rich and I played this is
all the gameplay you're in an arena
there's panties you fight the panties
that's it but maybe I don't know maybe
we get to a point right
what are we going to have a Jesus Christ
shut up already
I ate a laksa stream that's a food and
there's apparently it's a very good food
that I would enjoy and someone has
recommended lots of restaurants and I
haven't gotten around to it so sorry
sorry not sorry I'm gonna I'm gonna
officially have to say I think Jesus
Christ shut up already was a bad idea
oh I think they're fun maybe more far
more sporadically I'm so sick of the
negativity it's what you let into your
heart rich you got you can't let it get
you and can't let it get you down
that's what I have fun jet that's what
we're here for rich we're all here to
help why we're playing panty that's why
we're playing panting party because it's
a very silly game about panties Steve
Martin Bill Murray they're both very fun
choices but I think I go with Bill
Murray
just in general Steve Martin yeah
absolutely
I want I want you to think of everything
Bill Murray has contributed to the world
and everything Steve Martin has
contributed to the world okay
Steve Martin wins hands down
Ghostbusters and Groundhog's Day alone
mm-hmm put Bill Murray up there and I
personally me personally screwed is one
of my favorite personnel Scrooged is
great not to mention all the work Bill
Murray has done on the Wes Anderson
films he's great I think Steve Martin
still hasn't beat does Steve Martin have
anything that even approaches a
ghostbusters around Hogg day I'm not
saying he doesn't I'm just trying to
analyze this three meiko's the jerk
Roxane goes planes trains and
automobiles
okay okay not a movie hate not to
mention all of his stand-up work okay
all the books he's written all the
movies he's directed dirty rotten
scoundrels yes ooh
dirty rotten scoundrels that's a that's
a fine example Roxanne I don't know if
you heard that one but that's a great
movie I wasn't saying Little Shop of
Horrors but that was also Bill Murray
mm-hmm
they share credit for that one that
counts as both of them those see Martin
the I'll grant you that doesn't really
count
I I I don't know I kind of appreciate
like the whole real true life Bill
Murray stories the crashing people's
parties yeah that stuff is fun i I think
that all that stuff is is off put by the
amount of stuff that Steve Martin has
done so this is the classic quality
versus quantity clash but that's not to
say our stuff is bad it's not quality
you know what yeah this is the classic
quality versus quantity yeah yeah but
like you know his books alone Steve
Martin writes amazing books yeah there's
a short novel called to the story you're
right well I'm making sure people can
read it there's a there's an amazing
short novel called the pleasure of my
company uh-huh that is really great I
don't know if you've read or saw a
shopgirl but interesting that one's
probably not up your alley but the
pleasure of my company is an amazing
little novel and then like not to
mention his entire work as a musician
like the the man has put out so many
bluegrass country also has no idea he
did music oh really yeah
no what's his the canyon the dirty
Canyon riders or something like that he
has a band and he just goes on tour with
his country band because that's what he
does he does everything we can't listen
to you guys and read this with any
attention oh man I'm so sorry guys
oh you gave me the opportunity to get
that's fine okay so now I just want to
get a taste
yeah of what panty party has to offer I
just want to end a narrative perspective
Jack oh sure and I want to let you guys
know that right now I'm playing with the
Polka Dot panties and/or the dot panties
which are different you know like they
have a different power set so you know
don't get don't get confused don't get
confused by all the different stuff I
hate it makes noise it makes
slightly suggestive noises when you hit
the passion button and it makes me feel
dirty and creepy every every day every
single day every single time yes
how did this game even get on our radar
um one stream we were looking for a new
game play we just went to steam and we
looked at new releases popular popular
new releases and this came up this was
it was right there about five four four
selections under love ribbon yes and
love ribbon you know we also thought
about playing but love ribbon was more
of a of a visual novel so we decided
against it a lesbian incest anime visual
novel a lesbian incest anime visual
novel after everyone says you know not
all anime is like that but then you have
panty party but then you have panty
party look I gotta come down hard on
anime because then I gotta listen to
every stream some jerks Justin asking me
how I feel about Naruto right whatever
and I don't need that shit Jack I don't
need that shit my life absolutely not to
him grow
ignoring all the weird preferred anime
shit how is the gameplay in terms of
quality it's super boring it's super
boring and repetitive you know it's
better than fire watch settle down how
does it compare to let it die
oh very actually very similar where it's
like the there there's a semblance of
good gameplay here first quality not
style oh yeah a quality not size you
know they're obviously the very
different styles of game but there there
is the bare-bones of something that
could be really interesting and it just
turns out to be super repetitive and and
and it gets old
it gets old real fast we're not
necessarily going to play this all day
no we just wanted to wanted to give you
guys a little taste little sniff little
peek at the panty party
what about la story I like it I got my
story I'm like I'm well I never said
Steve Martin has made terrible movies
anything he made comes that close to the
greatest of the Bill Murray movies
mmm not that Bill Murray has invented
stinkers himself he's been in plenty oh
sure sure but I mean listen ghostbusters
he's got girls hey I know he's got
ghostbusters
he's got he's got Groundhog Day you got
Groundhog Day he's got Scrooged he's got
the Royal Tenenbaums which he's great in
he's got The Life Aquatic Rushmore he
has so many movies that he's great in
yeah and you know and those hurt sure
Caddyshack
you know like here I guess here's my
counter argument to Bill Murray yeah if
I'm gonna make one Bill Murray is not
necessarily the thing that made the
thing he was in great ghostbusters he's
a very large part of those very large
part of ghostbusters but that was a
collaborative effort the the push and
pull of Groundhog Day is I think what
makes it great it's a concept more so
than Bill Murray doing a spectacular
comic acting job right well but you know
he like remember he he wanted it to be
like super dark right and oh yeah oh
yeah and you know like there all right
let's why not have to be light be light
and you can sense that push and pull and
I think that's what elevates the movie
I'll agree with that and agree with that
and so you know it's but the things that
Steve Martin does like solo are amazing
what about Bob yes what about Bob oh you
know I think there's not a lot there's
not enough love for what about Bob no
there isn't
there is not there's not enough love for
what about Bob I like that movie
baby steps to what am i bothering you
need to take baby steps - what about Bob
richard dreyfuss might be the world's
greatest straight man that was right
before he fell off the face of the earth
right well he like after that he went on
to do kind of like schmaltzy Oscar bait
yeah he was still working after that
it's just nothing nothing has any haven
decades probably 20 years yeah I think
he's still doing stuff yeah I don't know
but I don't know but what about Bob is
great so now by the way so us who's
playing as the girl who turns into a
pair of panties is going to fight the
evil panties that are turning all the
panties bad now we have to meet another
pair of panties to convince them that
we're cool so they'll fight on our side
against the other evil Panthers in it so
here's cool kuma panty I just want you
to make sure that you guys understand
the story the Steep Canyon Rangers
that's what it is that thank you that's
the name of his his bluegrass country
band the Steep Canyon Rangers the odd
thing about Richard Dreyfuss to me hmm
he wasn't in like one or two things he
was in a lot of things Richard Dreyfuss
was all over the fucking place
and then like suddenly he wasn't yeah I
wonder if it was a semi-retirement or a
Rick Moranis situation where you know
the family member got no but yeah the
the pairing of Bill Murray and Richard
Dreyfuss is was great casting it was
great casting go watch what about Bob
honestly I like every sometimes like
I'll talk to people about what about Bob
and they they will be they will have
never heard of it
you are crazy person what about Bob is
great for movie dicks it's not really
you know certainly not a bad movie it's
a great movie but it's underappreciated
movie dick I should do what about Bob
if you saw there would be dicks I'm
pretty sure you do I think if rich and I
were to ever do a review it would be
about what about you want to do okay
we'll talk to Jay Bob hm 94 nine nine
one says hey guys thanks for providing
my masturbation material form okay great
thanks for inviting my masturbation
material for the day the Super Bowl is
hard to get off - uh-huh
muscular men jumping around yeah really
I mean try harder man half of the guy
says Bill Murray is the Batman of comedy
Steve Martin is the Joker of comedy both
crazy one seriously and one not so much
speaking of you only play both in DC
Universe Online it's free I didn't bring
the ps4 well I'll bring the ps4 again
and well you know we'll do a Yakuza 0
and a DC Universe Online am I wrong
but before Batman with this fucking name
suddenly wasn't gonna be Bill Murray cuz
that was still when Batman was seen as
camping because of Batman 66 were they
talking about doing a Batman movie with
Bill Murray I have no idea I somewhere
in my brain this is a familiar thing you
know Bill Murray was in talks to be
Batman I guess it wouldn't submit it
would surprise me I've never heard of
this and that would be surprising oh God
here's the question yeah what Bill
Murray be terrible that's Batman that's
Batman yes okay
oh fuck you know what Bill Murray movie
I'm forgetting about that's a great
movie that's just a great like general
good movie is quick change and that's
Bill Murray directed to yes quick
changes movie that's us I didn't bring
it up because everyone's gonna be
talking about I love quick change well
and that shows off his skill as more
than just an actor because he directed
it actually
so no quick chant you know what I mean I
still don't think he he goes up to Steve
Martin standard but okay but I think
that gives him points quick change is
great everybody needs to watch quick
change that's a rule that's a rule here
watch quick change Randy Quaid Geena
Davis Bill Murray
that old guy that I've seen in something
you know that old guy
the blue blaze says I wake up at 2:30 in
the afternoon to see this of all things
being streamed on prereq yep
this is why I'm subbed keep up the good
work
beside question what the fuck is wrong
with you that's a fair question that is
a fair fair question man many things
many things is the answer
best Earl Ramos directed movies directed
yeah vacation he directed vacation thank
you I think you did I'm still giving it
to round wad day for best children this
movie though I need some more help
Raymond I know I know
chat what stop the good Harold way image
me bring this movies did he direct
Caddyshack or did he write catch I could
be wrong was it
Harold's a directed Caddyshack look at
it's pretty good then I thought I
thought that was where he met Ivan
Reitman maybe Ivan revin produced maybe
maybe like did he do well Animal House
I'm thinking of animal house that was
the one that Ivan Raven directed ok
Harold did Harold Ramis do like stripes
and meatballs or stripes him satsang
stripes oh yeah ok yeah he did stripes
which is pretty good
Caddyshack reitman is you've got to see
you look at you you chat you are a
terrible chat reitman director
Caddyshack ok ready
Caddyshack is a fine movie yeah fine
movie I'm putting Groundhog Day about
absolutely no way we're skipping all
this because you guys aren't putting
attention to the story anyway
so right here by the way I wanted to
show you this right here when rich and I
were playing it and the little girl
shows up in the panty video game is
exactly when rich and I said nope
done not doing this anymore
do you uuuu anime people you have to you
have to accept that this is part of it
and it's it's a bad part of it jack
not all anime fans not always - tag not
all anime fans right
but yeah you know you hopefully you're
seeing all this gameplay so far all this
pulse-pounding I remember we had a long
discussion about whether or not this is
intended asperity or whether or not
their brain serious right
indistinguishable from parody yeah
and I'm voting on the not I'm voting on
the I'm only joking until you say yes
rule well so you know it's like like oh
yeah it's totally parody unless you
don't want it to be so but it's totally
parody unless you're into that are you
into then Jeff I don't know how much
longer we're gonna trying this godlike
access seriously series 84 the Batman
script meant for Bill Murray as Batman
and possibly Steve Martin or Robin
Williams question mark as the Joker
really would have changed our culture
and some strange butterfly effect yeah
before before 89 as far as the general
public was concerned Batman was camp
yeah
Batman was Adam West running around at a
bright blue polyester costume that was
Batman Dark Knight that came out in 84
that's Dark Knight Returns but um yeah
that's what started changing around the
view of Batman it didn't originate dark
Batman but I would give it a lot of
credit for popularizing darker Batman
the original original Batman would
murder people original 1930s Batman was
very like shadow ask great poem oh yeah
I'm not down on my Batman history he
would flat-out murder people with a gun
oh yeah the earliest earliest issue
interesting I died I died I'm very sorry
you should be one you should be he had a
gun
exclamation point yes yes original
original like first year of comics
Batman had a gun
so like the Detective Comics Batman Mike
back back back that was still Detective
Comics well before they just turn into
Batman comics they think it's still
called Detective Comics just like
Detective Comics and then also what
Batman kind of fish to I know these well
like them yeah when I was still reading
Detective Comics was still around
called Detective Comics really yeah that
but that only did Batman or did Batman
how strange they just never changed the
name Batman took over the book and they
never changed the name really just want
you guys to hear how often they reuse
this loop
Hear that loop?
It comes up again.
Isn't that infuriating?
You're supposed to hit the
yeah you know we're gonna skip
ahead we're gonna skip ahead to uh it's
a sailor panty
kesje? I don't know how to pronounce that.
Kesje, Kesjee?
okay
Kesjee.
Hi, guys.
Hi, Kesjee.
Have you tried Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri planetary pack I sent you?
turn-based strategy from some of the
craters of XCOM with some nice sci-fi
elements stroke my panty filler
I've got about 8,000 games that I have
been sent and it's it's I'm glad you
want to send me games but I'm not
necessarily going to get around them all
it's the curse
it's the it's the it's the gift and the
curse rich
we are very happy to get all the gifts
of games and we're very happy that you
guys want us to play games but sometimes
they just get buried in the pile and you
know and when you have a lot of games
like it's easier just to pick out like a
shorter action rather than like a really
deep strategy game I got somebody to get
through I'm gonna get oh yeah
terrible terrible problem to have it's a
terrible terrible problem like the next
game I want to get into is Deus Ex Human
Revolution which has been on my back
burner for a while
whoa whoa and I streams a little bit one
anonymous says Chevy Chase or Dan
Aykroyd dan Aykroyd every day of the
week uh yeah Chevy Chase does not even
come close
vacation was the closest he got and I
would still take Dan Aykroyd over Chevy Chase.
Like, easiest decision I've ever had to make.
yeah yeah not even not even thinking
about him and you know dang dan Aykroyd
is a crazy man I love Dan Aykroyd he's a
crazy man
well sure yeah I know he's a crazy man
that's fun but actually is fun but
outside of that that kind of like
deadpan when he thought he could deliver
like technical jargon yeah whores me
every time he doesn't
he's a fucking loser brother yes yes
zantac right is a fucking blues brother
neighbors I think is an underrated movie
yeah yeah yeah that that's the movie
with him and John Belushi really kind of
switched personas mmm we're jumble
neighbors is a movie where John Belushi
plays the straight man and Dan Aykroyd
plays the crazy neighbor
yeah dan Aykroyd is great he's just a
crazy man
that's fine that's fun too when its own
way really Chevy Chase also is
responsible for for ruining flesh in my
book and I know like a lot of people
really like Chevy Chase's Fletch and I
just will not forgive him for completely
ruining a really great book Chevy Chase
had said in that live first season and
he wasn't the best part we got a choice
which people did I I don't understand -
I don't understand why people like full
I mean I didn't much care for Fletch and
compared to the book it is hot garbage I
haven't seen flush yeah okay
no it's fair
other than other than Fletch and
vacation he was he starred in like a
series of failed comedies yep nothing
but trouble
ah which it has so prominently features
dan Aykroyd and I I need to rewatch that
also those leave that it's kind of
spectacularly weird oh it is it's
beautiful also written by Dan Aykroyd I
want to say you know what yeah that
movie finally makes sense
honestly that movie finally makes sense
now that you mentioned that funny firm
yeah right funny firms alright there's
not mind-blowing not mine boy yeah it's
not not mind-blowing Chevy Chase was in
Caddyshack but so were a shitload of
other people I don't I don't know that
Chevy Chase was the key to Caddyshack
success I'm gonna put that on Rodney
Dangerfield you know what he was a good
part of Caddyshack Chevy Chase Chevy
Chase okay
might have been one of his one of his
better roles sorry maybe maybe I'm
underrating Chevy Chase able still take
dinner absolute Ono absolutely i Chevy
Chase his Peaks aren't that high but he
has some I know a lot of people really
liked him in the community in which I
didn't really watch but up what she
stormed off of because he's an
egocentric prick yep yep but uh no he's
way too dan Aykroyd also directs nothing
but trouble is that what I saw
once again this is shit
nothing nothing but trouble is worth a
watch it really is it's well it's worth
a watch because of the sheer amount of
star power dan Aykroyd Chevy Chase Demi
Moore who else is in that Oh John Candy
is in it
even you know what I'm not even gonna
say it's bad it's it's weird to the
point of shocking your brain though it's
um you know what it is it's a hidden
sci-fi movie there isn't there is more
world building in nothing but trouble
then there is in rogue one like we have
a clearer sense of this universe that
they are in trouble and then and then
I'll do I'll do a reading of the book
flesh and how about a quick change and
quick oh they go quick change nothing
but trouble and what about Bob yeah
that's a great movie dicks Oh God skip
who cares about Demi Moore Oh was she
hot back in the day
I'm who cares about Demi Moore she was
in everything she's a mega celebrity she
was a huge star in the day back in the
day so you settled the right down you
said I'll write the heck down good
sidious says hey guys first time I've
been able to watch life living in the UK
and all since we're doing actor fights
actor fights do you prefer Dan Aykroyd
or John Candy I'm all about the candy
lol link my crank dan Aykroyd I'll take
that egg right over John Candy why oh I
don't hate him I don't think I don't
like John Candy's that funny oh you know
what he's not that funny I'll give you
that yeah he's an everyman yeah he's the
EMV everyman his little role in home
alone is the fucking heart of that movie
I bet a long times I've seen home alone
yeah
he has a super small part in home alone
where he remember the moms trying to get
home and she gets to like where does she
get she gets like Indiana but can't get
a flight to Chicago and he and he plays
in a polka band or something and he's
like hey you can you can come in our
polka van and they have he has a small
scene with Catherine O'Hara all right
he's the goddamn heart of them the great
outdoors remember that with Dan Aykroyd
with Dan Aykroyd again planes trains and
automobiles and Dan Aykroyd is better in
the great outdoors but once again John
Candy is playing the straight man oh
yeah buddy but that I think that's the
thing is his his playing of the everyman
is what makes a lot of those movies what
was the what was the one where he like
built on poke someone's gonna remember
that REE it's like he was in a boat race
or cement summer rental thank you that's
a great one Uncle Buck yeah fuckin Uncle
Buck yeah once again all these people
we've mentioned letters my hate yeah
yeah except for possibly change you
don't hate tivity Chevy Chase's lows are
awful though his bad movies are
this pair of panties is really kicking
my ass
lol fuck my cock says Jack yep I think
the joke might be over thank you
can you not see riches and pain I know
rich is in pain but you know I'm like
I'm ready to move on when you are great
I'm you know I'm just I'm just I'm
trying here I'm trying to you know I
know but I think this is a joke we all
get great I'm happy that we all get it
I'd like to be this pair of panties just
because you know we're here and we're
fighting did I win no did you really
just say that
yeah yeah you know with this whole
stream we've been talking panties rich
this whole stream so much Chevy Chase
and Jonathan Taylor Thomas oh I don't
know says Mike Myers who Dana Carvey PS
thanks for streaming early for us
Eurotrash Mike Mike Myers or Dana Carvey
my klaris Mike Mike Myers just just
doing the doing doing some math early
early on in that battle in the SNL days
yeah Dana Carvey was the easy answer
yeah since then since then Michael Myers
Mike Meyer Scott Michael like a Meyerson
Mike Myers caught up and then some yeah
by the time by the time you got to so I
married an axe murderer oh fuck yeah
Mike Mike Myers was winning that battle
woman whoa man whoa man oh man did I
watch so I married an axe murderer or
too many times Dana Carvey miss master
of disguise yes he does
yes he does
and yes he does Dana Carvey also has
blank slate
remember blank slate I do with the
condition we hit amnesia
everyone every morning yep not a bad
movie that I remember I don't think it
was terrible
I don't think it was good but I don't
think it was terrible old hand saw so
little rich hello jack hi Saturday Night
Live her SCTV yeah I said it and I like
my highs way too long so I've seen SCTV
I remember SCTV wasn't afraid to get
dark if I'm remembering right and also
depends on what era of Saturday night
Saturday Night Live you're talking I
think they're just talking about in
general in general No
Saturday Night Live has had like two
good casts yeah but that's over several
seasons yeah oh yeah I mean oh you got
the original crop yeah first second and
third season whatever however long it
lasted the Dan Aykroyd and I wanna say
her name
bitch I can't think I'm such an old man
I can't remember people's names Jane
good Merrick
no no early Oh Jane kiss Merrick was
Malcolm in the Middle
it's something like that Gilda Radner
for one yeah oh you know what and I
wasn't I wasn't Bill Murray
dan Aykroyd Gilda Radner I I think I
think those those Belushi those sketches
haven't necessarily aged Jane Curtin
thank you Jane Curtin
maybe not I think there's not there's
not a ton of like amazing amazing in
there don't okay so let's say that has
an age well then then you have one good
cast which was like you're Dana Carvey
Mike Myers Phil Hartman yep I think
there was a lot of good stuff in the
Will Ferrell days that big lump that was
in weeds the big a while oh okay Kevin
Nealon you know that big lump by the way
totally fair totally fair he kind of was
a big lump and then other than that no
not really it's it's very good said I
know I'm just one shit
ah there's good stuff in there there's
good stuff in there they had Will
Ferrell who was probably the only good
part that's an L for a while
yeah yeah but he had a good supporting
cast Molly Shannon had her good bits
future famous person says did you guys
ever get further in Demon Souls
it gets very cool and Lovecraftian the
third level in particular is more
atmospheric than anything in blood 1 I
don't believe you I think I ever played
demon souls yeah we played that on uh we
played dark and Dark Souls 3 no no we
played it on yeah I wasn't you was it
you doing so long I was both of us I
thought it was both of us I'll be honest
with you I thought you were here I
remember I remember doing Dark Souls 1
uh-huh that was removed skeleton yep I
know we did a lot of blood-borne yep and
I think we ever played demon souls to
their darks Dark Souls 2 darkness team
yeah we i don't remember playing demon
souls we had because wait Demon Souls
was ps2 yes you might have used your ps3
to play it don't recall ever playing
demon i am wait am i getting it confused
with Dark Souls 1 I'll tell you I am I
suppose it's possible I'm getting it
confused with Dark Souls I am I'm 90%
sure we have streamed it ok ok
alright this is getting crazy at this
point you know I just want to beat this
level here you don't have to I want to I
know I don't have to the blue blaze says
actor fights fat guy edition John Candy
John Belushi
Chris Farley and is this an all-day
variety stream or is it a normal stream
that's happening earlier than usual
lol snip the panties finding the
antennas it's an earlier stream because
a lot of people might want to watch the
American Superbowl right so no we always
nice to stream here and we do we talk
about doing them more often and a lot of
times you know it's just because of our
schedules it's tough to do so here's a
nice excuse to do an early stream this
will just be a normal stream will
probably end around 5:00 you know for
for 35-ish depending when does the
Superbowl start I think about six or
seven great I'm not super worried about
it okay great all right yeah I can be
done with this okay good I can be done
good with panty party I beat that one
you know we're just gonna exit that
great between candy Belushi and Farley
you know what can I can I get real can I
do some real talk yeah I've never much
cared for Chris Farley I think he had
some he had some decent bits on SNL
Tommy Boy I have seen so many times that
I'm not sure if it's a good movie or if
I've just seen it so many times that I
love it but I've never been super into
his shtick I'm gonna say Chris Farley is
like a slightly more blatant but also
less versatile John Belushi Belushi yeah
could do more than screaming fat guy
yeah it's crazy wild screaming fat guy
didn't know she could do more than that
yeah you wanted to agreed Farley that's
always got that was his shtick
that was a good stick did work well for
him yeah they worked all right for him
like Tommy Boy I have a really deep love
for it
just i-i-i can't quite explain why I
love it so much but so wait who is the
who was the down-and-out well together
later we start the two out okay and then
we do the finals okay okay so what's the
two well we're going with Belushi over
friendly I was a Belushi of course then
candy or Belushi yeah I think that's an
apples and oranges situation they're
very different they're very different
like I said before like you know and and
something that is also incredibly
important in comedy is to have a
straight man with good timing that's why
I like you'll see Jon Hamm a lot in a
straight man position in comedies
because like he's just a good actor who
knows comedic timing you need that
straight man
if personally if I had to choose between
Belushi and candy I would choose candy
he's got he's got more good in them
oh I'll say this about John Candy versa
Belushi you're getting a larger body of
work whether John Candy
well because Belushi coped himself to
death right right right that's the first
celebrity death I can remember really is
John Belushi who's involution huh what
are we playing
what are you frame whatever you want to
find out with the chat once you know
they want FTL they say they want FTL I
don't know if they really want have to
yell what do we want guys whatever what
tell what's going on here
also yeah you have that article about
how to permanently remove something from
your Steam library oh you know what a
little update actually III was looking
into it we were talking about this the
other day about Steam and Leasing games
if if people remember in the chat and
how you know you buy a game on Steam you
don't actually own it you're just paying
for the right to lease it from Steam and
at any point and I've never done this
but at any point they can say this game
is no longer available for lease and
take it away from you see it's not like
you can't just buy it anymore you can't
play it anymore uh it
if steam dictated so yes I said and this
hasn't happened yet but accordant mean
it will never happen right and and I
reread the steam Terms of Service and it
clearly says that like you are paying
for the right to lease this game right
yeah and I I gave an example of
apparently of a while ago it was a
famous iTunes story where people bought
a movie on iTunes and iTunes took it
away and I did some research on him and
apparently what had happened was some
Disney movies were taken off of the
iTunes Store like The Lion King yeah and
they were accidentally removed from
people's libraries who had bought them
now Apple resolved the situation and
those people got their movies back yeah
even though Apple would be completely in
their right to remove the movies from
the people's hard drive like if they
download that movies I hope you cannot
watch this movie anymore right so but
this is the people got their movie back
and it has yet to happen with any of
these services it has yet to happen but
it could at any time yeah so yeah so is
that but I just want to give the update
cuz I did look into it steam is steam is
great right up into the point it isn't
great anymore oh it could take a hard
turn it could take a hard turn it could
take a real like I'm well aware of that
and like my my steam name has a PS and
in front of a PlayStation Network
because I didn't download steam until I
got a free copy of portal 2 oh really
buying the PlayStation 3 version uh-huh
because I avoided it for that reason
like I don't trust this until you you
couldn't anymore you could really really
couldn't PC game without steam right
right right well and you know we're
getting competitors now we know we're
getting things like like Humble Bundle
which will give you the option to
download gog gog in your m free pitch
dot io and you know what a lot of people
are just selling their games off of
their own site
for you how do I play half-life 2 rich I
didn't for that reason I'm like I don't
like the steam concept I don't like I
don't like not owning the game right so
I didn't I didn't play half-life 2 yeah
but well in you know like like we have
said so many times and you know what
this isn't just about Steam this is any
service like let's say let's say steam
decides like hey we don't want to be
this company anymore we want to make
half-life episode 3 so we're gonna shut
down steam so we can concentrate all of
our efforts on half-life 3 all your
games are gone they wouldn't do that
obviously because it's very profitable
for them but at any point they can shut
down steam and all your games are gone
poof at any point YouTube could decide
not to be a company anymore poof
everything's gone riches dumb lol riches
you'll be saying that in the morning
when your Steam games are locked out
because they decided there's gonna be
some policy changes expired who's maybe
saying that then motherfucker who's the
guy in charge of in charge of like sales
at Xbox what's his name once he once he
bought once Microsoft by Steam Phil
Spencer I think that might be it once
phil spencer is in charge of steam and
they decide that you need a monthly
subscription fee we'll see we'll see
rich is materialistic we live in a
fucking material universe we are
material everything is material nature
that's kind of deep in a deep buddy
there is no spiritual it's made up okay
either on the game you don't I'd rather
own it and I have to beg daddy steam to
let me play it beg daddy steam Wow right
that's great okay I'm off the gaming
grid bitch
I've seen a couple suggestions in chat
and they're the usuals and they're not
gonna surprise anyone
I wouldn't mind Phoenix right but I
doubt you brought the deal I didn't yeah
I didn't bring the D s and I did not
bring the ps4 so I'm very sorry about
that I should I should have felt I
should I should bring those okay this
dream has gotten strangely X just X
essential that's what happens when we
play panty party you know that's what
happens
oh I got a new item in my inventory oh
no I got a I got a panty party trading
card how do I get rid of these you can't
how do I get rid of you sell them you
know so you hope somebody buys them
should we make a guess at how at how
much money these panty party trading
cards are going free anime fans they're
gonna be expensive uh you know what the
furore steam card for a steam card 37
cents is pretty expensive yeah Kappa
long face yeah creepy anime fans for the
win I'm gonna see any of this I don't
care I don't care okay so I've seen a
couple suggestions obviously no they're
going for 35 and 37 cents which by steam
trading card standards is pretty
expensive somebody has already gifted me
half-life 2 I just I haven't like I said
I've got a huge backlog of stuff I
haven't that's fun to play right there
I've seen a lot of people say they want
rich to continue his XCOM run which i
think is a fine option and I've seen
some people who wants and binding of
issac which is also a fine option I just
played a bunch of painting party so I
will give it up to rich rich if you
would like to continue your XCOM run I
can do that yeah because you know I
don't want to hog oh that's all fine all
the game time here let me log out we
left off at the blue blaze so we have a
few more about that okay I will take
that you take this you'll probably need
the keyboard type in myself
over watch oh man you know what I have a
ton of work to do
I've been really bogged down I have way
too many projects that I need to work on
but I decided to take a day off
yesterday just because you know you need
a break and I finally got to play some
overwatch and I haven't played in the
past I mean three weeks oh what a great
game they have a new capture the flag
map you know completely new game style
for overwatch and its ton of fun and I'm
loving some of the new skins it's the
Chinese New Year skins in overwatch and
they're great and I'm really excited and
I got to play a little bit yesterday and
I had a great time thank you by the way
for everyone who who has friended me on
on battlenet when you play with people
like when you play in groups you get
experience bonuses so you get more loot
boxes faster and usually what happens is
I will get more key crates you get more
geek crates digital gate crates the
digital gate crates and so usually what
happens is I'll log on and almost
immediately someone will invite me into
the group and I do love it sometimes I
have to say no because like I'm just
topping on for a quick game but it's
great because you know you get into a
group you can talk to people you get
more experience and then you're playing
with people who you know you can talk to
and it's great I love it I liked over
lunch better when it was called tf2 tf2
is still around
you can still play tf2 I like I like the
characters better and overwatch I think
there's more there's there's more fun to
be had an overwatch right now cuz also
more people are playing it right now but
did anybody notice the game text I think
some people did yes
shame Oh
nerd sack I like that way but you they
already have a nerd that's gonna what do
you have give geek geek raid
oh no and uh yeah he cratered box yeah
so there already is a nerd so like a oh
how about a spaz sack people in the
comments people were coming up with a
boss
we're good I don't copy copy paste them
yes
