Episode 724
SuperBowl Punday... there will be no puns.(Part 2)
February 20, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ssjbk6_vBX0
___________________________________________

that's gonna what do you have geek
decreed Oh No yeah he created box yeah
so there already is a nerd so I like a
how about a spaz sack in the comments
people were coming up with a bunch some
of them work yes loot dorks who do you
main in over munch I have the most hours
in in Zarya oh she I like playing uh
sort of the best I love I love her whole
thing you put up these shields and then
as you as people as you take damage with
the shields and your weapon becomes more
powerful and and she can turn into an
absolute unstoppable death machine and I
love her I love her I'm trying to play
more I'm trying to play more zenyatta
I think there's a lot of good in him and
I also really like Symmetra she got a
couple updates that may that make her a
good powerhouse but I'm trying to play
more zenyatta and I'm trying to play
more oh my god I forget names I'm no
good with names
you know what's his name the kind with a
big hammer terrible I'm terrible at
names
someone in the chats gonna tell me is it
Thor it's not Thor its Reinhart I said
it before the chat said it I said it
before the chat said it I remember to
Reinhart its Reinhardt Reinhardt is is
is your main tank he has a shield he's a
big hammer he's really important that
hurts
what still don't have armor no I'm sorry
so I'm trying to play more Reinhardt
just because I've seen I've seen amazing
Reinhardt players and I know that
they're that that he's really important
to team composition it's also like I
think it's really fun to play as diva
and every once in a while I'll try Anna
Orana but I'm no good at snipers I'm no
good at snipers and I'm no good at
tracer I don't understand how people can
be good at tracer she's just too fast
for my brain my brain can't keep up with
her symmetric beam is a little too
sticky at longer range now it feels too
strong possibly but like she can't if
she over reaches she's dead some Symetra
needs to play it super safe what
what you played what you do rich I see
mokey
I know I think I think mokey got
resurrected due to the steam cloud oh
did you download the save before your
last mission apparently that's what
happened
well the save would be on this computer
so it shouldn't be on the clock I would
have overwritten it oh you so you
weren't supposed to download from this
thing that means we got to redo the
number of missions too it's like it's
kind of terrible oh is it
yeah Oh mokey went back in time created
flashpoints and now everything's gonna
be terrible way to go mokey I know I I
did save iron man saves like just about
every damn turn right the problem was
that never got uploaded to the cloud so
then when you died when I turned on
XCOM right now it gave me a little
problem do you want to download from the
cloud oh oh I I guess I do yep
you usually do right for whatever reason
it never got uploaded to the cloud so
the cloud over ridded over it over wrote
my proper safe over wrote I'd say over
wrote which is why I usually don't use
the fucking claw this time I did oh and
sorry rich now mokey is alive but we've
got to redo like four or five missions
which sucks that does suck but gives you
a chance to do some things better gives
you a chance rich gives you a chance
this mokey here right now I don't know
if monkeys so he's gonna be delighted
well yeah mokey I'll be excited how did
that happen I have no idea over writted
over written over maybe over I like a
road but I think it also could be
overwritten overwritten overwritten did
I who know who can't you know what who
cares
hmm Oh mokey they're saying mokey is
here mokey is here fuck
miracle it's a miracle flashpoint has
happened this is great okay let's see
here
come axion says hello guys rich
Sylvester Stallone or Arnold
Schwarzenegger that is an
honest-to-goodness tough call for pure
action movies Schwarzenegger but was
flown you get your rocky I fucking love
rocky all rocky I love every single
goddamn Rocky movie I I would understand
it if you wanted to give it to Sloan
just for the right you know that's your
tipping point the Rocky movies every
single rocky movie is great if you're
gonna isolate your you're kind of like
running around with guns style action
movies what you get you get you get
commando vs Cobra oh yeah Terminator
Terminator 2 yeah of course no no pure
man pure gun action I mean fuck you get
Conan man
he's fucking Conan I know I know he's
also just a super awesome dude the
Schwarzenegger Schwarzenegger should be
everyone's Idol know what Idol he's an
awesome dude he's an awesome dude that
does awesome things and is really great
and he's a really great guy he's a
really good businessman he gives back to
the community he hangs out all right I
think he cheated on his wife so that's
not too awesome but you know I think
other than that he's a pretty awesome
dude but yo yeah but demolition man but
Kindergarten Cop motherfucker True Lies
oh you know what I'm opting out of this
one I love both of them so much I don't
want to choose that's what I'm gonna say
there is a weird thing to choose what is
definitely better than the other I would
say overall on abortion ever more of my
favorite movies oh I can't I can't make
this call that's that's too close to
home remainder one Total Recall total
fucking Greek I love Total Recall every
comes pretty good
Rambo first blood all the Rocky movies
over the top which is don't look at me
like that stop or my mom will shoot you
damn well know rocky four is a goddamn
self-parody it is but it I think it was
purposefully done Rocky five is awful
yeah ready one maybe two every Rocky
movie is perfect for very different
reasons and then you have Rocky Balboa
him coming back then you have fucking
Creed him coming back again Chet chance
coming back with demolition man yeah the
most underrated science fiction movie of
all time the premise the premise of that
movie is fantastic there was a fantastic
it's beautiful it's a beautiful movie a
society that has babied itself to the
point where it can't handle a crisis
legitimate crisis right it's great and
it's great this is overly sanitized
politically correct world and they can't
handle just one gangster just one one
criminal that's that yeah it's beautiful
over the top is amazing for very
different reasons but yeah of course
like Judge Dredd Cobra if you haven't
watched it demolition man is fucking
fantastic demolition man is beautiful
it's beautiful yeah there's there's
Stallone it's got a lot man Stallone has
got a lot
I'm not gonna choose because I love them
both although Jack did you enjoy playing
capture the flag
oh yeah I just talked about that oh come
axiom great yeah thank you for playing
with me I won't be able to like it like
I said I won't be able to group up with
people all the time but I really do
appreciate it because it's fun to play
with other people and it was just just
good to get I finally got to play
capture the flag which a great overwatch
demolition man review 100% happening I
have no control over what happens in
review by the way that you need to know
you need to know that yeah I can't make
a review happen but I'm telling you it's
a hundred percent going to happen which
one the demolition man well what would
you want to demolition matter no you're
not you and I need to do what about Bob
demolition man is kind of better for
review you know what we do both how
about that sure sure we can film them
back-to-back I'm fine with that
boom also we have no control over what
we do in review boat but I will tell Jay
that we have good ideas it's great for
mochi mochi is the only one that came
out ahead saved by the cloud
do I like Lucio as a hero
um he's interesting Lucio is a very
interesting here overwatch oh you know
cuz it's a team game right and Lucio has
an ability just to heal people around
him like he doesn't need to specifically
target anyone he can just roll around
and heal people in his general area
which makes him incredibly valuable and
you know he's good I I think it's more
fun to play as mercy as far as a healer
is concerned because then you can either
you know spot heal someone or give
someone a damage boost and that's how I
prefer to play healer I think the Lucio
is more effective but less fun for me
personally to play you do get those
wonderful moments his gun has an alt
fire that just pushes people back and so
you have certain maps that have
drop-offs and if you
catch people in the right area you can
just push people right off the map and
there is no better feeling and overwatch
and then just pushing someone down a pit
so for me I like mercy better as a
support but Lucio I think is the better
choice if that makes any sense I also
don't understand his frog costume thing
but I guess that's my review on life
force I remember that being good I'm
nowhere near well-versed in that and
we're well versed enough in that movie
to do a review I've seen it like once or
twice when I was much younger
Jay and I actually saw that when I went
to be fest with them they played life
force at like 2:00 in the morning at B
fest it was the exact right time that is
a fucked up movie life force yeah fucked
up science fiction movie a vampire movie
in a zombie movie with Patrick Stewart
with Patrick Stewart that's the only
thing I remember life about life force
is the second time I saw it was after T
and G was the thing and I was like oh my
god that's Patrick Stewart right
anonymous says do some binding of issac
today's daily challenge was a lot of fun
oh maybe maybe maybe we'll see how much
we get out of X come and we'll see how
late we want to go tonight maybe maybe a
hug tant says thanks for so many years
of entertainment keep it up greetings
from Sweden and sugah
mean quantum penis which I assume is
Swedish for lol fuck my cock sand nig
Eck Wow that's still a thing
by the way lol fuck my little fuck my
cock is great it never died it's great I
love it that and now the new and out of
the new this is just like Helldivers and
those are those are some my favorite
yeah yeah I'm kind of fond of it's just
like those that really just gives me a
little giggle and I appreciate them Sena
gak says wow we are almost here
the sweet game championship game today
just so a big question that on
everyone's mind is what Jack and Rich
think the team that long bombs away I
know nothing about football I know the
Patriots are in the Super Bowl all the
damn time it'll give the edge to them
it's the Patriots versus the Falcons I
know nothing about football you know why
if you're gonna go for the Patriots I'll
vote for the Falcons just because if the
Patriots won all the time maybe you'd
give it to someone else for God's and
for God's sakes come on man the blue
blaze says mentioning Conan reminded me
are you going to play Conan exhales the
hit new Conan game with floppy dong
physics we talked about it
don't worry it's not banned on Twitch at
least not yet I think to me the joke
everyone knows the joke and we would
just be doing the joke right it's still
an early access and I believe that Conan
exile has shot themselves in the foot
with their dongs physics you think they
shot themselves in their foot here's
what happened last week everybody is
talking about Conan exhales the Conan
the Conan massively multiplayer game and
everyone can be naked and ha ha isn't
this funny right right everybody's
talking about it but it's still an early
access when the game is released no one
is going to care well then make the
money No so what do they care I think
they're losing out on potential on a
potential audience everyone's talking
about the early access now when
eventually it becomes time for full
release just no one's going to care
often men so yeah we did talk about
about but ever everyone's doing it
already so if we decided to play panty
party instead because rich and I make
smart business decision that is a fair
comment
why the fuck is Conan a craft and
survival game in the first place because
that's the mechanic I don't know that's
the mechanic just what a brawler or you
get the players Konad yep that's what
you want
yep I don't know if you can get refunds
on early access games that bastard up on
top speaking of underwear do you guys
have any thoughts on the Captain
Underpants movie who Captain Underpants
is a beloved beloved you say a beloved
book series an early reader book serious
oh this sounds vaguely familiar I can
tell you this Dave pill key is the
author of the Captain Underpants books
and he's great the my you know obviously
I've kids and my eight-year-old started
reading those Captain Underpants books
and you know he has a series of other
books too and we've read them all we
love them they're hilarious they're full
of really crass humor like a lot I mean
it's it's about a superhero who wears
Underpants and so it's you know that's
it all he has is a pair of underpants on
and so it's like a lot of potty humor a
lot of really crass jokes I love them I
love them so I'm looking forward to the
movie
but uh you know I could see someone like
an adult without kids wait I thought you
missed
rapidfire as an ability oh okay
- 15 am to take two shots mathematically
it's almost always worth it okay cool
doesn't feel like it's always worth
liking you give it up to 79 percent
chance but 64 to 64 I don't know
mathematically it works out to be better
to do the - okay great yeah Dave Hilke
is the name of the and and he he has a
like a series of he has a book like
about a little kid with a robot he has
um like David David Harrell are the kids
in the Captain Underpants books and then
they have their own series of books like
that are crudely drawn drawn comics that
are hilarious hilarious good stuff I'll
go yeah that's fine who's got lightning
reflexes oh you got a star - you can
watch them play video games in the
shovel Knight yes my kids a you can
watch them play video games in the
shovel knight review you can also watch
them you can also watch rich Evans tell
them jokes and telling kids jokes thing
I'm still shocked you have kids I think
so I think people are still shocked I
mean I'm an adult and I have children
some adults have children wait for them
weep they're fine they're fine yes
that's for then stunning range Jack
that's great I might have already
stunned the mutinied moot unmute oh
whatever whatever
I like mutant cuz then it's like a
mutant yeah but I can't pronounce things
and I said I'm saying butonly
how Bunga dogs has just got back to the
stream panty party gets good later on a
parent
yeah fancy party turns into a sci-fi
turn-based strategy game did we not play
past the tutorial no he's talking about
this thanks he just got back and that's
the job okay I thought it was so we
didn't play it off joke there's just
about to get good
okay rewind shock oh thank you rewind
shock I appreciate that I'm I was really
happy with this latest episode of a
prereq the abstract motor on episode
it's good I think it turned out really
well I I spent way too long on it but I
think it turned out really well and it
was a fun episode it was different you
know just talking about these weird
games and long-ass episode though and I
made a huge mistake I don't think that's
far enough up to trigger anything and
everybody know it's safe okay gonna safe
great great move town yeah
I didn't even play panty party if we do
it first four hours of film I haven't
you know there's enough material to make
something fun no you'll see me playing
yeah I I think we'll get something funny
out of it I have not looked at the
footage yet just because I have other
things that I'm editing right now that
take precedent over that unfortunately
long episodes are good well thanks
thanks I know I know like most people
want our episodes to be longer and want
us to blather on it's it's tough while
editing them though because you know
usually after you edit a chunk you have
to then re-watch the chunk and so of
course if the first chunk is 20 minutes
then you had that just 20 minutes that
you just have to really watch and you're
just listening to yourself over and over
and so like most of my day is just spent
listening to me and rich so it gets old
after a while and so like I do try to
cut out any redundancy and I I'm pretty
happy with this one even though YouTube
is messing up the the annotations again
I did that special you know like I added
that bit about like oh you know just
click here to watch the other video get
another video dumbass which I think was
hilarious
yeah but YouTube changed how they do
Adam and annotations again again yeah
and so like I specifically put in a
little graphic so we could put in the
little video yeah for the annotation but
now to accommodate mobile users they
don't have annotations it's just a
little thing that pops up on the corner
and so I have this graphic that point
now points to nothing right but the
annotation is still there and it's good
that it accommodates mobile users
because mobile users account for 70% of
viewership sure sure but then I would
have changed the graphic you know like
you it's it's so that they're making it
so you can no longer hard-baked in
references to the annotations which is
what we were doing yeah so we do I don't
give no fucks jack you think you think
they care about you
yep so what you think they care about
nope I don't they don't care I know they
I know they don't care about me out of
post I don't know what you're talking
about that's that seems like a weird
thing I would I would never have
anything weird in the episode that seems
weird
Eric of the North asks a very important
question jack what's your opinion on run
the jewels I just got done with their
first album I have now listen to it
several times it loved it so hard I just
got their second album today it's
fucking amazing run the jewels one and
two its killer Mike and LP its if you
enjoy hip hop get yourself those albums
fucking great another coming to Madison
soon but it's a sold its sold out show
already but if it weren't I would be
there amazing records amazing hip hop
just good good shit just good shit dense
dense hip-hop so I I really enjoy it I
really enjoy run the jewels but I can't
listen to it while editing editing
because it's very you know vocally it's
very verbose and so a lot of times I am
what I fucking rocketed him his cover
should be gone I'm sorry
ah so my mix is harder that makes a sure
thing into a risky gamble oh shit yeah
that was a fifty two percent chance
garbage shot you're right right in a
burner grenade
where do you go for boardgame news and
reviews BoardGameGeek is a pretty solid
resource they have they have really
great forms on board games that you're
looking at I really like shut up sit
down fuck they have a good way of
explaining games I've I've bought
several of their recommendation
recommended games and have enjoyed them
greatly but you know BoardGameGeek and
shut up sit down and random stuff you'll
see on YouTube that's where I go from my
board game reviews they're saying you
should use mochi as bait what's going on
here rich explain explain to me what's
happening I've got two aliens who could
easily kill me because I had troubles
early game and now I don't have good
armor okay okay so I get one shot by
either of the two remaining aliens okay
I have two moves to use which means I
can only take two shots or four with the
rabbit carbon and yo yeah if either of
these true two troops fail to kill the
target somebody's going to die okay okay
who do you got left so you got two salts
what you got Humberto and who else you
got who else has a move left Frisco
Jones Briscoe Jones and Humberto have
them a move left can Frisco kill anyone
or they're trapped inside they're not
trapped I can move them oh sure like
Humberto has a clean as a 72% child
against that guy
I get running gun but this well I know
there's one alien left up in this dark
area oh sure and that would risk C in
that but if I run forward I might get a
better shot and this is this is the kind
of tactical decision making that I love
that you get an X come the risk versus
the reward
I can bring that yeah I got a second a
52% chance to hit but I go up further
maybe it's 72 well you have 72 now well
that's for the one shot if I do have a
rapid fire oh there's a lot of number
crunching happening here I'm with you
like here's the other decision I got one
72 percent chance right or I got 250
sentence how do you do that that's a
scary fucking gamble that is a scary
gamble I run up further all of those
numbers should get a little bit better
but I risk a third alien right and and
as soon as that third alien is in sight
it is activated against you yes whoo
rich that's tough that's tough I'm sorry
Starkiller yes we usually stream Sunday
and Wednesday nights usually the stream
starts sometime around 6 or 7 p.m.
Central Standard Time
aka Milwaukee time we're doing a special
early stream today because at Super Bowl
Sunday and we want to be done in time in
case people want to watch the big game
in general I would you know we would
like to do more early streams as we know
we have many European viewers and many
people who watch alright I move forward
I took the risk
I did not I didn't change the percentage
well no night before it was like 52 now
you have double checked it was 57 ok yes
right one down we still gotta not fuck
up this other one never tell me the math
no tell rich all the math what he likes
find good cover shit oh and your one guy
and Humberto is exposed yeah that's not
good
you having a grenade and get a grenade
lift he's got a grenade gyro what now a
gyro friendly stream like if we stream
around this time more people in Europe I
can watch
which is something that in general I
would like to do more often it sometimes
it doesn't work out mostly because rich
is a night owl so getting rich up at
noon is it is usually a task ah already
four percent to forty four czar 159 oh
my god that sucks dad very sorry this
game has taught me anything it's that
forty five percent chance or under hits
ten percent of the time
let's see here is is there any chance
that Frisco Jones is in the chat right
now I think we can check Frisco Jones
let me check here probably not that's
not a name I noticed often unless
they're just kind of lurker
it's alphabetical on the side here hold
on I can I can check for you actually
it's surprisingly fast Frisco Jones is
here Frisco Jones is here if they're
paying attention if you were paying
attention to Frisco Jones yeah do I take
a second you want do you want the single
shot at 59% or do you want the
rapid-fire
at two forty four percent shots but
you're the commander rich you need to
make this decision you can't leave this
up to your grunts it's them it's them I
I know intellectually that the forty for
the two forty four percent chances is
better I know that intellectually yeah
we're waiting for your response Frisco
that's what I would do but if Frisco
Jones is here that is Frisco Jones I am
giving them the opportunity to intervene
to make their own calls to take their
own fate horns it's out you know what it
sounds like to me rich it sounds like
you're passing the buck
that's what it sounds like to me you're
coming right I'm commander and we're
gonna go rapid-fire as commander you
need to make this decision miss twice
because every time I take a 45 percent
chance mrs. 44 oh Jesus Christ did he
died
he's very injured he didn't die but he
did not died he did not died so that's
that's something that's not something
let cweigand be cweigand says since
master of disguise was mentioned earlier
do you agree brent Spiner was only ever
good as data even data just trying to be
romantic just comes off as a giant
asshole lol date of my lure I don't know
if I've ever seen him in anything else
have you ever seen brent Spiner in
anything character a Night Court
oh yeah he's good as the doctor and
Independence Day he pops up here and
there by far the best thing he's ever
done is data well by an order of
magnitude I like to mess the doctor in
Independence Day I'm not gonna say he's
been terrible and other things sure what
about Night Court
all right zaps I need you to nuke this
alien
and you didn't I'm shocked a flank shot
from a hit the Thin Man and I did not
died that's great
I did not died from that and was kind of
amazing jube and rubus is Scuba Steve
just saying thanks for being a bunch of
entertaining goobers and I must have
missed it when and how did the it's just
like Helldivers things start when
someone asked rich to play Warhammer 40k
what started when we were actually
playing Helldivers and there was one or
two people in the chat huh kept saying
yeah blade Onawa two you had to play
Donna what - Donna one - and I'm like
look I'm familiar enough with Dawn
afford to to know that it's the sequel
to Dawn of War one uh-huh which was very
much a real-time strategy game uh-huh I
don't enjoy real-time strategy games I
find them stressful I don't enjoy them
no no no it's not it's just like
Helldivers what I won't do is just like
hell dev is it's not a real-time
strategy game just like Helldivers yep
and so eventually we got around and and
to it and rich played Warhammer 40k Dawn
of War - and rich would you say it's
anything like Helldiver I would say it
is absolutely nothing like Helldivers at
all in any way that matters other than
the most superficial ways possible where
you have Space Marines on a planet
shooting an alien from a top-down
isometric standpoint well it's all I'm
saying like maybe if people saw like
screenshots of both of them maybe maybe
if you're a complete fucking moron right
you would mistake a twin-stick shooter
for a real-time strategy if they're if
you're just the dumbest piece of shit on
the planet let's say you know nothing
that mistake let's say you know nothing
about either series and you see two
screenshots ago oh yeah these kind of
look similar right just like elbows
Archie is talk again I have nothing
personal against our TSS they're just
not for me
it would be fine if I could handle the
the RTS that'd be that'd be that'd be
great but I don't like stress passed
through a road like the the juggling I
can't stand it
past the remote look back on an hour
past broadcast and you will see a rich
play Space Marine 40 camera warheads pay
40 warhammer 40k space pork a war for
Famers you know Nene chicken bay tea in
the wind
rich played Space Marine in fact I love
space marine really enjoyed it and we
played it a few times it's in our past
broadcasts yeah or up on YouTube so go
go we played it check it out check it
check out nothing against the 40k
universe I flat out said it's it's more
interesting than Star Wars from what
I've read ooh
phaser him they said him from like 80
feet away my sniper yeah but he did it
with his sidearm I don't know if that's
a glitch or what but yes that's great
you can do that with a sniper in this
game great where I'm there where the
rails know we're on the fast track home
great that's great
nothing can go wrong at this point I ate
Donuts is Jack
I bought a rival on iTunes and watched
it twice now why is that movie so good
rich go fucking see it's on iTunes you
don't have to go to a theater soon I do
that's what they say it's probably on
Amazon - I don't know sometimes when a
movie is still out you have to purchase
it you can't rent it but apparently it's
on iTunes you rich does need to see a
rival why is it so good it's because the
the the creative team behind it are very
talented individuals I'll give them the
most nod to the director who had a very
strong vision
vision vision we had a vision of the
future he had a vision and and everyone
seems to be on the same page I think a
lot of it had to do with just them
giving the premise enough room to
breathe you know like a lot of sci-fi
likes to gloss over stuff or you know
give like a one-line dialogue
explanation of some some good old sci-fi
and this this let it breathe just let's
just take some time and watch amy adams
do homework and that's what good sci-fi
needs and it's great jack is drunk today
jack is not drunk today Jack is a little
hungover today but now I'm not trying
I'm drinking sparkling water not not
booze slurring my words stayed up pretty
late last night Saturday is usually my
big drinking day terribly hungover like
I don't have a headache I don't have a
gut rot but I'm just a little extra
tired jack is drunk from yesterday today
and didn't have that much to drink
Mugen
oh wait for says thanks for the European
friendly stream of what games you look
forward to what's coming up oh you know
what I'm looking I'm really looking
forward to that neo the the premise of a
samurai Dark Souls is is intriguing to
me also robot sorry I decided oh oh and
I really liked that look the blue hair
the mustache he was great robot remember
the robot dinosaure game whose name I
can never remember because it's a really
dumb name but I'm really looking forward
to
huh horizon new rising horizon new dawn
ooh something like the horizon new dawn
that might be it yeah that's a dumb name
and it's hard to remember that name
horizon zero dawn might be it might be I
know it's a dumb name it's a dumb name
that's really hard to remember March is
a big month are a number of things
coming out yeah that's right the switch
the fucking switch is coming out Zelda I
wish it didn't have those initials
because that's gonna be a pain in our
ass by the way I keep seeing B OTW all
over read it now I'm like oh who's
talking about but yeah the word I know
yeah yep breath of the wild or breath of
the wind or whatever that is is the
robot dinosaure Twilight Twilight New
Moon right
Zelda best of the worst is coming out
the switch is coming out which I'm still
trying to get rich and I switch is sold
out everywhere hopefully we'll get a
switch that happens when you under
produce your console so you can proudly
proclaim that you've sold out we made 10
of them sold out sold out in 5 seconds
it's great so there's a lot to look
forward to him even though I've heard
nothing but bad things about his game
that automate a game Detroit automaton
Nier automata those are two different
games how Nier automata is the
bullet-hell third person game which
looks good
and thank your beloved no no the the
Detroit game remember that at Sony's e3
the Detroit game were like you were a
detective oh and it's made by the David
cage who whose games look like they suck
the game that looks like inconvenient if
it actually had branching paths right
probably gonna be one linear shit
exactly yeah
there's a lot to get excited about
there's a lot to be excited about never
try to pronounce things Jack I know
I know you but you know what this is all
I got this is all I got and and you've
got to deal with me today in a very
sorry I'm Barry Barry Barry sorry you
can feel the milk in the controllers oh
I know that's stupid it feels like there
are there's ice in the controllers but
I'm excited about the switch I'm excited
about robot dinosaurs I'm excited about
me oh I'm not excited about doing this
next mission don't yeah that's gonna
make my life harder don't get excited
about anything case in point no man's
sky I've been excited about games and
then I've been happy with those games in
the past I'm not gonna let one massive
disappointment ruin all of my excitement
I'm gonna do it is a strategy game you
take your fucking time just had a pretty
tense situation in that last operation
mission whatever you want to call it
mission like operation or mission yeah
will we be playing neo on stream I think
we want to do it for an episode and so
we probably will play it on stream but
not right away
that's probably one that we'll want to
play you know for example if it comes
out on a Sunday we might not play it
that Sunday like playing at home first
maybe play it on Wednesday an example
taking your time is for pussies what is
the Betty White clone where why are why
are balls the symbol for for toughness
both balls aren't tough but a pussy that
could really take a pounding
it's true I butchered it but it's an
absolutely beautiful Betty White quote
and and very true balls are very
sensitive yeah yeah not tough at all
yeah the new god of war with hipster
beard Kratos looks like shit absolutely
it does absolutely it does need a
boo-boo you know thinking back to
thinking about the switch and thinking
about your issue with your cloud save
that you have here I want to talk a
little bit about darkest dungeon I've
been playing a lot of darkest dungeon
recently and overall I'm liking it and
I'm playing it on my Vita which has a
cross play with the PlayStation 4 but it
has quite possibly the worst way to save
your game to the cloud ever which is you
have to manually save it to the cloud
oh nice
kappa capitals are important
oh that shift Keys broke no you should
play darkest dungeon on stream again I
think rich played it last time you you
want to play that right I've been
playing it you want stream it's well I I
have it on my ps4 oh you don't have it
here I have it oh okay oh I'm just
talking about the way the auto saves cuz
you know I've been playing it on my it's
been my Vita game you know like oh you
know I'll play it a little bit before
going to bed it'll be my bathroom game
but then I also sometimes want to play
it on my ps4 and so in order to save it
to the cloud you need to go out of the
game go to the menu choose cloud save
choose to upload the cloud save and then
remember which save is in the cloud so
when I go to the ps4 did I pay that
played on my ps4 last or did I play it
on my Vita lot so I played it on my Vita
last then I need to go into the menu go
to cloud save choose download the cloud
save and it's horribly complex it's
overly complicated yeah to cloud save
where as a super meatboy for the Vita
and for the ps4 just auto saves to the
cloud every time which means you plan
your Vita it saves it saves to the cloud
boom you don't have to worry about it
you pick it up on your ps4 it just does
it it takes care of it for you which is
something that I'm really looking
forward to as far as the switch is
concerned just not having to deal with
cloud saves yeah oh I played on the
handheld I plug it into the TV it's the
same fucking game we don't need to worry
about cloud saves I'm really looking
forward to that having to remember which
system I played it on last is is
complicated convoluted consider showing
rich Resident Evil 4 at some point that
would make a fun stream we should play
Resident Evil 4 that's a great game I
would love to play Resident Evil 4 that
on Steam it's not the one with the evil
was resident the resident is evil that's
the one where they're in Spain and
that's the that's the action schlocky
wand and its
and it's great how hard will it be to
get a switch after lunch it's looking
like it might be kind of difficult
Nintendo has recently said that they are
upping their production number because
of demand and you can get on list I have
us on three lists like we're on an
Amazon list
we're on a Gamestop list and we're on a
Best Buy list oh and we're on a Walmart
list too many damn lists well like and
that's what they say like we're out of
stock now for pre-orders but you know
give us your email and if we get any
more stock we'll e-mail you and then you
can you know get another pre-order and
so I'm just on so many lists to get us a
goddamn switch but so far we don't have
ours confirmed never played Ari for what
a true hacker x99 if there was a
franchise that you didn't enjoy
particularly no would you rush out just
to try the fourth one I played Resident
Evil 1 when it came out I'm like this
isn't for me yep and shockingly I didn't
compulsively pick up every other game
they came out with in the series just to
see how what if yep yep and you know I
had a pretty similar reaction where I
play the first one it didn't really care
for it when four came out it seemed like
a different beast it was a GameCube
exclusive I had a Gamecube give it a
shot and I ended up really enjoying it
after playing panty party you're on a
list I'm sure I'm sure I want a list
somewhere that I'm not happy to be on
for playing pinky by Odie nice shot nice
shot cuz I'm a scaredy pants
I'm really scared when I'm just sitting
there bored that's so scary isolation I
was just bored yeah I'm so frightened
out of my pants I just I was I was
talking about this some some people had
me on their podcast recently they wanted
to talk about Resident Evil 7 uh-huh and
I was I was trying to explain to them
that these types of atmosphere game
don't do it for me because there's I I
don't feel like I'm in danger where like
if you made if you gave me some more
risks if you made my character really
feel like my character was in danger
then I would feel the danger like I did
in something like blood-borne or hell
like fucking guacamelee some of those
some of those platforming levels like I
didn't want to die cuz you'd have to go
back to the beginning of the platforming
levels I had more fear in guacamelee
than I did in Resident Evil 7 I'm more
scared in Super Meat Boy because you
have to start the level all the way over
again than I am in alien isolation stop
sacrificing gameplay for atmosphere some
people like the atmosphere it just it's
just not for me it's my final word on it
you enjoy that I know a lot of people
enjoy that I don't want to people they
love the atmosphere go enjoy yourself
it's just not for me I have there's like
a movement lately has been games they've
got to become a narrative experience and
I'm like like with no concern to
gameplay
what about the strides we've made
narrative experience I don't give a shit
yeah I just have no fucking interest
holy shit you just unloaded on that guy
wash over watch guys guys guys
is there another pling keto or listening
today like the Ireland Twitter says well
you know what if that's what the fucking
Twitter said I would believe them I'm
gonna double-check this they don't care
they're Mad Men they don't care they're
Mad Men they the real big game today is
pling keto coming soon according to our
album great I love it great we have we
have shot an episode yes I know they
were editing it I didn't think it'd be
done this soon but if it is do you know
they don't care about that Delta if it's
done they'll put it out Oh stupid sorry
but that's on me so yes one is in the
can and apparently it's going to be
released today which was great I hope I
I can't wait to see it i i i it tough
for me to believe that anything positive
came out of that episode i know you're
being sarcastic but my chasing gaming's
is yeah well you don't want rich rich
you don't want gaming to be taken
seriously like movies know what I'm on
gaming to be taken seriously like gaming
you know we got this whole thing with
gaming we have this whole interactive
medium and you want to use it until
linear stories and it baffles me you
want to use it to tell non-interactive
stories yes yeah yeah we got we have
this beautiful thing with gaming where
you can have some sort of control you
have you can have player urgency
you can you can make decisions you can
affect the outcome but no no
I just don't I just don't get it
a lot of people are into it you know
whatever yeah yeah
riding the bullets is rich please please
please could you force a Ric Flair flak
cannon woo for my darling wife to cheer
her up as it always makes her laugh I
don't know if I can force it
he is playing XCOM and it's very
possible that he will be up he will be
against the odds and do something to
make it happen it's it's less severe
than the laughs I can't I can't fake my
life right I've tried and trust me I've
tried it doesn't really work it sounds
off
I think the Ric Flair was almost the
same it's got to be natural watch that
lovely that animation that FTL animation
where you get the classic whoo are you
going to play yes we are going to play
neo that's that's on my list of games
that I'm excited about
I'm officially excited about alright
let's see here blue blaze says me
personally I loved the abstract motrin
episode it took me a while by the way
just to figure out how to properly spell
abstract motrin I like the abstract - MO
- Tron I think that that really sold it
the episode exclamation point which is
very important right I had the beginners
guide in my library and played it before
watching and was disappointed in the
same way rich was but it was still a
good story and I that's why I was
equally as disappointed that it wasn't
just a documentary of course I had other
positives I thought about it here's the
problem made the major problem with the
beginner's guide as a story how long
would you say it takes to play through
that hour and a half
come on Matt did it it felt longer it
did it felt longer
that's a problem for me when you're
talking about stories I have our cord
all the gameplay I can tell you exactly
how long it took to take me to play it I
want to say about an hour and a half
it's not a good story if I'm anxious for
it to end the this is something I cut
out of the review because we we we
talked about the length of fur a lot the
last third of it could have been shrunk
down significantly as soon as the player
starts to realize that it is just a
story it needs to end really quickly
after that and it didn't it kept going
on but as as the writer I could see him
not knowing when people would figure out
figure that out you know
if you want your game to be the
narrative experience movies are 90
minutes for reason yes and I'm actually
shocked to learn that the beginner's
guide was about that but it still felt
long which means if it were a movie you
would say that pacing was horrible right
right and yeah they're like really they
he just needed to wrap up that and at
that end third I think I think would
have helped a lot cuz it felt longer I
wanted to say that was four hours the
beginner's guide
felt felt it probably felt like four
hours and you know if you were fucking
around and I could see it taking four
hours the the master I'll answer this
question because I know rich didn't like
Firewatch talking about using games for
stories why was fire watched praised for
its writing considering the script
wasn't that good I don't know if it was
I I haven't seen much love games can be
art can be art Oh hallelujah games can
be art art did you see the art Oh was so
art games aren't just stupid things that
are games they're art art it's not for
these kids I'm sorry it's not for these
kids rich I'm sorry I can't keep doing
this negative shit I'm sorry
you brought you bring it on yourself
rich you bring the new talking about
overwatch overwatch
I like overwatch we're talking about
fire watch though overwatch overwatch is
a completely different it's not good
about fire watch and talk about
overwatch more which is a great game I
will praise I will slightly praise the
writing of fire watch because I believe
that they themed the story with the
gameplay I know rich disagrees that
there was no gameplay but for me the
gameplay was exploring the area was
finding my way to the next point which
of course he had to turn off the auto
company like there it took some work to
get to that gameplay but I felt like it
artistically themed the story with the
gameplay which is why I will praise it
some people will disagree with me rich
is one of them
which is fine we can have disagreements
I don't even hate the story that was
another one where after about an hour
and I'm like I'm ready for this to be
over yeah and it went on for four more
hours I want to say it took me five like
overall took me five I was like four
more after the one oh right right yeah
yeah everyone I got it I'm okay why is
this still going on oh my god yeah so I
I will praise her for that I don't know
like if it was praised for its script or
whatnot and but also and as I think rich
agreed on this point the voice actors
were great yeah yeah and so I don't know
if that was a good script or just really
good casting like they they nailed those
voice lines I believed both of those
characters the main characters in fire
watch so a lot of people got mad that
the red herring was a red herring
ultimately was just story about dealing
with your emotions and it wasn't this
weird conspiracy thing that's going on
that was just paranoia yeah I think that
upset people who wanted there to be
something exciting going on oh sure sure
I could see that I could see that
sometimes sometimes a cigar is just a
cigar you know just a big hairy dick
sometimes the big oh sure sure at least
Firewatch was better written than any
David cage game well Wow
can't wait to play those then so what
are you guys gonna play Resident Evil 4
yeah we'll look into it I'll look into
it we'll add that to the ever-growing
list of games we should play I really
like your resume before I think that'd
make a great stream that could be a lot
of fun
if Firewatch only had text dialogue
instead of voice overs would the game be
playable still no no by the way I like
fire watch as you can tell because I'm
wearing my fire watch shirt today yeah I
really liked fire watch if there were no
if there was no voice work in that game
it would be on fucking pile I know this
statement triggers a lot of people but
fire watch is not a game that's why that
wouldn't work but I also think part of
what makes it so special is the is the
voice work so yeah if you were reading
that it would be on bearable it would be
an unbearable mess it's a narrative
thing the extra special narrative let's
talk about something I know it's fine
that's fine right that's fine bridge
would you like to talk about Star Trek I
came I came across a story yesterday
that perfectly blended two things that
you and I are both very passionate about
yeah one is the technical aspects to
producing television and movies and the
other Star Trek I came across a
wonderful article hold on I wrote it
down so I could tell you guys where to
read it on cuz I write things down on
Trek new Trek news dotnet and the hunt
the headline of the article is why we
won't see Deep Space nine or Voyager on
blu-ray have you ever heard of this no I
have not
it was one of the most fascinating reads
ever ended and I you know you guys know
me I'm a bit of a tech nerd and I really
like the production aspect of things the
the effort in remastering them would not
be worth the money they would make
selling them I think I guess that that's
basically what it boils down to god when
you get into the meat and bones of it
and they talk about why it would take so
much me because most people just think
what you scan the negatives and you
upscale and boom you got you got 1080
here's the great thing about it
so for Star Trek the original series all
of the effects were done directly on the
film negative it was shot in thirty
five-millimeter yeah so all the effects
are on the negative so it's super easy
for them to make blu-ray that they just
scan the negative boom all the effects
are there all the matting is done on the
film but for starting in the next
generation which was also shot on 35
millimeter which is a very high
resolution medium the effects were done
in cheapo standard and more importantly
like the models were also shot on 45 mil
or 35 millimeter but then each were
scanned in at standard definition and
all the effects were done in standard
definition so when it was time to make
Star Trek The Next Generation on blu-ray
yeah they literally had to re-edit the
episode really they had me they had to
rescan in every single negative re-edit
the episodes and redo all of the effects
huh huh the producer says that it costs
approximately twelve million dollars to
produce the blu-rays for Star Trek The
Next Generation isn't that insane it
makes sense but and you know at the time
they they weren't thinking about High
Definition it wasn't in the radar yeah
exactly and so for them have a science
fiction well and they needed to produce
these shows cheaply and so scanning them
in at standard definitions meant that
they could use cheap nonlinear editors
and so the the one of the more
interesting things about the next-gen
was the conversation of whether or not
because they had to redo every single
effect every little phaser laser they
had to redo for the blu-ray yeah so then
do you make it look really nice or do
you make it look like how it looked on
the show you have to redo the effect
yeah what's the call right make it nice
they decided to make it look like how it
looks because if you make it nice what
happens being different then you then
you get the respect that specialized
editions of Star Wars you know why I was
saying this cuz that's they did with the
original series oh dude they did that's
good
they probably they probably stole so
both but they redid that with all CGI
like well not all but they like shots of
the ship or CGI no really original
series they redid there is some of the
effects in CGI interesting yeah
interesting tos remastered but is there
also a TOS original blu-ray then I'm not
sure I'm not sure I'm assuming there are
I wonder hands would want I wonder if
they lost footage and had to redo it in
CG I don't know I don't know I don't
know either but in any case they didn't
try to make it look distracting either
oh that's good fine but it was CG yeah
yeah they had a they had a shot of the
new the crystalline entity that they had
to remake in using modern CG but they
also tried to make it look like how they
would have made it using the old
techniques with modern techniques it was
great it was great so so the cost was
super high and right when the blu-rays
came out for the next generation was
right when streaming media was hitting
and so it was one of those prime
examples of you could either pay a ton
of money and we're talking like season 1
on blu-ray is over $100 of next gen yeah
you could pay a ton of money have it
look amazing or you could watch the
standard-definition on Netflix and
people chose Netflix so they just didn't
make their money back for the blu-ray
release of the next-gen because no one
cared about quality they just wanted the
episodes what the quality versus
quickness right yeah yeah is that we
talk about all the time
and the people spoke and you know does
it's a it's a popular series on Netflix
and people love it and people just don't
care if it's in high-definition which is
great
High Street Co 60 bucks the season when
I first came out oh okay well now it's
over a hundred because they didn't sell
well so they didn't produce any more but
I I thought it was a super interesting
article about how the how the both the
series were produced and how they did
the effects and really really
fascinating and so to bring it all
around is why we're not gonna get
Voyager Deep Space 9 on blu-ray is
because they would have to do all of the
effects over again they would they have
to re-edit the episodes using the tapes
as guide points and it would be this
huge financial overtaking with and no
one would buy them because the those
shows weren't even as popular as the
next-gen shit so fascinating read go to
Trek news dotnet and you can read this
full interview with one of the producers
it was really great I loved it I loved
it and I said you know who's gonna want
to hear about Star Trek stuff that
rejects that rich Evans loved Star Trek
stuff
what is that thing that's a cipher desk
right in front of me I see that so if
you try to blow that up who your kind of
fact that right there just cyber disk
that right there's trouble that ride
there's a we like to call trouble
it's positioned horribly yeah if I kill
it I'm gonna take Splash Damage
does it blow up when it dies yes oh shit
I don't think it'll be enough to kill me
oh thank you colonel rich mustard ah has
AZ linked to the to the Trek news
article really fun read especially if
you're into editing and post-production
stuff which I really am it's just
interesting take that second shot or I
just get out of the way and not take the
splash damage save as many people as you
can right how much will it fuck you up
if you don't kill it I have Parmer oh oh
there will be deaths yeah okay well then
you gotta kill it then you gots to kill
it well
wise origins okay yeah I like hack and
slash dungeon crawler thank you I will
check out wise origins
I will check that out missed ya all
right anonymous says I rewatched Phantom
Menace why Lynne and it felt fun
compared to rogue one now that some time
has passed
what do you respect more the lazy Star
Wars prequels or the new and solace
cinematic universe comparing the
prequels to Episode seven in rogue one
rich Evans I love how into this game you
are take rogue water the prequels I have
set oh well that's great I have said it
before yeah
relative to their budget the prequels
are the worst films ever made
okay ever made mm-hmm I'll agree with
that relative to their budget yes yeah
how thin man's gonna kill someone
there's no
don't fuck up that shot sorry jack
trigger droids I've worked on several
commercials in different capacities both
just you know helping right being as a
creative consultant directing or editing
both television commercials and internet
commercials I've I've worked on mmm
probably 20 or 30 boom and you know what
I'll be with rich you know I I really
liked Episode seven I know rich is a
little hole Creek who was that and who
created rich that was that was Frisco
Jones
let's go Jones with the crit who's
rolling big 20s today whoo-hoo life but
yeah rogue one I didn't much care for
but I still like episode 7 and the
prequels are hot hot garbage hot garbage
I don't I don't like well I don't it's
not the worst film ever made it's not
very good don't characters serious
important action in a silly science
fiction universe yeah which is just hot
garbage hot garbage hot garbage I
suppose yeah if you're asking me to
which one like if if I got a gun to my
head and I have to watch one more I'd
watch rogue one again but rogue one has
characters I don't care about phantom
edison's characters I actively dislike
there we go that's all you need to know
that's great that's great that is great
any thoughts on the works of Don
Hertzfeld what's he done talking to me
like I'm an idiot I don't know
immediately what you're talking what
you're talking about
Don Hertzfeld is is a famous animator
and he's what he's most well known for
the little stick figure animations that
do crazy and absurd stuff he had a
wonderful collection of animations with
who's the king of the hill guy I might
the office space guy I might have seen a
lot of his work I I wouldn't know what
specifically was his to give you a
comment on him as a person and I can
tell you that I I love his work and and
he's brilliant and wonderful aha him her
Nana that sounds like I'm working more a
bit Mike judge thank you he has a
wonderful animation collection with Mike
judge and he also put out a movie called
what life is beautiful or done he's
great Don heartfelt is great I love his
work and and I hope he keeps my spoon is
too big but their stick figures and then
like they vomit it's great
once is it's great absurdist animation
once you oh then we need to just spend a
day and watch it whoa what is that
collection
what is that collection called I have it
at home
yeah his whole rejected series is on
this DVD he has a whole his whole series
called rejected which is uh you know the
the premise of the premise of it is all
these commercial pitches that were
rejected by advertisers but it's great
okay
oh yeah the spike in mic spike in mic
like animation festival collection great
it's over a decade old at this point I
believe it but you know what's still
beautiful and still wonderful we'll
spend a day and we will watch them and
they're great okay
amazing stuff okay turd smuggler 44 says
I've been listening to you while
developing film today and usually save
your streams for the weekend when I
develop your chitchat makes the darkroom
more fun so thank you for the early
stream you're welcome thank you yeah
hopefully you're working on some fun
projects thank you so those people he
kidnapped
this last photograph anyone together oh
is that it stick Lord spike in Mike's
sick and twisted animation festival it
was great it was great that's great I'll
make a rich I will make rich watch that
because because those are fantastic like
it has a bunch of like kind of early
king of the hill animation test with
Mike judge Kirk Kirk Kirk you'll let me
down he hit him rich he hit him he
didn't hit him good enough hit him like
crap that's you in james t kirk james t
kirk isn't a noted marksman rich that's
that's true yeah that's that that's
technically true yes come on come on
let's see what do we got here renegade
ik here uh says hey guys I just finished
uncharted for the combat is tedious the
platforming is fake platforming is
tensionless the story is overly padded
and predictable and the puzzles are
brain-dead simple fuck that game getting
the oh but it's the best thing ever
because it's narrative mmm immersive
linear linear immersiveness
abso-fucking-lutely rich I've heard some
people when I've I've accused I'm sure
if Naughty Dog games of not being
immersive yeah said well movies can be
immersive have you ever used the word
immersive to describe a movie ever I
have not once ever called a movie
immersive
epic I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna try
to I'm gonna try to visual masterpieces
I've never seen a movie I felt like I
was in that movie eyes immersive I have
heard I have I have never called a movie
mercy yeah I have heard people call
things like surround sound okay immerse
I know not I'm not I'm not gonna play
devil's advocate here but I think there
are aspects of movies that can help you
get immerse but know a movie is not is
not inherently an immersive artform okay
unlike unlike video games which are
inherently immersive would you say if
you are using that word you're using it
in an entirely different way when
regarding to movies immersiveness in
movies yes absolutely yeah it's it's a
diff thats a different type of immersion
look at you know remember movies are a
passive art form are a passive media you
you sit and the movie happens you have
no control you hey you can you couldn't
the only part you can play in a movie is
sitting there and watching it hey no
neon demon spoilers and I still need to
watch that
hello hax thank you for providing
quality entertainment during a very
stressful for a month of my life
lol pizzoli muy muy well I'm sorry
Christus smiled the Chi rusts the mild
cold that you're having a stressful time
but you know I'm glad we could be here
glad we could all bring some
entertainment
well then there you go Jack says
schweppe did you watch season 2 of the
man in the high castle if so what are
your thoughts on it
I enjoyed season one of the man in the
high castle you know that I started
watching it I just hated the characters
yeah nothing there were bad care if
she's there was nobody I could root for
yep yep and you know eventually some
some some characters get fleshed out a
little bit more and it's a it's an
alright show a season two just came out
recently and Lisa and I watched season
one and enjoyed it we're like okay hey
season two's out let's start watching
that right here's something for anyone
who has anything to do with television
programming writing the production of
television we need a goddamn recap at
the start of a new season if you start a
new season give me a recap even if it's
not episode one make it like a free to
watch pre episode one here's what you
know
previously on man in the high castle we
need it Lisa and I started watching
season two of man in the high castle
wait who is that guy again wait what's
happening and you know like it's a
little sci-fi II and a little timey
wimey and a little like other
dimensionally the man in the high castle
and so we spent all of episode 1 of
season 2 just going what who wait wait
who is that again Oh what happened
we were so confused that we want to
re-watch season 1 just to get prepared
for season 2 and we just don't care as
much we don't care we don't care to
watch it
instead we re watched the expanse season
1 and god damn it that's a great show oh
fuck you need to watch the expanse so
hard you need to watch it so hard season
2 it just came out and we watched the
first episode of season 2 and oh it's
good that and that is and you know what
they did a recap
we understood what was happening the the
the mid-season sense8
like technically episode 1 of season 2
came out and that it didn't start with a
previously on sense 8 they spent the
first 10 minutes
naturally recapping what happened in
season 1 just in the beginning of season
2 and it's like that's how that's how
you're supposed to do it that's good
filmmaking yeah and man in the high
castle did not do a good job of
reminding us what happened in season 1
so we were lost and confused and I'm so
sorry
fuck I love the expanse s absolutely you
do JK don't wait
great oh that's that Chad sighs Jack is
over hyping it I'm a little over hyping
it just because the new season is out
but I think it's a very good show it's a
very good sci-fi show I'm excited I'm
excited about the expanse and so yeah
I'm probably over hyping it hopefully
you can temper my excitement the sensate
christmas orgy special fuck yeah yeah it
was I'm super into that show
I like recaps but I don't think they are
necessarily needed if done correctly
they're not well liked my example of
sense8 sense8 spent the first 10 20
minutes setting up what was going to
happen in the episode but also just
through natural conversations the
characters recapped what happened in
season 1 so we we got a little refresher
of what every character is their basic
motivation what's happening in their
life what happened before and what their
plans are just all very organically and
oh shit oh I didn't know there was
another one lying around you go fuck
walking lucky rich that was amazing but
you know what if you don't if you're not
gonna put that natural recap into your
story a previously on would be nice even
even if it's even if it's a you put it a
youtube video up you know hey get
prepared for season 2 of the man in the
high castle here's what happened in
season 1 that would be this give me the
option yes since a did recast the South
African van driver and it was a little
off-putting they made a little joke
about it the character a character from
season 1 got recast in season 2 of sense
8 and he's having a conversation with
his buddy and the buddy goes you look a
little different what's going on and he
goes oh I got a haircut
so they made a little joke about it but
it was still yeah it's still off with
the orgy scene and cents a Christmas
special was better than Jupiter
ascending
i I'm still excited to see Jupiter
ascending I like white jazz skis I think
they make quality stuff I haven't seen
Jupiter ascending and I haven't seen
Cloud Atlas that's supposed to be a
weird one that they did
I haven't seen anything they've done
outside of like the Matrix films oh yeah
yeah did you see the Speed Racer why
would I want to see Speed Racer it's
pretty good it's pretty fun
III think it's I think it's a speed
racer's one that I think was shrugged
off by a lot of people because it's all
it's one of those all CG worlds yeah I
still think it's pretty but look that
look bad but in general I I haven't
heard good things about what they've
done post matrix actually I was gonna
say Matrix trilogy but just just matrix
oh yeah no but they have several strikes
against them just for the matrix equals
absolutely
I heard clot I heard um Jupiter
ascending is supposed to be utter
schlock but as someone who likes outer
schlock I might be okay with it can I
say I'm glad that the other one came out
as transgender
you're glad yeah because now you can
call on the Wachowski sisters sisters it
was really well there were the witch
house key brothers sure then what the
fuck are 
Rich: Then you could say it's the Siblings, the Wachowski Siblings, That doesn't have the same ring to it.
Jack: That doesn't.
Rich: But the Wachowski Sisters, that's got a ring to it! It works!
Jack: You know what, yeah.
Rich: So I'm, I'm glad they're both transgender.
Jack: I, I was unaware that, uh, the other one came out, or came out as transgender. So, I've just been so used to calling them the Wachowskis, which again does not have...it's, even the Wachowski Sisters, that makes them seem like an old-time Vaudeville act. Right?
Rich: Well, if the movie thing doesn't pan out. 
Jack: They get a song-and-dance routine going. They'd sell tickets like crazy. Can-can, can-can! We're the Wachowskis Sisters!
what are the odds
I'd say fairly high yeah well is there a
genetic link to this not that I've heard
well if there is a genetic link it would
make sense sure if its environmental it
would make sense cuz they both grew up
in the same environment okay and if it's
something in between they would also
make sense cuz they grew up in the same
environment so I'd say it's
pretty likely Jupiter ascending is utter
schlock but fun they said that's what
I've heard I've heard it's just schlock
adesh lakh but I'm okay with Shalaka D
Sherlock so alright I think I'm done for
now
that's fine you can be done for now I
think that's absolutely fine rich those
those missions are hair-raising when you
when you have no arm oh by the way
though
look at this Promotions yeah people came
out unscathed
except for Frisco who apparently died
what did Frisco die
no it was cold that's for their class oh
oh so I thought the whole class everyone
else had promotions and so he didn't get
a promotion there'd be a big red thing
here okay first I saw this going great
darkest well I don't want to oh don't
forget to save and upload your save to
the cloud saving here's the thing the
saving it's done automatically right
because it's I remember right yeah I
can't quit the game without saving and
even if I did some guy weird alt tab
where I closed the exe and I don't close
the game properly it would have saved it
like the beginning or the end of that
last turn attack yeah okay the weird
thing with the cloud was what wouldn't
this automatically it should
automatically update I think you have to
set it you have to set it to automatic
wouldn't be using it at all if it's not
what must have you played I never
manually told it to download anything to
upload anything to the cloud and yet
this older safe with mokey was there
I've played at home a bunch
I don't but that was after you know
playing here and doing that you should
have uploaded to the club just naturally
I don't know I don't know man it's weird
I'm saying is it's weird yeah mokey I
had a miracle yet a miracle I yeah I'm
not in favor of undoing the death here
you don't get a choice mokey mokey ran
so fast that he went back in time and
reset the timeline like flashpoint
and now things are the same but they're
kind of different and and now the future
will try to reset itself and there will
be unforeseen consequences Moki you do
you remember the last dream I think was
last dream I think you made all this
Leonard the duck Steve Gerber the
creator of Howard the Duck right kind of
stole and replace them with a clone
right right
did you know Marvel did that with the
flesh what Marvel did that with the
flash I don't know this story please
tell it to me I was I was just reading
more about the line of the duck things
reminiscing yeah really worried because
we're talking about it and I read a
story were you remember
DC's crisis on Infinite Earths mmm and
Barry Allen that that flash died he was
dead for 23 years they didn't bring him
back from 23 years later really that
character was dead for a while okay but
the that flash died during crisis on
Infinite Earths okay he ran so fast that
he dissolved and didn't oh yeah yeah you
know what I had didn't read the comic
but I saw it's one of the more famous
kind of book deaths yeah five years
later there was an issue of quasar where
they're having some kind of like
galactic race and see what the fastest
person in the galaxy was and this
mysterious blond-haired man with a
tattered red costume just materialized
with amnesia he came from some other
dimension what's your name I don't
remember it sounds something like buried
Allen mmm that's hilarious
so Marvel stole the flesh they stole
Barry Allen that's great that's great
what's quasar
there's a Marvel character sure comics
comics get complicated a lot comics are
complicated
is what I'll say
