Episode 727
Ni OH MY GOD!!! (Part 1)
February 25, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iH82vP7HdKc
___________________________________________

wait we're going are you sure we're sure
about that I know but all we have we all
I have to go on is my assumptions okay
it begins great hey everybody welcome
for some reason when we when we stream
using the elgato and the PlayStation 4
it messes up all the aspect ratios of
everything and so that's why there's no
camera on us and our overlay is gone be
everything's messed up so everything's
fine I'm sure everyone's fine they can
hear us and they could see a game
extreme Issa's the overlay it's like
they come from y'all a overlay they come
here for the overlay they stay because
they like the overlay right that's right
Alan Alan Smithee is here in the house
you spelled Smithee
I know fuck sorry that I don't know how
to spell Alan Smithee s I am art SM i th
I only put one e the famous Alan Smith
Fela famous Alan Smithee and he's famous
something that was ruined the bit was
ruined that that's spelling a smithy
that's like when the real the real Alan
Smithee doesn't want to be credited for
something one yeah he's Alan Smith I
know we pissed off all of the weaboos
with our panty party video I didn't
watch the video but I saw though I saw
the title and it made me laugh we sure
played a little bit of that panty party
oh god what is it it's it's a game where
you play as a girl who can turn into a
flying pair of panties
and you have to shoot lasers at other
pairs of panties she lasers where do the
lasers appear from you did the panties
just wherever just from wherever okay i
panties and there's a magical talking
pair of panties that guides you there's
too many panties for one game there's so
many panties and that's it like that's
all we could play and then and then
there's one point in the game where a
very young girl asked us what our
favorite pair of panties was and we said
nope done don't want to play anymore
thanks Japan
that is quite literally the exact joke
bed rich made oh really I'm so it was
great but I think it was pretty funny
what funny episode so there was a debate
whether we would put it up in general
just because it's panty party oh I don't
even like saying saying that that sounds
gross I know I know it's super gross but
I thought at least we might get some
some jokes like that's why we did check
a few we got a few but it's like yeah
yeah well this will be a wacky silly
you just feel creepy immediately it just
felt creepy superfast sure but that's
okay cuz we're playing me oh now I am
I've never touched this game before no
we have not played it yet nobody likes
cutscenes I'm gonna skip this oh thank
god now I'm gonna be lost now I'm not
gonna know what the hell's happening I
got run around and hid things for the
Thord I'll be fine
this this is billed as Dark Souls but
with samurais so hard difficulty you
collect things that are like Souls to
level up but you're a samurai only
you're not a samurai cuz you're a white
dude I think you're Irish
in fact so it's like the Great Wall of
China it's just like the Great Wall not
the groom it's just the great was just
the Great Wall
just the Great Wall the film that is
coming out a white man starring Matt
Damon
according to reports people who have
seen it he's not the star he's like
co-starring
really we're just trying to promote it
as yeah Matt Damon movie because he's
the famous one Damon no no what about
the accusations that this is
whitewashing I've seen that around yeah
I've seen that around that's a Chinese
made movie made by Chinese people so
it's fine
no I doubt that the Chinese people are
racist against Chinese people we don't
want Chinese people in our films the the
Chinese Board of Film and propaganda
says we can't have Chinese people in
this know they they they wanted Matt
Damon in because they are still trying
to legitimize the Chinese film industry
and so by borrowing one of our Hollywood
stars it lends credibility to their
productions sure well you have a big
opening in China you can have a big
opening in the US because it's a US star
exactly and movie doesn't look
interesting at all but the monsters
there's magic monsters magic and Matt
Damon
that's all you three M's that's what
every movie needs Don Dahler had the
three B's China has the three ms who did
what at Don Dahler have blood boobs and
beasts oh nice yeah monsters magic and
Matt Damon has this formula ever been
used before I think about Matt Damon
movies has he ever been in a movie with
monsters and magic I don't think so I
don't think so this is testing this is
testing the magical mo theory this is
the start of a whole new genre yeah
here's the other question does it have
to be Matt Damon they're gonna be any
three em no it has to be Matt Damon okay
cuz it's like you know what if it's
monsters magic and Matthew Lillard then
that's the UH that's like the
direct-to-video knockoff called pretty
okay well yeah
decent Walter the guy you are playing as
says mister try smile this man right
here is based on a real guy who has also
been portrayed in the miniseries and
book Shogun so this is apparently based
on a real we're a pirate we're a pirate
he's a pirate so he's not a samurai as a
pirate he's a pirate he wears samurai
close though he's got that gun just
weren't short well he's been in jail
he's up because he's a pirate you know I
have to leave you far as very Souls ish
is there others lock on we got water you
can't beat them join them
what dark souls oh yeah oh it's very
dark souls everything just about
everything there's enough difference to
get to make the learning curve a little
annoying to be quite honest with you
like Dark Souls you use the triggers to
fight is it rebinding of any kind oh
maybe
I like foodie water I'm a fan of
flavorless fizzy water call me
old-fashioned pickup that's the thing
you pick up call me old-fashioned but I
think fire is magic and it scares me
that's from estate you've never watched
the state I have watched this day no you
have I thought you hadn't I
I've watched a bit of the state and I'd
never much cared for I love the state
which is shocking because I love David
Wayne movies yeah have you like without
American summer how could you not like
the state it wasn't my thing I got
really into Stella like I think that was
great
Stella was great state I don't know you
know who I think it was time winning
really yeah I liked I'm on him I like
him now yeah I don't know I don't know
I'm okay with the state yeah I have
nothing against the state you shouldn't
lots of wonderful comedic actors came
from the state Ken Marino
oh yeah he's great like he's like a
ringer if you're trying to make
something funny and you need a
supporting character throw Ken Marino in
there absolutely I think he's probably
the best performer on that show or out
of that group like Michael Ian Black
yeah that's funny people right
that other guy Michael Showalter well
sure yeah well they had their show
Showalter Ian Black David Wain who I
know I'm thinking of like the little guy
who rides the motorcycle on what an
American summer what's this Oh Joe lo
Truglio so much yeah I like him too
mmm it's over when he finds out that uh
Ken Marino's a virgin and he's like so
angry he's like you are a loser there's
a little tantrum is great yeah Oh
Americans over how do I do the healing I
picked up a healing item how do I do
Oh so press down on the pad the big pad
yeah and go to equipment oh it's quick
items you can do it in items as well and
then down there in the shortcut menu
okay okay and here's where it sits
things are a little complicated so as
you will hold a button and have an
alternate number of shortcuts well yeah
yeah so it so you choose a shortcut okay
do you have a healing item that crap
nope did you use it maybe our back go
back I did photograph something sick oh
but also that way you're in armor you're
not in shortcuts I was not here
oh yeah okay yeah it's fine great figure
it out later
oh wait you're in the menu still get out
of the menu you might have used it
already because you are at full help
okay okay
me oh my god right it's pretty easy to
name so you're calling the stream you
know whatever what else are you gonna
name it
no sure I just found a Tower of London
code okay
maybe I can't put it on you yeah yeah
you should be able to put it on you
found I see some boots okay stop stop
yeah
press l1 until you're at the little
samurai mask okay you have some boots
okay you tell of London guard boots
which are already equipped all right all
right okay oh you didn't hold it well
that's why you got to pick it up men you
still get out of the menu there you go
yay on a it's by the way I want to say
the first hour of just playing this game
was figuring out the goddamn man uses it
is not user friendly whoa where do I go
to the Big O the big pad you can do this
rich I believe in you that's why I hate
playing games for the very first time on
stream I don't like it I like I'm rich
we're gonna get through this together we
can do anything by working with each
other you know you know do you know what
the most powerful ship in the Navy is
the friendship that's terrible
yeah yeah it is you know what it is it's
absolutely terrible
I said it and that's what we're doing
let's just keep going
great what's today's date the 8th that
sounds right it is the 8 great anonymous
says if you do stream Resident Evil 4
some trivia that might make it more
interesting for rich is that the first
over-the-shoulder third or that it's the
first over-the-shoulder third-person
shooter I heard oh also the directors
follow-up shooter was vanquish breeches
favorite but it's the wait it's I think
is gonna say something else I'm just got
to mention the vanquish connection I
mean it's that first over-the-shoulder
third-person shooter that's what he's
saying it beat vanquish that's gonna get
beat yours a walk to the punch
that's okay can't be that can't be true
according to you would you like me to
look it up
yes you would great I will get right out
I will go to Wikipedia would you like to
know more back in the day yeah on the PC
you could play Jedi Knight third person
I guess was a shoulder as a mod or no
like you could switch the camera the
third person I guess it wasn't over the
shoulder whatever that's worth which I
don't really care about one way or the
other
Resident Evil 4 January 2005 Gears of
War Gears of War 2006 so yeah Resident
Evil beat Gears of War by a couple years
for the first over-the-shoulder but how
do you know there's not have one before
as an evil force because I'm assuming
what anonymous told me is correct that's
that's always the best waited just
assume anyone that is a complete
stranger if they tell you something you
gotta assume it's true always always
oh that's right we looked into this for
the gears episode Killswitch you
remember that yeah number cover-based
what's Killswitch was also third version
I think we're arguing about a subtle
camera positioning we are would you I
that doesn't matter to me in any way
shape or form I hate to say my
preference is Mouse and first-person
sure
Killswitch was 2003 Killswitch was 2003
and I've already forgotten what the
Resident Evil 2000 after that was 2004
yeah so kill switches got it again kill
switch the game no one played made
history no one played that sometimes
happens wasn't the first movie to use CG
the young Sherlock Holmes which nobody
remembers that's right I think that's
the first movie you see gee there's like
the stained glass window that comes to
life or stained glass window monster
yeah I've never seen the movie but I
think that's the first use of CG and
nobody nobody knows that movie right
aside from that little footnote nobody
ever talks about that movie you're in
the menu still well that's that's bad
design choice yes yes by the way like in
in blood-borne or Dark Souls when you go
into the menu like it's way up in your
face and so you know if the menu is on
here the menu gets out of the way
first CG character is what there's a
perceived character of her that makes
sense and that CG still looks great I
have no idea
I've never seen the movie I've seen a
couple clips of that scene but I've
never seen a movie
like in this it's it's Dark Souls I like
that enemies apparently have stamina
yeah and you can see there you can see
their stamina gauge which is very nice
later you can upgrade your attacks to do
special things when their stamina is low
it's nice it's nice
ok where was I I was nowhere I was
floating
humberto Cabbage Patch says in evening
gentlemen who is the greatest living
American other than Tom Brady and rich
Evans but oh dude Tom Brady just went
another Super Bowl does that Tom Brady
or was that a different person who
wanted I didn't even watch the Super
Bowl
great I didn't once the Packers were out
I stopped paying any attention
Bill Gates okay it's Bill Gates is a
super billionaire and created something
people use every day and and now
hey I'm like and now novena living
America living and now spends all of his
day giving money back to those who are
in dire need Bill Gates is the greatest
living American well all right or
jean-claude Van Damme one not an
American we're not sure if he's alive
I'm gonna go with Shia LaBeouf yeah and
what's why he's a very deep and talented
artist no I don't know if you're aware
that's true he's not a complete fraud
whatsoever
great as I said Neal Breen yes that's
the right answer
oh he's the greatest at everything
you're right
neoprene is the greatest and everything
he does all the time ah la hob hello
rich Jack and Jay what are your
favourite half of the bag or best to the
worst episodes also have you seen
Scorsese's new movie silence now I
haven't seen silence yet the Christmas
episode the first one is a good one
I gotta go with the Miami connection
Deadly Prey our ticket to Hawaii that's
that's the most consistently
entertaining on very true those are the
best movies movies yeah I guess I might
be different as far as all-around
episode you know that was just a good
day and that's what that's why I'm so
fond of it all three movies were fun to
watch the discussion no for elves yeah
Santa Claus yeah extremely fun yeah yeah
I gotta give it to you
bigboy 15 want him to say hi hello
anonymous says you guys I figured about
Tommy Wiseau is corey feldman from the
future very little is known about
Tommy's past and Cory is getting weirder
I don't think Cory is getting weirder I
think he's been weird for a very long
time and he's just now getting
mainstream media exposure again for the
first time in a very long time he's been
doing the weird Michael Jackson ripoff
shit for decades that's true dad he has
always been weird the the problem is
he's still doing it so people starting
to like the source of his mental state
and like pointing cameras towards him
yeah which is why I didn't care like he
was on was a good morning in America
where we performed and it went viral and
I saw it I was like yeah he's weird and
this is sort of embarrassing whatever
and then they invited him back and so
people are like you see his new
performances new and it's like I just
felt like he was being like exploited oh
wait yeah let's turn our cameras towards
the crazy yeah it sorry it just kind of
made me feel not that I have like an
affection for corey feldman but I still
felt like kind of bad for him yeah like
he's being taken advantage of yeah I'm
with you
he's a sowed like desperately trying to
cling to any little amount of Fame that
he's willing to just embarrass himself
it's equipment going to be constantly
breaking so far it has not for me okay I
have none I'm getting a lot of
duplicates swords yeah and things
oh no and if it's if it's not equipped
you can pick everything up if it's not
equipped it doesn't count towards your
weight - this has a weight system a lot
like the other games but if it's not
equipped it doesn't count so just pick
up everything and that's what I say
and we'll say in relation to corey
feldman know that ascension millennium
video is truly a work of art it's that's
that's the good kind of failure where
it's just like it's like watching a
great bad movie yep really every
technical aspect is wrong that's
beautiful and just no one was there to
be like no maybe we should do another
take
yeah things got fucked up now we're just
gonna keep going yeah maybe we need to
rethink this idea cuz it doesn't look
good
yeah it's like you had the idea to do
the one shot thing and and it's just so
poorly executed right and you know at
that point like I could see like whoever
was operating a camera like Corey
probably paid him yeah because like he's
not doing him a favor
right so Corey probably paid him he's
just like oh this is what you want to
shoot you're okay with this of course
like yeah I'll put your name in the
credits and he goes no I'm good I'm good
I'm just here you know just the check
cash cash please actually I was in the
menu oh god that's awful the menu yeah
the menus I it takes a little bit to get
used to
Colonel rich mustard I've I'm a couple
hours in this game was sold to me as
dark souls with samurais and so far my
my review is close enough just close
enough
not a bad thing not a good things I go
right I'm a little bit out right right
now I was speaking of by the way Tommy
Wiseau
have you seen the picture of James
Franco understand me wise though I've
seen a couple pictures I was wondering
what happened to that movie cuz I feel
like they shot it like two years ago but
I just read something the other day that
it's supposedly gonna be premiering at
South by Southwest this year so it's
finally coming out I guess I know
there's a documentary about the room
made by some of the people that were in
the room so the actors okay and Tommy
Wiseau has been like trying to keep it
from getting released like he's been
doing like legal action and stuff
because he's Tommy was so and he's kind
of an ass crazy yeah yeah I think it's
called roomful of spoons what what room
full of spoons a documentary about the
making of the room alright and is he
trying to get it shut down because he's
not making any money off probably yes
yes I'm sure I think yes some sort of
like steak in the James Franco movie so
oh sure they go ahead and make it yeah
but yeah as far as I know the
documentary was made without his
involvement whatsoever so he wants to
shut that down something that makes me
look bad and I don't get any money i I'm
over that tommy was so he just seems
like kind of a jerk the room is a
comedic masterpiece but I haven't felt
the urge to watch it in a very long time
yeah sure by the way I don't know I I
also heard Jay say a broom full of
spoons how no room as in the room but
all said yes came from different stairs
oh the disaster artist has an audiobook
narrated by Greg oh yeah and he
apparently he does a great Tommy
impression oh I haven't listened to it
I've read the book it's a great book one
of these days I'll see the movie and
read the book
right I'm sure the problem is I gotta
find a group of people who haven't seen
it that's the hard part and see it with
that group of people who are also into
bad movies because I like I know boy you
should have seen it in the theatre they
used to play it at the Oriental all the
time that's the way to see it actually
that might not be the way to see it cuz
the last couple times I went there I was
so rowdy and everyone gets a screaming
so much that it kind of wasn't fun ruin
the experience yeah no I mean well that
was the one yeah you were there that was
the one where tell me who so was there
yeah that one was really bad but even
though I went to it a couple times
before that and every time it got a
little bit noisier a little bit a little
bit worse sure no I need to find a small
group of people who are into bad movies
and haven't seen the world so what I'm
saying is I will never see them and I'm
not by the way I'm perfectly content
with that yeah my family doesn't like
bad movies though not the way I like bad
dude dude dude dude oh dude
all right hold on hey Jay I heard you
like synth wave yeah what are your
favorite synth wave fans
uh I like carpenter brut quite a bit
carpenter perturbator I think they're
called that's a great yeah yeah those
two I like quite a bit I like the
because some of it just sounds like
exactly like the kind of cheesy 80s
stuff and then the stuff I like is more
of the things that are that kind of
sound like a more sort of like
romanticized idea of what that music was
and has more of like a drive like a like
a beat to it sure that's right like
carpenter brut look up um I think the
song is called turbo killer there's a
music video for carpenter brood that's
pretty awesome called turbo Kay I think
it's called turbo killer this is the
thing I listen to this music but I don't
pay attention to song titles or albums
it's good music to just put in put on in
the background while you're doing other
things oh yeah
pray kind of equals bonfire lit that fat
samurai pray is like when you sit at the
bonfire to to regain all of your health
and stamina but it also resets every
time rich prays at the altar he gets all
of his health and stamina back but it
also resets all of the enemies you are
going the wrong way yes yeah Jay
actually would probably really dig the
hotline Miami soundtrack yeah people
always mention that yeah there's the
camera bad what as me or is the camera
bad up those stairs yes normally is in
general fun in general is fine are you
locking on to people yeah okay in
general it's fine it's it's kind of the
same as blood-borne Dark Souls if you're
in a tight hallway it's a little nuts
but
up those stairs yes very bad I noticed
the same thing mister stat leveling
there is
there is
the the rough part with the hotline
Miami soundtrack just thinking of like
good synth wave albums is some of the
tracks are just like almost room tone
ambience oh sure and you come across one
of those tracks and it's no good it has
some amazing songs in it but overall as
an album like I skip a lot I really
comes on I really want there to be a
weapon combo system there's a hotline
Miami playlist on Spotify shit yeah
what do you mean right I will save that
mixing up light and heavy attacks
they're different things yes wouldn't it
be nice yes it would be very come on
Team Ninja you're made Ninja Gaiden I
know he made Ninja Gaiden the original
well they're 3d ones now it's it's a
group of game developers who have made a
bunch of hack and slash games known for
their like combo system okay and they're
a thing off of the Dark Souls
blood-borne people who there is a combo
system but it's not like as intense but
there is like a light light texturing
heavy combos it's really light extremely
simple combo system but there is one and
this game so far as I've seen does not
have a combo system and so then you're
just pressing one button over and over
and over again and it makes combat not
so satisfied a little repetitive yeah
well in blood-borne the strategy was
more just when to hit them when the
dodge didn't need a combo system but it
was there yeah it was there and boy
that's so hardly worth talking about a
blood-borne ose that's what made the
combats of fluid for me is you know
light light extend the weapon heavy you
know you could you could do a lot in
blood-borne z' combat system what Bart
was like knowing you know attacking
these guys works back with the quick
fast Reich's and though this enemy you
really want to charge up the big heavy
strike know this enemy you want to you
want to do that the riposte
and then attack them that's that was
blood-borne strategy I don't know that
it that blood war did that mean a combo
system
it made the kind it didn't need it it
made the combat system more fluid okay
to have that option and satisfying doing
like they'll appear
Perry slaughter I was doing a lot of
hand motions there we really wish you
guys could have seen that it was awesome
yeah yeah okay yellow ranger yes Jade
just mentioned he listened to perturb
perturbator perturbator perturbator
turbo ater I think is what's her berate
er I don't know names or things I think
that's where I came over perturbator yes
like it yeah I like them
hey guys says John 1089 loved the newest
nerd crew however Mike sang one of his
top movies was signals similar I'm sorry
that when someone tipped it moved
everything down right Mike saying one of
his top movies was Warcraft went beyond
suspension of disbelief I liked that
movie but can assure you know YouTube
nerds did okay okay we'll go back in and
read up the video I never I was kind of
curious just cuz I like Duncan Jones but
I never saw it how maybe I'll rent it
one of these days I'm very curious about
worker whatever more than anything is
like that's not terrible it's just
really dull yeah and and sort of
confusing if you're not already familiar
with that world yeah so I've kind of
been curious about it I have a very good
friend who still to this day plays with
the same World of Warcraft crew he's
been playing with for the past I mean at
this point 15 years oh wow I mean like
they go to visit each other they all
have kids they know each other's kids
it's just like every couple times a week
they all they'll play together yeah like
what do you think about this Warcraft
movie he's like no one cares that's the
things like it's your you get immersed
in the world right like that's the whole
reason to play the game so why would you
want to see a version of that where you
don't where it's not you like I said
what yeah also like Warcraft is your
character right yeah it seems like an
odd thing to adapt to movie yeah so he
he said all like all the people he knows
we were super into Warcraft and just
don't give a shit about the movie you
know the plane wave flops the except for
in China did really well the Chinese
they loved it I wonder how popular the
game is in China I wonder if they saw it
is like a fantasy movie you want to go
that way thank you I am completely
everything looks the same it's very easy
no no I don't want to no no there's
there's a set of stairs over here
want to go down I just came from this
way
I am so awesome everything looks the
same go this way this is the way to go
now go all the way down these sticks
although it no cowboy down
yeah you're on our way
sassy look there's something new you're
fine
Tom Hardy says he's still trying to get
a splinter cell movie made
what are they just gonna give up the
Assassin's Creed movie came out that
flops floppity floop can't can't they
just stop nope haven't they figured it
out yet they you know why cuz they got
they got a couple series that are their
workhorses they got that Resident Evil
series yeah and that's why I don't know
if the new one is done well I haven't
paid any attention like financially it
probably did okay but I haven't paid any
attention I was looking into this and
people had me on their podcast the other
week and we were talking about Resident
Evil games in the movies and so I went
looking into the budget and the box
office for all the Resident Evil movies
he's make Hank oh yeah well I don't
think they cost a whole lot to make they
may have a relatively cheap for
achievement and the latest one was a
price drop in the budget area oh really
I want to say the last Resident Evil
movie was 60 million this one was only
40 bucks oh wow
usually with sequels like keep until
they stop making money they every movie
gets a little bit more expensive but
they still make money you know we're
overseas oh sure that's where they want
them but like the Resident Evil series
has been a consistent workhorse for
whoever whatever studio puts that out
yeah and they've been making them for so
long
mm-hmm that first one is like what mm if
one doesn't - right
yeah and Milla Jovovich just doesn't age
so that's why they can keep making them
she's fucking great I like her a lot
just as a person I wish he did more
stuff I don't know she's in much aside
from the Resident Evil movies that's all
she needs to do yeah Sam she's set she's
sitting gets to hang out with a family
maybe yeah make the movies and now that
it's over though what you're gonna do
the fight it is called the final chapter
and if history has taught us anything so
when your movie is called the final
chapter it is definitely the last one
they don't make six or seven more what's
what's Lucas all working on maybe he
wants me about like Friday the 13th
that's what I'm talking about yeah that
was the fourth movie in a series that's
now well would have been up to 13 if
they didn't cancel the new one
was the reboot good uh it's a Friday the
13th movie okay it felt like another
Friday the 13th movie visually I seen
clips visually it looks nice
the the mm what was that 2009 somebody
made yeah yeah it's it's a fine Friday
the 13th movies just as dumb as it needs
to be that's the thing of that series
like I I love them but I know they're
not anything great
they're just fun as dumb as it needs to
keep keep it simple with those movies
once you start having them go to space
even though space one's kind of fun like
Jason goes to hell really introduced the
idea that he can like body swap it's
like just get a bunch of dumb horny
teenagers have a big dumb silent guy
violently murdered them yeah I know Luke
Masson is doing valerian which looks
great by the way
I don't even think I've seen the trailer
for that I've heard of this great it's
brown have any sort of strong feelings
about Lucas on I liked the professional
yeah and I still one of these days need
to re-watch the fifth element yes you do
but aside from that I don't think I care
about him what what else has he done
then I should carry me Leah Jovovich the
Joan of Arc movie I did not oh it's
pretty crazy looking him up cuz yeah
what else did did he do see oh I'm a
near death and I don't even know it I
think he produced Lucy let me see her I
didn't see all you need to know is he
did the fifth element and that's the
greatest movie ever he did do eat a
direct Lucy yeah what does this other
crap he's directed Arthur and the
revenge of Mel Mel 2 xored what is this
crap fuck yeah what the hell is this
some crazy French bullshit I'm sure yes
cuz it's Luke best oh he don't give no
fuck
I thought he directed more things yeah I
did the professional and then Fifth
Element then that Joan of Arc movie yep
then several years of things I've never
heard of these a series of movies with
Arthur in the title Lucy yeah I don't
care about Lucas on yre
what the Fifth Element is a movie that I
love one of these days already watch it
with too much passion I'll watch it and
I'll just I'll just try and zone out
what's-his-face
Chris Tucker that was the reason I had
trouble getting through when I first saw
it I hated him so much yes you're
supposed more so than Jar Jar well I
watched all of the Phantom Menace I did
not watch all the fifth element oh he's
so annoying that it killed anything in
that movie for me I know it scared
you're supposed to be annoying I get
that but it's still I'm still holding a
grudge fifteen years later however long
it's apparently I will rewatch it one of
these days I loved his character
I loved the I loved any scene with him
and Bruce Willis it was my favorite
well what rapid camera movement
anonymous says hi thanks for all the
entertainment the last prereq made me
wonder if you've seen errant signals
similarly topic videos that's no game
beginner's guide Stanley parable if not
they're kind of neat rich have you seen
that no you're in the overlay or you're
in the menu before what do they do that
it's a really dumb design decision right
I wanted to warn you before you got no
fight I have not seen it but I might be
interested in it that was a fun episode
I enjoyed that episode our abstract an
electron episode talking about weird
indie arty games harmed anonymous says
Jack where is that beautiful overlay I
know we decided to - can it because our
monitors are acting funny
this looks so bland and unprofessional
you're totally right about us also a
great best of the worst guys I hope Jack
never gets a turn on link ed oh I'm
gonna get a turn I mean the next one
will not gonna get it I think guarantee
it every single damn time you guys
alright humberto Cabbage Patch says
where did you get the stock music for
feeding frenzy the first time I watched
the movie I instantly recognized it from
a South Park episode yeah if you watch
surely South Park episodes you'll hear
that same music oh yeah yeah oh great
there's a whole backstory to that to the
music and feeding frenzy that I won't
get into but it was we hired a guy that
kind of arranged everything so where the
stock music came from I couldn't tell
you
boy beads I have played Thomas was alone
rich if you played Thomas was alone no
oh it's a it's a cute little puzzle
platformer it's a little on the Rd side
very similar to Stanley parable a lot of
voiceover narration adorable adorable
game Thomas was alone Jay really
important question what is the best
talking head song uh this must be the
place
slash naive melody that's the song the
one played at my funeral
I'm already planning for that stuff
that's a good idea beefcake I'm gonna
bring my own clean kettleball I'm gonna
go rogue
then they won't be able to stop rogue
one I'll die at the end
spoiler alert spoiler alert for a movie
that everybody's stopped talking about
already yeah no one's talking about that
movie anymore nope that was quick
that's weird they're well they'd the
title for the next one came out so now
they've moved on to that and this will
continue so we're all dead
yep yeah death that's why I'm already
playing in my funeral I gotta get away
from Star Wars
let's see here anonymous says one thing
yell didn't mention in your Miami
connection review is the fact that
despite its name the movie takes place
almost entirely in Orlando yeah I think
there's like one I think the opening is
in Miami and that's the only part that's
the connection that's the connection
yeah though he doesn't have to take
place all in Miami it just has to have a
connection to it right that's where this
brilliant film are you questioning that
film by the way the Miami connection was
that's where the drugs were coming from
because that's where the ninjas were in
the opening yes that was the Miami
connection it's perfect it's brilliant
we understood the movie perfectly
brilliant so you settle down a little
bit anonymous how about that I'm trying
to think there's there's a move there's
got to be a movie I think I'm there's
something somewhere in my brain that's
like the name of a town or the name of a
state or something and then the movie
has nothing to do with that
maybe someone the check and figured out
there's something in my brain that this
is something that exists but I don't
know what it and I'm not thinking to
Brazil no are you thinking of that like
something Wisconsin oh there's a movie
called Milwaukee Minnesota I walk in
Minnesota which I know people that
worked on that movie you think I'm
walking
Indiana Jones that's it it's Indiana
Jones and no point do they go to Indiana
Idaho transfer I don't know what that is
no Fargo takes place in Fargo my own
private Idaho
Fargo similar to Miami connection though
where it's only one very very tiny part
of the movie takes place in Fargo I
think it could have been called the
Fargo connection
the Fargo connection would have been a
much better title no China Illinois
takes place in China Illinois the
fictional city China Illinois is that a
movie yeah do you know who what's his
name Brad Neely is it makes like little
did you ever see
he makes little animated shorts did you
ever see like he has a little rap about
George Washington about how George
Washington is so awesome I don't know
what this is your time oh he's great he
also has a series called babycakes about
this like giant fat bald man child okay
and heat now and now he has a show on
Adult Swim culture with all the stupid
characters and it's great it's very it's
very weird and it's just
Brad million nett familiar he he did
back in the day before this was the
thing that people did he did an entire
overdub of the Harry Potter movies using
his own voices like and he does very
strange voices where he's like and hair
he would walk into the wizard table and
that old wizard fucks it Harry yeah get
off my shit man
and so you know you'd see you'd have to
sync it up and watch the Harry Potter
with no sound and listen to him just do
voices for everyone for the whole bird
what just like the first movie or I want
to say the first two movies Wow yeah
that's dedication they were it was great
the old YouTube vid Washington yep
Washington fucking Washington six foot
tall made of radiation wizard people
that's what it's called wizard people
thank you chest
is this on YouTube or something like the
audio or where do you get it oh this was
ages ago I have no idea when do those
movies come out a while
mm I mean as far as internet goes yeah
I'd have no idea where to get him now
like I want to say I I like Heather and
this was before torrents and so like I
think I had to use like Kazaa Sam oh
right to get the audio that he
distributed on cuz I or Shazam himself
because he couldn't make any money there
was a hole there in a whole documentary
he was a part of about I want maybe it's
called wizard people to like about the
Harry Potter subculture Wow
it's very strange documentary Jack no
rich found out where to go he's that's
fine he's fine
LimeWire yeah I'm wired edonkey do you
remember that one
I didn't renews II don't you called eat
I think it's called a donkey it was
something donkey oh it is on YouTube now
great we should all watch that and enjoy
a little brand-new night what a
beautiful man what a beautiful beautiful
man all right let's see hi guys this dr.
doom it up J I recently showed bone
tomahawk to my mostly mainstream
watching friends and to my surprise they
loved it no good they also liked Krampus
and I'm showing them turbo kid next yeah
fuck it well first of all you've got the
makings of a movie night right there
yeah turbo kid is a crowd pleaser
servo kids watch that on my birthday a
couple years ago but what a great what a
great like evening yeah bunch of people
watching serve okay now watching turbo
kid cheering as you do with turbo kids
to do it servo kid okay he's looking for
other
suggestions dr. doom adapt is um mostly
mainstream but the help that mainstream
people like but doesn't have to be
completely mainstream um right
that's tough
trying to think it's my inclination is
always to get like too weird but then
you know you don't wanna turn everybody
else I mean any any of the older John
Carpenter movies if they haven't seen
you know Big Trouble in Little China
that's a crowd-pleaser
oh I mean that's certainly a little more
mainstream than something like turbo kid
but yeah your friends have not seen it
it's a wonderful film that's it that's a
good one to start dipping into a little
bit of weirdness yeah batter they live
yeah find one to get to get your mostly
mainstream friends into
Deathstalker no no one should know I'm
so much desktop no one needs to have a
Deathstalker night like you need a turbo
kid night yes that's for sure
you don't need a Deathstalker thinking
about showing them escape from New York
absolutely no that's a great one they
might find a boring skip from New York's
a little slow it a little dry I love it
but something like big trouble Oh China
will play better with a crowd yeah
I always just fun from the first frame
agreed agreed
bad news everyone hi rich hi hi Jack hi
hi Jay hello in the superhero what the
head armor it looks so stupid it wasn't
worth it what so superficial right yeah
I admitted no I don't give a fuck that's
fair no that's fair
okay in the superhero best the worst
episode Jay mentioned Superman three and
four would be good movies for a future
episode just want to say hope that
happens
Cheers kind of set yeah well I wanna say
like cuz I think we had an idea to do
like the decline of the super n sequels
whatever dude super in two then three
then four but I don't feel like two
would be good to do no 2 is pretty solid
yeah I mean Superman for if we could
just top and put that like with two
other shitty superhero movie which is
the one with the Richard Pryor's at four
that's three three three three is not
great but four is fucking terrible yeah
that's a prime best of the worst movie
okay but we would need to team it up
with two more come from movies what I'll
tell you this if you have a copy of low
blow to and you can get it to us before
Saturday well it's not called low blow
too though no it's not it's called uh
let me see if I can find it blood
streets and if you can get that to us
are in Leo Fong before Saturday we would
not complain it would be put to good
use what would you do if you if you do a
decline of superhero episodes you have
Superman for what out what else could go
in there like wait wait wait what do you
mean decline no no we were gonna do the
decline in the Superman movie yeah where
they they increasingly get worse oh I
don't think I would want to do I
definitely would want to do too and I
don't think I want that we would do
three but four we could do well and
that's Superman episode 2 - sorry if I
misspoke to shift the the theme instead
of the declining Superman declining
superhero movies like the lowest point
in a superhero franchise exactly are
there anything I think well nothing
comes close your hand for right now
steel steel steel I know I saw steel
which technically is kind of a Superman
yeah it's a combo character from the
Superman universe right it's is he's one
of the characters that replaced that's
right after the Justice you right now
doesn't have to be super like Batman and
Robin well we've done a commentary for
that though true and I'm not watching it
again I'm done with that movie for the
rest of my life now
behind very it was very unsportsmanlike
it was absolutely was it bothers me that
there's I have yet to find like a super
attack that you can do when you sneak up
on ya know because there are some guards
that you can sneak up on like that and I
want to do something vicious to them
what what we have so far yeah is yes
kind of like Souls and blood-borne but
now is good kind of like good yeah good
but good because they're aping a very
good game if you remember what my minute
micro review was at the start of this
yeah good
close enough yeah it kind of fills that
blood-borne void but we just had Dark
Souls 3
recently yeah that didn't do it you know
what that's into as good a job for me
this is kind of Dark Souls 3 level first
Dark Souls 3 is fine that's fine no
blood no blood-borne I'll say Dark Souls
3 is better than this listen we need to
do something with tank girl and I don't
know tank tank girl does not fit into
any of our formats it's not bad enough
for best of the worst yeah it's not good
or interesting enough for review you
think it isn't until we do a Tank Girl
episode no and tank girl like falls into
that that that cavern of of completely
worthless
for our purposes yeah
it's definitely not good but it's also
not terrible I can all I can tell you is
possibly the biggest boy crush I had on
any actress growing up was was Lauri
very petty oh man if she wasn't in that
movie it would be a much worse movie oh
yeah she's good she's got a ton of
charisma in that yeah and you can tell
she just loves playing that part yeah
that helps the movie quite a bit oh she
was having some fun with it
yeah I only watched Sin City 2 for
Jessica Alba
doesn't care about anything else in the
movie Oh what about that one
speaking of superhero movies into kind
the spirit oh I've never seen that
neither bye
yeah that was a huge flop a huge flop
just trying to ape off of the success of
Sin City the Frank Miller direct that
movie I think should be no no
embarrassing yeah so super mad for the
spirits spirits oh that's right
he did he did direct it oh let's see
here fortunately I just saved oh you
just a very convenient nice
well one small ball says exploiting
weird and crazy people provides the
greatest entertainment on a completely
unrelated note hello rich oh that must
be back when we were talking about Corey
Feldman Corey Feldman that poor mentally
unbalanced man
yep fucked up by Hollywood yeah but like
other child actors didn't might be some
of him too out there well he was abused
he was abused what yeah I've never heard
this before
yes typically not from Corey Feldman oh
yeah in every single interview he's ever
done no I was a joke person by who I
don't think he's ever sent for whatever
reason he but you know what his accent
you know what he had not know Natalie's
made in he's made insinuations about
like a lot of people yeah la people he
could also just be desperate for
attention
my name is Tate says hey thanks Jay
turbo killer just got added to the
rocket League playlist I can dig it
ah
yeah that's a great song turbo killer
and an awesome video recruit more pimps
for you says guys I directed a short
video for history 1301 and it made me
realize what a task it is to direct a
good film I gave you all credits as
inspiration also J thoughts on the films
of Terry Gilliam Gilliam Gilliam uh Alec
Terry Gilliam I like some movies more
than others but I mean he's certainly
got a lot of ambition mm-hmm like Brazil
I really like 12 monkeys DRC 12 monkeys
yes wonderful movie I didn't you know
what I didn't even know that was there
yeah yeah sir you going that's great
that's one of his more kind of
mainstream ones I guess but it's a
really good movie it is they didn't know
that was part of you know like there's
there's no certain staple of movies like
when you are high school early college
aged film nerd like there's everybody
watch yep
that's part of them I really like Fear
and Loathing in Las Vegas yeah I don't
know if I'd say I like it that's fair
enough when I stopped using boards like
boards the nuke afford have you ever
seen the Fisher King Robin Williams oh I
love the Fisher King that's yeah nice
Terry Gilliam that's a good movie
are you trying to think of the movie
Jack I'm trying to think of who it's him
and and Jeff Bridges Robin Williams is
like a crazy homeless man never seen it
apparently none I'm searching the
recesses of my brain it also has one of
the worst criterion covers of all time
Jeff Jeff Bridges is a talk show a shock
talk radio show host yeah this is like
early 90s who inspired a man to go on a
shooting spree and the ended up killing
Robin Williams wife from Williams used
to be like a successful author and
doctor yeah and then years later Jeff
Bridges runs across Wow Robin Williams
who was now crazy and homeless yeah and
and in search for some kind of
redemption tries to improve his life it
sounds like a great movie
wonderful yeah lots of fantasy elements
cuz Robin Williams has leaked these
visions and it's really really good oh I
know how has this this is combined like
yeah I don't even know if I've even
heard of this how this passed me by I
don't know I was yeah it was like early
like ninety one night well I mean I
didn't see it back then I didn't see it
so years later yeah I mean I guess I'm a
bit younger than you guys so now it's
I'm criterion and has the absolute worst
cover and I think criterion covers are
kind of bullshit anyway a lot of times
Google people in the chat Google The
Criterion cover for the Fisher King it's
so fucking ugly oh well this sounds like
something I need to see you leave our
what it's a good movie yeah I'm still
listen I'm still working I've seen Noah
I'm so behind on everything my life is a
mess I blame panty party 91 Jack was
busy playing pokemons no no that was too
young for Pokemon to know it's my
perfect day folks my wood we didn't have
we did not have a Game Boy on the farm
no Gameboy yes and then missing us Noah
with Russell Crowe that movie so bad
that's an ambitious movie I think it's
worth watching I'm so excited to see it
I I like Darren Aronofsky yeah I think
it's an interesting subject material and
what's he working on now right you know
we were talking the other day about
Darren Aronofsky well we were talking
about a different movie and I came up
with the perfect project for Darren okay
something he should have together on a
first name basis now mr. Aaron weld
Aronofsky we Aronofsky I thought of the
project that he could have saved that's
that the Watchmen hmm
the thought is think about the Watchmen
in the style of the wrestler Oh more
like gritty and grounded about less Zack
Snyder he he unless sex honey but about
washed-up superheroes sure yeah I can
see that just looking for one last fight
like he what he was the choice to that's
that's the whole idea is that the
Watchmen are supposed to be serve a
realistic take on these things but it
still has like the over-the-top exec
Snyder action right which is sort of
counterproductive to what they're doing
well and it's like in the comic books
like they get into fights but like
they're all out of shape and they're you
know like they get hurt yeah they're
slobs right yeah the movie they're
supposed to be slobs but the action
scenes are still like super
choreographed and stylish right right
that is not a terrible idea bet this is
a great idea I can see it
Darren oh I love that wrestler beautiful
that's my favorite movie of his
black swans a closer i need to really
sought that one time in the theater i
thought it was really great but there
were a few moments of unintentional
hilarity actual wrestlers have talked
about how true life oh sure well i know
a lot of it was loosely based on jake
the snake' when he was at his lowest I
don't even like Bruce Springsteen all
that much it's song so good the fountain
was that was kind of already party I saw
that in the theater I don't remember a
single thing about it I saw that my food
I don't remember one shot from that
movie or if I don't remember anything
that was like a in one ear out the other
movie yeah yeah there was you know what
not a lot to that movie but I still
remember I went to go see it with a
friend of mine who's really into way to
go like motion graphics three 3d
graphics like he create he makes 3d
stuff like you know he makes CG and so
he saw that as a as an artist and like
oh like they made this using like you
know a lot of the trippy backgrounds you
don't remember it had like a lot of
those like 70s trippy backgrounds that
they made on film not using computers
and there's like very little computer
graphics and so he he came out loving it
just for all the technical aspects okay
but it's so why isn't Hugh Jackman
fighting anything where's this clause I
don't get it
is it time-travel I seriously cannot
remember a single thing about that movie
I remember the floating tree in space no
you know really no man I I don't
remember anything about it's not even
that old
no it's not that over 2006 ten years ten
years that's all - first - completely
out of my mind
I got menu
Hugh Jackman is so vain he's been
pumping for the past ten years not
steroids just iron nuts and he's using
steroids
uh you know what I might like watch the
fountain now that I'm a little older and
enjoy it but at the time he's got to eat
the tree but the trees is wife I think
that was it I think the tree was his
wife I'll be honest with ya it was a
whole thing it was a whole thing
okay this recommendation is for Jace's
VAR er 77 but you know for day mainly
but all of you really if you're into
horror literature okay so Jay even then
you're you're cutting it close here you
should check out these short stories of
mr james all in public domain great
creepy ghosts tales okay and them are
not familiar I'm not too big into ghost
stories as far as horror stuff goes
paranormal things are like my least
favorite yeah but it depends on the
story of course it depends on the movie
or whatever yeah I've actually read the
occasional creepypasta online I thought
was neat yeah yeah what it's a
creepypasta horrible that's where
Slender Man started yes yes okay and
then someone will take the idea and
write another Slenderman stole yeah yeah
that wouldn't it wouldn't just be
Slenderman right right which there is a
really great documentary that premiered
on HBO called the beware the Slenderman
about the the two girls in Waukesha that
killed their tried to kill their friend
because of Slenderman because of
Slenderman yeah cuz I didn't I don't
know much of a Thunder man I know what
he looks like visually but I didn't know
the whole backstory that like you can
sacrifice someone to him and then you
get to go live in his castle out in the
woods it's this whole thing really and
that's why these little girls tried to
kill their friend they were sacrificing
their their friend the Slenderman it has
me mortal man how old um I want to say
they're like 12 ish I can see that I can
see that that's still do anyone
listening and when I say Waukesha that's
just outside of Milwaukee this happened
like right in this area
oh yeah that's 20 minutes for like two
three years ago
we have that beware of the Slenderman
documentary it mostly focuses on them
and like you know I'm getting because
there's like the actual like footage of
them getting interrogated by the cops
afterwards and stuff it's really
unsettling yeah what is there so like
emotionless about it
what is this call is this only available
on the the HBO shit yes it is only
available on the HP oh shit HP oh my god
I think it's only available on HBO at
the moment but it's it's it's good it's
all done what's it gonna be where the
Slenderman where the Slenderman yeah
that's like there but it starts
explaining like creepypasta is in the
back story of Slenderman and all that
stuff and then it gets more into the
girls story sure but yeah oh some of the
the interview footage is chilling that
sounds great
and I can see that like at 12 like
you're still kind of in that like some
you know some fake things are real
something yeah well that's the other
there the cops are you know asking them
questions and they're just explaining
Slenderman like as just completely
matter-of-factly that is so crazy
it's it's really yeah it's it's a little
disturbing that's why I take such great
pains with my children ghosts don't
exist
yeah well make a so one of these two
girls she has like mental you know
issues outside of that so that
contributes to books are fake yeah and
it's okay that they're fake we can still
enjoy them but none of them reach at all
the cutscene just did that no I'm sorry
again it's someone recently speaking of
things being fake talking to me about a
Serbian film have you ever heard of a
Serbian film it's called that's the name
of the movie
it is a movie made it it's it is an
actual Serbian film there was a movie in
Serbia was the name of the movie is a
Serbian film and I you know I'm pretty
like open and interested in really sort
of extreme movies but I've know enough
about a serbian film to know I don't
want to see it because it's it's pretty
from what I understand it's pretty out
there
we go test and so that was sort of my
cut off some explain you know someone
who's talking to you on a Serbian film
you know it's and that's basically what
I said is like you know I know enough
about it oh my god that sounds like the
chat out of the chat is are they really
- Serbian film yeah oh my god that
sounds awful that's the thing it's like
I mean I was explaining and I was like
you know I I'm open to you know extreme
movies and I guess there is sort of a
like a metaphorical aspect of the movie
like I guess it's about the Serbian
government in a weird way okay like it's
making a statement about that from what
I understand but I'm like you know I
know what happens in it I you know I'm
open to you know kind of more intense
movies but I don't think I need to see
that might cut off there's a line that
you're now yeah that's my cutoff and
then there was like a long pause so it
so I explained all that and then there's
a long pause and then they just go we
have it's fake I know it's fake you
still don't want to see the baby I need
to see it yeah but it's fake like I mean
you're right I don't know what happened
that you're talking about but you have a
reputation for liking yeah it's and if
this crosses a line for Jesus like well
I mean I haven't seen the movie so I
can't comment for sure but it sounds
like something that's like you know I
don't need to see this even I have my
limits
yeah that's fine
so now if you press circle and triangle
together you get living weapon right
circle triangle together is I guess what
I'm saying that's your spirit protector
and I shall help you okay okay I can
deal with living weapon mode yeah it
sounds fun yeah it's I it's I anonymous
says dear j1 have you ever seen Tim
Heidecker movie review slash half in the
bag parody on cinema I've seen on cinema
I don't think it has anything to do with
half in the bag
- if Adult Swim gave you money to
produce a ten minute short like too many
cooks
what would you produce oh god I would
need a lot of time to think about that
right now
I would probably make something closer
to unedited footage of a bear which we
just watched right before the stream
because Richard never seen it if this
stream was a couple minutes late it's
because we were watching unedited
footage of a bear which which had yet to
scene yeah I was like this is important
this is important enough to delay the
stream so we can watch it again and it's
but if I were to do something it would
probably be closer to that than to too
many cooks even though I like both of
them a lot they go sanic gak Jack
doesn't get to drop the plink out of
puck is not a meme guy stop trying to
make Jack doesn't get to drop the point
get a puck happen Jack doesn't get to
drop to blink at a pop isn't etc great
alright what hours yeah I say the thing
you wrote a thing running joke yeah
everything's a meme now rich anytime you
have a joke in something it's not a joke
anymore it's a means I mean everything's
a mean are there so there's some there's
some gray area like in the Venn diagram
of Nieman joke there is some crossover
okay no this is not a meme it's just a
joke sure you have to not know where it
originated that you've heard it anyway
yeah in a certain way what crosses over
would be the dick the birthday boy
picture yeah that's a meme that's me
because I have there people that have
seen that that don't know anything about
us great all right but just saying is
blank replacing blank over and over and
over that's just a tired reference
that's just a tired reference did it did
everyone hear that it doesn't matter
they're gonna keep doing it hyoeun
reference they enjoy saying and we can
make fun of them for it that's also fine
that's the way it goes and I was yes
we've seen the new spongebob movie me
and my family there's a new spongebob
movies they're still making a man it's
still making him not theatrical then I
guess cuz there was a theatrical
spongebob movie yeah it was the andric
years and years ago yeah when was this
last year oh oh that's right there's a
lot of live-action in it don't they come
to like our world or something yeah I
think I remember Xena trailer they did
that in the old one - oh vaguely
remember a trailer for this new
spongebob
they're fine they're fine the spongebob
everyone likes spongebob it used to be
like you click on Nickelodeon at any
time any day spongebob was on oh yeah
they've switched it up now it's a little
a little looser on Nickelodeon button I
want them all Jack I want them all
here's what I will tell you rich yeah
this is not like blood-borne ok you
don't pick a weapon and kind of have to
stick with it for a while all these do
is help you pick skill points ok like
what happened in this tutorial level
enemies will drop weapons yeah and you
can switch on the force I don't get one
of these weapons the the first weapon I
chose when I started the next level I
happened to find that weapon first so
possibly the first weapon you find is
whatever you find the others you find
all sorts of weapons all sorts of
weapons and so like look at the
attribute bonus all right looking at all
right yeah you get them all
oh I get to yes that's true one cold
monkey and Cartoon Network only plays
Teen Titans go all day and I'm okay with
that I like that Teen Titans go that's
funny
that's that's funny that like I like
Teen Titans go and now I'm gonna be
really upset I'm gonna be extra upset
when I watch the Justice League movie
cuz they're gonna have like serious
cyborgs in it and in Teen Titans go
cyborg is wacky
and I love them they'll probably be way
more reasons to be upset about the
Justice League movie than that oh I'm
sure
choose your Goderich firewolf water
shark bird green what a min/max do you
think the odds are Ben Affleck
eventually dropping out completely from
the Batman movie well it was the under
contract no oh wait he was under
contract for Batman V Superman 8 Justice
League and I want to say one other thing
that isn't the Batman movie so I don't
think they even have him for sure locked
into that
holy shit check and correct me if I'm
wrong but I'm pretty sure he's not
locked in to do the Batman movie holy
shit yeah what a clusterfuck that DC
just continues to be ready for my for my
totally informed always accurate I guess
right here 100% he's dropping out of it
I would not be surprised hundred
actually when I saw like news articles
starting to pop up that he dropped out
of directing it like I legitimately
laughed out loud it's like of course of
course
a hundred percent
he dropped well and it like he dropped
out of directing because like a while
before and he said I will only direct it
if the scripts good yeah well he's
writing it still supposedly
yeah yeah he's still way out they
dropped out of directing the there
bullshit PR diz because he didn't think
he could focus on the directing and the
acting at the same time cuz he's never
done that before
he's never directed a movie that he
acted it no that's just that's just he
finally got a taste of what dealing with
Schneider as an executive producer and
WB as executive producer would be and he
said nope
yeah he noped right out of that one he
had gir righted it so it's a shame too
because I know he's like a legitimate
fan of Batman and he wants to do it
right but no and you know what as a
writer and director he has a decent eye
yeah like did you see Argo
I haven't seen her go no it's nothing
special but it's solid sure and it's
like oh he can direct a movie right
that's great and he's an Academy Award
winning director like DC has that yeah
and they're fucking it up yep it's
amazing the all you gotta do is let him
go man just let him go let him go do his
thing let him do his Batman thing I
gotta get the little fingers and
everything those W beep dickheads
oh shit Oh
oh man I'm so behind on tips sorry guys
I'm bored
I'll try to be okay here we go okay well
here we go hey hey Jay since I know
you're in a horror I'd like to know your
opinion on the phantasm movies or if
you've ever seen them oh yeah I've seen
all those I like the first one a lot
some people love that first one I think
it it's a little corny in parts in a way
that is off-putting I really really like
the second one the third one silly and
stupid fourth ones boring and the new
one that came out last year is almost
unwatchable it's a great concept with
some really great surreal visuals and
kind of a mythology to it that's
interesting
lots of really kind of iconic elements
but overall I think it's it's not a
great series the first two movies are
good and that's about it just like let
him hit you so the game knows that you
know how to garden Dutch I think that's
what they're asking of you here they go
hey you fuck OHS enjoying the stream
while playing football manager I got an
offer from one of my university choices
approved and I got AIDS thanks a lot
fellas stances that's need stances so
hold down r1
yeah well done r1 and then you get to
choose your stance low medium or high
stance low stance you're more guarded
but it costs more energy to swing high
stance you're less guarded but it costs
less energy to swing in middle is the
middle so kind of interesting kind of
interesting Abbot esh wanted to express
my continued appreciation for prereq
riches subtle intelligence Jack's
gleeful sincerity and sometimes Jay
loved it humberto cabbage french there's
one last tip anyone c.split fantastic
film great acting all around thanks for
the entertainment Jay have you seen lik
I really really liked split I don't know
if we're gonna do a video I think it's
one of those ways it's gonna kind of
fall through the cracks of other stuff
we're working out I I won't say too much
about it in case we do but I'm sure
eventually we'll talk about it but yeah
I really liked split hmm M night
Shyamalan has kind of redeemed himself
for 15 years of terrible movies really
yeah it's amazing how much stronger this
is than everything else he's done well I
think he's been kind of humbled by the
fact that he's made nothing but flops
for 15 years or it's like he's kind of
dropped a bit of a pretentious quality
mm-hmm he did it with the visit what was
that two years ago yeah where it's just
more of a straightforward kind of pulpy
movie and then splits kind of the same
way he wants you they want you to attack
with the high stance I did I don't know
all right whatever they want to do to
only attack with ice hey that's what I
did okay you did it everything's fine
now did a number of times so now do it
low stance yeah no shit
Hansa processes
cha-ching making it rain bitches who's
your daddy that's right honza frosh is
your daddy give daddy a kiss ladies
thanks sounds of rush chip ole or says
hey J I know that you love stranger
things any thoughts on the Super Bowl
teaser for season 2 I love the
Ghostbusters outfit and the last shot is
fucking awesome also hi jack and rich
I'm excited for it just because it's
stranger things - yeah yeah I mean it's
the Super Bowl teaser short there's some
cool shots in it but I mean I'm just
excited for it just because I like the
first season a lot right yeah exactly
just that they're wearing those posters
outfits well that's cute but yeah that
what's gonna get me hyped exactly yeah
there's one shot on the trailer where
they open a front door and there's it
looks like the mist outside like really
good that looks cool well I love that
they started it as an egg oka mercial
yeah that wasn't he knows fun what what
might worried me is what what do you do
in season 2 like can you can you have
can you do the same structure again
where the kids go off an adventure and
and then the teens have the teen
adventure yeah that hopper goes on the
hopper adventure then they all meet up
together I'm hoping it's not that hoping
structurally it's it's different yeah
yeah
we'll see yeah like yeah it's exciting
that you know the teaser was on the
Superbowl like Netflix was confident
enough in the show that yeah they
fucking paid for a Superbowl commercial
that Netflix knows what they're doing
yeah what was it that Business Insider
was just doing like an article on
Netflix and they're reportedly losing or
not they're not making an estimated
three billion dollars a year because
they don't run ads hmm
similar services they they they took
Netflix's numbers and compared it to
similar services who do run ads and like
like a flu or something yeah okay and so
Netflix because they don't want
commercials because they want to keep
their content the way it is they are
losing something like three billion a
year Wow
they're not losing just not me they're
not yeah yeah wow that's interesting but
that's
how they want to run their business god
bless him right they'd like if oh if
they ever put commercials in there so
what is it I didn't pay enough attention
to where it actually does what does that
Chi thing do Chi is okay so watch your
stamina okay so now wait until like dude
do like three attacks do like a bunch of
attacks now way to stamina oh there you
go and see it fills just feels quicker
it feels quicker and some bad guys have
this like black and white aura around
them and if you can time it right you're
there's like a blue energy ball that
comes out from you that will get rid of
the black and white energy around them
okay it's it's a it's a little hard to
get used to this may this may have some
kind of systems in it that lets it
compete with blood blondes not being
just a direct knockoff it has some
things it has some things but yes oh
yeah like there are some and when you're
in the black and white goo you're slower
and your key refreshes slower so you
want to expel that so oh yeah you know
what mr. chai smile that's a great way
to put it it's kind of like active
reload and gears for okay which is a
very good way to put it thank you mister
shy smile is there a sweet spot like
yours you gotta wake loads right in the
thing there's it well is so like you'll
see there's like a pink bar of what you
just lost and then it fills with a white
yeah and so you want to wait to that
white
there's no sweet spot just whenever you
press it it fills to that so you want to
wait to that white bars as big as
possible okay to get the most out of it
G Chive did did anyone see the Iron Fist
trailer I don't know what this is yeah I
ain't fit so Netflix show Marvel's thing
the last defenders here I know nothing
about this did you did you see Iron Man
I've seen Iron Man yeah it's gonna be
like that but with kung foo is this oh
okay it's not show just about iron man's
hand know about hand
it's about it's about a rich or more
more importantly did you know what no
one's seen it but if you watch arrow
it's gonna be a lot like arrow it's
about a rich kid who gets stranded
somewhere gets magical powers and then
comes back to try to take over his
company from an evil businessman okay so
it's very similar to a fight is gonna be
kung-fu and look that right to me I'm
excited there's an audience for it yeah
it is that's the way Netflix operates
yep I don't give a fuck about fuller
house but there's an audience for fuller
house and that audience doesn't give a
fuck about movies like hush and I am the
pretty thing that lives in the house but
I thought both of those movies were
fantastic and those premiered on Netflix
so they're they're covering all their
bases as far as things that people want
to see they want to make sure that their
product is viable for multiple audiences
god bless and they're doing great yeah
Netflix is doing great
who knew he punched a dragon what I
don't know I don't know much about iron
fist besides he's a kung fu master and
his his fists are really big low mm-hmm
any punches things he's got a technique
which lets him punch really hard yeah
that's the artifice it's got properties
skis giant um but this is the last
Netflix Marvel show before all the
Netflix Marvel shows come together in
the defenders Oh exactly that's gonna be
a show I think it's good it's like a
miniseries
okay deprived be like you know five
episodes yeah okay and so that's where
they realized they were building towards
anything like that I iron fists Luke
Cage Jessica Jones and daredevil all in
one video instead of each character
getting a movie and then making one
movie with all those characters they're
actually fleshing out each one with a
the whole series right that's pretty
cool
yeah and so then they'll
come together in their version of the
Avengers and so if anyone has seen the
Avengers movies and if and everyone
remembers what happened to the common
element that tied all those movies
together we should be very worried about
Claire at this point just means nothing
to me
Claire what what you see uh daredevil I
didn't say all season two he says season
one though right yeah the nurse Rosario
doc oh yeah yeah
sorry Oh Nell since I'm not sure yeah I
like her she's great yeah and she's in
every she's in every one she shows up
here and there she's got a connective
tissue god I did not know that and a lot
like Agent Coulson was the connective
tissue in all the Marvel movies I see
what I'm saying I'm a little worried
about Claire not saying this anything's
gonna happen I don't know if anything's
gonna happen it depends on how closely
they stick to that so you're saying
she's gonna die and then they're gonna
create a new series where they explained
how she didn't really die that's exactly
what I'm saying okay it's gonna be
called declare nope
Claire dead nah no but it looks the the
iron fish Oh looks a lot like daredevil
totally so it's gonna be a lot of
fighting and that daredevil was good for
fighting so yeah I like fighting and
it's gonna become food everybody likes
kung fool
Marvel's agents of shield is actually
getting good now I still watch it and I
I hate watching at this point
I disagree maybe it watches you it does
I watch on the ABC app so it does date
watch me I won't be doing that much long
range why do you hate watch it I don't
even know anymore I'll be honest with
you because you know what every once in
a while I do just want to have some
noise on and turn my brain off so I got
that I got arrow
I got flash I got Supergirl that's my
brain off is this a good game I am I am
literally in the tutorial yeah you are
but I'm joined it's a farm if you
enjoyed blood-borne or Dark Souls can't
make out with that noises yeah that's
yes yes yes all right where was it
what's going on dear J oh my god I once
sat my friends down for a things night
Oh God it went as wonderfully as you do
things things Punk everyone the only
there out of all the shows I hate watch
Supergirl is the best that's just fun
she's having a great time being
Supergirl punching bad guys dating boys
like man Supergirl is super fun
Supergirl and flash they have their
goofy those those shows are fun so you
lay off a Supergirl
her sisters all gots the gays now it's
crazy
as soon as as soon as they jumped she
got a case of the gays like the day
after they left CBS oh really yeah
she met us like that was something they
probably wanted to do in CBS one let'em
or something she met a sexy cop caught
the gays in that crazy that's still a
thing
I'm like a network like we don't want a
gay character like really still
oh no and it happens so fast you know
that was that was a thing that's funny
which character was this super girls
adopted sister
was that the first weapon you chose the
dual swords okay what did you get the
the sickle and a chain thing yeah no I
was thinking about the axe you know I
like a big dumb axe yeah I got the
second one same thing that seems to be
working alright for me Jack likes TV
shows for preteen girls yeah yeah do
what are you gonna do about it
you know what absolute absolutely
nothing I am currently looking at majors
in college says anonymous do you
recommend film school it depends on if
you want to go to film school that's
that's a really great point and it also
depends on the film school you might be
interested in going to if you are
interested in say dentistry I would not
recommend film school this is true just
putting that out there
if you think you want to be in film or
television I think film school is a fine
options make sure you're looking at a
film school that is more focused on the
technical aspects I'm not I'm not so
much trying to tell you how to be
creative cuz that there are schools like
that they suck you know look at film
schools like that have student film
organizations where maybe though they
will give you some practical onset
experience
Wow nice look at that
slicing him up rich doing great the one
thing I heard I don't remember who was
talking about this some filmmaker or
something was talking about film school
yeah
when asked like you know would you
recommend film school like I'm not gonna
say one way or the other but what what
I'll say is that film school is a great
way to fail in a safe environment you're
just making these student films you're
gonna make a ton of mistakes everything
you're gonna make is gonna suck yeah but
it's okay because you're in this you
know sort of bubble up film school yep
yep also film school is where you will
meet a bunch of people yes and those
people will get you jobs later or where
order film schools where you'll meet a
bunch of people that will change their
major two years later when they realize
they're wasting their life yep not that
I would know that from firsthand
experience literally everyone I know
from film school changing their major
they're saying Eli Roth said okay okay I
could see himself yeah I remember here
the years ago some interviews so it must
have been him that sounds right
just make sure to meet lots of people
and always be there to help people and
then they'll be there to help you now or
at least a good ones well then you'll
know the good ones yes and then it's
pretty easy to weed out the good ones
from the bad ones yeah yeah incredibly
easy and then those people uh who help
you out will keep helping you and then
you'll work together yes and then when
it comes time to like oh hey you got to
do a real thing you know who you can
count up uh-huh
and that's mmm you network and that's
how you meet people and that's how you
get jobs and then maybe maybe that
person who helped you out is God has got
someone who knows someone who knows
someone and vice versa
mmm and that's how you do it that's how
you do it literally everything not just
from school just every goes it's that
way that's adorable that cute and that
cute
mr. Schine smile I don't believe he's
unlocked that ability yet mr. Schine I
was trying to tell you how to play the
game I don't believe he's unlocked the
ability yet what's it called fruit pride
the magician I don't believe he's
unlocked
we can when an enemy Falls and the
reticle on them turns red okay if you
are near them try pressing the triangle
button if you remember I don't know if
you have unlocked that ability yet enemy
falls down yeah and you see like how
it's white right now the reticle on them
if it turns red yeah
by pressing the triangle okay and does
something cool with your swords you do
cool stuff with your George so I killed
him like into the ninja gaiden here
I don't know lost in technicolor says I
showed two of my friends alive late last
night their reaction was pretty much
what Mike jokingly said at the beginning
of your half in the bag review they
thought it was boring
I went home quickly make new friends
honestly good so effing good here he's
got doom now yeah I'm old like I mean
he's I think he's a fantastic filmmaker
I'm sure that'll be but it's like well
he's doing Blade Runner yep which is I
guess that falls under the soft reboot
category yep he's doing do and I like I
want the filmmakers that I like to
continue to do new and interesting
things yeah you don't want them to do
constant rehashes yeah and I'm sure
he'll do wonderful things with them I'm
sure they'll be fine movies but I'd
still rather see him do something like
enemy again you know something that's
just really distinct and original even
in sci-fi arrival that was great yeah
it's I mean yeah arrivals an original
movie yeah that new Blade Runner does
look gorgeous though either you know
what he's gonna do though he's gonna
make some money yeah let him let him do
these two these two uh reboots and make
a bunch of money and then he'll just
keep making reboots because that's what
they always do yeah but maybe we'll see
maybe I'll pull it back rich everything
around yeah that's fine that's fine no I
said a rival was original enemy
apparently was based off of a book sure
still not a not a remake not yeah it's
not a soft reboots
let's see here pack the movie says
cuddle pile wants you to kick some ass
original assume they're talking to you
no guarantees anonymous is saying Howard
the Duck would do would go great with a
comic book a themed best of the worst
we tried multiple times to do something
with Howard the Duck a review I think is
their only our only chance to do
something probably the blue blaze says
me personally I love the latest blink
arrow episode are you interested in the
new dude oh we've just talked about the
new dune movie so you too fucking late
I've never read if you ever read dune no
I've never read it it's the only David
Lynch movie I've never watched in its
entirety
I love David Lynch but every time I've
tried to watch that movie like nah I get
like maybe a half-hour 40 minutes in
like I'm done my my little brother is
super into dude yeah and he swears
apparently there was a sci-fi original
miniseries yes in like the early 2000s
oh that's the one that's they did it so
right these movies they just can't they
can't do the mythos because you know
it's apparently huge Jerry it's a whole
no on a world building yeah yeah
so they're trying again driving it again
they'll keep doing it keep trying I
suppose just give me a like special
equipment or something for beating him
what is this what is this what is this
do you doing it
you're doing it that's what it does and
you know I have a lot of faith in in
that director to probably do a pretty
good adaptation of it so denis
villeneuve a new me I'm sure he'll make
a fine movie yeah
I must say fuck him up very possible
let's sleep fuck him the story of or
have you heard the story of the Fanta
Fanta for stick the story of the studio
fucking him over in editing remember
that was a big thing for fan fantastic
yeah as he said the studio fucked me
over an editor write his tweet that he
immediately deleted that'll live on
forever yep cuz you can't just delete it
to eat and it stops existing hi forget
what I was listening to the other day
was like a podcast or something and it
was someone was telling the story of
like the editor of that movie was like
no I was editing it his version was
unwatchable I've heard that yeah I have
heard that because that's the the kind
of back the story is that people say oh
I'm suing his original vision was
probably so much better yeah yeah I have
heard that it was bad to begin with
oh yeah he's like the studio did like
the only reason that movie kind of makes
sense is because of the massive reshoots
andrey editing from yeah yeah and it's a
shitty movie
it's a disjointed mess but I you know
we'll never know yeah maybe in 20 years
we'll get a documentary about the making
of that Fantastic Four yeah doomed again
yeah get the same guys that made the
doom documentary doomed is still sitting
on my desk waiting on us and we need
another day we need you know we're
filming on Saturday yeah we can't do it
on Saturday we need we need a day to
watch doomed
I got it finally the documentary about
the making of the Roger Corman Fantastic
Four movie it's sitting on my desk
and I haven't watched it yet that Noah
rich you're still in the men you know
have you never seen them have you seen
the movie Enter the Void or irreversible
uh yeah guess / no I've seen both those
okay they go um I like your reversible
mm-hmm it's it's a it's a rough one but
I think it's an interesting movie and
then enter the voids I think I was drunk
when I watched it and it's probably not
the best movie to watch all drunk so I
would need to rewatch it but I remember
being very visually interesting all
right
anonymous says what movie do know what
movie do you love but you know is bad /
not so good it's bad movie Garbage Pail
Kids I did Garbage Pail Kids is just
endlessly fascinating to me to think
about the fact that people made the
decisions that they made yeah I think
that that goes into that goes into us so
bad it's good territory but it's not
like entertaining to watch like I'm
entertained by it I haven't seen it
since I was a kid yeah we we have we
will do something with Garbage Pail Kids
at some point oh yeah but it's not like
funny bad it's bad but it's so baffling
like the decision to have there's like
how many six Garbage Pail Kids in the
movie or something like that and the
decision to have all the rest of the
Garbage Pail Kids apparently get killed
off-camera and that's directly stated in
the movie that all the other garbage
pail kids are dead like why would you do
that no it's so weird no idea it's great
we need to do something with Garbage
Pail Kids anytime kids
i we must have had the car I I thought I
remembered dolls actual garbage pail kid
dolls in our house
there are Cabbage Patch Kids and after
the garbage pail kids were parodies oh
right you I know you told me that there
there was this car yeah I remember
specifically dolls it's quite possible
my mom was pretty thrifty mm-hmm so it's
quite possible she modified some cabbage
patch kids to make us Garbage Pail Kids
dolls that would be both possible and
awesome yeah she was a she's a she's
thrifty and very crafty I know they put
out a couple years ago like little
little figurines of garbage pail kid oh
yeah these were like these were I'm in
my head of course I was a kid these were
like my pet monster size oh no that
doesn't exist so it's very possible that
they were her they were her handmade
well that's pretty cool homemade that's
true oh yeah like I remember the boogers
like maybe she just used hot glue to
like put boogers on a Cabbage Patch Kid
that's pretty great I believe that
knowing how much we were into the
Garbage Pail Kids oh yeah
all right anonymous says what do you
guys think of 28 days later it's one of
my favorite films cuz I feel like it has
a lot more going on than just the zombie
film um yeah I like 28 days later I
haven't seen in a very long time
I actually liked 28 weeks later quite a
bit too and I know a lot of people
didn't like that one there are some
sequences in that movie that I found
really upsetting mm-hmm in a good way
yeah in the ice member it's like there's
this whole like apartment complex and
there's all the soldiers on the roof and
28 weeks later oh and there's you know
zombies everywhere but then there's also
just normal people kind of running for
their lives and the military just makes
the decision to just open fire on
everyone because they can't tell the
difference because it's so chaotic and I
found that really disturbing the vaguely
just start killing everybody
to try and contain it that sounds great
yeah you really want help ya know for
the safe what does it save just your
area like what should I've collected do
I lose that no no you can't you keep all
the shit you've collected you keep you
keep all your upgrade no point in saving
back here well it'll just give you your
health back but it will also respond all
the enemies that took away all your
health in the first place so well what
took away my help was that one challenge
oh okay yeah does this bring it won't
bring back any of the challenge guys
just all the other enemies actually kind
of curious it'll bring back the like
hold refills the health potions wherever
you want to call them oh did you get
that from like a glowing yellow thing I
don't know where I got it I started with
like you yeah I think you start with
three well I'll get those back yeah
where's the shrine back that way
on the other side of those racks it's on
the other side of them rocks you know I
I didn't see I haven't seen any of the
28 movies yeah movies haven't either
they're good fast zombies don't interest
me at all well they're not really I mean
it's one of those things people debate
well they're not really zombies I mean I
would call it a zombie movie but it is
like a virus in it it's not just fast
walking corpses it's people with a
disease so I mean it's different it's
not meant to be traditional you know
corpses that come back to life it's just
people with this rage virus okay the
rage virus but there are people that get
very like they need that distinction no
they're not zombies don't call it a
zombie film
all right call 28 days later a zombie
movie there's just a different type of
zombie right those people are pricks
it's a zombie a lamer type of zombie but
yes no it works it works in 28 days
later and 28 weeks later where it
doesn't work in the Dawn of the Dead
remake because the dawn a Dead remake
they are corpses that come back to life
and are running around yeah
28 days later they're not corpses
they're just people with a virus there's
something horrible on a corpse that is
walking around oh sure but it's a
different thing and that's why that's
why I'm finding a 28 days later the
slowness cells the fact that
and that's why the Dawn of the Dead
remake the zombies don't work on that
right but that's why I don't have a
problem with it in 28 days later because
they're not supposed to be corpses sing
second sing sing of Zagros sorry not
gonna read that one sings ago old
handsaw says hello guys Jay just curious
are you a fan of John Carpenter's well I
guess there's more but everybody if it
was just there you know he's a hat No so
John Karpin apostrophe s John
Carpenter's yes is there any answer
that's gonna be known here at least one
okay what ghost of Mars is the worst
thing ever
vampire movie vampires I've completely
forgotten it um it's okay it's not great
but James Woods is fantastic in it it
starts strong and it ends strong and
it's kind of boring in the middle but
it's the closest because John Carpenter
the law reason he got into filmmaking
was to make westerns which were not
popular at the time that he's making
movies so vampires is like the closest
he ever made to a traditional Western
his decision to turn to make big trouble
will shine a modern day as opposed to
Western that was written as a Western I
don't think I knew that it was a cowboy
who was getting involved in Chinese
mythology in the 1800s yeah you know
what now that you say that that works I
can see that yeah huh
I did what that was John Carpenter's I
don't I thought it might have been but I
could be wrong maybe oh yeah I don't
know for sure
Oh vampires is the closest you made to
an actual Western by the way that's how
you do the remake of a big trouble a
little challenge you do prequel there
you go you do the prequel about the dumb
American cowboy
oh that would be fun that'd be the
different take on it sure what was their
question though oh no I just like that
John Carpenter talk sure John okay are
you a fan of John Carpenter's and Dan
O'Bannon's 1974 film darkstar um I would
have to re-watch it I've only seen it
once and I found it more interesting as
just a like a curiosity because there
was like their first movie it's
apparently a fun sci-fi film that
conveys the isolation and boredom of
living in space yeah it predate cuz Dan
O'Bannon went on to write alien and
there's lots of you can see a lot of
alien in Dark Star from what I remember
okay interested so silly or movie I I
would have to rewatch it that's one of
the John Carpenter things I'm not too
familiar with because it's not very John
Carpenter read not very John Carpenter
II anonymous wants to know if any of us
have had any bad celebrity encounters
celebrity encounters that we care to add
celebrity income ads celebrity
encounters that we care to share I don't
think so no nothing I'm thinking now
that I've had a ton of celebrity
encounters anyways but the ones I've had
have always been Pleasant
trying to think I'm trying to think if I
can tell these stories yeah you you have
ones that you probably shouldn't tell
yeah you have more encounters but ones
you probably didn't talk about yeah
probably not
like I've I've had some encounters
yeah I can't I've had I've had some
encounters in trying to work with
celebrities where they weren't
necessarily into the bit and a lot of a
lot like sometimes well we would like
you know when we were doing all the high
five videos like we talked to them
beforehand like here's the bet the guys
are gonna high-five you look at the
camera like it's the web video it's a
month after that and like a lot of times
the celebrity just like you know that's
just not something I'm interested in but
thanks for thinking of me like a
perfectly professional answer sure
sometimes oh yeah that that sounds like
fun I want to do that and sometimes they
would say they wanted to do it but when
it came time to do the bit they were too
cool for school wow it's like you knew
what we were here for where jackasses
high-five and you can't if you didn't
want to play along then you have to be
honest with us upfront
yeah so I have some specifics that I
probably shouldn't chew
rich yeah says Johnson 89 you made me
look like an asshole why did something
do what I stab down on it wasn't very
exciting oh he shouldn't like get you
should do a lot of damage then I might
not have whatever that ability is shit
okay so what's going you made John 1089
look like an asshole at work how I
sometimes say oh my god and was called
out for quoting the Angry Birds movie
what that's apparently your fall rich it
turns out there's a bird that says it
exactly like you fortunately nobody has
seen that movie other than your friend
and you did not force this person to say
oh my god
like you wonder if that was a reference
to me in the movie is there a chance
there there's a small chance sure very
very small but you never know oh I could
you know I could yeah oh yeah that's a
bad idea I have like a small Aubry Plaza
story this is an appropriate one to tell
we were doing we were out in Hollywood
doing a bowling montage with my brother
so it was me my brother and my cousin
Jake who was helping us out finding
celebrities to be in the bowling montage
in LA and he my cousin was friends with
Aubrey Plaza who at the time was on
partisan right and so we were talking
about doing you know trickshot and oh in
her trailer it'll be super easy in
between take Sunset and she came up with
the idea where her and Adam Scott is
that his name who's also in Parks and
Rec Adam Scott is someone I'm person or
actor perfect her and Adam Scott were
going to be doing like
of coke off of a table oh I remember
this is in the video right and so she's
like oh yeah like this would be super
funny
if if we did this and and I was like oh
you know I I kind of want to keep this
g-rated you know it's it's bowling
trickshot video there's nothing to do
with bowling well and like in her head
the joke was like we're doing something
like Hollywood yeah sure but it still
has nothing to do with bowling right
well but they had to do something while
a trickshot happened Oh does the trick
shop half shot happen and that bid does
it yeah just learning code but I even
watch this in awhile I haven't watched
it alive but and so like there was a
little bit of back and forth between me
her and my cousin Jake who was the
intermediary between us
yeah and they were they were going back
and forth a lot like really enjoying
building on the bit of them doing coke
oh yeah like it'll be rated because the
video the bowling video before that I
used a rap song which featured the
n-word and a lot of people did not like
that and I didn't even think about that
I just enjoyed the rap song and the
people like I did not appreciate hearing
that oh yeah I guess that makes sense
family it's because it is it's a it's a
very g-rated concept the bowling sure
and so I was like I'm we're trying to
keep this one g-rated and it was just an
a very awkward situation that I ended up
relenting on and I tried to be like oh
yeah we'll shoot that one and maybe we
can shoot another one another way but
they were they were way onto me and they
did not allow me to shoot it another way
so like that's - it was just a weird
working environment because we didn't
have much time we never have a lot of
time to shoot these videos yeah I was
like and I should have been more
aggressive and I should have been like
no for realsies but I I sick eisah came
to Hollywood peer pressure's and I am
the bit stayed and obviously it wasn't a
big deal yeah but should have got that
Chris Pratt in there
use on perks and Rec I got a guy who
know where he was huge
I'm sure he was around I'm sure he was
around that we didn't we did he wasn't
he was nobody there's a nobody I mean he
was on that show but he was the
superstar he is now yeah I didn't know I
didn't know I didn't know anyone so
that's that's that is a select that's a
celebrity story all that's some sweet
gossip right there that's what they tune
in for sweet celebrity gossip they
wanted to do a thing and then we did the
thing and then the thing is in the video
pretty much pretty much they wanted to
do a thing well you know like my Jake's
rationale was like hey there they're
agreeing to be in the video like we need
to let them you know make a part of that
video sharing and we want to make and
and his other thing you know from a
producer standpoint is we want to make
sure that they say like they had a good
time in the shoot like that they felt
that their ideas were met that that's
how we help spread the word to other
celebrities right it's like it's so like
I was like agate and don't want to do
coconut so that's my story
