Episode 728
Ni OH MY GOD!!! (Part 2)
February 26, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gOdBGA5fDs
___________________________________________

that's my story that's my story
question of the day dr. Schaack my
question for Jay that question of the
day did you think the ending of the
which was too absurd now it reminded me
of the ending of Betelgeuse where Winona
Ryder danced in the air
my girlfriend and I lost it with
laughter no it's perfect it's perfect
Undine I don't wanna give it away for
anyway but it's it's ya know it's great
you respectfully disagree or
disrespectfully disagree I
disrespectfully disagree I think it's I
think it's a wonderful idea
[Laughter]
[Music]
so it's this character with nowhere else
to go
he's been told she's something multiple
times and so she's like all right I'll
just be that and that's the end of the
movie it's great I love that which -
where you watched it a couple weeks ago
that's great yeah Jack tell rich about
heavy attacks after enemies he knows
already
everything staggered after they run out
of stamina you you press the heavy
attack button he's been doing that I
thought once does it a bit much next
time you go to the altar will look into
leveling up some things
it's like Dark Souls where you lose
stuff when you die yeah I probably don't
have much know right now you have 430
pieces
have you been finding your bird today
finding my bird yeah you know like in
Dark Souls when you die you find when
you find all the souls oh they do that
yeah
okay no I didn't know they were doing
that oh yeah they totally do that so
wherever you die you're your because you
chose the bird guy last time I didn't
have that much so your your bird should
be lying around wherever you died oh
yeah also I found that either high or
middle stance is kind of the sweet spot
where you get to attack more and it
doesn't cost as much she to the low
stance that's fine you do you man you do
you ask wonk one eight two says I really
enjoy your content it has helped me
laugh during some tough times in last
year I was wondering if you didn't even
kill I didn't even close to kill him I
didn't I'm sorry no then you know what's
I'm sorry rich then do your own thing
trying to happen you know what works for
me it doesn't necessarily work for you
and I'm sorry go back to your low stance
I'm more of a I like to kind of like
dodgy dad you down get in there with the
quick little jabs and bad you down
tonight if you're more of a different
fighter that's fine where were we
during some tough times squonk our
content ever wondering if wondering if
you ever get burnt out on movies thanks
so much for doing what you do Jay you
watch more movies than any person I know
the only thing I ever get burnt out on
is if we're watching best of the worst
movies and they're all dull that's about
it you get burnt out on dull movies yeah
yeah that's fair that's fair but I mean
if there's like you know like half in
the bag like Oh wings is getting
terrible reviews and around tomatoes you
guys got to do rings like No let's get
that one yeah so you know we try to you
know sometimes there's movies that are
getting terrible reviews that we could
hopefully have fun with like the bye-bye
man but something like rings now we'll
just keep it and then I don't have to
worry about getting burned out mm-hmm
there you go
that's easy yeah and like sometimes with
me like neo of which is a game that I
played all of today and and most of
yesterday because it came out yesterday
it's it's a fine game I'm enjoying it so
far to be honest though I would have
rather been playing like overwatch I
wouldn't you know like not necessarily
the game that I I was in the mood to
play but you know this is the game I
gotta play because we're gonna do an
episode on it and I just started to get
into Deus Ex Human Revolution yeah I'm
enjoying it yes so you know sometimes
there's stuff I'd rather make it work
you got to do it you have got to play
for work then you just remind yourself
that you get to play games for work yeah
then you wrote came with it anonymous
says Jack speaking of Cartoon Network
are you interested in Samurai Jack fuck
yes I am returning on Adult Swim that's
interesting to see an action show that
used to be for kids no longer have to
dial back the on violence that was
always a thing with the old Samurai Jack
cartoon is every episode either be
fighting robots or rock monsters or
treat never humans yeah so no boy so
this new season is they're doing
whatever they want parent why how are
they getting away with it now I don't
swim okay
Adult Swim what was there to what
network oh okay but not Adult Swim
before well that was before adults when
was the thing oh it's been that long
since Samurai Jack was wrong yeah I
loved the shit out of him I've never
seen it
is it a reboot or a continuation a
continuation and it's the same creative
people save you creative team good
indeed
Tarkin knows gimme a box key yeah gandi
gandi gandi your genndy run say the same
guy that did the the original Clone Wars
cartoons right yeah so far it was the CG
and or really the guy who did Dexter's
Laboratory
oh yeah other things that Powerpuff
Girls that's I don't know what about him
I just know he did the Clone Wars to
McCracken candy was in there too okay
they're Guinea or whatever his fucking
name is Genndy Tartakovsky
Tartakovsky yeah but oh that's it like
and I recently just rewatched some of
season one because I was trying to get
my kids into it and it's just so slow
they can oh yeah because it's just watch
Samurai Jack it's yes nothing but
atmosphere and I they just I don't think
they were old enough huh that was like
maybe a year or so ago I tried hey let's
let's watch just it's about a samurai
and then you know it's just nothing but
solid atmosphere gorgeous they actually
like right now I don't know if it's
still happening
adult if you go to Adult Swim calm
they've been live streaming every
episode
Loup no to hype up for the new season so
like you can go there and watch episodes
I watched a couple episodes the other
day and it's just so fucking slow and
deliberate rate Samurai Grant Jack is
great that's a what is the voice of that
Lamar what's his name also does the
voice bunch of voices on Futurama was on
MADtv Oh Phil Lamarr Phil Maurice
LaMarche Phil Lamarr Phil Lamarr was on
MADtv that's what you're talking about
yeah I think he did the voice of Jack
and if the guy gets his head blown off
in Pulp Fiction yeah in the back of the
car yep very slow show yeah Phil Lamarr
yes that was great yeah he does the
voice of Jack and a bunch of other
voices so hermes is Samurai Jack yes oh
there it is
I only got the bird you got the bird oh
well at least you got the bird that's on
the stranger thanks trailer you missed a
jerk yeah about 45 minutes too late the
but the moral of the strange of things
is we all like the first season so much
we're less excited about the trailer
then more the second season existing in
general yes quick wrap-up there was
nothing in the trailer that got me more
interested than I was before the big
thing that was the one shot that it's
like okay I mean we're gonna see more of
you know this other world but that was
about it
but yeah like you mentioned the
ghostbusters like I don't care oh yeah I
clap I said exactly I don't care about
the nostalgia Stein I saw a logo I
recognized I saw some people were
complaining online about that then
wearing Ghostbusters outfits or like no
one was wearing Ghostbusters costumes
that soon after the movie so yeah where
they were they didn't make them you know
you'd have to make your own pros right
yeah exactly and you can see the courts
on tech they have is like made out of
like vacuum cleaner hoses and shit it's
perfect no there and there were a ton of
people posting online afterwards of like
here's me yeah that age with my homemade
Ghostbusters outfit yeah Ghostbusters
was huge kids dressed up like yeah what
a weird thing to try and complain about
people be dumb how are you out of Health
already I don't know I didn't had some
bad strokes of luck here and I lost my
bird you lost your Barossa bird jack oh
did you accidentally click r2 and go to
the other thing oh you know what that
might have happened I think that's what
happened
click r2 again there it is I hate that
yep I absolutely hate that I do too and
then if you you know if you hold r1 you
can switch your weapons on the fly right
just click click no I know I know that's
a weird
that's a weird design choice yes it is
it's very weird there's there's a lot of
usability issues that I have so far also
user interface issues well what do you
need I'm thinking like the stances
instead of the buttons like holding down
our one and then just up or down for
like high or low
might be more intuitive you but that's
that's not really a gripe just uh well
every wonder if it wouldn't work
slightly better but I think that is a
great like it's an important drive
because like how how natural the
controls are affects how much into the
game you are yeah hi jack
rich NJ you guys like any movies that is
very forgotten and or underrated me for
example I really like wanted and think
it's really fresh and include simple on
show with the stylish is wanted the
Angelina Jolie moving I don't know I I
don't know what movie want I think
that's some movie or the engine
Jewellery that it but i guess me not
knowing for sure is an example it would
be mostly forgotten yeah what was that
call that I think that's wanted it was
what I think so oh I've never seen it
with James McAvoy I have no idea
I know Angelina Jolie's in it Wow if I'm
thinking of the same movie no I mean
yeah there's no there's a lot of movies
and hardly any movie has forgotten
anymore I know rich and I we're having a
bit of a nostalgia trip for for nothing
but trouble the other day oh god right I
was talking about that with someone
recently I don't remember who or how it
came up but I was saying like that's a
movie that seems like it should have a
cult following but no because it's so
fucking weird but it's also just bad
which is why it doesn't have a cult
following can we agree though that it is
so fucking weird you know it is awful
yeah that is so worth a watch yes
because I would agree with that but it's
not only cuz I I have a soft spot for
movies that maybe tried to do something
different and weird that maybe didn't
completely succeed but I think they're
worth watching but nothing but trouble
is just bad but bad in a very
interesting way yeah oh yeah it's
fascinating because it's all dan Aykroyd
yeah he wrote it he directed it he's in
it playing multiple parts linking and
he's a smart man
and it's like way way way way way you
think Dan Aykroyd's a smart man dead
accurate is a crazy man
oh sure before he is a smart man okay
any in the order of yeah yeah there is
some legit star power and oh yeah
there's like John Candy's in that and
did more anymore yeah Taylor Negron in
one of his biggest roles he's not star
power but it's interesting that he has
such a large rock isn't it Tupac Tupac
well it's digital underground which is
weird but they're in it at all yeah yeah
look I don't know the rappers Jack you
don't know the rapper's
oh yeah Humpty hump isn't it pumped in
Tupac and the whole digital underground
crew
yeah one Oh weird yeah and it's not
funny
it's a comedy but it's not funny right
very little and it actually works
comedic Lee I mean like just the giant
babies alone are worth one of which is
dan Aykroyd are worth their own series
of breakdowns and yeah like why how why
why and you always hear about like Dan
Aykroyd's original ideas for
ghostbusters look if he had control it
would have been would have been
something like nothing but trouble he
needs other people to collaborate with
or you end up with nothing but trouble
yeah yeah yeah beautiful
it's uh it's not it's it's a beautiful
disaster is what it is John Candy plays
multiple roles yup he plays a woman yeah
but I'm also distracted yeah it's acted
by Dan Aykroyd yeah and his dick Louis
which is a fake nose doesn't he take it
off at one point well he's got nothing
under there yeah it's like it's like a
skeleton like noses rotted off nose and
he has a prosthetic nose that looks like
a dick it's great um man it's amazing
nothing but trouble is what it is yeah
that's one of those classic cases of
like well this this particular creative
person has made us enough money and made
enough hits where we're gonna let him do
whatever he wants yep J did you see the
founder no I haven't seen it yet is it
even out here yet yeah it's out okay
also have you guys seen yoga hosers yes
oh it's just as bad as you would think
it would be
iii-it's it's so bad I don't even have
anything to say about it
it's it's just terrible and this is
coming from someone that was very
forgiving of tusk yeah you were very
forgiving I actually kind of liked tusk
I was really surprised
Francis Ryan for a second go to oh you
don't have it yet it's cuz I'm doing
turbo because we're talking you know I'm
dedicating only a portion of my
concentration today oh no you know what
uh sorry wait wait stop stop go uh press
the big pad go over to stuff I go to uh
over left that one there you go okay
gotta learn some shit so now it was so
now lost so you have set wait wait
you're paying for stuff already and
you're on swords and you want to be on
double swords because that's what you
have so normal sword right now uh I
thought you had the two double sword I
put that down I tricked the double
swords for like pointing skills but oh I
haven't consistently used that weapon
whatever weapon you're consistently
using so yeah so now you can buy stuff
okay so like here is so this already has
some of that is yeah that's kind of just
normal stuff but here you can grapple an
enemy who is out of key that follows up
with a powerful second this that's
though see this is the the thing that
rich needed that you guys keep telling
rich to do he didn't buy it yet he did
not have that skill yet which is what I
kept saying but the chat was saying no
everyone has that skill that's just
really good right away and I'm telling
you
so these are some extra moves you can do
rich okay this will help you this will
help you on your journeys also uh so
game pal UK also really like in the nerd
group I happy to see it becoming a
successful series in our our LM Vienna
sausage anyone what Vienna sausage
Yoga Yoga hosers Oh Kevin Smith much
like Netflix audience and he's willing
to put in no effort because he knows
they'll just watch whatever he makes
yeah yeah I got this idea I know it's
terrible but it'll be funny that's
terrible and everyone watch it anyway
I'm gonna go smoke pot Yeah right
I he's had he's had a he has no uh he's
had no what do you call it someone to
push back he's had no negative
reinforcement yeah well he blocks out
any he just constantly writes off anyone
that gives him negative criticism yeah
he'll be self-deprecating you know you
know left and right but the minute
someone else criticizes him then he gets
super thin skins and and just stopped
paying attention to that person because
they're just mean there's the meaning
follow be J has seen splits
he thinks it has redeemed am night yes
what's very very good he's not going to
talk about it more for spoiler sake yes
that is the split that is the split
Tartans have said J I asked this earlier
jack and rich is John Carpenter's slowly
melting into an elderly David lo pan
John Carpenter's looked like an elderly
person for 30 years
no pan specifically I can see a little
bit of this that's not far off the mark
yeah yeah there's a little bit a little
pan in current John Carpenter any of you
guys watching the leaves you know I
don't even know what that is I don't
know what Legion is I'm sorry I'm sorry
mr. bucket none of us are watching
Legion nyan limb X nyan Lee mix within
the last year I became an atheist
because
well I read the Bible how do you deal
with a crippling hopelessness that comes
with it love the work and thanks for all
you do it why do you have this is my
question
that's it should be a freeing thing
that's the that's actually that's on you
man
yeah you're crippling hopelessness
really feel hopeless about yeah that's
what I'm saying it's on it's one more
whatever that person's feeling I you
know I think for some people have a an
issue dealing with the lack of an
afterlife
but as far as I'm concerned that just
makes life more important like this is
it this is all you got and you better do
something good with it yeah even if that
good is just being nice to all the
people around you and like that's
something good with it so I guess that's
how I deal when you're dead you dead so
I better do it while I'm alive exactly
shit yeah tired and sad Jay I know you
love alien 3 yeah but isn't alien
covenant really any better an idea than
Blomkamp's new cancelled alien film uh I
don't know is this a Blanc f1 cancelled
again I thought I heard it was cancelled
and then I thought they were gonna do it
maybe they're not doing it again I don't
care I don't care about the alien series
of the Lord
alien covenant looks lame as fuck maybe
I'll be proven wrong and maybe there's
more to the movie than what we see in
the trailer but it looks lame just
because moving doesn't mean there needs
to be endless sequel yes until the end
of fucking die yeah and the Blomkamp one
would it's from what it sounded like it
would just be fanservice
it would just be like no one liked alien
3 we're gonna wreck on that and we're
gonna give you we're gonna give you
Ripley we're gonna be noot and we're
gonna give you all these things that you
like from aliens it's like a fan it's
it's Neil Blomkamp's a fan so it would
have it would be a big-budget fan film
basically hmm maybe it'd be fine I don't
know Blomkamp doesn't really have a very
good track record I mean he made one
good movie I'm gonna go on record as
saying I've seen enough
you know more yeah yes yes yeah yeah you
know what I'll be with you man and how
sad is it that name stuck where did it
come from aliens
was it not until aliens I don't know
like I know it's not said anywhere in
Alien but I didn't know if it was
something that was established elsewhere
or whatever
no we saw the stupid name is like making
a point like the corporate suits who
named it they just they don't understand
what they're dealing with it's got this
dumb name yeah sure classifying it yeah
classification is this XJ three seven
seven seven right right that's what
xenomorph was yeah no I think the first
three alien movies and I know a lot of
people don't like alien 3 but I think
the first three movies wraps everything
up that you need from that series mm-hmm
I don't hate a lien resurrection it's
it's sort of a goofy kind of fun movie
but it's not necessary I you know it
doesn't need to exist right but you have
alien and then you have aliens which
kind of takes everything that was an
alien and an upset and it's more of an
action movie and then you have alien 3
which for me wraps up Ripley's story and
she's got superpowers you can play
basketball really great like what we
wanted in an alien movie wow look at her
basketball skills come on
but ya know we don't need more there's
nothing more to do with the alien right
no and you know like that's something
I've talked about a lot I don't like I
don't think Richard seen any of
Blomkamp's movies but he has a one
really good movie yes he's got one can
kind of be justified movie he's got one
bad then he's got chappie and he's got
chappie yeah that'd be like I I think
there's an argument that can be made for
Elysium there's some good parts to it
methane is pretty good it gets a little
preachy how come it was strong attack
working blaze red oh that was a sword
never mind I got that for the sword
you got that for the sword and it you
know it might not work you're in low
stance maybe it doesn't work in low
stance I don't know I don't know man I
don't know 100% the rules then district
9 is great district 9 is a great movie
that holds up it is still a good movie
yeah illicium I can make an argument for
listening there's some fun in there
who's the feeling and that Jodie Foster
is great Matt Damon he's really a weird
mech suit right now but like not the
thing I actually really likes about that
is it is not a sexy mech suit oh sure it
looks dumb clunky and awkward clunky
just like it should suit illicium a
little little heavy heavy-handed with
the social commentary jerk and the
ending didn't make sense in the sci-fi
universe was a lycium the world were
like the rich people all lived in like
the ring and surrounding earth did the
ring surrounding earth yeah or it's like
a spaceship or say it's something I
forget okay did I ever mention that
that's similar to an idea me and Mike
had like back in high school
slack idea we weren't taking too
seriously uh some kind of like you know
dystopian future where everyone was poor
but all the rich people there's like
this big structure in the middle of a
series like a giant Tower yeah and all
the rich people lived in there and they
were gonna kill all the poor people and
it's like this giant rolling pin was
gonna come out of the giant Tower at the
center of the city center of the city
and it was gonna come down and I was
gonna slowly start like rotating
that's good now I'm like the big the big
thing that they're trying to accomplish
in Elysium spoiler alerts realistic is
they're trying to get the the rich
people in the space ring have all this
advanced medical technology and they
don't want to use it on the poor people
okay and at the end they trick the
computers into thinking that all the
poor people on earth are the rich people
so all the medical stuff goes down to
earth and there's these like they win
and all there's all these shots of all
these like medical robots and ships
going to earth and fixing all the poor
people now but it there didn't seem to
be any cost to it so like you get to the
end of movie like that's really easy why
didn't the rich people just do that to
shut him up like the rich people were
still getting medicine and still happy
and so I was like they never they never
made the case for why the rich people
weren't doing that other than rich
people are bad right and so I was like
what was the what did it cost them so
like I thought the ending was really
flimsy but there was some fun stuff in
there there was some fun stuff yeah
let's see here analysis it was the best
of times it was the worst of times it
was the age of wisdom it was the age of
foolishness foolishness it was the epoch
of belief it was the epoch of
incredulity it was the season of light
that's what anonymous paid $2 to have me
say so I said it
deaqon twitch have you guys seen any
Brazilian movies city of God is really
good
nope I'm trying to thank Brazilian
movies I don't think the result doesn't
count
rich I'm trying to think I maybe have
and I can't think of any offhand great
just having the worst time yeah like a
lot of it you need to you need to start
rocking that that G rebuild so I can't
even I can't even hit well I don't like
doing that here's more right well and
it's it's really it's really tough
because you have to take your I like I I
think it works better if you actually
look at your chi meter but then you have
to take your eye off your enemy to get a
solid G rebuild it stuff rich it's it's
tough AEE Ference is jack i thought
about it i toughed it out through season
one of jessica jones it ended up growing
on me still not a big Krysten Ritter fan
but she ended up being tolerable I even
got used to her weird walking thanks did
he walk weird maybe I know for me the
thing that bothered me the most during
the season one of Jessica Jones was
these awful jeans that she was wearing
she had the same pair of jeans on
throughout the entire season and they
were ratty and they like we're not
flattering to her figure and it's like
why the heavily she wearing these jeans
are so gross yeah she's a growing scary
she's the alcohol I think doesn't care
about life but there actually is a
payoff for the jeans
so that shocked and delighted me I'm
super into Jessica Jones whose side you
taken the Kevin Smith's feud with Bruce
Willis
what's the feud specifically oh they
made cop out yeah and Bruce Willis was
annoyed at Kevin Smith because he didn't
seem to understand any of the technical
aspects of filmmaking and that annoyed
Bruce Willis that's understandable
and so yes Willis then kind of honed in
his performance and yeah led to a lot of
tension on the set which caused Kevin
Smith to he told the whole story about
it yeah I you know I'm gonna say like I
I don't give a shit about either of them
I don't want to side with either of them
yes Bruce Willis seems to not give a
shit about anything he's in ever anymore
and Kevin Smith is kind of technically
inept he owns he owns up to it but he
still I I think what like in that story
tells about Bruce Willis when Bruce
Willis is like you've been making movies
for how many years and he never learned
your lenses I think first of all this
has a point yeah um yeah so I'm gonna
lean a little more towards Bruce Willis
but I I don't I think they're both kind
of shitty I what we can agree on is both
of them were acting unprofessional yeah
and I think it's pretty shitty of Kevin
Smith to make like a whole to try and
like make himself look like the victim
right telling this whole story about it
like Oh Bruce Willis was mean to me yeah
maybe you should learn how to fucking
direct or hire someone who can learn
that shit for you that's what's well he
does that's a cinematographer
right he did all that stuff for him but
it's still like you should know these
things
at least enough to you know know what to
ask for yeah yeah I'm with you I'm with
you anonymous says I'm sorry it was the
season of darkness it was the spring of
hope it was the winter of despair we had
everything before us we had
thing before us we were all going direct
to heaven except for Jevons yeah sure
whatever
Oh J you presuming any of you are going
to heaven bets man they said the thing I
said thing J is doing a great David
Lynch movie or the greatest David Lynch
movie didn't we just talk about the ship
dude I'm gonna stop showing up two hours
late I'm still catching up man
still catching up with tips doing great
David Lynch movie are the greatest David
Lynch movies the question no great is it
Kyle MacLachlan mmm
yeah sting is in that lots of people are
in it gotta see this movie yeah or maybe
not I do what I do and start watching it
and then give up 20 minutes in done that
a couple of times now I love that David
Lynch I gotta give this movie another
shot no no are you looking forward to M
night Shyamalan s upcoming unbreakable
sequel shared universe that he's working
on completing god I hope not
um I I I mean I have a different opinion
of him now after split because I like to
split some orange maybe so I am kind of
open to it but not dead
he has only made one good movie in the
last 15 years so it's quite possible
it's a fluke
track Gers not the best I do love
unbreakable that's actually my favorite
movie of his number it was a great movie
yeah but the thing that makes America
miracle then females are flawed as hell
the thing that makes unbreakable kind of
remarkable in its own right is it is as
intended the first act of a superhero
movie stretched out through an entire
movie yep so the idea of him now
presumably making the second act an
entire movie doesn't really sit right
with me cuz that was the whole idea is
like we don't get
the massive payoff of the Cape and the
crime caper like it's just this small
little simple thing yeah
and there's something similar and split
where I don't wanna give away spoilers
because you haven't seen it yet I will
give no spoilers but there's something
similar in split where there's a
revelation at the end of the movie where
if there's no payoff to it in a future
movie
I'm a-okay with that hmm it's a great
revelation you know that kind of
recontextualizes the whole movie but if
there's no follow-up on it in any other
movies that's fine
it works as just a little moment yeah
yeah and that's that's all I can say
without giving anything away tricky it
starting to get excited to see splits it
doesn't have a twist in the traditional
sense of like like obviously six cents
if it didn't have the twist that it has
it would not be as interesting of a
movie mmm like the twist kind of makes
the movie split if it did not and I
don't even call it a twist oh let's call
it a revelation of more information yeah
if it did not have that then we would
still function great as a movie okay but
it adds this other element to it that
makes you go back and look at the movie
in a different light I am fucking dragon
yes this is a PlayStation exclusive game
this is only on the PlayStation 4 I'm
excited my local theater I'm I think I
just need to take a day off of work
because they're playing both splits and
lala land
I mean take the kids I got to see it no
I got to see it for I think we're doing
a thing it is I'll tell them we're gonna
make a video about it go see Talal and
if you want to take a nap oh you beat
the people I think it's songs it's gonna
be great until they forget that the
movies a musical for a good 45 minutes
yeah I guess all I'm saying is if Lisa
asks you about a video we made about
split and la-la-land
to go along with okay
they'll do I might have to know I know I
won't hey Jack and rich NJ love here
love hearing Jack talk about the DC TV
shows oh yes my garbage shows I love my
garbage shows do you think all the shows
have been great this season even arrow
PS caught the feels when Supergirl
sister caught the game the Supergirl has
been since they've moved to CW Supergirl
has been spot fucking on they've changed
the tone they've gotten rid of villain
of the week stuff they've lightened it
up Superman was a great addition
networks just suck CBS did not know how
to handle the property yeah and arrows
been pretty good
fine is good I don't watch legends of
tomorrow I haven't you know what and I'm
behind I haven't seen most of the new
stuff of arrow and flash but uh but yeah
so far so good I like it all I like it
all CBS CBS is for I'll be by and I've
heard really good things about legends
of tomorrow I know like they did a whole
episode about George Lucas yeah like
they had to say like they had to go back
in time and like there was a ripple on
time so George Lucas never made movies
or something so that to convince him to
make movies and they ended up like
making Star Wars disappear or something
which set back scientists who wanted to
do space travel or you know like some
sort of reasons so like they're getting
legends of tomorrow is getting super
schlock which is great which is great
and no I haven't seen Riverdale have you
heard about Riverdale it's Archie yeah
sexy Archie okay the comics started
doing sexy Archie didn't they did they
they drop like the ultra cartoony style
or maybe at least maybe it's like the
ultimate universe version of Archie and
they are gee I don't think they still do
normal aren't you but this is sexy
aren't you
it is zombie Archie yeah afterlife with
Archie rather than life with our - yeah
yeah oh it's funny that's funny people
and that's that's an ongoing thing - it
wasn't like a one-off really yeah that's
crazy but yeah they have sexy Archie now
which I haven't seen Riverdale oh I've
heard a little bit about the sexy Archie
rich is getting a fart just leaving
rich is done but yeah I haven't seen
Riverdale which got too upset about
talking about Riverdale oh yeah it's
really good another skin it like to me
though that's one of those concepts that
is a sketch yes like turning Archie's
sexy Archie sexy Archie's is a comedy
sketch yeah absolutely
probably is somewhere already I've seen
clips because I've just seen a couple
like promo images I haven't seen any
clips of it oh like well because I
watched all the shows on the CW app like
Josie the Pussycats the back but they're
all sexy in their rapid go no I just
don't care yeah no I heard you I used to
read Archie comics like that was that
was my first foray into comics cuz those
are the only comics my mom would buy
well that's cuz they're wholesome right
now even that's been sullied mm-hmm and
I think they did they did Betty and
Veronica making out on episode one of
course like of course they did just kick
down that door we're not gonna dance
around this last for this no one who
wants this kids don't know who Archie is
they're not gonna watch it right name
recognition right yeah yeah but to the
question about the the flat or I saw him
the Chad someone's talking about the
flash and how his power gets old after a
while and it really does he can run fast
and so every single season his main
nemesis is just a guy who can run a
little bit faster that's not that's no
joke that's no exaggeration it's on like
season four now and every single season
is just a guy who can run faster Oh God
and it's super lame but the guy who
plays Barry Allen is fun they have fun
with the show they do corny stuff
there's some good there's some good in
the flash show okay
so I'll stand by it though yeah it's
just you got to run a little bit faster
Barry
oh no you ran too fast you broke the
time line again in the comic books okay
what do they do with Wally West after
they brought back very element yeah
they're good bye I have no idea and were
the fans who have been reading the flash
since they killed off very Ellen when
they upset but the character may have
been following as the flash for 23 years
was kicked out well maybe he's still
maybe he's still the flash somewhere I
don't know I have I I just I don't care
about the flash except for a CW show
don't either I'm just curious about that
flash and I'm sure the flash feature
film will be amazing oh my god oh my god
it's gonna suck so bad
no no DC has their shit together
absolutely everything we do is very well
planned out what did they lose like a
third director something like that Wally
West disappeared from the timeline after
the new 52 oh god no poor Wally West
Wally West went back to his home planet
never existed no yeah that's what they
did in the new 52 just people literally
never existed
oh it's not like their their story came
to an angle that's one way to deal with
continuity yep just pretend it never
happened burn all your old comics kids
these aren't grandpa's comics anymore
don't you love following DC comics is it
fun no Snyder's not directing flash he's
executive maybe he'll end up directing
it no else no one wants to work with us
cuz we keep fucking everything up he's
executive producing everything like he's
in charge of the universe he's the
health how embarrassing is that
he's the Kevin Fei Jie of the DC
Cinematic Universe
that makes my skin crawl right and it's
like you hear stories about like how
they G got to where he is in Marvel and
it's like how he's just a super fan and
you know he worked for the producer of
the x-men movies and he just knew so
much nerd stuff that they kept those in
him good for him right and he had this
like deep love and respect for all for
it like everything Marvel yeah and he
became the head of Marvel Studios great
yeah good for you buddy and say what you
want about the Marvel movies some are
better than others but they clearly are
trying you have to do the right thing
with the characters and the properties
and all that Zack Snyder has openly
stated that he doesn't like Superman he
is not minced word and says I think
Superman's a dumb character like but hey
give him given the universe yeah see
yeah see what he can make of it
Zack Snyder has openly said that every
creative decision he makes is to try and
make something look cool yeah I remember
years ago trying to listen to The
Watchmen commentary track and that was
everything he said was was because he
thought it looked cool but you know
really we just have a bias that's true
mr. bias it's not because one companies
is yeah one company is clearly doing a
good work or at least trying to and the
other is just like a clusterfuck
constantly Superman can be a great
character if Superman is done right yes
yeah he can be a great character he can
even be interesting even though he is an
immortal being of unlimited power yeah
you put him in the right story
I personally don't have much interest in
Superman but I've seen some Superman you
know the first Superman movie I like oh
I really care about Superman it's like
Superman is so simple all you need to do
is make him care about other people and
put those other people and harm their
young that's it yeah then Superman is a
relatable character who wants to help
everyone right boom it's just it's not
rocket science
oh you might have enough to level up
you we are or horrible Marvel shells in
right
[Laughter]
horrible horrible Marvel shit
I'm actually really thankful for the DC
clusterfuck cinematic universe
yeah it's just just from an
entertainment standpoint it's hilarious
to me they just continue to fuck up over
and over and over it's amazing it's
almost as if they are trying to yeah
it's it's like like watching a train
wreck you just can't look away
[Laughter]
darkus many tips left we're still
getting through much like this from Zack
snow the act
he's gotta be guys hey guys I think we
got pretty exciting my movie jakecooper
cool I've been working out have you seen
my my hose I'm doing the Batman CrossFit
routine actually I showed Ben Affleck
how to do that routine I can look for
big retire of the Batman no big deal I
know Zach of the axis as roses are red
violets are blue bought you guys Artemis
bridge simulator five months ago let's
get you to simulate a Star Trek mission
with friends poems are hard get my gun
stream Jax is anonymous tell rich to do
whatever he wants and tell the chat to
shut their smiley smiley faces why we're
how we're having a good chat tonight
everything's fine tonight so far no
one's being mean yet don't go over to
the YouTube comments right now cuz we
made fun of anime I have not moderated
the comments yet and I'm not looking
forward to that when I get home button
just ignore him just don't read him
anymore and then everything's fine well
I let you sometimes they use bad words
that I don't like them using so when you
filter those out you can do that you
know oh yeah I know I have an auto
filter but then it still gives you like
these like maybe this is a bad
those those guys oh I can't plenty of
words on oh you tube right dr. Gunther
hooter hangar says I'm hungry be right
back
chunky Bologna says J the wheel of the
worst with miss utterly you edited her
face cutting too rich in Colin and it's
so perfectly executed I laugh every time
oh good do you play with editing for a
while or do you just imagine it and make
it like for example like just that that
comedic timing of mrs. utterly too rich
in rich in Colin yeah did you well I
mean that wasn't that's one of those
things when you're going through the
timeline and you're editing stuff you
just kind of start experimenting sure
most it's very rare when you see a
specific edit in your mind before you're
actually doing it especially something
like best of the worst word you know the
conversation is spontaneous oh sure like
I know there are several times where I
will play with the timing of a joke yeah
where it's like you know sometimes it's
like if I think it's a funny joke I want
a little more room to breathe afterwards
or you want the pause before the
punchline like oh yeah you tweak that
stuff couple frames more yeah yeah but
so you just you kind of saw that moment
as you were editing you didn't envision
that right yeah and that's that's the
case with a lot of our editing mm-hmm it
just sort of happens it just sort of
happens that's great and then you refine
as you go yeah great hey that was a
little little behind the scenes well
behind suit Street right there tired sad
says you may have already discussed this
but what are your guys thoughts on Ben
Affleck not directing the Batman it's
hilarious it's it's so beautiful in the
case of that movie it's actually kind of
disappointing because I would like to
see another good Batman movie right in
regards to the right that is just a
emblematic of the entire DC Cinematic
Universe it's hilarious
[Music]
it could have been an opportunity to do
an actual good Batman movie
I've liked Batman movies but Batman is
usually the weakest part yep the Batman
movie is pretty much every Batman movie
well and at some point you just have to
who is making these decisions like yeah
who let Ben Affleck go yeah how do you
fuck that up he was he was a good Batman
he's an accomplished writer and director
academy award-winning what who how not
lock him down that's your only job as a
producer is to lock people down yeah
what do you need what do you need
athlete any money we got money we're WB
we got we got literally nothing but
money won't for long keep making the
decisions they're making as long as
those damn movies keep making money
no keep making money anonymous says rich
son son rich son okay must be samurai
must be one with the universe calm no
mind
now go okay I know if you know every siz
sorry for another Jay have you tip but
Jay that's my entire Twitter feed by the
way yeah the ants
it's just have you seen this have you
seen this have you seen this sometimes
it's nice they love you I guess
it's worse when they say like what do
you think about this or it's like oh I
got a fit a response and a Twitter reply
so that's why I just ignore everything
all the time every every couple days I
might read the top couple tweets and
maybe I'll respond that just makes you
sane I don't get too wrapped up in
Twitter that's probably that's probably
anyway what um have you read the book
devil's candy know about bonfire of the
vanities oh no I haven't but you've
heard of it I've heard of it yeah
because that's like a notorious disaster
the making of that movie oh okay but no
I have not read it yeah well there you
go so it's called Devil's candy about
bonfire I do recommend though the the De
Palma documentary that's just called De
Palma
it's very very good why is it there Oh
horseshit all right let's see runagate
akira says hey guys my local theater is
doing a fan festival showing older
movies which one should I see oh this
looks like a tough okay you can only see
one movie Fargo Fight Club Groundhog Day
Jurassic Park Pulp Fiction Starship
Troopers or Princess Bride Club oh Jesus
Christ
Fight Club hmm we'll read those again
I'm thinking more from the perspective
of like what is the best movie to see
with a big audience right
Fargo fathers like one mote you have to
forget the other movies exist
oh no no no if you're nothing you only
get to see one movie at this festival
that's different
Fargo Fight Club Groundhog Day Jurassic
Park Pulp Fiction Starship Troopers
Princess Bride I think as far as just
general audience reaction goes yeah I
would go with Starship Troopers
if you're just looking for a great
theatrical experience where I'm sure
people will be like laughing and yelling
and have a good time Starship Troopers
is the movie not the best movie of that
a lot by far but I possibly the best to
see wicked possibly the best to see with
the crowd yeah you know maybe Pulp
Fiction a close second ooh and I'll tell
you I like your thinking Starship
Troopers I think is a great choice yeah
any opportu
to see Jurassic Park got a big screen
again is where I would go I'm fucking
Jurassic Park that movie is a theatrical
experience was kind of spoiled for me a
couple years ago when they did the 3d
re-release I went inside and the entire
movie there was some like I don't even
know maybe like 17 18 year old girls in
front of us yeah
on their phones the entire movie not
paying any attention and then when the
movie goes out got over we heard they
were just like right in front of us we
heard him getting up or like that was
the most boring movie ever and I wanted
to just like pick him up and throw him
over the balcony right so that movie has
been sullied for me as a theatrical
experience so sorry Jane I'm so so sorry
that I I've seen that movie how many
times in the theater I mean over 20
times in the theatre really like when it
was originally released yes I guess I
think I saw it two or three times oh man
I love that I mean that was the first
movie I bought with my own money now on
VHS that's the movie that taught me
about letterbox when I went to Suncoast
video because I had to pay for it with
my money
so why not go to Suncoast where they
overcharged what for everything it was
also the only the closest video store
not sure that I could buy videos not run
videos what do you want full screen or a
letterbox
what's a letterbox it like that Jurassic
Park is the greatest as far as I'm
concerned so I that's what I would
choose Mecca if I got to choose one of
those Starship Troopers though
yeah no you know phones ever they should
have a little Locker they should have a
little Locker outside the theater
everyone puts their phone in if no one
puts a phone in they don't get to go
into the movie theater because everyone
has a phone and they are lying there
lying if they say they don't have a
phone and if they say well what if it's
an emergency and it rings and saying you
then you don't go see movie yeah
and you don't see a movie today that's
fine this time it's lupus there are a
lot of movie adaptations that are very
not true to the source material ie
wanted or the mask with Jim Carrey are
there any like that that you
particularly like books comics whatever
The Shining Kubrick's The Shining
excellent example that's a fantastic
movie and very different from the book
excellent exam you know along those
similar lines Fight Club my cups pretty
close pretty close to the book pretty
close change the endings different the
endings different and a lot of weird Oh
Tyler cut is either cut a lot of weird
Oh Tyler stuff is either cut or change
okay I haven't read Fight Club in a long
time so I don't remember I just remember
the ending being very different I think
they handled I'm never gonna get in that
room I'm not tonight apparently no
you're you you know you're finding it
still rich it's alright you're finding
the groove I think they they handled the
movie adaptation very well yeah not
saying that the book is bad sure another
another one I would say is American
Psycho I don't know if you've ever read
that book I haven't read that if they
had made the movie adaptation very you
know closer to the book it would be
horrifying and grotesque it'd be a much
much different movie by the movies
scaling back the violence a lot and
changing a lot it works better as like a
satire Wow as the type of movie it's
trying to be sure sure yeah riche the
the chad is saying and i'm gonna go
ahead and agree with him i think you
need to change up your stat your stance
mark you're kind of stuck on this low
stance which
you're losing your Chima often and not
able to dodge as much I think you need
to do some experiments with different
stances trying to think of another
example you know what I'm trying to kind
of first-person I'm trying to think of a
of a comic book movie or TV show or
something that has drastically changed
something in the source material that
has going to be better
how about Man of Steel when they turn
Superman into life of violence that's
how I always wanted to see Superman that
that's true I write that that improved
the source material I really like I know
a two characters Bend for a hundred
years but the thing I liked most about
that Superman in dawn of justice is how
he didn't seem to really care about
anyone and he was almost like kind of a
hat like shrugging Lee saving people
yeah I thought that was an interesting
take it's character
I know the expanse is supposed to be the
show is great I love the exam I have in
Washington sci-fi original
a series based off of a series of books
I haven't read the book my wife read the
books and she says she likes the show is
better than the books okay but okay okay
yeah that's all I got so like yeah you
always got a new bias the blue team red
to first read or saw first mm oh it's
probably exceptions but I can't think of
any can you can you think of a movie
that you liked and then read the book
and liked the book better or vice versa
yeah that's that's a good question rich
that is a good gun that is a fair and
good question
I have friends that would always if
there was a movie coming out based on a
book
he would always he liked reading like
the books but he would always see the
movie first so then we'd go back and
read the book and be like you'd be
experiencing the better version second
cuz the book is almost always better
sure you read the book first and then go
see the movie and then you're
disappointed with the movie as opposed
to seeing the movie first and maybe
enjoying the movie sure and then reading
the book afterwards and be like oh the
books even better that's an interesting
take of that I I I always had trouble
doing that though because then whenever
like you know when you read a book first
it's all like you picture the characters
in your mind yeah and all I would do is
picture the actor yeah if I saw the
movie that's what happened because I
read Fight Club after seeing the movie
it's like that's yeah all I picture is
the movie yeah yep
joke the book was much much better than
choked the movie I saw you at the movie
9 oh that's another one that I don't
remember a single thing about it yeah
all right you know even the book I like
that Sam Rockwell wasn't like that's not
the greatest Chuck Palahniuk so the
greatest Chuck Palahniuk
is invisible monsters I haven't read
that oh man oh man J you would probably
really dig it yeah I'll be honest with
you if you can get past the first half
okay that is a book that I started
reading and I hated on with a width a
height hot flame hate well I put it down
just fuck this book it's so dumb I hate
everything about this book and you reach
a point in the book where everything
falls together and it becomes the
greatest voter yeah but it's that first
like third is a tough tough read it
doesn't make any sense you have no idea
what's going on and you think that the
writer has lost it but invisible
monsters is a fantastic okay that I just
don't think they could make into a movie
yeah yeah like something that oh that
bothered me what was it what was the
crap like a pre like a like a teen novel
that they just turned into a movie
recently about the kid the the never
know the like the one person in the
village who gets to like read all the
books
Oh giver the giver oh so close rich but
but opposite far it's so close but
opposite the giver the giver was one of
those books is like they could never
make this into a movie because one of
the biggest reveals of the book is they
live in a black-and-white world
Wow and like the kid is flipping out
because he thinks he's going crazy but
he's just seeing color for the first
time sorry spoiler for the giver a book
that we all read in middle school but
then what then sure shit they did they
made a movie out huh
dummies getting rich to use the bird how
do I use the bird well yet first have to
find your bird yeah and then see your
circle yeah when that bird meteor is
full you get to use the bird okay with
the two buttons remember you did that
night that the one time in his Oriole
and rich he's still figuring it out and
he's figuring on us literally you've not
played this game at all until this
street I've had three hours with the
game he's fine you know what and he's
doing fine he's working making his way
through the world making my way downtown
walking fast up make it stop and I'm
alibi stop your panties in a bunch you
all look like you're having a panty
party I thought you were gonna start
singing the cheers theme why do cheers
making my way in the world today takes
everything of God know I was doing it
takes everything you are making your way
in the world today
everything you got do you think time
would pass me a thousand miles I could
just stay here tonight that's one of
those songs there's a certain point in
the song for no real reason you hear
like sirens in the background and so
whenever I would hear that song on the
radio
I think there's sirens outside drumming
nuts fuck that song okay so now if you
look at your circle you have a full-bird
meter so if you go full bird you'll be
super powerful let me kill this one guy
first yup
remember when shows had theme songs ah
I'm sure some of them still do I don't
know I feel like every show has I mean
the office did but they're out there
also sure there's not like theme songs
with lyrics anymore yep the opening
credits the sitcoms used to be like a
minute or two right but now they're yeah
ten seconds
gotta make gotta make got it yeah yeah
no more commercials exactly honestly
they're cutting out the right thing
right before they were just worried
about filling time I'm not like well we
have too much stuff ah fuck it
finally the bird rich the power of the
bird you gave them the bird get it won't
let me use my range weapon is in there
and won't let me use him
go go back Mel it whoa wait wait why
wouldn't it before press r1 or sorry
hold down our one right so you see if
you now if you press left and right on
the d-pad my way downtown
who is that even I want to say Vanessa
okay no one I mean no one I have no idea
who's famous she had like maybe three
hips or something I don't even know the
name of that song I don't either
nice note was on the radio all the time
it would it played non-stop on vh1
[Laughter]
Vanessa
Michelle Branch sure oh no that's it
loner arch on Vanessa Carlton that's who
it is I would believe any of these names
yep
richie found a demon so the demons gonna
have the white goop around them a lot so
remember your little r1o you died you
dated uh have you re watched Joss three
it's worse than jaws for because at
least that one had decent cinematography
Joss three is hideously bad best of the
worst worthy ooh
possibly Superman for Joss three just
shitty sequels in general I guess if
she's a big-budget sequels instead of
instead of superhero movies on the
downfall just general movies
yeah prestige movies lock Buster first
movies a blockbuster and then shitty
sequels that's a nice there we go I've
what what five right that wouldn't be a
fun best of the worst movie though I
don't even hate Rocky 5 as much as most
people it's not it's the worst one it's
the worst right but it has some elements
that are ok we might disagree whether or
not it's terrible it's certainly schlock
what about 4 4 is complete Schlag 4 as
is grand glorious lock so it's the
dumbest movie ever made
if you mean the greatest movie ever
yeah I would watch rocky for your best
work I would watch that just any time
you want to watch any Rocky movie that's
rocky 4 alright we got it so that's a
great one Rocky Ford just three Superman
four okay we'll call it the four three
four Episode oh yeah it's a man
guaranteed is probably not gonna happen
hey guys remember if you have a copy of
low blow - oh yes
also known as blood streets we would not
complain if it showed up before Saturday
the important card before saturday
before saturday noonish that'd be best
that'd be best aj pimps sale says hey
guys two questions
Jay how many emails did you get about
the Twilight half in the bag - oh sorry
about the Twilight half in the bag oh I
don't know that was just a joke great -
how quickly did you dismiss them all
about as quickly as you dismiss that
question yeah great oh it was the best
of times
copy was the worst of times mother was
the purpose of wisdom sister was the
desire of leather condition was the
sugar of history time was the market of
approval I feel like I feel
like you have me say these things as
some sort of like winter soldier s
programming to someone like seven
bungalow bucket apricot
I am de nerd master hey guys have you
seen the pic of James Franco's Tommy
Wiseau for the upcoming doc of the
making of the room it's kind of eerie
LOL oh hey Mark
he looks good he looks kind of looks
more like Tommy was so than I would
expect zoom I still don't want to see
someone doing - Tommy was so impression
though that's gonna be that's the
biggest problem is getting over that
yeah I'm kind of curious about the movie
but I mean I know the story I've read
the book I don't want to see anyone play
Tommy was so other than Tommy was yeah
yeah it'll just come across even though
he is a real person seeing someone even
if they do the best imitation of him
ever it'll feel comical and fake
especially when it's somebody that's
known like James Franco yeah dr. goo
tear hooter anchor says y'all are a gift
from God except there's no demonstrable
empirical proof before God so I'm
experiencing a metaphysical dichotomy
sad face what are all your opinions on
the short circuit films great actually
like the second one even a lot of people
hated what I need a hero
I remember seen it in the theater okay
I haven't watched either those movies
since I was a child so I 5 turns into a
punk rocker I remember that I remember I
need a hero plays yeah as he chases a
boat he's chasing the bad guy on a boat
okay
it's how the end of short circuit 2 ends
I don't remember I remember him yeah
getting in love like the punk-rock garb
yeah but I don't remember much else and
the greatest 80s song ever I need a hero
plays that is the greatest ad song it
can be used in literally any movie at
any time and it's the appropriate use of
that song like someone could be dying of
cancer and I need a hero yes it's the
first short circuit like it then hold up
there's a good movie you know how you
watch I've seen it recently yeah because
we have kids
and it really does okay there's there's
someone get past the brown face that's
something that dates the movies I'm a
horrible brown face yeah and some dated
humor you know like one scissor yeah
like he reads encyclopedias no one has
like and you know obviously there's a
lot of old technology that he's playing
around oh sure
but has a story it's still very it still
holds up and Gutenberg and Gutenberg
food is low coding birds you say that
like it was a positive I love Gutenberg
I got no problem with Steve Guttenberg
he was America's Sweetheart and that's
not an exaggeration like a pagoda
Gutenberg was America's Sweetheart for a
while a very brief period of time
there's like a two or three year span
and then he was done right but in that 2
years you couldn't turn a corner without
seeing Guttenberg right police academy
skadam III short circuit three men and a
baby recombine do you know who directed
three men and a baby who directed three
million baby Leonard Nimoy oh I did not
know that that is that weird interesting
fact who directed three men three men
and a little lady dad I don't know
probably not Leonard Nimoy Shatner
directed that way
because I you Gutenberg was so popular I
even saw three men and a little lady I
think I saw that in the theater it's
equal to three minute when I was pretty
little where they try to send her up
nobody directed three men and a little
lady yeah oh he directed Dirty Dancing
the director of three men and a little
lady
yeah no the dirty dancing and he did
sister at my favorite movie oh not a
nobody but he's no Leonard Nimoy
possibly better than one of me more
Sister Act
wait is this Sister Act or Sister Act
two back in the have a sister act oh
okay
so he did not work with Miss Lauren Hill
Lauren Hill and sister act to shit yes
yes isn't jennifer Love Hewitt in one of
those movies machine the second one
probably the second one that's it that's
the one in the height in the Catholic
High School no idea your your lack of
knowledge of the sister act series I
think I maybe saw the first one once on
cable or something that just means we
have to have a sister act night oh well
fine it's happening I mean watch frozen
you're gonna watch sister act it's gonna
be great if any of you guys seen sing
Street it's even on Netflix no I've
heard it's good oh great but I have not
seen it I also have not seen it rich
she's seen since treatment no what is
the sing Street I don't know I don't I
care about I don't know it's a feel-good
movie about kids singing why do I like
Sister Act so much it was one of the few
movies we had grown up on that we didn't
have much we had Sister Act and
supergirls Sister Act you see here damn
farm a lot of the movies we had were
dictated by what my mother would allow
in the house and so you know Whoopi
Goldberg on a on a mad capper caper
hiding from the Mafia in a Catholic
monastery - area like that's right up my
mom's alley so that's what we had when
you watch this track - cuz like you
already know one so she's back in the
habit
so kind of crazy shenanigans is she
gonna get into this time and so like she
she's a Vegas showgirl Whoopi Goldberg
right and she goes to the monastery to
hide out from the mob because she's
gonna like snitch on them yes
but the church is failing no one's come
to church anymore so Whoopi Goldberg
decides that she is going to spice up
the choir
yeah with some of her Vegas showgirl
tactics and it is her comedy ensues
what's the plot of the second one how
does she get back in the habit I don't
think she's hiding in the second one i
oh she's not hiding the the nuns now
have a school okay and they call her in
to help because the school is failing
and they desperately need fun so they
need some that Whoopi Goldberg magic so
they can win a singing competition
okay so Whoopi's trying to spice him up
but like all the kids are like you're
why she were in the nun costume again
she has because she has to because it's
a sequel to Sister Act she has to
pretend to be a nun because the
headmaster of the school won't let non
nuns teach okay because the headmaster
in school is very old-school so all the
other nuns know that she's a fraud but I
suppose that the first movie they don't
know the first movie they don't know but
the second movie they know and they're
willingly participating in this no
there's only like two or three nuns that
know that Whoopi's not a nun okay and
then there's some new nuns that think
Whoopi's or not oh this is the worst not
ever right but the ones you know there's
they're committing sin they're bad nuns
it's for the greater good of the school
because if the school fails these are in
inner-city youths okay okay this is
Lauryn Hill because they had a baby out
of wedlock
so they need to keep it on the hush-hush
so the kids can win the singing
competition but then the kids find out
that Whoopi's not a nun and she betrayed
their trusts they're absolutely right
how are they gonna sing is a competition
when when not even Whoopi can be real
with them dawn and then the quiet kid
who's like really quiet in class like
Whoopi you won't even believe this i
hears her singing in the bathroom and
she can sing could be the star show but
you know what she's like super shy too
shy to say he's like super shy do you
think she'll do it in the end
no spoilers for this one you guys
watching yourself yeah I just did I
talked for about 20 minutes and sister
like we liked watching movies but we
just didn't have a lot of them so I
ended up watching the same movie over
and over and over like Sister Act holy
fuck ah land fly Kosinski says I guess I
shouldn't watch you guys at all on my
lunch break if rich is gonna call me a
jerk what are your thoughts on the Lord
of the Rings extended editions blackest
I don't get played you know I have all
the extended editions and when they all
came out on DVD of Lord of the Rings I
watch them all and enjoyed them I like
them yeah I haven't one it's kind of
like like I think you can watch the
theatrical versions and you're fine hmm
but if you really love them like I do
it's nice to have the extended version
yeah yeah they just fill things out a
little bit more and some good scenes
it's kind of like with the with the
Blues Brothers there was like an
extended version that came out on DVD oh
yeah and I was like I know the movie
doesn't need to be extended but I'll
watch as
much more Lulu's brothers as you want to
give me and that's so I feel the same
way about the Lord of the Rings yeah
which I feel the exact opposite way
about The Hobbit movies write that shit
down to one movie which somebody has
done I've never watched it like oh that
is if I I've been waiting for it I think
it's like yeah I think it's like three
hours it's all three movies condensed
I've never watched any hours just cuz I
have so little interest in going back
and read watching The Hobbit yeah
even even a condensed version maybe one
of these days but yeah just read the
Lord of the Rings movies I couldn't get
enough better they're great movies too
much he's on autopilot young Dioner says
STFU I'm busy we can chat later
rewind shock says hey Jay have you seen
the bomb no I think I've heard of it I
think I have a poster in my head I think
is it like a throwback movie like an 80s
throwback thing good no budget cheesy
Halloween fun okay hey rich if I buy you
Space Hulk Ascension will you play it
which one is that
I don't know pretty sure I don't know
[Applause]
sorry okay sorry I can't nope I can't do
that and play this again you can't and
you don't Jack if I trade you some
competitive Pokemon will you battle
online nope no I've learned the Pokemon
Trading Card Game because my kids are
super into Pokemon at the moment and
that I play difficult board games and
card games all the time and the rule set
for the Pokemon is is dumb and
complicated and I don't understand yeah
yeah and like the problem is it can be
cute like it can be like fun if you both
have your deck like oh these are the
Pokemon I really like is you can't have
a little bit of fun but there is clearly
a winning strategy and that involves
like buying the right card
so it's a pay2win sit down but in some
of its meets ish but no I will not
battle you online uh tired and said said
who's done a better job managing their
cinematic universe Warner Brothers or
Sony what's the Sony Cinematic Universe
well Sony failed quicker because they
tried to start it with I guess
technically the amazing spider-man but
Amazing Spider and to is where they were
trying to set up the spider-man
Cinematic Universe
I'm gonna say you can't say you have a
cinematic universe if you have only
produced movies for one franchise you
have just made sequels at that point
okay
so DC by virtue of the fact that Sony
has completely failed to make a
cinematic universe of any crime yeah I
can get behind that well but technically
speaking then Warner Brothers hasn't
made a cinematic universe either yet
Suicide Squad yeah oh sure
Steel Batman V Superman and then Suicide
Squad well the Batman V Superman is a
Superman technically a Man of Steel
sequel
it's a Man of Steel speed yeah sure yeah
but Suicide Squad okay I take that back
then I you know what I have and Wonder
Woman and Justice League what they're
not out yet they're not out yeah but
they've been made sure as opposed to
what was Sony was trying to do what
sinister six or whatever yep and that
just fell apart completely yeah so Sony
has given their toys back to their
owners at this point so so yeah by by
forfeit WB wins that that bad off
Darrin's head says if Justice League
doesn't make as much money as Batman vs
Superman how long will it take Warner
Brothers to reboot the DC extended
universe they'll probably try again
relatively quickly yeah different people
they yeah they and we've if we've
learned anything it's that they're
constantly rushing all their creative
decisions so if Justice League fails
there will be like a new Batman movie
within like two years those immediately
try and make a new
yep a fresh start yep gotta sell them
toys yeah gotta sell them toys all right
I think I'm getting better yeah you're
don't think I'm good but I think I'm
getting better you're learning some of
those super moves I'm doing a super soup
favorite customer says hey guys have any
of you seen berbarian sound studio no
I've been wanting to see it I even
watched it yet or tonight she comes I
don't know what that one is
apparently rich has seen it and he's a
big fan no I wanted to see berbarian
sound system I just never gotten around
to watching it what is it it's I do you
know who Toby Jones's that name rings a
bell he's a little guy he's a little man
he's the UH
you've seen the mist right yeah he's
like the little like bagger like the
older guy kind of ball dish yeah yeah
it's he's like uh he works for like a
like a film company that does like post
production sound work and I don't know
much about the plot but it's very like
atmosphere driven and mm-hm and dark
cool I've heard it compared favorably to
David Lynch oh oh oh that's bullshit
well but you beat the red guy right so
you don't have to I don't think I got a
chance to pick up a weapon II dropped I
know I don't know I think I was trying
to put it on oh he's the voice of Dobby
in the Harry Potter universe
oh really Toby Jones yeah I know that
like Truman Capote once Oh interesting
he's a good actor and I'm a fucking
dragon yes I love board games
I love played board games all the time
right now I'm currently obsessed with
Marvel legendary the the marvel deck
building game we just bought another
expansion because like my my wife and I
like if we have a free 30 minutes we'll
just bust it out and start playing
because oh yeah we're obsessed with it
it's a great game it's great deck
building game
we also played what was it that was
really fun it's called battle wizards
battle wizards is a new game that we've
been playing recently where you have to
like combine stuff and you say funny
spells it's it's a really good party
game because it makes people say goofy
things but there's also a firm rule set
unlike other card games that make people
say weird things and so it's it's a
really neat simple strategy game that
that's a fun party game so wait this is
the Serbian sound system this is like a
variants ounces so Barrett that's it's
like a real movie not a documentary
about him no no it's really okay it was
a Netflix I don't know if it still is
like my goal is just to beat that
fucking demon I know there's a whole
other area over here I know but I want
to beat that demon that's a fine goal
rich you can do it I believe in you
wake up wake up laptop I believe in you
- laptop oh shit did you lose all your
tips is that how that works
I don't know oh hey they didn't come
back oh there you go Hey nope
cuz subs on that computer Oh
[Music]
everything's fine all the tips are here
he was Arne and Zola in the first
Captain America movie oh yeah and he
shows back up as the the computer and
Winter Soldier oh of course
Toby Jones you know our little guy by
the way I was just thinking of like TV
in his chest right knowing I was
creating silly me I was thinking of
Baron Zemo from the latest Captain
America who wasn't a baron zemo in this
one captain may as well be another it's
so great when you have an enemy that's
like everyone's just okay beating the
shit out of that is that is what the
Nazis that was their gift they could be
villains and stories it's really easy
enemy and boom nice I've always said
Nazis are great villains because you can
do anything you want whatever could be
the most horrible thing in the world
yeah and you can do it to a Nazi and you
people will cheer inglorious basterds
that was literally the plot of that
movie yeah you know you have a scene
where somebody slowly cuts a person's
face off like one chunk at a time yeah
glorious bastards did you see a glorious
bastard not that specifically but they
they slowly tortured Aziz
I'm just thinking about that movie the
other day I want to be watch that that
opening scene that might be what if
Tarantino's best movies mmm it's really
really good it is very it's not a
filmmaking level I mean all of his
movies are of course fantastic but yeah
that one in particular is pretty great
you know it really is that opening scene
yeah I remember seeing that in the
theater and it's so tense yep he pulled
his classic Tarantino move right on the
edge of do something yeah dragging it
out just long and it's always worth it
every single time yeah take you to the
edge and it's always worth it well that
movie in particular like all this movies
tend to have really long scenes but that
movie is like five or six really long
scenes and that's the whole movie a bar
scene the basement bar scene is great
yeah classic Tarantino how long will you
put up with this as long as I fucking me
cuz you're gonna love it
you're gonna love it were you gonna get
to the end of it you're gonna stay there
we'll see a payoff you just have to
stick with it and it's gonna be worth
it's gonna be worth all you know the
payoff because you know Tarantino at
this point yep so it's just that
anticipation that builds and builds oh
yeah I wanna watch that movie
mm-hmm-hmm J did you happen to see the
newest Resident Evil movie nope okay we
are we already did our whole Resident
Evil yeah I know we're not gonna top
that no you talked about Resident Evil
before talk about it again no there's
there's no reason to bother no it's
gonna be it's more of the same we
already did our Resident Evil marathon
there's no reason to continue talking
about it and neo is going fine rich is
starting to learn it's it it's very dark
souls with samurais for me I'm having
some slight
I'm having some slight user interface
issues where you know just learning how
to work the menus it feels like it
shouldn't be as difficult that as
evidence but it's always difficult
thanks I'm good in there there's some
good in there
howdy Cesare LM over thanks for laughs
you guys like fan art of rlm I posted
artsy pic in the red letter media
shitposting groups let depends how fat
are you drawing me my favorite it's
floating on the pizza slice and a funnel
of love is mine piece I don't know any
of these things you're talking about but
right fanarts fun mm-hmm it's almost
always unflattering yes but that's
that's fine that's the nature of the
carrot that's yeah exactly that's what
caricatures are yeah I'm particularly
fond of me as a tumor growing out of
rich Evans back can't argue with a
professional Disney animator do you draw
so everyone absolutely just like me go
excuse me anonymous rich I know the
hardest thing you drink is Pepsi one but
Jack and J when you guys want to get
tanked
what is your 40 proof of choice it is
your mission J to get tang I'm rarely in
the mindset anymore of where it's like I
want to get tangs yep so because you're
an adult because I'm an adult and you
understand that your actions have
consequences
exactly I still enjoy you know having
some drinks the best of the worst it's
almost not required but it helps it
helps dull the pain but what I'm not
just you know casually drinking beer I
like
yeah that's fair luck all of these guys
ah yeah and you know it depends on what
kind of tanked like for me if I'm going
hard it's Jack and Coke jam or just
straight like Jack over ice oh yeah I
don't really like anything just straight
up whiskey man whiskey's good for you
but that you know that's if I'm like
yeah maybe I'm gonna hang out for a
little bit want some sugar in me I'll
get a deck coke if I'm going for the
long drink maybe wine just I am red wine
all night we'll keep you constantly
bullshit I don't even know where the
fuck you get health potions hey kill
people they seem to be very rare kind of
I like wine but like drinking wine in
that sort of situation where you want to
just stay like lit all night no I just
it's not worth it for the feeling in the
next morning well with wine wine makes
me feel bad the next morning yeah I can
especially if you mix it up like that
maybe one beer no no no if you're
drinking wine just have a couple glasses
of wine and end it but you know like why
and you can never get to blitz which is
what I like about it well I probably can
but to think about wine is you have a
bottle you really have more than one
bottle oh-oh I box okay I don't do the
box thing that's like three bottles so
like even even if you drink a whole
bottle of wine over the course of an
evening you're not gonna be in too bad a
shape yeah that's not bad
not too bad and then you're out yeah
that's all you have is that bottle yeah
also you guys know me IPAs high alcohol
content IPAs are my usual drink of
choice and I've been really cutting back
my drinking every day except for
Saturday which is my usual drink day so
I get extra blitzed
just from having a beer so you know
Saturday should be fun
[Laughter]
let's see here killer pi9 seven Superman
one and two equals good and hopeful
Superman 3 and 4 equals terrible scripts
and hopeful Superman Returns bad an emo
Superman steal bad emo Superman with
different director singing was going for
something man with he was trying to
capture the the richard donner feel of
the original movie yeah but but also try
and make it kind of serious like he did
with the x-men whatever he was going for
he failed the problem is that movies
just fucking boring it's it's just it's
tone-deaf yeah it's it doesn't say
anything or do anything or there was one
neat moment well I like that the
airplane crash I thought that was fun
that's when I gave up on the movie I was
first watching it I was like this is an
exciting life this should be the like
the centerpiece scene of the movie this
should be the exciting and I'm not like
interested at all so that's when I
checked out on that movie the first time
I watched it I guess that's fair like
this this is their big scene and I could
not care less I did purely from a fanboy
stance I didn't enjoy the part where he
stops the bank robbery and someone shot
him in his eyeball oh yeah and they're
like even his eyeballs are in purses
like oh I guess we've seen that now
great yeah the one part I actually
genuinely enjoyed about the movie is
when he's floating above the earth and
he can hear all the bad stuff happening
oh sure and then he has to choose which
one to save yeah yeah that's a good
Superman moment right that was that was
real Superman and then he was talking to
Louis about that later I think about you
know like yeah sometimes I'm just up
there yeah I kind of make a decision
then can I go over here I was like oh
like that was a really good thesis
statement for your Superman movie grow
on that don't try to build islands with
kryptonite right make that don't have
Lex Luthor be is
whole plan involves like wanting to sell
real estate on this like completely
uninhabitable landscape or whatever the
fuck is happening right yeah I'm making
new land I'm thinking
yet it but they had they have the
Superman thing in that tiny little
moment and I really wish I would have
expanded on that yeah but oh well
because that's the Superman thing that's
where his heart comes from he can't get
hurt but the people he loves and he
loves everyone he's here to protect you
wants to help us wants to help everyone
oh yeah you got your bird you're saving
your bird for the big demon I assume
mm-hmm yeah good idea
good idea you're on it
you're on it Lord Belmont said I know
you guys didn't like Resident Evil 7 and
as a huge fan of the games since the 90s
I love it but it's too bad you don't
show it to Jay would have been
interesting to see what he thinks
follow the new game the new game yeah
it's it's pretty similar in tone that
that outlast game that you played were
you kind of hiding from the monsters and
creepy things to look at knock out less
monsters to hide from it's a similar
style okay you you might enjoy some of
the visuals in it as it's creepy it's
creepy and krupa d alright rich you got
this don't forget to burn it up there
you go
alright take your time time I'll just
now enthralled by watching her are you
gonna be the demon
nice job rich whoa nice job you did it
this time services probably won't be
gotten to four hours after the mention
of the Miss utterly tip that was six
hours ago now whatever J the end of the
episode with the silver shamrock theme
playing over the dolls on the conveyor
belt and glorious oh I am I like that in
a lot of the best episodes you guys use
the music from one of the things to any
any time you can get a chance to
reference Halloween three well you gotta
take it great take full advantage okay
buster loads acknowledge your tip J says
Lawson Technicolor there's a nice little
documentary on Netflix called curse of
the man who sees UFOs it ends up being a
great character study on a failed horror
director Oh curse of the man who sees
UFOs hmm I'm gonna make a note of that
sounds like American movie what is it
called curse of the curse of the man who
sees UFOs okay he's a failed hoarder
Ector who is obsessed with UFOs alright
noted
another editing question Jame all the
all the random tangent / weird face
responds in half in the bag all found in
editing or was that or they planned no
they're never planned never lets all
create an entity so you don't like after
you don't use like okay we don't just
make a bunch of faces today but if you
can make a bunch of faces that I can cut
to now go they're all all made in
editing they're all naturally made faces
during the shoot yeah well loner loner
and ask an important question that I
have an answer to how do I give my
donation to Jay because he is the best
aspect of the stream even though he
doesn't show up most of the time no
offense jack and rich mostly Jack Hoel
owner arch on the the best way to do
that is to become a patron now you can
be a patron of our LM so Jay can do what
he wants all the time which sometimes
includes gonna be on stream which is
always there then we talk about movies
it's great bindle turn says i want to
desensitize myself too spooky gory stuff
in movies how do I get this done fast Oh
God gory I don't think there's a way to
get it done fast
oh and be sensitized because I've been
watching this shit since I was a tiny
child yeah I just everyday everyday
wants a new gory weird movie alright
I'm gonna go back and kill that one
little guy I'm just or we can find out
let's find out what is over the hill
over him
find out what's over the hill
land like Osinski says I guess I
shouldn't want you guys all on my lunch
break
oh I only write that one I've seen hell
or high water
yeah it's good no I want my I want my
birds I want I want the birds god damn
it
oh yeah oh man egos to like level up and
yeah I have to go back all right need
your birds for you probably got a lot of
bird material for that price
oh yeah I do don't die anyway to the
birds no I'm very worried about that now
right
Darkwing schmuck sorry if you got this
tip already but I don't know if it went
through the first time if you really
need a shitty seat for superhero movie
for best allures check out Catwoman oh
god I saw Catwoman in theater we made a
plan there's like a group of us cuz we
heard it was terrible
yeah like let's go see it to see how bad
it is we're like we're gonna go to the
last showing of the night and we're
gonna go in our pajamas I don't know why
we had in our mind that we were gonna go
in our pajamas
sure so there's a group of us that I
went to see Catwoman and pajamas and it
was terrible well there you go
it was just as bad as you would expect
it's everything we are comfy because we
were in pajamas well there you go
also Jay ever seen a breakfasts yes
Danny I've seen it praxis several times
touching story touching love story of
Jesse Ventura and a small child I've
never seen it now I don't want to it
will show up on best of the worst
eventually oh wow it has to it was on
the play-doh board once let's see here
the blue blaze says have you heard of
the discovery Netflix movie about Jason
Segel and Rooney Mara working for Robert
Redford now has scientifically proven
the existence of the afterlife
he's still working sure yeah you kind of
disappeared a little bit didn't he well
he did like that forgetting sarah
marshall leaves big and then the Muppets
movie and then I feel like he kind of
went away yeah well he was on his
writing thing for a while okay I'm just
gonna be a writer for a little bit but I
guess he's acting now Robert Redford Wow
yeah no I don't even heard of this movie
anonymous that has a very important
question for Jay Jay I live in Milwaukee
and I'm planning on getting married in
July do you guys still do red-letter
weddings no so can I hire you to shoot
my wedding you know a few all the
information you need just go to
red-letter weddings calm there you go
there right now and that's all the
information great red-letter weddings
dot-com yes okay anonymous I don't know
what that one says his daddy Hills daddy
54 hey Jay I know you like the TV show
Fargo yeah it's great
do you plan on watching Legion I don't
know what the show is I don't know
anything about Legion
so I mention it earlier I haven't heard
about this either wait I don't care that
it's a comic book TV show I care that it
has some it's a comic book TV but I know
nothing about this show I'm looking it
up right now yeah what is Legion using
the guests Legion it's on effects what's
the name of the TV show coming out
that's a DC superhero show that's a
ripoff of Marvel's damage control oh
yeah super they're nothing super nothing
special or yeah I know we're talking
it's on ABC to write or NBC it's on any
one of the network even is based on a
Marvel comic oh I know nothing about
this show it's about the a it's about
x-men oh is it
that's what I'm reading here oh it's
about
your son interesting
oh it's called powerless that's what
this was all done indeed right right
yeah it's a comedy there's no there's a
comedy show on NBC about people who like
deal with the superhero who like damage
control oh right David in Oh people so
excited for Lego Batman movie love the
original lego movie and can't wait to
see that's our catch of humor I mean I
am with this one that's that's the
important question right there if not
then who cares although I think it's
getting good reviews minor rocks they
got the tone right oh shit I just gotta
run in there and for the best I mean
yeah let me go ahead and IMDB then by
the way I go to IMDB and an ad popped up
for Legion well there you go
they've been listening in to me this
whole time yeah go check that out that
Legion I don't have FX though I'm gonna
get FX Lego Batman movie looks fun last
lego movie look fun it's directed by
Chris McKay who is most known for
directing Robot Chicken Lord and Miller
writers know Lord and Miller oh my oh my
god a lot of writers that's always a
good sign
John Whittington Jared Stern Erik summer
Chris McKenna Seth grahame-smith the
only two picture people here with
pictures Seth grahame-smith the guy that
wrote that Abraham Lincoln vampire
hunter boy that's that's weird I think I
think that's the same guy oh by the way
Seth grahame-smith is a writer owner was
a
Derk shadows no he wrote the movie yeah
yeah the Tim Burton movie that sucks
[Music]
yeah he started off as an author and
then now he's writing movies Chris
McKenna is most well known for being a
producer on American Dad he had
something to do with community to know a
pretty surfer community okay
oh also a writer here we go okay he's
also written for the Mindy project which
I've never seen community and American
bad no Lord Miller but Lord and Miller
set the tone sure it's funny you're
something much more hesitant I mean I'm
gonna see it no matter what because my
kids know that it exists oh sure I will
see it Oh Ike you know what I'm seeing
it on Thursday we already have ticket oh
wow I'm so I know I'm seeing it already
I just hope I just hope it ain't bad
knowledge junkie have you guys ever
considered another board game stream
night you could use tabletop simulator
to play great stuff like Castlevania
board game or betrayal a house on the
hill Horror Club oh I do love that game
that's oh yes I love board games we had
a lot of fun with the board game stream
the problem is board games usually
require a lot of people and coordinating
that many people is usually a difficult
task as we are all busy and not all of
us want to broadcast the things we do
insane to people so yes oh and you know
what someone recently gifted me a board
game or a tabletop simulator so maybe
that'll make it easier but yes we do
want to do another board games for you
it may or may not happen
it may or may not happened J did you see
Guillermo del Toro's crimson peak you
know I started watching it I rented it
like iTunes or something and I got like
20 minutes in and it's like I don't care
and I shut it off
Wow yeah there you go
I have nothing to say about it well
there's like nap listen for me a little
too stuffy I don't like those like
Victorian ghost story things like I
don't care I like caramel Villatoro
which is why I give it a shot but oh
sure oh you missed yeah or I should say
I like caramel toros enthusiasm towards
everything he makes love zzs of jovial
man that just loves making movies which
is great oh this is just a background
and uh no man loves making movies and
that's a great question Reggie I like
killing things yeah that's why you
aggravated them yeah ultimately that
wasn't my problem
Danny's pain Lord bellman says you
didn't but you have to like fucking van
out of shape over some crap game it was
dull I was looking at the screen he was
walking around question though rich Rhea
playing it right I wasn't playing okay
Jack were you playing it correctly I
appeared to be but because I assuming if
someone says that but you have to like
it then it really you really look like a
sack of boring dicks is if I if I didn't
unconditionally love it then obviously I
was playing it wrong yeah
but Lord Belmont says you didn't get too
far in Resident Evil 7 but you do get
regular enemies later I was curious
about Jays react
into it because of the Texas Chainsaw
Massacre vibe Jay does like creepy
things I do Jay likes creepy movies like
creepy movies I have not played this
game though so I don't know right you
and he you might like it I think it's a
great atmosphere trying to shove a game
around it
yeah you can't really chef a game around
it I don't worry we'll call it an
experience
it's immersive right it's supposed to be
immersed that's exactly what it is yeah
there's a door over there that you can
go after you defeat the big monster did
you look at the chests inside the house
one of the chests has I pick up all the
shit I thought I thought I completely
looted the house but it's entirely
possible I missed something and you know
what I feel really stupid yeah I kept
going back if I out if I had even before
I go around the other way the other way
was like a shortcut to get here where I
didn't have to fight those three guys so
now I just feel like a moron and that's
great that is that is PI clam how much
of your half in the bag is all % Oh
incorrect would you like to make a
percentage guess what is before I ask
the question Oh rich was wrong with 12%
okay I'm gonna say 5% well it's gonna be
an extreme then if there's an actual
percentage involved Oh 100 okay what's
your guess
1% risk is correct 100% I'm always okay
how how much of your half in the bag is
improvised well no if you count the
skits okay I suppose you correct the
skits are written and then the entire
discussion is is you know off the cuff
sure sometimes you guys sometimes
there's no skits so in those cases it is
a homicide you know I was closer with
the 12% I think yeah
even with this picture at 90% 90%
improvised right
it says sometimes you guys seem
surprised at each other's reactions to
films and sometimes you seem like you've
already discussed it no we we never
discussed the movies before we talked
about him on the show yeah probably some
of that is just from you guys knowing
each other sounds like you probably know
how Mike is going to react to well
sometimes if we see the movies together
you can just get a vibe in a theater
what's happening right the same question
about the nerd crew show bit trickier
yeah maybe 60 to 75 percent scripted
okay I'm gonna say cuz I'm proud of it
the I've been it's like being dead for
90 minutes but you're eating popcorn
100% improvised yeah yeah is as was
Ghostbusters Oh God yeah mess that came
out of nowhere some great improv range
yeah thank you
quality quality improv I don't like to
toot my own horn but I'm just too proud
oh it's like you're being dead for 19
minutes but you get to eat popcorn it's
a great line
Oh big monster you were woken a big
monster but I want to fight him in a no
you're doing great
Oh oh hey nice birdie man I should have
burned the bird anonymous have you guys
seen Neil Breen's newest film
pass-through not yet no we're waiting on
a guess we don't have to wait on against
we don't have to but we are and we don't
have to do them
we should there should be a time limit
on the waiting we'll see we'll see we
haven't seen we've only seen one Neil
Breen film yeah as we know that we
should record our reactions if we watch
another one right here's here's the deal
we're waiting on for pasture right yes
what are the other ones I guess I feel
like that's the newest one though that's
the one that's the most exciting to talk
about if we do one of the old ones
people would say why don't you just do
pass through that's the new one Neil
Breen stuff is funny that's true I'm
still very adamant we go chronological
down the rabbit hole and then happening
of the Breen because then by the time we
get to pass through and the guest
finally shows up we will be mad with
Breen we will be we will be in a fever
bream je n'ai tell a bad story about
editing corporate videos um I don't have
one no I'm sorry that question I don't
have any bad stories about editing
corporate videos there you go I've added
very few corporate videos
and I haven't had any bad experiences no
shit there you go
sorry sorry tired exciting to say there
that's all of those guys so always
you've got yeah well your your life and
your stamina yeah
you've got this rich
so here it's time to go to bed yeah Oh
God tells me it tells me it's like a it
gives me a gentle reminder if you didn't
hear that my phone just went Bing Bing
it gives me a gentle reminder in case I
forget to go to bed as I often do that's
so sad well I'm doing stuff I barely
slept in like the last two days forget
to sleep sleep eat stand up my computer
tells me a lot really he just walked
into the fire and died oh great
that makes it really easy for you now
you're gonna get the shoot really he
just walked into the fire and died they
dropped good stuff yeah but you're dead
you died you know I got the shoes he
didn't he didn't get the shoes okay it's
true I don't like any shoe no shoes are
worth dying for
oh the terrible shoes oh they're the
terrible shoes oh no it was so not worth
it they look good but if they like walk
into a fire good things you have to
think about these are the tough calls
you make when you're a samurai yeah
[Laughter]
have any of you guys seen 2010's
predators you know Adrienne Bodhi I you
know I liked that movie him yeah I
thought it was pretty okay I think it
kind of got like mediocre reviews when
it came out no one really talks about it
anymore I thought it was decent like I'm
big into predator and I saw the trailer
for that
I think it's worth watching oh yeah it's
better than predator - and I think I'm a
predator - okay got a good cast Laurence
Fishburne's fun in it he plays like a
crazy man that's been surviving on the
predator planet for a while he just on
his own nice yeah I hope I don't have to
use the boat too much that what the
controller is just painful yes yes it is
no I don't think you do I haven't yeah
everyone's saying it's fine it's the
others if you like predator it's
enjoyable hmm there's a fight scene
between a predator and a samurai guy in
it that's what and it's never it doesn't
get like over the top which is kind of
great
for a modern movie that's great yeah I
like it all right new shampoo like a
lazy Sunday movie yeah like it's not
gonna challenge you in any way but it's
enjoyable perfect perfect
um sir Onion Knight wants to know if
rich is a method actor for example would
you only respond to the namespace cop
while filming space cop no my method
acting is I say the funny things yeah
until Mike says stop saying the funny
things yeah that wasn't funny don't say
that also was filming the prostitute
scene in feeding frenzy as awkward as it
was to watch awkward Todd listen you
talk about the things before you make
them you explain to everybody what's
going on they know what they're there to
do it's fine get to see Tina Krause's to
take off her clothes great everybody's a
happy happy time yeah and everybody's
happy time the only the only way scenes
get awkward is if you don't properly
discuss them with everybody beforehand
long as everybody knows what they're
there to do it's fine oh that got me
jaesi moonlight yet and no no I have not
seen moonlight yeah I've heard it's good
but I know you saw it and you just kind
of didn't care for cuz it did that much
of a story all right it's great
performances yeah I have this concern
that it's like this year's boyhood where
everybody loves it everybody praises it
and I'm like yeah but maybe it's good I
haven't seen it I'd like I can I I
understand where the praise is coming
from yeah the bud is just not my type of
thing controversial subject matter great
acting Jack I need know am I getting
close to a boss fight
No then we should think about calling it
sir okay do you want to run to a boss
fight do you just want to see what the
first big bosses yeah okay I can I can
help you run to a boss fight okay just
so then you can see what the boss is
like so run turn around left sure okay
so basically once you get to the top of
tower don't don't go down again so
basically you want to Oh turn look to
your left that ship there there's a boss
on that ship all right you got to get
through a lot of shit to get to that bus
do you want me to see if I can right you
do it I might be able to oh you don't
invert your that's fine so what you back
well I'm just getting about here we're
about done here anyway
shit I'm just gonna get you to the boss
so you can see what the first boss looks
like I might be able to run there I'm
hoping I can run there
some of these rubes have like yeah I
noticed collapsible parts again I'll
fuck you
hello running away oh yeah maybe nothing
all right
we can call it yeah great one more tip
[Music]
or maybe not maybe no more tips I don't
know what we have we don't have anything
to say about that times heads all right
let's um let's let's call it go open
that one make that thing thing make that
thing happen all right now is the point
in the stream in which we think all the
people who subscribe to us during the
stream which we can't barely read on the
small little monitor it's fine I can
kind of read it can you read it
sinnerman says it's amazing
twitch gives us a marker each month to
remind us of the time and money we waste
here here's to many more Pizza train
1124 fucking months in a row says
waiting on but what about Bob review
wait oh yeah we had we had a couple of
thoughts man Jack yeah a review of what
about Bob okay or demolition man ah
demolition man would be a good one or
possibly both I I have a theory about
demolition man which is that everybody
that loves demolition man loves the
first half of demolition man yes because
the second half loses all the the satire
and funny stuff oh yes except for me who
loves also the second half because I
like action sock although at the end it
is great doesn't he like a second half
no it's fine but it's tough this is
everything that people remember about
demolition man is from the first like 25
to 30 minutes oh yeah yeah but doesn't
doesn't uh wesley snipes get his head
kicked off at the end yeah my
misremembering though I don't know if
that's Wesley or if that's one of his he
gets frozen and then
and his head gets kicked off okay well
that almost makes everything worth it or
what about Bob or nothing but trouble
that's a jack and rich yeah yes putting
that out there okay lah de or possibly
LOD says that's good
love panty party lol it could be a
capital I I'm looking at this at a tiny
monitor because her big screen has
hooked up to the ps4 yeah so I could
have that name wrong and if I do I
apologize a little Raza twelve months in
a row yellow ranger says hey j RB snake
okay
kick girl v says thanks rich and jack
for teaching me the valuable what the
value value life lesson that everything
is fine all the time it's true Wow dad
fat a 42 25 fucking months in a rose is
25 what watching you guys is like
hanging with my old group of friends
thanks I'm sorry your old group of
friends apparently all died some kind of
tragic accident Edgar Allen hope Oh says
that's a good name happy Valentine's Day
you hack frauds for a second there I was
terrified that this was the 14th oh God
just forgot everything no I leave off oh
okay we're fine just stop celebrating it
Valentine's Day stupid alien oh seven
says I've been going through a shit time
for the past few months you guys and
copious amounts of alcohol have helped
keep me sane so thanks also fucked rum
LT can't be I mean he said it
just reading thing just rate about what
he said I'm reading tiny tick so I'm
sorry I forget this wrong let's just
look looks like chip or Lord spambot 88
says always nice to support you guys
thanks been bad
I am torso says hooray another month of
supporting you wonderful hacks snuke 7
says J is the Poochie of prereq streams
but we hope he never returns to his home
planet Taggart Bastogne 21 fucking
months and roses happy to see you guys
online tonight Stryker 1633 says I
really enjoy listening to your streams
keep up the great work guys
a monopolist JJ chick or cheek or JJ
cheek ur 13 months in a roses me
personally I love this stream it's
perfect in its simplicity
but complex in its subtlety waffle tale
18 months in a row mater totter George
Lucas 69 it'll make geo something I know
and make it out he's leaning in like an
old man hey it's Walter jerkwad live
says ten months sadly I might not be
able to make the 12 months I love
supporting you and hope to again when
things are better
well like a jerk wad do what to do
you're not a jerk wad says non jerk wad
you it's ironic you know I might just
means funny like this it's funny da
Richburg says ya made it no fear at all
and beat
four fucking months in a row says HBO
shit what that was something we said
hours ago
dr. Schecter promise you can't you can't
be topical you can't be like topical
about stuff we talked about three hours
ago when we yeah dr. Schaack mom got one
bless our drugs 27 fucking months in a
row
freewheeling Pope says hi guys can you
confirm whether or not it's really Mike
all right we'll look at the gift later
and then we won't be able to answer you
because we'll be off the stream then
have no idea if that gives us Mike
whatever time to figure it out club or
no wait a crab crab 21 fucking months a
neurosis sup loader loader Dan's and
Cheryl way I think I really can't read
I'm sorry
Bunga doc good it's 29 fucking months
and roses because of our limb life is
more rich no one Jack's me around and
Mike is not all it's gonna be Oh Jay no
Joshin zennith been since why am I still
paying you hacks game child UK this is
once that fin six months ago
stop being a cheap fraud thanks Ganga's
barb 927 fucking months in a row
oh and thunder guns says Smash Brothers
stream with Jay and Josh some type of
Chinese Asian or Japanese characters
that I am unable to read in any way
shape or form they're great if that was
their actual name but everything you
just said says O'Neill
I bought this yesterday Pro Lee
it says halfway to a year I guess Agent
Orange 2321 evil Mathers zard or ninety
wicked Scottie 69 says thanks to the
memories assholes just kidding lol it's
full of stars
dr. soya days 22 fucking months and
roses sing
ice-cream man show up on the plink at
aboard reminded me of the 2014 April
Fool's best of the worst Jack just
wanting to know I was actually
disappointed that I wasn't going to
watch you and Josh ramble on about that
undoubtedly awful movie home town markup
30 fucking months in a row and yep dosa
says thanks heck frauds
love you guys thank you all for
subscribing we really appreciate it it's
true we really do alright have a nice
night motherfuckers
