Episode 730
WWE 2K16 OH YEAH!!! (Part 2)
February 28, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-jba5nLwLDA
___________________________________________

[A] yeah definitely in this area here very
you alright yeah what's pail
we have to go pail $5 from I literally
cannot read that Josh who do you think
is better
the revival or the young bucks oh geez
that's the million-dollar question isn't
it um god damn that's really tough um
I'm gonna give just the tiniest bit of
edge to the revival I think they've been
doing really good work lately and then
the stuff they've been doing when
they're like when they've been able to
be on TV which unfortunately they
haven't been very much lately
like the match with DIY was you know was
voted match of the year and wisely so
but just barely
goddamn that stuff
anonymous says Josh since you are an
expert in all things metal am i down
what is your opinion of babymetal and do
you consider it metal uh yeah it's metal
it's pretty cheesy um what does
babymetal it's small Japanese girls the
play metal okay
yeah I have big fun you know the songs
are any one's allowed to play metal yeah
absolutely
it's nothing that I would put on
casually but it's kind of fun whatever
there are plenty of other you know bands
kind of mixing j-pop with metal in more
interesting ways Boris did a little bit
of it on a couple of Records previous
there was some really interesting stuff
there but I'm not you know not super
into it okay geez shots aside jack rich
and Josh just watch the latest best of
the worst
oh and gotta say that Jack's expressions
of shock horror and joy made me smile oh
and rich and Josh are awesome as well
thanks for all the fun you're welcome
you're welcome kid take that home any
amount
- yeah this quarter this imaginary
quarter nice yeah you can really fuck
with the faces yeah for that attitude
that makes it look a little more more
pleasant cheekbones hecka says sunny
spring of doomed a few months ago the
director he told a great story or Roger
Corman walked out of the premiere hmm
I'd say why but don't want to spoil the
doc do you want to know
no the point of watching the doctor no
spoilers thank you
oh my god you can really fuck with this
shaken that's just a good proper
character creator Ryan anonymous says
Josh what is your reaction to the end of
Chris Jericho when Kevin Owens on Monday
it hurts my heart I believe in a
friendship and it just hurts to see that
broken apart it's a real hurts no it was
a long time coming
I'm surprised it actually took so long
for it to happen but the way they did it
was really fantastic I'm assuming that
the the shots beforehand of Triple H
haven't taken Kevin aside and like was
him telling him like hey dump Jericho
he's got to go back on tour with his
metal band and you need to concentrate
on being a winner and or dropping the
title to Brock Lesnar or Goldberg rather
so he can fight Brock Lesnar at
WrestleMania and that match is gonna be
stupid it's gonna be two old dudes that
can barely wrestle wrestling for the
biggest championship in the world
little is old enough around well he's
been real well he's not how about that
Macho Man Randy Savage oh yeah oh man
lovey some Bam Bam Bigelow yeah like
that yeah like that pat paterson old Pat
Patterson he's good stuff Jerry Brisco I
just yeah I can't spend this much time
don't just I know there's I know but I
act much that you can do it's fuck
that's perfect that looks just like me
Yeah right there's the face body this is
where it's gonna get important we need
more muscles obviously sir Dan forces
for Josh yes just getting back into
wrestling myself after I've been 15
years mmm who's got the best gimmick
right now
I'm liking new day also the whole
Jericho list thing but haven't watched a
whole lot uh well yeah so you might know
some might have heard some spoilers
there just before about Jericho
unfortunately new days got a fantastic
gimmick they really I've been just
connected with you know connecting with
the crowd doing a real good job there
best gimmick oh boy I mean I really like
I really like the heels so yeah Jericho
has been fun with the lists there's a
lot you see there's a lot less gimmicky
gimmicks
these days it's it's more like you're
really good at being a heel or a face
but just to have like a gimmick it was
like you know they liked the new day
come out and have like their spiel they
say all the time and like them they're
kind of like videogame enthusiasts like
they come out dressed like somebody from
a video game or this or that or make a
reference to a thing um so I guess
that's a gimmick but that's it's kind of
hard to say good gimmick could be fun I
got nothing against the
Inuk sure sure uh like you know but yeah
like a stick like your sticky stick
there's not as much of that as they used
to be I will say that there's there's
better honed characters like the heels
that are around in that particularly in
the in the women's division on both on
both the shows Charlotte Flair is a
fantastic heel Alexa bliss is my
favorite she's awesome like there's a
bunch of really good characters going on
they're just you know people that make
you effectively hate them which has got
to be so much fun to play that's like
just to be just the asshole it's got to
be fun you know and there are people
that are really good at it and they're
people that are okay at it and there are
people that are you know faces that
really should be heals and I hope they
get there I remember Bobby human saying
it was nice to have an excuse to treat
fans poorly oh god is that yeah oh one
of my was it was just just the end of
character yes standing Karen yeah one of
my favorite fucking things from the last
couple years was when back in NXT which
is like the developmental basically like
it's that it's the minor leagues for
wabe at this point and then everybody
gets you know eventually called up or
ditched this was back when Bailey and
Sasha were down at NXT and they had an
amazing match and there was a girl that
always dressed like Bailey was always in
the front row is just like the biggest
Bailey fan in the world and Sasha
fucking like ripped a thing out of her
hair fucking threw it on the ground and
that girl cried she cried like that is
great like it's just she just oh she's
really gonna be in heel and I hope she
gets to go back to it anyway blah blah
blah blah although I will say if you
wanna get caught up with wrestling in a
good smart fun way yeah there's a
podcast called tights and fights yeah
that I really enjoy it's got just the
right balance of respect and irreverence
where it's just like we love wrestling
and we know how fucking dumb it is any
anything words just old guys talking
about the crap that used to have been
behind the scenes with wrestling oh
there's plenty of that these days always
entertaining
you're gonna lose never not been
entertaining you're gonna get into that
there's a bunch of that out there if you
want it yeah all sorts all sorts of old
old wrestle dudes talking with other old
wrestle dudes yeah yeah exactly like you
they probably the newer wrestlers
probably don't have stories where they
were driving together cross-country in a
shitty rental car that breaks down oh
yeah that happens just pretty easily huh
they start building up stories pretty
quick and a la a lot of these a lot of
the younger wrestlers spend a lot of
time in Indy promotions to where they'd
get paid like 50 bucks a night if they
were lucky and had to pay for all travel
and everything themselves so those
stories pile up KJ tv8 says thanks for
nuclear throne guys Josh desert metal
yes or no desert metal I think they're
talking about the they're talking about
the Southwest like like Queens of the
Stone Age and caius and that kind of
thing I followed up where do you stand
on caius if anywhere see that's yeah
guys okay um I like kind of the droney
elements of it like that's kind of the
same thing we're like I really like
certain stoner rock bands like sleep
that's not because like oh man druggie
it's like I like loud droning things I
like things that'll stick with a note
for five minutes
whatever really drag things out I love
shit like that so like when Caius gets
into that's really cool there is a band
from that same scene that's way less
metal and way more surf called yawning
man like I love they're so good and it's
yeah it's just like it's got a little
bit of that it's got a little bit of
kind of the same sort of feel but it's
really way more surfy there's a lot more
reverb guitarist plays he doesn't even
play with a pinky plays with his fingers
and it's this it's really cool stuff and
there's there's stuff
of them on YouTube like on a beach with
a generator playing in front of a bunch
of like long hairs okay man that's cool
I never get to do anything like that I
like that yeah generally speaking yeah
it's okay I don't listen to a whole lot
of it guys's the best of the more
metallic side of that for me I'm curious
about something
why are you side by side yourself oh
because you but because you're designing
both how you're going it's you're gonna
have the chance yep okay oh I know more
about this part of the video than the
wrestling part because I watched the
monster factory on it and they spent a
lot of time what's the monster factory
monster factory is a video show where
they take video games with really good
character creator creation things like
this and make the ugliest weirdest thing
possible ah
oh that's monster factor exactly ah
right
right it's the McElroy brothers from my
brother my brother and me the podcast
which I believe I've established do you
guys actually don't know I mention it
again you know all video game things
it's the wait did I make him know what
happened did you save it as their same I
thought I did oh yeah go to edit edit
custom server settings yes I got Jim
Cornette is an ass but I can still
listen to him talk for hours she said
she could talk her yeah I didn't even
really wasn't even that familiar with
him yet I can still listen to him for
hours he is a good talker yeah I just
want to make his name yeah there's yeah
you gotta get into although I didn't
watch much WCW when I was younger no no
okay oh yeah member well no it was WCW
till it failed well it didn't change the
name to WCW after Turner bought it
wasn't slightly no no okay
I mean I know the big I knew the big man
something you're staying
where's and your anyer nwo's well I'll
be yeah but I mean before then
yeah yeah okay yeah I guess I had to
mini eyeball I had two errors of
rustling I was a kid it's all about you
know Hulk Hogan macho man that kind of
1980's WWF I ate that shit up and then I
fell out of it for most of the early 90s
to get to like a later 90s yeah I
started watching WCW once they started
doing like the NWO type stuff okay and I
was into that for a while until I got
like extremely tired and old yeah and
then I just stopped altogether and I
never really came back to wrestling in
any way shape or form yeah that's fair
that's fair yeah like I say I watched it
on and off when I was in college what
are we doing
okay you got to make the face way around
her well yeah and what you got to start
with what you know you start with the
beard so are you going to make all of us
is that what's going on that's fine if
it is oh yeah what's gonna I was just
gonna get started yeah Wow well you guys
were talking like a darker yeah
but yeah I washed it I got into it like
I was in I was into it this kid that
everybody's in doing this kid yeah you
know it was like being a white head my
brief I believe it's real fandom oh yeah
and then I I won't that was pretty long
phantom I was in that I was into that
for a while and then I had a brief oh I
know this is fake now this is
entertaining fandom gotcha yeah I yeah
yeah like it was into it in kind of that
casual way were like you if you were a
kind of a young Midwestern is white male
kid was either wrestling or weird al'
definitely could be both can be both but
it was like it was there was there still
a little bit of a you know you Lenalee
lean one way or the other and I was
definitely weird al' kid oh Jesus jack
yeah it's tough to pick probably like no
no no no no to up right right right
that's closer I'm gonna look like that
eventually this is gonna go
you just have to own it that's what I
have done I don't give a shit yeah yeah
like I don't care this is gonna happen
oh but yeah but then I got it like when
when Chris Benoit died I kind of just
stepped away for a long time and then
actually got back into it within the
last couple years just friends being
excited about it again in telling me
basically explained to me like oh it's
changed it's full of comic book nerds
that have muscles now especially and
wrestle because they really like
wrestling yeah okay I can get into that
I need like you I need like a you
thinner nose
oh man look you can do all this also do
this same this is Justin's I mean that's
just that's just a decent character
crater as what they should all do oh I
know and I think it's I think it's great
it's just it's overwhelming huh yeah you
do it before you get too into it
favorite customer says Josh which six
WWE wrestlers would you put in the next
Money in the Bank ladder match Oh fuck's
sake six wrestlers next well assuming
they're healthy and depending on how
various angles go let's say one if it's
money in the bank I get to pick from
both rosters so let's say Vince at AJ
Dean I Chad I know there's a plank of
character
I've seen it before we download it I
don't can you download it can you do
that to more TV a depending on who's
coming up in the league I'll say that
Jack is like a housewife the first time
they're good up the Sims it's the amount
of customization is overwhelming and can
you record audio for your own character
that would be great
there's a there's a fan-made plinking
I'll record audio for it yeah fuck you
wonder what's in here Johnny you like oh
my crap that's my wrestling storyline
Brock Lesnar has kidnapped my cat toys
cat Brock
it'll be like that money in the bank
like suitcase hanging only be a little
cat a cage that'd be great
got my cat make a Don Wilson with my dad
about my cat the cake smash oh damn you
Brock Lesnar Brock lens they're nice
love it
hey why don't we do another game give
away what do you think game boy yeah
you're rich yeah think of a think of a
of a trivia question and put the answer
in this word spotter here but the answer
in that word spotter and if you want you
can win a copy of invisible ink
this is josh josh is making josh and
we're doing face right now not worrying
about the body so if you want a copy of
invisible ink that I got sure rich
riches you put me on the fucking switch
rich is going to ask you a trivia
question I got I'm gonna question what's
the question
oh you don't know it's any anything it
could be what what is two plus two
that's up to you you can do whatever yes
I want to be lame if you want it to be
lame do we want it to be lame or giving
away a copy of invisible ink that's cool
enough looks just like you Josh it's
pretty good right all the word I'm that
pretty fat very slim
no you frozen the stream by asking me to
come up with okay well then give it back
give it back much pressure I can't
believe them
I can't believe me I didn't know that
we're going to be quizzes day I wasn't
prepared you weren't prepared well wait
Oh see you thought it one now yeah as
soon as it's a good way from you Howard
so so then but did you put start
watching alright what okay all right
yeah you started watching so now I asked
the question so wait wait what wait wait
this is so this is for invisible ink
type in your answer only if you want a
copy of invisible ink
what vital components is the new prereq
couch missing we didn't even talk about
that okay well I'll see if anyone gets
it vital component is missing in the new
prereq couch that Jack picked up from
Ikea
Oh treci somebody got it way down yeah
well yeah oh it's not showing up here I
obviously didn't take we have to scroll
up in the chat somebody got it oh isn't
this working
okay well Chad hold on someone got it
apparently let's at least one person got
a nice sign hold on I will take it oh
yeah Animists prime is who I see first
with arms Animus prime let's see if
anyone if I can if anyone know that's it
animist prime so so rich do you want to
tell a story about it you probably were
there you we all weren't we're getting a
new we replacing me oh you can see we
don't have a couch right now we just
have chairs in case you haven't noticed
that buzz because we got rid of the old
couch it was falling apart yes and we
picked up by those actually well with
Jack picked it up yeah at the IKEA thank
you yeah
om when you went to get the couch how
did this go down - go that way you got
the couch came back here no man you know
we both drags it up an upstairs here the
studio one mm-hmm
started putting the couch together and
something was missing something
something obvious was missing Oh coach
doesn't have no arms there were no
armrests
I'm the couch yep we have leg pegs yeah
but the leg pegs are screwed into the
arm we didn't have an arm so we got a
couch it's got no arms or legs
it's a quadriplegic couch so so I built
so I bought this couch at IKEA and you
know it's a it's IKEA so everything's a
little mod modular and so I pick up the
couch if you've ever gone shopping
shopping at IKEA you walk through the
whole store and the thing you want then
you write down the number of the thing
you want and then you have to go down
and pick it out yourself from the
warehouse okay and I would go and I pick
out the couch from the warehouse and I
get take it to the cash register and
lady at the cash River says oh my
computer says this is two boxes and I go
okay well what and and she's like do you
have two boxes for your couch and we
start looking around on my cart and you
know I had also got a chair and I got
some other things yeah and and we find
the cover that I got for the couch
because you can buy different color
covers and she goes oh it must be the
cover of the couch I say oh well then I
got two boxes the covers in a box the
couches in a box we got two boxes it's
great so then we go to put it together
today and apparently the second box was
the arms of the couch something
completely different the actual
upholstery it is doesn't count when you
buy a couch an idea
well apparently like the arms work with
this couch they work with a chair they
work with a larger couch and so the arms
are separately so of course Jack shops
at IKEA there is no Ikea in Milwaukee
there's an Ikea in Schaumburg Illinois
which is about an hour and a half drive
away from here and that's where I went
be cut you know why cuz it's cheap
alright furniture and we need a new
couch for the roof it's cheap furniture
it's alright how's that chair great it's
a great chair yeah that's a nice IKEA
chair right there if you write the
question in the chat you remove a lot of
the latency oh sure that's fine so so
that's that's our problem so right now
we have a couch just sitting on the
floor over there waiting for the arms
IKEA was very nice and IKEA is sending
us replacement arms which is very it's
very nice of them but anyway just a
thought but asking the question in chat
rather than speaking what happened so
various delay issues don't you know
we'll see what we can do I don't want my
$2.00 tips going to crappy IKEA
furniture it's nice furniture and it's
good some gonna it's gonna be a very
nice couch when I can put it together
it's gonna be very nice
okay animus problem great you got your
game great
animus got his game alright great
we're doing great then then everybody's
doing great let's get back to some tips
yeah tips here holy crap where are we
Jack's expression just a doomed Josh
what was your reaction to it
oh you we already has that thanks for
nuclear throne guys Josh death metal yes
or no oh yeah we already do then that
was that place what I'm getting there
I'm getting there
graphic military says I've really only
played two video games in the last five
years both were because of prereq FTL
and today I tried frog fractions what
did you think though I've also started
therapy today are those related yes
please advise Oh frog fractions next
prereq video rich and Jack bill like he
had no next prereq video rich and Jack
shockingly don't have their new IKEA
furniture because we couldn't put it
together yeah yeah that's in the next
thank you let's see here hey Jack rich
and guy thanks for all you do
Jack have you seen Legion yet nope made
by the creator of the Fargo show super
tripping stylized but with intriguing
characters just like Space Marines I'm
really looking forward to seeing Legion
where right now my my wife and I are
compiling a list of things we would
watch if we had cable television we
currently do not have cable television
yeah and and and are you know likely Jim
is something
Netflix it hardly seems work right but
there are some things like legion sure
not on Netflix at the moment and so but
there are a few things like we've really
loved the expanse but we'll pet we we
bought the season on iTunes there are
shows that we so right now we have like
three shows that's okay if we had cable
we would probably watch these shows and
and I'm saying if we can get up to like
eight I'm okay paying for cable yeah
like eight shows that we really want to
watch yeah we can pay for cable yeah we
can pay for cable yeah we can pay for
cable yeah we can pay for cable

[B] 

[C] 

[D] we're all gonna do it cuz we didn't
change it
wizard straight out of the shower be
some clean no no we're Jack's man Jack
should make himself a finishing that's
nothing but dick punches yes that would
be my finishing move there we go all
right out of my room oh my god what a
horrible monster - telling us gum no
tomorrow
yeah
yonder yonder says I've spent most of
this month in the Cleveland Clinic and
even eyes are the most entertaining
thing so far thanks for the awesome
distraction I'm happy to spend a few
bucks telling you guys that well thank
you
Extreme Rules see here Steve Zissou 10
long time you were wish my friend Jason
AKA j-dog man happy birthday you fucks
Navin Bergen j-bone J j-bone excited for
you to be spray-painting stuff oh shit
yeah shit happens dude demon sorry
man look at you look at you
what what communist squirrel yes you can
program the game to say your real name
if it's in the free program stuff
Richard Evans was in the program stuff
okay
give mr. perfect out of there Tran let
me go there we go just hang out there
back
Josh yeah that's what you fucking desert
oh yeah you're probably right
yeah see go ahead rich throw me out of
here and throw it through mr. perfect
out that's alright come on do something
oh there we go there you go who's got
the good controller from this is it this
one
no I got it Wow you keep hitting them
oh yeah no I get it kind of accidental
Raymond rich one ah
we'll figure out this three-way for you
okay I gotta grab I can do I won no
never I think that is the important that
is the important thing you're absolutely
right
okay Jack and I were busy fighting each
other you don't kiss it back out of
there okay triple threat
let's see here go back I want to change
it to the legends oh all right
oh I think that's very important oh we
need to change some of the
here spray-painting oh that you don't do
that easy what you don't do that well
let rich do this thing I don't do it in
this you can you do your thing in the
same okay all of that build-up yeah no
and rich just one I'm we're gonna do
that we're gonna do a we're gonna see if
we can do kind of a Royal Rumble type
rules in a freeway we'll see what rule
set works best for an all computer
through three versus three
though bad side effects is this musical
wall yeah community Korea okay I will
check out community creations
presentation
legend Richard the legend or the legend
Richard okay you'll rich Evans you can't
break up the rich Evans good run with
Richard I think he way to break that up
the Iceman the living legend or the
regular legend or the Latina sensation
regular Latina sensation Richard all
right all right so where do we go to
change well except that step back get on
out of here and then I think section
yeah different different many fear okay
here you go to entrance oh there you go
superstar
custom lips custom superstars oh nice
he's our nice creation motion
you just pick like what other people
think
or you can eat
at josh who does that job just add - hi
Josh
and now I'm going to be nice to you guys
and not pick up in dollar one alright
that's the one that goes on a long time
hey don't I'm not sure
and we're gonna change it to seven on
Spencer yeah entrance music
Seamus tamina addy stuff u.s. president
know what US president in a body Breda
yeah
just woke up and it's time to make that
money
d-generation X movie
firstly dupa dupa dupa dupa okay okay so
then I go to me creation we can do this
and apparently there is a community
creations area here that we can get
blended Oh God the fans won't send us
anything okay
well they do the four way chef link it
in there but that's what I'm saying okay
which Evans needs Kurt Angle anyway so
yeah no matter oh you can do Stephanie
McMahon cheat all business yes now you
can change the other things change the
video and all that shit
yeah no that's perfect yeah story right
yeah that's right my own this shit oh
yeah so that expecting man but instead
Jack walks out the press the princess Oh
princess Jack totally fair
totally hears me Strout but put it out
mmm yes all right
what do i do what do i do I figure
different you don't have to you don't
have to pick a whole tempo period
gonna be Kevin then I have I don't know
how he walks in now you go see
kind of walks in raise his arm that's
beautiful you shouldn't change your
music though see if they have happy
birthday
that's pretty medal this nice fire and
shit
being four hours later dreams again yeah
that's this is what we're doing man this
is where this is the game this is the
most fun part
literally what people do when the play
of the game is to make the little
characters and they customize all the
things it's great yes he spits
you know it sounded
oh they just haven't ordered triple I
knows the one was labeled his name HHS
that's the fancy boy one alright this
one's the one where he comes out and
drink some water and then spits it
everywhere this is yeah you'll want this
there's nothing
Steve Zissou 10 long time your wish my
friend oh we had to did that which my
alpha Steve Zissou have you seen and
enjoyed the movie crawl thank you
I have seen crawl and I did not enjoy it
yeah I thought it was pretty nonsensical
did not hold up in terms of being a
movie with a plot from start to finish
sure what are we doing we're looking for
super modes so we are about to search
for community creations Wow there you go
at the bottom search down down down down
down
Oh Oh my guess you gotta put in the
things and then search never mind
what it's not gonna be in here
other
my plane
definitely most downloaded all right
hashtag blinkin if you can if you can be
able to type something any type of put a
hashtag and see what it lets you do put
a hashtag like one and just click on it
yeah you insert your own and then we get
my hashtag down the bottom my hashtag
there we go okay and k TT e TT yeah
that's it oh we hittin some yep oh yeah
nothing
could be mr. blanket tell us where to
find these things guys we don't know
somebody's saying search for red letter
media
all the typing it's tough to type yeah
okay sir
nope nope all right what else Morrow rlm
cool try that
Oh oh no what the fuck guys Jack you're
such a dingus what what you tell us what
did you get a chanting with a type II
type this is this is actually incredibly
unintuitive as far as uh okay red letter
media with spaces is their idea this is
this is not the most user-friendly we
were only taking you guys word that this
exists in the first place yeah maybe you
can fellas on the previous generation
version somebody say
No we can fight Harley Quinn oh there's
Oscar Oh
Skeletor like a clown very good
oh look that's funny
undertale let's just do the three-way
match
that thing with a favor say why would
all those none of these have the Arlen
tag I think these are just the ones I
have so yeah nope Lincoln sorry guys no
playing it nobody tried we did
absolutely we did we did this is on PC
we are playing this on PC okay can we
download some of the other ones not
right now
all right place
triple threat okay okay let's see here
what do we think let's do a ladder match
sure ladder match
now you're saying that we can get all of
say moving all the way up until it's
this calm you said we can get them all
yeah I believe them oh oh I see okay I
see what's happening
I'm with you so then custom superstars
the lesser Jesus of Christ alright here
it is guys okay ladder match and oh it's
at WrestleMania too hot damn
it's on oh we should have looked if they
had Neal Breen oh Jesus
but then all your right but see then we
would have all lost if it was in the old
broom
place your bets this is this is all AI
control yeah yeah place your bets
Oh fucker guess this might last forever
there's a ladder match could have been a
mistake
oh that's alright now we're going
alright this is how we're going out
right yeah it's this and then we're done
yeah that's my ring that's my ring
okay oh yeah wakey-wakey
sup guys yeah no I tied it on a little
harder last night but I'm here yeah
flowing happy with that I like a little
bit like Gordon Freeman caret character
creating me is very very easy bald
glasses skinny go yeah and it like fat
like I messed up the face a little bit
but it just doesn't matter so I I am a
living caricature up there down here
boom it's right bone okay what's up
there oh good what was that having a
little squat a little bit and the robe
is gone yeah it's not bad on my torso
really it's a little too built but the
fatness is there can we guess on how
long the match will last and who will
win the person that is right it gets a
game how do we wait so hard to keep a
track of how could we keep track of that
that's that would be impossible but of
course yeah no bet you know place your
bets
yeah we none of us are in control yeah
you spit everywhere like an asshole
fancy oh we got so we got a couple we
got a couple of bets already
four-and-a-half minutes with josh is the
winner Oh three minutes with me as the
winner rich a little poof Evans three
minutes with uh let's see here
rich is the winner Josh fifteen minutes
done Jack is already won with my swagger
absolutely absolutely
oh you're haunting blue eyes
no point good stretch big ol stretch
let's see here the Kilmister says this
is the best wrestling match I've seen in
25 years this is also the first
wrestling match I've seen enough
oh here we go oh hey up on me
yep Oh or not you all want to get to me
first let me just back off hold on oh
you're going for the ladder already
that's not a ladder like my cat and Jack
stead jack has been killed Oh No all
right to the thigh there rich is all
about the money
come on Jack get in there and do
something oh my god it's my pants there
we go all right almost ready and and
it's my wrists I was gonna I was gonna
try that no no you guys you guys keep
pressing the old back punch oh no that
is that is a fuck you for hitting you at
a chair fucking dickhead oh that move I
can't move all I have to fall down
classic Jack bows to the head there you
know what Jack fuck you okay you guys go
back to wrist oh how you get him you got
him you got him
Jagga weight class over his head that's
true always in over my head you're
totally fucked up Josh on top of nice
and like drop wrestling I would like to
try that
Oh why would you do that to me Jack I'm
just trying to help you oh yeah yeah
well look at this oh shit oh wow get you
good the princess is down the princess
is down I am recovering this is good
princess is no match for America's
Sweetheart apparently not fuckers just
sit down hold up
sit down we got to do is hit you at the
ladder yeah
oh shit rich you hugged me passion you
help me battle shit oh that's right
catch that shit at whatever Oh terrible
Oh God
right oh well rich got in my way he I
could have stopped this you couldn't
figure out how to step around me yeah
but see now the great thing is now you
guys have your little storyline going
because you're mad at each other that's
true oh really
no you ruined it me I'm going on to know
where I Wrestlemania shit I guess I'm
gonna hold onto it for like nine months
maybe Kasia did the Royal Rumble I don't
know so I've got a whole lot of that
money in the bank fucking case for a
long time this is WrestleMania look at
AB AB AB
