Episode 732
Ninja Pizza Guuurl
March 18, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8nbekCsS3ow
___________________________________________

yeah Pizza girl okay this seems like a
you game but I'll play it I'm order you
can play whatever game you want cuz I
just play the tower of guns if you would
rather talk for a bit that is fine Jack
Britt so what I'm saying is I'm okay
doing fire or do you want the I'm
offering it to you I'm fine if you're if
you feel like switching things up it's
fine that's not what I'm asking
I get the this is a tough situation for
both of us because we're both a little
ambivalent ninja I know screen is black
we don't have the overlay we don't have
the overlay because our camera got fried
when the computer crashed they're not
only detected gravitational waves they
detected collision and merger of
rotating black holes theoretically they
detected that there is still no scene so
like the neat thing about what they did
with gravitational waves is that is
replicable science that's that's where
we get to you know where a scientific
theory becomes a scientific fact where
any Joe Schmo could set up the same
apparatus and get the same results they
now have a theory about colliding black
holes unfortunately the only way to
confirm that is to actually observe
colliding black holes which we have yet
to do but it's probably fairly rare yeah
but it's very it's it's exciting you
know with the more we discover about the
world that's the good that's that's the
fun that's the good stuff
renegade Kyra is this comic book game
question time game question time so and
justice too and Marvel vs. Capcom Capcom
infinite are coming up this year yes and
he plans to play slash stream slash
review them you guys don't seem to talk
about fighting games like that we don't
why why is that rich I don't I'm not
particularly good at fighting games
we're fine
they're fine but I'm terrible at them um
I think I would be a terrible choice for
like reviewing a fighting game
I probably be fighting the the the genre
in general more than I'd be reviewing
the the game funny story we actually
almost streamed Marvel vs. Capcom we
really did apparently it's not out yeah
we sound like an ad on Steam so yeah it
could be fun
beat each other up on stream yep and
unfortunately it doesn't come out until
next month so so we ended up not though
I could beat Mike's ass at Tekken 3 back
in the day packet second three second I
think that was I think that was the
stand-up one they had at the old movie
theater of nice way back way back in the
day that's unfortunate I like fighting
games fighting games are fun I'll play I
I came I came to an impasse after a time
with fighting games yeah in which you
know like most of the games that I would
play back in the day were with Lisa
because you know we lived together well
you know we'll play video games together
and so we played a lot of fighting games
she will kick my ass and Marvel vs.
Capcom in in any 2d combo based fighter
like that she will murder me and there's
nothing I can do about it she's just
innately good at stuff like that
but something like super snip something
like super smash brothers or Soul
Calibur or something of that ilk
I will decimate her in seconds
and so we came to this very odd impasse
where neither one of us really wanted to
play the other game because we knew we'd
be murdered so fast so that's why I
don't play a lot of fighting games now
because it's hard to find it's hard to
find someone who who's like an equal
opponent you know and of course now with
online capabilities there's matchmaking
and there's other things that that a
pride that would probably make me have a
lot more fun with it but I'm out of a
game I'm out of a game now Super Smash
Brothers a fighting game you shut up it
is
I loved Soul Calibur back in the day I
loved Soul Calibur that was a great game
it's an old man's dream an old man's
dream this looks better than the old
game but but it's a runner yeah uh you
know what I was kind of enjoying tower
of guns it was a it was a it was neat
and challenging and I like stuff like
super smash brothers and fighting games
in general but when it comes to
straight-up 2d games I'm not I'm not as
good as other people but I like Marvel
vs. Capcom mostly because you can fight
his Marvel Super Heroes so we were going
to stream that I was actually a little
excited yeah I can pee Iron Man
oh come on I didn't like that Ridge yeah
oh no this is all into the dubstep
old-school clear are there any project
Hornet updates we came to a very
important impasse today during during
some project project Harmon Hornet back
and forth in which there was something
about project Corman project foreman
Roger Harmon
Roger Hornet Mario Mario had a very
important misunderstanding that we
cleared up for the better of project or
net it explains some awkwardness yes so
we will we can't give you the full
update yet but I am getting very excited
we can't even give you hints but all
likelihood nothing will come of it so so
guess what yeah well no but then we'll
have a story no matter what we'll have
an update all right all right here's
that here's the story here's the story
of how we failed okay and you know we'll
make a little a little video about how
we failed
if I use the word impasse a lot today
I'm sorry
from his word of the day you kill him in
that could be or it just so happened
that two things we were oh I hit the
butter tell me I didn't hit the button
as I hit the button the slight attack is
why what do you have to do slider jump
into her but that sliding doesn't seem
to work oh all right well no sliding is
not working I'm going to stop trying
that's not bad for a runner oh just got
to start a lot earlier well you figured
it out that's all that matters
that's all that matters let's see here
now we talked about that let's see if
I'm tired and sad Zack Snyder maybe the
worst choice to lead the DC extended
universe but the idea of a DC Cinematic
Universe is flawed
the characters are totally incompatible
and the only and only two of them are
interesting in separate films you know I
like all the goofy DC shows like I like
arrow I like flash I like Supergirl they
can work in a serialized format have we
seen enough Batman for a while does
Batman need a decade-long vacation maybe
who's though now it's it's your job to
make money for water Warner Brothers oh
sure well and so who's gonna be the
executive to say hey hey I'm sorry but
you've your only other thing here is you
got you got Aquaman I can't again I
can't do anything with that nobody can
do anything with that right we need to
so we need to make films that sell toys
that that is our only concern because
you know toy sales are where it's at
here's the first question yeah
does DC have any properties similar to
guardians of the galaxy really yeah
that's never that'll never work I think
it do that but you could make it cool
because they're a good reason Jonah Hex
wasn't interesting could you could you
make a good Jonah Hex movie maybe you
just make a gritty cowboy movie right
like that's something that wouldn't be
great for an extended universe but it's
a character you probably make fun movie
if out of yeah I mean he's a it's a
cowboy movie right that's all you need
like a cowboy cowboy shit with some
supernatural for me that should be easy
but they've already failed at that
because they've made it Jonah Hex movie
all right
yeah they have they have buta Booster
Gold is it is a fun concept we've talked
about that before he's just he's from
the future like he's a he's a like a
celebrity from the future he traveled to
the past and he uses just all of his
modern technology to give him the
semblance or the appearance of
superpowers but he's really kind of a
jackass from the future it'd be like if
if if Kim Kardashian traveled to the
past and used her knowledge of the
future to do good maybe maybe they could
pull an Ironman and take a character who
you you wouldn't expect to have a
blockbuster film because at the time
Ironman was not mainstream popular yeah
maybe maybe you maybe can work with
their work from there and get something
that works I don't know but you know do
you know anything about the Blue Beetle
uh not much I know he's DC his answer to
spider-man which automatically makes him
blame here's what I know about the Blue
Beetle there was this really interesting
storyline with the Blue Beetle where it
was his kid who got like an Iron Man
suit like the Blue Beetle suit right and
he started being a superhero because he
got this super suit but as it turned out
the thing that gave him the super suit
this Blue Beetle thing it like talks to
him and helps give him strategy is
actually the first wave of a conquering
alien race that that you know take
someone turns them into a superhero but
then slowly takes over their mind so
they can lead the invasion part yeah
that's a really neat idea
what is happening in this game
you have to deliver a pizza and it's a
runner that's it
yeah
climb with that thing Blue Beetle is a
big part of a Young Justice yeah so so
like that there's an idea that probably
a lot of people have I've said is too
difficult to film or is a little out
there
nice sci-fi nice bit of sci-fi and the
Blue Beetle
half of the viewers on the stream just
opened final to have to work on their
Blue Beetle treatment why not why can't
the Blue Beetle be sure yeah a part of
it he's interesting it's different right
basically they have to take one of their
lame characters and make them cool in
Aquaman's too lame you can't make them
cool I'm sorry I'm sorry Jason Mona or
whatever your name is Aquaman will never
be cool Aquaman's battling against a lot
of preconceived notions Blue Beetle is
not right right kind of think of other
DC heroes like obscure ones not like
Green Lantern right Green Green Lantern
kid Red Tornado
he's like the robot right don't remember
I don't reside don't remember he's like
the artificial intelligence memory is
the background during something alex
ross true that's what I remember about
Red Tornado black lightning that soakin
black character on the Justice friends
and his name was black light yeah chief
and sensitive him up hahahahahahaha
lumpam big wampum wampum Macon sensitive
wampum that Mick insensitive yes also
Irish
oh he threw shit at you eat shit
I don't know too much about it but
something that I think actually does
work well
oof oh that works well on its own and
could work well in a cinematic universe
is Shazam sure Shazam for people who
don't know is quite literally a kid it's
like a little boy who has magic powers
to turn himself into a Superman esque
superhero but he isn't and all sense is
just a kid even when he's a like an
adult looking Superman superhero he acts
like a kid he thinks like a kid and to
me that's oh that's gold as far as like
making a movie for kids in the superhero
genre like yeah it's a kid who just
turns into a superhero that's gold
motherfucker
oh you got enough yeah
that's right he was originally Captain
Marvel but they can't they are they
don't call him that out that anymore out
of confusion they some one of the chats
saying that changed places they're two
different people on I don't think that's
true
no no they there he has he has the
mentality of a child perhaps at one
point they changed places but currently
wasn't that was the name Firestar or
something the fiery kind of red hair
sure to the same body that's we've got a
scientist dude you got it Firestar he's
like a dumb jock and he shares a body
with the science team right when they
combine their powers that turn it's
Firestar yeah yeah he was on a he was on
leggings of tomorrow for a while he was
in the air over for a little bit by the
way blueberry no they are not planning a
Shazam movie with the rock as his
nemesis they are planning a Black Adam
movie who is Shazam's nemesis yeah
without Shazam they are planning a
Shazam movie without Shazam that's how
fucked their universe is they can't even
get a simple little kid turns into a
superhero movie right like that's that's
writing 101 well let's say you take
another track entirely what about
leashes superheroes 30th century
superheroes but you go to the extreme
fucking future okay
how about that is a concept a lot of
room to make that fun and you get away
from the rest of the fucking decent
universe when you do it because it's far
far safely far in the future 30th
century I believe hmm so you could still
reference them as hero yes what because
that's my thing
I think actual Superboy was like on the
Legion but you just have like a Superman
inspired hero instead sure sure but but
like they can all look like
talk about like Batman back in the day
you know because that's important for
audience connection right yeah but
entirely new Sabri yes hmm then you can
do some fun space stuff everyone like
space stuff I fail to realize that
understand the DC isn't interested in
fun they will be once new people are in
charge after the old guard has been
sacked it's coming we're talking about
what they do after after Zack Zack
Snyder and whoever else is in charge now
has get the fuck out of here
because what already happened is Zack
Snyder got Man of Steel yeah which made
a bunch of money Zack Snyder then got
Batman V Superman which did make a bunch
of money but did not make as much money
as they thought it was going to make so
now we have the Justice Leo of Wonder
Woman as I guess technically next but
Justice League is next that man was
still profitable I believe so is Suicide
Squad by a considerable margin there
there it's not a guarantee that they're
gonna scrap the whole fucking thing
though it'll be it'll be it'll be
painful for them if Ben Affleck gets out
of his contract Suicide Squad was
profitable Batman V Superman was barely
profitable before sure okay
okay they needed that to make way more
money than it did so if Justice League
underperforms
and it's coming in with really bad with
with a really bad notions from from its
audience and critics from critics
Oh weird we're speculating on what could
be or they take a five-year break they
take a five-year superman/batman break
you know or why not just like the sticks
of characters that people know but that
aren't necessarily related you know like
Suicide Squad right Suicide Squad was
technically in the Snyder verse right
you gotta find a way to get out of the
Snyder verse I think it's your issue
well be with me they got advantages they
have to date they have to dump it and
start over
well here's what what if they're and I
don't know that they can jump right back
into Superman and Batman it's been too
soon what I'm saying I'll let you talk
about you talking I just I think they
need to step away step away from the DC
you put it in the grave yeah and start
fresh but don't start no just go right
back into Superman Batman find some more
obscure characters and build up to
something and then we'll be eventually
we'll be glad to see Superman a Batman
back sure okay okay
Suicide Squad was is technically in the
Snyder verse right like Batman's in it
sure is it possible that that like let's
it let's say that there's a new Batman
Superman universe that just appears in
the next year is there a way that
Suicide Squad could also be a part of
that does it need to be
well this worm going so what if you make
like let's say you make a Batgirl movie
yeah and it is tangental II associated
with the Snyder verse but could also
jump to a different universe so be it
what if you do the same thing with
another kind of minor character but not
that minor you know like like like flash
he's in the universe already we've seen
it yeah so he doesn't count it but there
are other kind of big players like what
if he what if you make like an arrow
movie right huh what if you make a Green
Lantern movie that kind of connects to
the Snyder vers but could also jump ship
and soft restart a universe
with these side characters so you just
want to never go back to Superman or
Batman they're just free we forget about
them existing from here on out you can
go back to them but you could also go
back to them in a new universe with a
base of these smaller movies why not
just have a new universe then because
then you waste all of the marketing of
the last name it's already hated it's
already filled well but they're the the
hardcore fans really want it so what if
there was a way that you could wink wink
nudge this is part of the Snyder
universe but wink wink nudge nudge it's
also part it doesn't necessarily they'll
build up a lot more hype by saying no
this has nothing to do with this night
of us that's how they generate buzz that
they'll generate buzz with us but now
they're hardcore fans what if there was
a way you could please both make it make
a Batgirl movie you know part of the
Snyder University old the hardcore fans
are in there but it's not really about
of the Snyder universe so the new fans
are in there and then you soft reboot
the whole universe now that DC gives a
fuck of our continuity once the movies
be any different - sure why not they do
have hardcore fans for those movies
that's why those movies make money and
that's why those movies are defended
violently violently defendant yeah you
make a Flash movie then you have him do
flashpoint and somebody's born this this
isn't my suggestion this is an idea I
read somewhere I don't remember where I
do I do want another Supergirl movie yet
but you know like there's a universal
like Superman and Batman like become
evil and like fascist and they take over
oh somebody has suggested that that's
what this current DC Universe is and
then that's how you read news but like
they come from the good universe to
fight the current version it's
Jack it's not a bad idea No then you get
to watch somebody beat up these shitty
characters we hate it is in fact such a
good idea they will never do it laughing
like could you imagine if that was the
plan all along
oh it wasn't the plan all along what if
they made that the plan like after
Justice League they're all horrible
sixes yeah like everyone no horrible
digs super ants still under the control
of apocalypse and after the credits of
the Justice League
suddenly a good like the Superman and
Batman show up through a time vortex and
they go we've got a lot of words Oh
Chum like like the shit that happens in
the Justice League movie it's so bad
that I first over the Justice League
decides they have to take over the world
to keep order like like at the end of
the movement I'd like at the end of this
I get the at the end of the Justice
League it's like and we beat the bad guy
and I'm like they go to meet the
president and then like Superman goes to
shake the president's hand that he just
brushes it and then he uses his laser
vision on the president's face and then
they just take over and like Snyder is
fired at this point fired and WBE has
this crazy idea we're like this was the
plan all along say it was the plan all
along the new guys jumping in the
post-credits scene and that starts the
new universe of the good guys defeating
the bad guys like like like maybe this
flash isn't bad
he isn't bad so we at the end he he runs
off to find a different universe he runs
to find help and he ends up finding the
good Superman and the good Batman and he
runs into the CW arrowverse and the CW
flash arrow and Supergirl and Superman
that's great that's great I love it
that is how they'd never do it but I
never do in a million years but that's
how you salvage this
you just flat-out go we run with it yeah
they're pricks you know we fucked up
we're just gonna make them evil that's
so perfect I want it I want it I want
that to be true I can't take credit for
the idea I don't remember where I read
it uh-huh I read it somewhere a while
ago and it's brilliant
CW Superman is not terrible he's great
action bastard he's great he is super
like you know what he's got a
funny-looking face I'll give you that
I'll give me that his face that's a
little jank but as far as a character is
concerned he is a Superman who you know
I don't know cares about people and
cares about saving people hmm
he's nice to people around him he seemed
like a cool dude he was more a Superman
in his in his maybe five minutes of
screen time and Episode one of Supergirl
he was more of a Superman than than any
of the than all of the Zack Snyder
Superman's then Harvey cavil whatever
his name is Henry Cavill Henry Cavill
now this this Superman from Supergirl is
is more of a Superman he's legit he's
the Superman that we need but not the
Superman we deserve wait a minute
wait a minute oh you didn't dark night
it's been a while since I've seen them
okay CW Superman is completely
one-dimensional and boring
welcome to fucking Superman that's what
he is no I'm sorry that I had to yell
into my microphone but you assholes
don't get it Superman I'm a good guy I
don't know people are doing it on
purpose or well well you've you've known
our fans for long enough fun
what had I want you to think back what
happens when we try to give Superman
more than one dimension we get Superman
Returns who's a pouty crybaby who
doesn't even punch anyone and we get the
Zack Snyder Superman's
who would much rather murder all the
people around him than care about saving
humans Superman is a simple character
he's Cyclops in the x-men he's the Boy
Scout he's the good guy then you have
other people kind of like Batman
we're play often read all-star Superman
you can do that right you can do
Superman right but yeah he's the good
guy you know he's the Boy Scout that's
what he is
that's all he is supposed to be and when
they tried to give him depth of
character that's when they fuck up your
character doesn't necessarily need to be
depth full you could have depth of
characters around your main character
Lois Lane that could be her job that
could be you know like the villains job
to add in the depth you could have
people he cares about and like he's the
arrow
he's the straight and narrow arrow and
shit happens around him oh I'm sorry
I've been neglecting tips here we go I I
am about I'm a now that was fantastic
amount to burst of vessel with you
people in your depth full Superman's
that was a fantastic discussion and it
was worth it okay good good
yonder yonder says please consider this
tip as an owner as an official request
from your fans to talk more about Star
Trek
we hear you yes I'm very sorry the
camera is also broke Lois Lane that was
just plot point driver yes in Zack
Snyder that's all she was she I think
she was supposed to be like like a the
the allegory for all of humanity but all
it looked like was Superman just cared
about his girlfriend at knowing us
that's what it looked like that stuff so
I think in the longer run she was
supposed to be like no she represents
all of humanity that he cares about but
then there were other parts of humanity
that he obviously didn't care about uh
Mike chase gaming hey here's some money
what yeah also what doesn't intend to do
when the switch fails Mario Kart 9 on
ps4 they do the Nintendo which you know
they're just gonna keep making the same
decisions they always make all the time
another console order gimmick be under
power you'll have shitty third-party
support and they'll keep doing it and
they'll keep doing it and they'll keep
doing it as long as they make money but
eventually that Stickle run out you know
I'd like to I'd like to see them I don't
know I don't even know what I'd like to
see from Nintendo at this point I'll be
honest with you I think that's a really
good question is what do you want to see
from Nintendo just make games for steam
that's easiest just make a game Salamun
Steven I'd like to see them drop out of
the hardware business yeah and just
focus on making games yeah like what
Sega has done but only you know be good
at it you know I don't necessarily
disagree with you they're fine what
Nintendo they're fine oh they're gonna
be fine they're gonna be fine they got
that Pokemon they don't care about
nothing they got Pokemon that thing
always sells
look I you know what what I have harped
on the switch
because you know I've said you know
there's gonna be the two games I really
want maybe three with life to have the
system and nothing else is gonna come
out that I care about out it's gonna
have terrible third-party support yeah
that's the bet yeah third-party support
doesn't really matter it doesn't matter
if you're gonna buy a switch you
probably already own a ps4 or an Xbox
and let's take a look at our our
third-party support Erwin let's say like
a ps4 blood-borne that's what I got on
my ps4 that I need my ps4 for
blood-borne yeah so you know what
whatever whatever they'll be fine
I'll have a I'll have a switch that I
own the Mario game on and the Zelda game
on I both those games and right now I've
currently got a ps4 and I only have
blood-borne that's the only game that's
exclusive to the ps4 that I give a shit
about but I can't get on the PC so you
know what I don't I don't think the
third super party support even fucking
matters anymore
they chose the correct price point if
you're if you're going down that road
it's it's a pretty cheap price point as
far as consoles are concerned new comms
as far as new consoles are concerned
I you this is something I've talked
about a lot which is I like mobile
gaming I like handheld gaming and so for
me the idea of a handheld system that
might be able to play beefier games I
like that I like my Vita I like the idea
of playing a handheld game while I'm on
the go taking that home having a simple
way to plug that into my TV that that
jump out with me turkey I'm gonna
collect all these stupid things now I
can't just 100 I hate that I hate that
in runners well they're like don't run a
nice thing then meet her solo I think
I'm fucked anyway so just go down
continually oh do I lose that four day I
don't know I don't know what I'm doing
so like you know that I came across this
thing I was I was looking at handheld
stuff and there is actually a very tiny
mobile Windows 10 device it's the it's
the small little handheld vise device
that has like a keyboard and built-in
controllers and running a full version
of Windows 10 and it kind of looks like
a Nintendo DX and people say like oh you
know fer for like indie games like for
smaller smaller games like yeah you
could run steam on this and it runs them
pretty well and I was looking at it and
unfortunately like it didn't look like
it would it would do any good for me but
also a good price point and so I do like
Nintendo pushing hardware in some
respects I wish they would open up their
platform so I could play more games on
their hardware but I like them looks
like I already own the things though
that I can play other games on yeah but
you're not a mobile setting yeah right
it's not the Nvidia shield what what is
it called now it's like the forget I
forget what it's called
was really fun um I forget what this
little device is called it looked it
looked me tonight and for me I'm a fan
of mobile gaming so I like the idea of
Nintendo as an agent of motion in gaming
you know sure motion controls I kind of
ended up to be bullshit
but they were pushing they were pushing
the envelope this whole to screen thing
with the Wii U I liked where they were
going with it
and as someone who only has one TV in
his house and do it and does actually
have to share it with other people I
fucking loved that idea
oh you mean I can watch something on TV
while my kids you know play a Mario game
that's a great idea for me I officially
hate collecting all the things okay I
need to say that out loud that's okay
you can say that out loud I can only
imagine that collecting all the things
ruins the momentum
so in case I like them in that respect
an ageing an agent of motion in the
hardware game I've been hearing reports
that developing and porting for the
switch is incredibly easy okay
Capcom recently was was giving a games
talk and they said like getting a port
for the Wii U took them something like
three months of man-hours whereas
porting something to the switch took
them like 60 hours of man-hours okay so
it's going to be incredibly easy to port
games to the switch hopefully it's easy
to develop for the switch
Tyrone Rodriguez who was part of the
binding of issac after birth yeah team
Michael from Michaels I gave a great
interview about I was just under fuckin
the meter he gave a great interview
about coding for the switch and how
insanely easy it is so that gets me very
excited about the switch marvel's agents
of motion yeah
yep
let's see here gruff McMillan Terry says
sorry to bring this up but watch to the
pan Tea Party stream on YouTube today
Wow and crappy panties - no Brazilian
cuts no thongs or were those unlockables
later you can tell us rich he's shaking
his head no mr. Bronski says oh no what
I'm shaking my head for okay hola
gentlemen as always thank you for
streaming your weekly circle-jerk
two questions what is your favorite Dark
Souls blood-borne area and do you have a
favorite boss for any all of the games I
have a good night geesh meb's or yes we
are having a good night yes I saw that
blueberry dev kits dev kits for the
switch are really cheap if you are a
favorite area of blood-borne if I think
back on it I have picked out in my head
yeah I thought about what about boss
well I get favorite era for me might be
old the Armand yeah that's where we
start getting into some of the weirder
monsters and remember like the machine
gun guy I was so confused like there was
just a machine gun rattling off at me
what's though the big gigantic wooded
area called I was amazed by just how
many branching fucking paths there were
there's all the snake monster yes oh
that was a great air yeah yeah make
monsters that was a great area oh you
could get lost in there and boss we
picked like a favor just like design or
just fight with a design
think about it think about which which
one had the best look that's damn right
it's a tough call blood surfing is
pretty neat cloak it's got this really
sweet yeah I'm a little good dog yeah
guy he on so we really weird look yeah
yeah oh yeah he was great just that
giant head and legs creepiest fuck can't
even remember the name of that one I
just looked like a mishmash of different
shit it just got thrown together I could
fucking remember like the abomination
something like that it was like hunks of
legs oh I fucking loved him as first
fights I don't know I've always liked in
boss fights just me straight-up duels
with another human opponent like father
guest coin that's fun fight for me yeah
I like that fight I like what are the
three likes hooded snake men that's a
fun fight for me
they got the fire snake and then the
priests nake and then the snake that
jumps around the sword and then she kill
one they start getting more and more
mutated were those the witches no I
think they're in there like the same
similar area is it close to the witch's
woods they're saying the one reborn
that's it okay alright yeah yeah and I
always like those those always scared me
more like a human-sized enemy was always
more challenging than a big beast yep
yeah which is good you know like I have
I always felt more challenged but like
even like like the the was that lady
Maria who was the big white wolf I
remember that was my first the none that
was that vicar Amelia vicar yes yeah
yeah vicar amelia was my first holy shit
moment like just held me this is great I
think my first
holy shit mom was just that first big
thing you see with an axe the big fat
guy oh shit the red herring it was great
what a game what a game Moki b85 hey
guys I sent a tip earlier did you read
it I don't see it Moki so we I don't
know if we got it - I'm lucky maybe you
have to go down I thought I saw one for
Moki a while back we could have we could
have post one when we transitioned did
you get the email I sent to the Priora
in box that had a couple extra game
links from the fruit and bundle oh I
might have we said we would do that
today and we didn't we have games to
give away it's we need to make that the
night we can't play other games probably
do that I haven't done a like a
competition thing in a while I missed I
missed that we could do another
pictionary yep cuz that would be really
easy for us to do or we could put the
name in the watcher word search yep and
so that would be an easy to do there's
another pictionary now
so mochi we see that we have so many
games to give away to I'm not sure may
have missed it whilst making sandwich
sandwiches actually one was ham cheese
the other was leftover lamb okay turtle
devices are you guys following any comic
book series I know Jack follows
Harbinger and of course Archer and
Armstrong PS you should play Knight to
the hill Republic I hear it's exactly
like Helldivers yes I'm still reading
Harbinger and really like it the new
faith book came out a faith got her own
book and I have that I haven't read it
yet but excited to Archer and I'm strong
is still very good I'm still reading
miss Marvel but I like to wait for the
trades to come out so I can just devour
and I don't think her new trade has come
out I stopped reading Batgirl it got
uninteresting for me I keep thinking
about reading new nights just more so
because I want to know what munites deal
is I want to know what he's about and
people say that he's like he had 2012 on
that wasn't that bad are you know I
haven't been into a kind of a bookstore
over a decade but you don't need to go
into comics I haven't been reading
comfortables for a while what's your
opinion on 60s Batman choice as renegade
akira is it's too dated for me but i did
enjoy the animated movie return to the
caped crusaders Adam West it's not dated
it's not dated it just deliberately
can't be that's not the same thing as
dated it was stylistically exactly what
it was trying to be hmm yeah that's true
I'm I've never been a fan of that style
Karen loves the Karen loves the Batman
66 comic-book oh yeah yeah that's never
been my thing
I get it I get what they're going for
but not much now let's see here announce
has any opinions on the Mighty Morphin
Power Rangers movie trailer yeah it's
fine I think it looks awesome I'm
getting I'm actually getting a little
hyped for I have like zero nostalgia for
that because I was in high school and
that came out right and look neat I
guess and as the youngest of the group I
came closest I was just too old for
Mighty Morphin Power Rangers yeah like I
wanted to watch it but I knew I would be
made fun oh yeah yeah but like I wanted
to watch it and as an adult I've gotten
to rewatch it now that I have children
and actually I really like a lot of it
there's a lot of good in the Power
Rangers TV show and you know what I
think the movie looks pretty darn good
as well as long as they don't make it
too serious that's what I'm worried
about if they go yeah it'll be won't be
seriously just be action schlock that's
great by the way if it's action schlock
it's perfect that's perfect Power
Rangers Power Rangers is action shot so
that's great that's that's what I'm
hoping for I'm hoping for just a good
action movement take my kids to see it
it'll be great bryan cranston Zordon
can't go wrong fucking Elizabeth Banks
is Rita Repulsa gold on is gonna be is
gonna be in it they morph into the
Megazord fuck it's gonna be great they
got the Megazord rich that stupid thing
the big boys at least exciting thing
when they turn into the big robot then
they just use the same can footage that
they use every of this dull dumb I love
just a dude in a big cardboard Levin why
not just jump straight to the giant
robot why fuck around because why the
song-and-dance nice if I want to know
because you have to kill time
you have to kill time so the song in the
dance was was footage that you didn't
need to reshoot it didn't cost you any
extra money but you still got to run the
same amount of commercials motherfucker
it's great so yeah I'm very excited
about Power Rangers I'm probably the
only one excited about Power Rangers and
I I have barely any nostalgia for just
because like I said I was I was just too
old what year did that what the fuck I
went through the trampoline that not
look like a glance what year did the
Power Rangers become a thing oh I have
no idea
that's a good question I don't care
about the japanese-version down better
Go Go Power Rangers
Go Go Power Rangers you Mighty Morphin
Power Rangers yeah that's the theme song
I know what's that
the first Power Rangers entry Mighty
Morphin Power Rangers debuted August
1993 I was definitely in high school ok
at 6th grades and 5th grade 6th grade
for me that was fifth or sixth grade for
me depending autist so that I was just
at the point where like the kids the
kids thought you know you're a little
too cool for that band so I just missed
him how's the math oh it's so fucked my
math is so fucked he's seven no fifth or
sixth grade problem so that would try to
be sixth grade and so the kids were just
like Power Rangers that's for kids
I've seen the powering I saw the fire
rangers movie I've I've seen actually a
ton of Power Rangers now that I'm older
and have you know children okay let's
see here jack
as someone who's currently 21 and going
bald most likely going to be completely
evolved by 25 how do I deal with my
hairline going quietly into the night
Tiberius Kirk yes I was born in 81 ish
that's you you have to you have to
accept it that's number one and that's
hard it's hard to accept that it's going
but once you know it's going you just
have to find the hairstyle that works
for again you know for a while while it
recedes you'll be able to still comb and
do normal hair type stuff with it and
then eventually just need to make you
need to make that final decision like
what's it gonna be you're gonna Costanzo
it
you're gonna go full bald full shave are
you just gonna keep combing what's left
over you know it's it's different for
every head shape the Costanzo doesn't
work what the Costanza doesn't work for
anybody anybody the Costanza oh god no
no the crown that works for Picard for a
while too if you've got nothing in front
just give her if at all get rid of it
all oh you know that can what about Ned
Niedermayer that works great for him he
was a good dorky comic figure what I'm
saying is many people have that it
wasn't cool guy Mick I want hair like
that guess what we're balls we don't get
that choice anymore it's what bald looks
best on I'm saying bald bald looks
better than George Costanza bald
everybody's different Steve keep it
short though definitely keep it short is
what I have learned even if you go
Costanza keep it short absolutely works
for Danny DeVito absolutely the Costanza
you know once again he's usually not
playing cool guy I want to be like that
we never get to be cool guys again rich
once you lose your hair you're never a
cool guy again so you know what you got
it you bet card choosers the card is not
a cool guy he's a boy scout Joe Rogan
he's cool guy who Joe Rogan he's cool
guy he's an asshole yeah but he's cool
guy yeah he's a sub person asshole or
not isn't the question the cool guy is
the question he's a subpar comedian that
does stuff with MMA yeah I wouldn't
consider McColgan he does podcast now
right yeah okay I haven't heard any of
his pockets I'm not an MMA person so I
actually cannot stuff but I've listened
to his stand-up comedy before and I was
unimpressed is what I that's the
extensive things I know about Joe
this time it soldier says oh god Jack
suffered another pocket ninja style
explosion what will we do here's what
you do
stop insisting characters be something
they're not
what are we talking about I think I
believe he's referring to my exploit my
Superman explosion in which I pretty
gently told people that they were
incorrect about their assertions of
Superman being and needing to be a deep
character you know part of part of our
job as media consumers and you know part
of the reason why I got into video
making and criticism and that stuff is I
liked to figure out why I liked things I
took a moments like I mean I like this
movie why do I like this movie all walls
actors gave a shot it shot really well
it's an interesting story I started to
dissect the why of it and it's the same
with just characters why why do I like
Superman as a character all I like
Superman here and I don't like Superman
there why what did they do different in
this one you have to start looking into
these things you and I believe in you I
believe in all of you you can do it take
it take a moment breathe
breathe let's see here tightens head
says there is an interesting superhero
who is also a by-the-book Boy Scout
it's Marvel Cinematic Captain America
you can do a straight-laced character
with depth and some complexity sure I
guess my only counter-argument is there
we're barely getting any depth now and
he's in his movie like the the the the
depth that we're getting now is I'm a
Boy Scout do I choose to remain a Boy
Scout or finally work with the system
I guess I'll remain a Boy Scout like
he's always had his own code that's fine
he's likable right you root for Captain
America you give a shit what happens to
Captain America in those movies oh sure
sure but I'm saying like even his like
arc even his depth is not that deep and
also the important part about it is it
didn't come until his fifth movie in the
first yeah what what depth did we have
for Captain American his first movie I
don't know about second they do some
stuff with what's-her-face lady loves
mix she's old though then they do some
of that and Simmel in uh Nestle Warren
Winter Soldier
ya know you know what he was a good guy
and he visited her in the hospital oh
geez so does so deep nah he's a good guy
does he does he remember he visited her
in the hospital but she has Alzheimer's
and so she like she snapped and and
thought that he had just shown up and he
pretended like he did just show up
because he's a good guy yeah I I don't
know if I would consider that depth or
just you know maybe I guess maybe that's
a little dead it showed that he's always
a good guy
Peggy Carter yes look I don't remember
names that's not how I roll
Superman's is fine is the character he
needs me because he's likable and you
care what happens to Captain America
sure like Superman's conflict I'm not
but I'm saying is I'm not sure what you
want and why you think it would be
better oh no I think I think tyrants
head was just pointing out like it can
be done well Superman doesn't need to be
this like morally complex character
because here's an example of a pretty
straight-laced Boy Scout that works well
you know I believe that's what irons
Amazon or at least that's what I'm
taking
Superman's conflict should be well this
I don't know his only conflict should be
how can I save more people that's all he
should care about this conflict is
Superman you have to choose do you save
five people over over here or a hundred
people over here oh damn you evil man
making me choose who to save what am I
supposed to be doing here
so four man needs boobs and needs to be
a super girl agreed super girls great
okay a bag in bag linic and bagel
Innokin says what if WB goes to complete
opposite ways fires Snider and has the
Justice League convert into the
Superfriends so they can fight the
Legion of Doom would you want to see
that you really want to see the
Superfriends on the big screen can you
make a sustainable universe out of that
gimmick okay knee-jerk reaction I would
much rather see the Superfriends than
anymore Schneider verse sure but would
you want to see that for more than one
film they've done something pretty
similar in the arrowverse you know it's
it's kind of its kind of schmaltzy and I
kind of like it I would much rather have
schmaltz then than brooding cynicism
think so yes I would rather have that I
think there's a happy in between I don't
think I need to make that choice but if
you're asking me to choose between the
two yes give me smokes
I have no idea where I should go after
all remember these are these are these
are these are based off of children's
comic book characters
give me that are you okay
no I think I'm done okay I'm sick of
looking at this game great let's not
play anymore yeah I'm gonna try and be
the slow no I'm done
great let's see here Craig nation says
hey Jack in an episode of our web series
we used the song from the band called
Tiger Knight who I found out is from
Milwaukee yes I know tiger Knight have
you heard of them it's rock with a
female lead you'd love them lol f MC and
not only do I know Tiger Knight I'm
friends with actually I don't know if
he's still the bass player I'm friends
with the bass player and friends is
pretty loose I'm I'm good acquaintances
with the bass player we used to play in
bands together not in the same band but
in different bands and we would play he
used to be in a band called Perry he
would play often with our band really
good guy
I wore a tiger Knight t-shirt in one of
our episodes ok ok
I wore a tiger Knight I want to it might
have even been like our sonic episode I
don't know any of the people you're
talking about
it's Milwaukee band it's a hockey band
called tiger Knight and they're pretty
rockin ok they're like rock and roll
with a shouty female singer like but
like pop rock so a little like a little
like Paramore or or dead Sarah and and
the great tiger Knight I wore a tiger
Knight t-shirt
I don't know what an episode that was I
think that might that might have in
Sonic but uh so yes I know I know of
them I know one of the people in it
actually and on my youtube channel from
years ago I have a video of them
performing live that I shot and edited
because I used to do that when I'm gonna
have two shows I used to go out to shows
all the time I loved it yeah but I don't
do well in social situations and so I
always needed a job and so I bring my
camera and my recording equipment and
I'd record bands live and then I got to
see enliven like but then it felt like I
was there for a purpose instead of just
enjoying myself because it's hard for me
to just like enjoy myself
hey so there's I have a live video of
them my youtube channel I were shirt
fuck I'd know all the things I got all
stuff in the student bag a little like
Creek Nation says hey Jo are you already
said they gobbling Kooks
gobbledygook z-man is published by DC
now he-man okay
I'm sure they don't have the movie
rights I'm not sure what the questions
getting at but listen I'm getting there
um tiger night for sonic for you great
great and now and the first few scenes
weren't the best but I'm really enjoying
the new Eternia war series and
transformers and TMNT IDW are great
great I was never into he-man never even
as a child
yeah I was never into Hugh Mann I don't
I don't care about he-man it's weird to
me bein like the prime age for that when
I came out
yeah I believe that I'm less fond of it
like Mike's a little bit nostalgic man I
think yeah a little bit hmm me unless so
okay yeah yeah Coppola looks to be
honest I haven't gotten into any of the
TV superhero stuff not on Netflix not
the CW nothing their doubles quality
they're doing the Goblin stay in but I
did catch a legion I love it please talk
Legion I will talk Lee John finally got
around to watching Legion
you can watch the pilot episode it's
like free and everything you can just
watch it for free and I highly recommend
it okay my my quasi joke quasi non joke
was you have to imagine Wes Anderson and
Edgar Wright producing a show about
psychics okay and that's really what it
is it has like the the actors
performances and the overall tone and
style is very Wes Anderson but the
editing style and the effects and the
way that they portrays psychic abilities
and mental illness is very anger right
it's one of the most interesting shows
I've watched recently I don't know if
it's good yet if that means anything but
it's really neat like it's right it's
very fascinating I've watched the first
two episodes and it's just it's just
it's very engaging but I don't know if
it's good does that make any sense no
try try watched a couple shows and care
of the other night
uh-huh when you watched what's called
the drew Barrymore wanted Netflix the
santa clarita diet Santa Clara diet
she's horrible true Barrymore's
fucking horrible and it she she sounds
like for one for one thing she's about
my age she's a couple years older but
she's about my age she looks like she's
10 years older than
yes well it made me feel really bad well
I think like she's she's falling apart
quick it's the drugs it's the drugs
she's had a hard life and here's here's
the other thing with her it's also the
drugs yeah she talks the way her voice
sounds sounds like she's an obvious
druggie who thinks she has everybody
convinced that she's not on the drugs
but everyone knows yeah and you're very
more she doesn't sound natural at all oh
she is she is fucking horrible
well and the other the other thing me
and Karen we tried to watch the return
the return it was a nice show apparently
didn't know until we actually watched
the first episode and enjoy it anyway it
didn't last more than one season but
people who had died they just could have
come back home they don't know what
happened okay this girl walks home like
she was in a bus accident but she wakes
up in the woods and she comes home
something weird happened today and her
mother's just like shocked that her dead
daughter was come back home and yeah
yeah me premise nobody in it acts like a
normal human being their reactions are
all what does your love them just came
back to life this is not how you behave
yeah that can take you right out of it
yeah yeah I can figure right now
we tried twice the other night we could
not find a new show I'm so sorry so so I
can watch the expanse man
so fucking good we watch we watched ET
the other night yeah I saw what the boys
what a great fuck really because that
came up me and Karen we're talking about
what was the most overrated 80s movie he
came up oh you know what I'll he'd trick
people into thinking it was good with
schmaltz I'll hear you on overrated no
no no I mean the proper definition of
overrated yeah it doesn't mean the
product is terrible
it means it gets more credit than it
deserves oh and it's even like I think
it's a great family movie I think
watching it as an adult because I
haven't seen it since I was a kid yeah
et is a goopy horrible flesh monster
yeah he looks awful yeah by any unbiased
standards he is an awful creature yet
you find yourself falling in love with
him
that's that Spielberg magic he's like
just look at a picture of et without
knowing he's he's covered in slime he's
goofy flesh he's got tiny legs and you
know what Spielberg probably took a look
at whatever the original design was
right and Spielberg who was a wise man
probably said ah give it really big eyes
give it really large blue eyes and I can
I can sell that yeah yeah and you can't
like but there are close-up shots of et
where it is literally covered in slime
it's like sweaty and gross and it's
squeals for most of the movie and why is
any why does anyone love this thing and
it's Spielberg like you know what it's
not Spielberg it's Eliot's performance
like he's in Elliot's great the brother
is great drew Barrymore which may be
about it who's that you know tiny little
coked up kid just a tiny little coked up
ahead I mean at that point she might
have been wasn't wasn't she in like
rehab when she was 12
something yeah part of like a famous
family yeah yeah bud huh you know what
et is a fine movie I haven't seen in
ages and I was falling in love again
good old good old et and then afterwards
Lisa and I were looking for
to watch and we didn't find anything so
we were we were watching daredevil she's
really good season 2 of daredevil man
that that's Punisher he's great great
have you finished it yeah I just got to
sidetrack that I never really got back
to it didn't mean I hated what I saw of
season 2 right I was loving The Punisher
stuff I just never got back around to it
after something sidetracked what the
fuck sidetracked me now sure sure and I
don't know how much Karen is interested
in my god
tough guys beat up each other show so it
something I'm gonna have to watch my own
there's some eye candy Matt Murdock
thanks you screwed up a lot is my candy
there I see prime might get another shot
sure like it actually liked some of the
daredevil comics she read of all things
like Kevin Smith's daredevil rotted
really yeah he's in all he can be an
alright writer that Kevin's yeah he did
it he did a fun run on Green Arrow that
I read yeah that was really neat that
was a it was like bat back to like Robin
Hood ask super poor Green Arrow dealing
with this like supernatural like kid in
an imaginary monster thing Jack talking
about hey I'm sorry that I'm talking
about dudes I can appreciate good
looking dudes that's not saying anything
about me that's not saying anything
about you that's just saying I like
button is saying that you can appreciate
buff looking dudes right and there's
nothing wrong with its saying that about
you know what I also like looking at
scantily clad women and so it's like hey
we get both in daredevil you get
scantily clad women you get Elektra and
you get you get Matt Murdock who's
shirtless and buff like that's nothing
wrong with that that's like a win-win
for everyone
no god damn it's Kevin's mission not
direct a Batman movie Kevin Smith cannot
direct things that he did not write as
Kevin Smith is not a good director okay
he is not he is Kevin Smith
okay ready ready ready for some real
talk ready for some real Hollywood talk
yep
there are two kinds of directors okay
there are vision directors and there are
directors for hire you see like people
who direct these like these shows like
the CW shows like look super girl flash
or law-and-order and like direct
episodes of Star Trek
those can be fucking anyone behind the
camera they gave it to Jonathan Frakes
in the Star Trek next gen Ed's right
there are he's directed a lot Jonathan
Frakes he has he's not what you would
call a visionary director no yeah he
does not have a clear vision but he can
stand behind a camera and tell you if
that shot is good and he can give actors
general direction right yeah that's
that's a working director Kevin Smith is
a working director chuck was clerks good
because Kevin Smith was a good director
or was clerks good because Kevin Smith
was a good writer I want you to ask
yourself that question I'm gonna answer
that question in just a second okay I'm
gonna finish up my visionary thing so
Kevin Smith is able to look at the
camera to see if the performance is all
right guide the actors to that
performance he has no vision outside of
that he is a good director atmosphere
none of them he has none of that he is a
good writer and a good director and the
reason that clerks works is because is
neither because of his writing or
directing but really it's because of the
completely unheard of subject matter of
just two dudes talking okay okay clerks
is special because it's about two dudes
talking and weird stuff happens so you
know what maybe you could have tribute
that to his writing but I think the
subject matter was more than that it was
just like this is a movie about how me
and my friends talk this is crazy
okay okay so what did I think of Kevin
Smith's 4cw episodes
indistinct from any other CW episodes
that's why Kevin Smith is not visionary
like you have those directors like like
the the person who directed Jessica
Jones had a vision the people who
directed Fargo
they can even be even be different
directors but they have a specific
vision of where Fargo is going and
that's why I kind of on those shows the
showrunner
is more important than the director that
handled the overall vision Kevin Smith
is not that director you can't give him
a script and he can't turn that into
magic he will make that script as it is
written we're good he's oh and there's
nothing wrong with that there's nothing
wrong with the worker but you don't give
him a big property like Batman you give
that to someone who has something to say
visually motherfucker yeah what if we
Kevin Smith directory hey folks
I think Jersey girl was not bad haven't
seen it it's not bad
haven't seen it you know what I like
about Kevin Smith as a filmmaker I like
when he's when he tells metaphors for
how he's feeling at that particular
moment I think I think the last Kevin
Smith film I watched was Dogma okay
dogma was a fine movie said before after
actually Bill and they're not Bill and
Ted Jay and Silent Bob strike back I
don't think that was before that was
before then that then Jim Bob Jay and
Silent Bob strike back was the last
Kevin Smith movie I have seen okay yeah
it's a it's it's clerks Mallrats chasing
amy Dogma Jersey girl James I'm Bob okay
I believe that's the order I could be wrong
Jersey Girls all right you know why it's
a story about...
Was Jay and Silent Bob one of his last two
before he started doing like the tusks and whatnot
well then he did Clerks 2 and then he dead cop out
and then he did the Zack and Miri Make a
Porno was that him yeah yes probably the
it's probably the fifth time somebody's
told me he directed that that was like
I'll have Sam but like so like you look
at clerks you look at chasing amy you
look at clerks too you look at Jersey
girl you look
Dogma yeah that's Kevin Smith wanting to
visualize a metaphor for how he's
feeling at the time and that's Kevin
Smith at his best like I want you know
what like I grew up in a religious
household and I'm feeling kind of
conflicted about my own religious
leanings and I want to make a movie
about that boom dogma not the greatest
movie in the world but an alright movie
that has that has a vision behind it
right you let you look at clerks and
clerks to you that's just where he was
at the time
Jersey girl is just all about a dad
dealing with being a dad like having a
kid and dealing with that with life is
dealing with a kid it's great because
that's where he wasn't yeah that's what
he can handle
let the man handle what he handles right
oh fuck yeah he did red-stained to god
man he's made a lot of movies you guys
doing a Collider skit right now we're
just talking about shit because we don't
feel like playing a game anymore I'm
done I'm done you know what we're gonna
make this a live stream I have I know
that I ever 100% got over my flu I don't
know that's alright we'll make it a live
stream I gotta go back home
I gotta edit a neo video plank playing
games is making me mildly lush nauseous
tonight okay so that's fine one more tip
we got here jack I bought a season 2 of
the expanse caught up the other day and
loving it you would love I know there's
so many things there's so many things a
rich should give Fargo a watch - okay
yeah and you should fargo's very good
also yesterday a friend watched a recent
case myth film had to leave the room
from cringe yeah I hear his new ones
yoga hosers and tusk are just are just
awful but but his and make all the awful
shit he wants his importance has already
been felt in the world which is great
maybe one day we'll make a video talking
more about them he said the thing that
he needed to say
Kevin Smith to be a known person he did
his thing he didn't think he'd be Albert
Einstein relativity that was all you had
to say he's in he's in you're in kid
you're in for life he said the one thing
I your golden eye I think I I think
Kevin Smith started something that he
did not intend to to start he started
the modern age of not film production of
content creation I want you to think
about what we oh my god right here rich
we're just two guys who spend a lot of
time talking about Star Wars yeah that's
fucking clerks man he was he was
podcasting before people were podcasting
he was storytelling before storytelling
comedians were a thing he he started a
new wave of entertainment okay I have
never looked I've never said I hate
Kevin Smith yeah yeah yeah I hate I hate
his current movies but no he's he's a
he's something man
he's something he deserves he deserves a
place in the world and he's got it
anyway let's stop talking about Kevin's
mother Christ my button is falling
asleep if only we had a couch in you
know word on the arms yet they have a
couch with no arms or legs largely
because the legs go on the arms yeah
that's that's the kind of the problem so
it's at this point in which we thank
everyone who subscribed to us during the
stream sorry for the short stream but
hey that's how we're feeling tonight so
we're gonna start our thinking of
subscribers with har man Z who has
subscribed to us for 13 months in a row
lady Denning 15 months in a row says
hello everybody hello Eddie Edwards
Shaddam fried uh 15 months a neurosis
love you guys
dark
matter for 19 months in a row says happy
r2d2 noises this is general Gore Mario
Mario 42 of 432 fucking months in a row
it's insane Mario Mario Mario viruses
thanks for the Humble Bundle
announcement been playing lots of fun
games lockup for for for Shaun
underscore underscore underscore for 17
months in a row Sean says one more month
and I will have an even number of months
again beer Meister twenty eighty nine
seventeen months in a row says one more
month and my subscription can vote ah
furry badgers cat flu Fresno Bob says
five months in a row from probably your
only subscriber who's also a new grand
oh my god jeezum Christ Fresno
congratulations and I'm sorry no being a
grandparents great yeah giving back like
you know what it's it's like it's great
to be an uncle or a grandparent cuz yeah
you get to play with them and do all the
fun stuff and you say here you got to
change his diaper
yep you say it's time for you to change
his diaper I changed your diapers I
don't change other people's anymore fuck
you I kids make a lot of noise take him
back just this guy you know twenty six
fuckin months in a row says congrats
Fresno Bob purple space bazooka for 25
fucking months and roses greetings you
magnificent hack frauds question for
both of you what gamer film would you be
happy to see being rebooted thank you
for being you party who wants to save
Remo Williams but the other part of me
says no because they would not let that
movie be as politically incorrect as it
needs to be
sure sure that's her that's her you need
an old racist Korean man but they have
to be extremely racist and sexist for it
to work what about what about dr. ken
who dr. ken he was he's like the angry
Asian man who's in the hangover movie no
I haven't I haven't seen I haven't seen
any of those really either have I I just
know him as kind of a comedy person he's
he's that angry asian guy and everything
we good dr. ken he'd be great
what movie could they do well nothing
I've answered this question before and
now I'm I'm upset that I don't remember
what my answer was before cuz I think I
had a good one
before you know let me think on this for
a second something action e something
action II that they didn't that maybe
they couldn't do the action well back in
the day it's last minute just to think
of this such a thing hey the problem
what I'm trying to think of is the
answer I gave before
yeah that's harder to remember because I
want to say I've had a good answer for
this before spawned all right I just
shit can spawn right no one needs spawn
in their life
no one needs spawn in their life let's
let's remake let's just reboot Supergirl
the movie but have it but have it with
all the people from the CW show Swamp
Thing I've never understood Swamp Thing
a little more had a decent run yeah yeah
I've never I've never read it I don't
get it he's a monster man let's do a
Swamp Thing movie fucking just say fuck
it make a movie in the swamp fuck it
TC 2:09 says roses are red violets are
blue
the greasy strangler is coming for you
you have no idea how accurate that
statement is movie Boozer says subduct
up five months in the Bubba tub Oh God
like today wasn't a shower day for me
Richard I'm sorry hi ro gen 6 says wow
dude on powerful rain drop 29 fucking
months and a roses mom says 29 month 29
mom Thai Rak the ancient for 14 months
in a row lakyn 19 fuck : 19 months in
her are not quite fuckin yet get
premature that says keep on keep up the
great streams guys I really enjoyed the
WWE stream last week still this week for
you mm-hm and salad Ian says two whole
months of hack gameplay and cynical
commentary keep it up sunday is the new
week it was last week for us to actually
so yeah that's true yeah sunday sunday
is the first day of our week even though
it's the last day of the weekend yes
it's a Malak 47 says longtime rlm fan
only recently discovered prereq thanks
for all the entertainment over the years
have a free sub and a nice day like
hundo six growth McMillan Terry 14
months in a row says I would like to
wish my girlfriend Pyrex subscriber at
because movie a real life happy
anniversary
February 28th congratulations you did it
you did it may it not end horribly and
awkwardly you really did it
what well that's something like extra
for what a remake yeah I guess I could
see getting a little like extra is
pretty good extra was a good movie but
like that same kind of creepy tone with
modern effects you know what fuck it
what fuck it jack how about Citizen Kane
I don't like something here how about
Gone with the Wind
I don't like oh no let's let's just get
blasphemous with it
rebooting rebooting dolls pull the card
reboot it all we need to have our new
young latina woman Luke mentored by a
old wise Chinese man gay gay Chinese man
I love it Lucas Lucas what's sky in
Spanish what Scott Walker in Spanish
what's Skywalker
Luke eat someone's because someone's
gonna know here a blind transgender gay
yep
I liked how he jumped from extra to
Citizen Kane absolutely George Takei is
obi-wan yeah yeah sure sweet CeeLo Cee
Lo's sky
Chewbacca can wear a ha Jeep so now how
do you say walk how do you say walk walk
in the sky yeah yeah steelo they're
saying boot oh no no no no that is
definitely no no no that's like an
insult
yes I believe vagina you think yeah I'm
just gonna google translate they're
saying coming to our and el cielo so I
believe it's like calling somebody a
pussy okay I watched narcos they use
that word a lot gotcha you know what
we'll figure that out and rich and I
will start our pitch for the reboot
Skywalker
Celia say c'mon yar welkins the clown
twenty five fucking months in a row and
Darth Vader
I'll get this Darth Vader is a woman
darth vader still a guy still a guy a
guy all white costume what all white
costume you're blowing my you know why
cuz he's the bad guy
right who's the bad guy right the man
the man Jack rich this is the greatest
idea in the his cinema nickel ran thank
you for subscribing kaboom 46 cram MCUs
mister grape its top fix today's lucky
numbers are three
Dean 723 9 and 11 mr. elephants says
don't die jack it's only Superman
everyone so I like to believe in the
general intellectual readiness of our
viewers and sometimes you all say some
dumb shit and I'm sorry that I had to
yell hunchback shit
hunchback jack for 21 fucking months in
a row says 21 months my sub is now old
enough to drink I lost in Technicolor at
31 fucking months and a roses I love you
fuckers fuck a French man
that's poor Godfather I love you fuckers
crunch man 2600 got AIDS bagels listen
hey I see I see y'all I see y'all y'all
chatters just because I did not know
whether or not Germany was in the UK
like you all know i'm dumb i try to
snots a dumb shit you all say real dumb
shit though like what just make it
blatant to Grand Moff Trump just call
him Grand Moff Trump don't even hide it
played by Alex Baldwin play well he just
wears a normal suit everyone else is in
spacesuits he just wears a normal suit
impression this star base is gonna be
ready it's the biggest best da base you
will ever see don't you worry Vader
don't you worry Vader use that guy deeds
bagels right uh if not God eats bagels
fleshy patch 29 fucking months in a row
says fight the war fuck them
norm norm ik Donald didn't do anything
to you you leave him alone my name is
Tate for 20 fucking months in a row
my name is Tate says 20 20 20 20 20 when
yeah what you gotta have some pizzazz
must see what's written like that 20 20
20
I don't know what twin it's got views
cuz of zing that's got like an old girl
you 2020 when we going off all drinks -
now you're really you're really good at
that one
no girl Mahalo amen
grumpy badger 3 says love your love of
thief thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it true we really do
have a nice night well now that we
awkwardly reach for the end stream
button
