Episode 734
Under Wrist Over Watch (Part 2)
March 20, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eWFNdm8fnVc
___________________________________________

here is a button I can hit now they can
hear us
Wow and now
anything game audio wise but they could
hear that and now they can see us what I
know
well it's live we are back I mean we'll
be back you did it the wrong order
look now would look like liars Oh see
now she says dancing oh you know what
going back to commercials commercials
the thing that makes the internet run no
you know what actually helps a whole lot
what if the commercial is actually
entertaining yes I I have watched that
Chuck Norris dinner one all the way
through like ten times that comes on I
just let it run sure that and and as
someone who has made commercials for the
internet like I don't know if it's still
this way but I can't tell you the amount
of difficulty as a creator that I've had
getting commercial producers to
understand that yeah like this is a
pre-roll ad we need to either make it
incredibly short uh-huh or incredibly
entertaining yeah yeah that's it that's
the trade-off it's a real short right
you know what you can make a 12 v bones
if you can but right like how do they
argue with you what do they want what is
their vision because generally
entertainment and/or brevity take away
from brand messaging yeah you know no we
need to make sure that they know that
our call carrier is you know the note
has the number one market blah blah like
we need to say that and we also need to
say that we can reach 4G LTE speeds and
we also need to say this and we also
need to say this so we have so much
brand messaging and on top of that we
want to be entertaining so it's just
gonna be 45 seconds long
oh you say like give us some time we can
figure out a way to get your brand
messaging with no no our team our team
has taken care of that that's why they
skipped their ads and that's why they
skipped their app it's true and you know
they're the suits they're the ones
they're the ones making the commercials
you gotta you gotta listen to them you
know custom game did we talk about the
twitch trimmer who died doing a World of
Tanks marathon I I don't know anything
about that
at first I heard what I saw the new my
heart attack her what happened I don't
know I just I literally just saw that
headline I don't know that's all I know
that's I'm I just they keep going off
you might be a little better no you're
fine you'll find um no team demo we're
defending we need a solid gun we need a
gun on the team stop scrolling so I can
read the thing I don't care about the
update I'm trying to have to scroll up
I'm not using the touchpad so suck
person who is involved in commercials
how do you feel about the argument that
most people don't pay attention to
commercials and they have little to no
effect on people's choices to buy said
product right and by the way that's that
is a big as someone who's made
commercials that is something you try
your hardest not to talk about I'm just
I'm just trying to be honest with you
that comes up sometimes and when it does
you just I got it hey I gotta pay my
rent you know yeah and that's the other
reason why
it comes up less for me when we're
making stuff like pre-roll
advertisements because then it's like
well let's make this as entertaining as
we can to make sure people want to watch
it over and over again and get that
brand message but you know that is that
is a big question mark the the effects
of commercial advertising are still not
widely known and yeah yeah I'm with him
it's basically what I'm saying I'm with
you
they pay for TV they better keep
thinking they work or you know what to
stick the Netflix cuz they've gotten the
good shit these days anyway right as
long as someone's making stranger things
and I didn't have to watch commercials
doing it there's not a bad world
previously recorded live thoughts on the
Bukowski's they're girls now I like to
watch a ski you want me to say I think
that what they were I think they were
more looking for like their movies their
TV shows they had the matrix I haven't
really seen any of their TV shows oh I
know they got the sensational thing they
have something other than sensei
probably not okay I really like sense8 I
really enjoy Speed Racer I don't know if
that's a controversial opinion but oh I
actually haven't seen any of their other
movies like they're whoa how did you get
up there
but I really like sense8 I am all about
sensing Jupiter rising that was that was
one I did not see if there's rich wasn't
being sensitive I'm stating a fact yeah
there's nothing wrong with that they're
girls now you know who'd be the first to
tell you that the Wachowskis the
Wachowskis sisters it's it's kind of
strange that they both are but I have no
issues with this whatsoever right they
are who they are and as you know as long
as they keep making good stuff no one
really cares
but I'm looking forward to seeing
Jupiter sending and was there the one
Cloud Atlas yeah I terrible
I hear Cloud Atlas is terrible but
Jupiter ascending is supposed to be
schlocky goodness and I like walk
I haven't stuck out anything they have
done since the Matrix sequels right
because those were fucking disaster
I mean that was that was that was the
death told the Nellore there was that
was the end for me but no the death
knell told in a nature kamini there's
the name aid chickabee me revolutions oh
yeah yeah I mean that was that those
movies were just cluster fucks
absolutely they absolutely were rich but
I really like Speed Racer I'll defend
Speed Racer
which is worse the Matrix sequels or
Star Wars prequels be the Star Wars
prequels which are still relative to
their budgets the worst films ever made
it's an accurate statement rich what
god damn you and your shotguns I did
bump right up into you
so that was my fault my fault I should
not have just run right into you like
that Matrix sequels they're worse yeah
no no there no I mean yeah no they're
not I mean they're they're all bad but
they're not worse than the Star Wars
prequels
where am i Apple
good game everyone gargarensis not an
insult I do it myself from time to time
Jack exactly the conclusion I get from
its we're like soul mates oh I'm just
doing the refer that he's a friend was
earlier tipping up the face thing your
your face face mirror looking in the
mirror oh great yeah yeah like I used to
do that I was younger like look good
like existential about it I mean that's
someone else the ads that I make faces
in the mirror sometimes I then I moved
on to other you know serious issues like
you know what am I going to eat tonight
sure sure that's important that's
important how am I going to make rent
this month right these are all questions
I have looked in a mirror and asked
myself
that's Farage that's fair we have
Winston I never play as Winston you're
big monkey you're a space monkey hey I'm
gonna be a big space monkey rich 97th
Jekyll says yep so I just realized I've
been ad blocking your stuff I'm a
shithead
here's 35 it's like I get where people
are coming from with that block because
a lot of ads can be obtrusive and
intrusive but much like pirating it
would just be horribly hypocritical of
me to do that as all as all I can really
say about it this is rich poor I have I
have had periods in my life not even
that long ago in the grand scheme of
things yeah where my budget was
uncomfortably tight
and I did not really have like family as
a backup auction option all right I've
had some scary moments that's fair
like how how long can I stretch this
macaroni and cheese yeah I've had those
weeks and that's you know what that's
frightening yeah this that is absolutely
frightening if you've if you've never
had like serious money worries in your
life you don't know how horrible it is
yeah worrying about not having a roof
over your head at the end of the month
is is a terrible thing
gasps who's that behind us
we're gonna need we're if I'm gonna need
again G to get back past that bastion
then Bastion son of AB or CH took thanks
today exper says what is your opinion of
YouTube ready I subscribe to it so I can
skip ads while still supporting content
creators and you know what I was I was
just taking a peek at our at our
analytics yep I think we're gonna need a
gingy ing is the natural is the natural
balance to a bastion I'm no good as
Genji but we're gonna try to give them a
chance here
YouTube run YouTube red I was just
checking out our analytics and you know
a decent portion of our okay okay a
decent portion of our revenue comes
comes from from YouTube bread like not
it's not over 50% maybe 30% I think it's
a fine idea especially if you use
YouTube a bunch and you're not a fan of
ads that's the that's the easy way to do
it
what are they what are they charge for
you to read 5 books a month
oh it's not that bad that's not that bad
that and that might be incorrect I was
thinking it was like triple or quadruple
that I don't know why uh-huh and I guess
it could be I don't know I was I was
thinking $14.99 was what I just assumed
what do you what do you guys fives not
terrible fives not terrible what do we
think it is that I might be worth it
just to skip fucking ads right you just
can you skip to ads on everything you
don't skip ads there just are no ads on
anything on anything right not just
special programming right okay wait for
the team wait for the team's wait for
the team attack as a team yeah I do not
have strong thoughts on M night I hear
splits pretty good
I hear splits pretty good
I love the sixth sense unbreakable is
okay it's pretty good we're getting
prices all over the place here ten a
month $8.99
yeah yeah I'm contends not terrible I
would pay five a month to get rid of ads
and I don't care about any special
content they want to put but I just
don't give a shit but just to get rid of
ads yeah I would be okay with five a
month
the ads on Twitch suck more here's the
thing with twitch though your your
watching a stream it's usually hours on
end yeah and you only get like the one
ad before that right so maybe it's like
a a minute and a half ad but it comes
before like four or five hours worth of
content well I mean that's us I think
other streamers are better about running
ads
that's true too you know what I don't I
can't say I watched a ton of streams
yeah I've never watched one though or
somebody ran an ad I've just I've never
really seen it happen we're losing and
we're gonna lose we we can choose to put
at we can run an ad like during a stream
but I mean I'm what I'm talking about is
when you start a stream what always runs
before the stream right and we don't
tell it to do that at least not to my
knowledge it wasn't like a setting just
when you go to our channel on them for
streaming an ad will play don't you see
video and that's not something we are in
control of
trying to get their guys tried to get
they're kind of out there I haven't seen
split I've heard it's good
here's knowing literally not knowing
what the twist is yeah I'm gonna say
it's identical twins and not actually
two different one person with split
personality is that that is that the
twist I'm wondering I've heard they I
think there's more personalities but
that's a decent twist yeah then it's
just an identical twin
that's I'd like that I think if it's two
if it's just two personalities then I
could see that
yeah they just have played us
they have played us nothing we can do
about that subs don't see ads I have
heard that yeah we haven't said so a few
so that's something we can set if
subsidies your subscriber to us yeah
okay yeah like if you're if you're you
know like just a general viewer you will
see an AB I have it set and you can't I
could change it if I wanted to I could I
could set it I could set it so everyone
sees an ad but I figure that's a perk to
sub right
custom game lobby I don't know what that
is mister glitch sorry I'm just we're
just playing here any any hype for Logan
at all well me personally yeah never
been a huge x-men fan in general right
so I've been fine Padgett Stewart's fun
and and and what's-his-face is usually
fun is Wolverine Hugh Jackman yeah Wow
solid an I'm excited I got hype for it I
am I am an x-men fan in general and I
like I like where they're going with
this this whole story thing and I'm
excited that it's Hugh Jackman's lasts
x-23 is in it she's fun so everything's
fun everything should be fun I think I'm
gonna be torn you know it'll be torn
Jeff's talking about me being you know
98 percent right on movies I may as well
have just spoiled the split yeah fun fun
fun story about me and my movie
predictions and them being right a fun
little story that you did not see in a
best of the worst episode okay remember
the skateboard kid the original were you
part of that yeah yeah do you remember
when at the end of the movie when the
Paul Bunyan falls into the treehouse at
the very end the car hits the statue and
the statue collapses into something else
into the water tile and then that's how
they found the thing yes earlier in the
movie I was looking at that goofy statue
yeah I'm saying that's gonna fall over
into that Tower in it I thought that and
it was such a random thing I did not say
it out loud and then when it actually
happened in the movie I was jumping up
and down and pissed because I did not
physically call it and I had no proof
that I had predicted something so
fucking specific wait but didn't that
end up making it into the episode do you
not call did it I don't I don't know if
they use that I don't think they use
that you didn't call it and then we
yelled at you and said Rick you just
call everything I don't your writer I
don't think they use that I don't think
Jay put that in her microwave rated it I
don't think I've made the cut but
I was like hopping up and down and
pissed I was legitimately pissed for
like five minutes right called that well
that's the thing it like in in those
screenings you just call any weird
notion because then if it's right
they'll put it in and it'll be hilarious
and if it's wrong that was kind of out I
I was so mad because I I called it in
like the first 10 minutes of the movie I
just didn't say anything I thought ah
that's a little bit weird it's a weird
prediction yeah
I just held onto it I didn't say
anything and then when it actually
happened I was furious with myself yeah
famine junk rat hey girl shit oh god
we're done already we're toast already
rich toast all right here we got it I'm
very sorry Jack there's nothing I can do
I don't know there's nothing I can do
there's nothing I can do to get that
point all I can do is prepare prepare
the next one oh my oh my god
okay Matt don't you want to stay near
your turn sometimes you want to stay
near your turn to heal but a lot of
times that the turret is just a
distraction because tor actually has a
decent weapon here so a lot of times
I'll just use my turret to kind of
distract people so that so they have to
go look at my turret and I can get them
from I can kind of flank them so it's
kind of like an auto flag hunchback jack
wants to know what isn't your hand down
oh my he's got a thing he's got thing he
uses for first-person shooters I have
this nunchuck device
rich and I have talked about it before
and it's it's basically half of a
controller it's an analog stick for
moving my characters got a little jump
button it's got a couple extra buttons
that I can hit with my fingers it is the
split fish flag chuck is the is the name
of it and I've had it for a while and I
really enjoy it yeah we're so toast this
is rich going to play tonight
oh my you rich anytime you want are you
just telling me so fucking terrible
I had multiplayer shooters I would
embarrass myself but I guess that
doesn't matter no fucking hell
oh my God we're so toast where we what
we've lost so hard
none of us says any thoughts on lens
latest film angel of reckoning I just
saw it must say that
well it's no Citizen Kane he has greatly
improved as a filmmaker think meeting
you had a positive effect I haven't seen
it haven't seen it I didn't even know it
was out already
tells me what kind of fan I am a
terrible one Wow
I'm so sorry everyone this is the this
is the worst round of watch look at how
fast we lost I'm sorry that was it I
mean first of all nice push other team
that was very impressive that was very
very impressive I'm just shocked we cook
we couldn't even hold anything
crocodile brains is Jack do you have the
problem that when playing overwatch and
a group with your kids or younger people
that you find you get wrecked by the
players you match against every time lol
DVA for life DDOT VA I don't know what
that means diva diva is one of the
characters okay yeah sometimes like you
know cuz a lot of people will group with
me just cuz I have a lot of friends
because of the show and I like I will
feel bad if I'm not pulling my weight
and someone grouped with me it's my
fault and I feel really bad that's why
sometimes I won't group with people
where it's just like I just I just want
to play and not be judged make a try
plan you upload try playing oh yeah yeah
what do you have you have your control
setup okay okay so I'm in the basics the
big button over here is jump let's jump
let's jump okay who do you want to be I
just I don't know who standard who
standard standard standard man sounds
fine okay so you're gonna be standard
ma'am okay okay so regular click is
issue sure you look at what's right
click right click is missiles missiles
listen now you've seen that your
missiles got a cool-down okay it's five
four then where this button right here
yeah is one you hold that down in your
character runs and this button over here
yeah
drops a pod that heals special weapon
and everyone around you yeah I mean
these do anything nothing important to
your needs and then when you fill your
super meter it's the mouse wheel and
reload yeah
all right what's what's the objective of
the match thing so first thing you have
to do is capture a point okay and and
you know follow your team also it should
be glowing what does it not do anything
yeah yeah don't worry about it all right
yeah stay behind that guy stay behind
his shield and shoot all the bad guys
that's all you got to do we're bad guys
bad guys are glowing my god oh my god I
don't see any of them I got to stay
behind the thing stay behind him you got
this rich I believe you ain't got jack
shit Jack I believe in you
you can do this you can do this
which one's the missile Oh God I don't
even know which one the missile is
right-click this missile oh shit now I
didn't it nothing great
I'll fax
Oh Oh you've almost killed someone rich
that was great that was great you're
doing great you're pushing push with
your team well that was
yeah they set up a room of death and
that's okay there's a character has
these like centuries that slow you down
and hurt you and like as you can see
there they said it big all right all
right those are tough those are tough to
be but that's all right now you know the
room of death is there it's run
unlimited yeah you can't shoot while
you're on but
toss down a heel thing how do I do that
this one that one I see you got like all
a circle heal around you there you go
okay for the hill
whoa whoa
well hey you killed someone rich you did
it you did it
Jesus Christ we're on the way okay it's
great you're doing great you've almost
got your super dude and your super dupe
is is a quite literally auto-aim you're
doing great rich you're doing great
Am I yeah I mean no you're not but
you're doing great I thought on the Saw
films I'll - I
I'll defend the first saw film like as a
low-budget shock horror flick III will
defend the first saw film as an alright
film just a couple of kids who wanted to
make a horror flick but after
okay I pick Jason I will check email
when I get home but you know after that
it kind of got into you know torture
porn and there's a lot of a lot of
things about the Saw films that you know
everybody what the fuck I'm doing
oh yeah everybody's got their own
special things that a cowboy has a
little flashbang that can stun you all
right so now your super dupe is ready so
when there's a bunch of what does the
super dupe button it's the mouse we
don't present which one else wheel from
mouse wheel down on the mouse wheel all
right when you see a bunch of enemies
right down on the mouse wheel just shoot
fire ready go there's only one oh that's
not a bunch do it
that did a lot of good well yeah it
didn't do good but unfortunately their
healer also got his super dupe at the
same time which protected all of that
right some of my earliest internet
memories it was the Star Wars kid I
think that was the first internet thing
that I remember being a thing I remember
talking to people on the other side of
the world
where's the missile huh which one's the
missile Wow
so that was my uh that was my first
Internet memory was I remember seeing
the Star Wars kid and going oh how
embarrassing but then the internet
bought him an iPod remember it was a big
deal at the time no iPod and the
internet got together and bought that
kid an iPod okay and so that's what
happened to the internet kid
okay let's see here um seven of Borgnine
says hey guys here's two dollars for
riches mac and cheese did you ever see
the nice guys don't worry no one else
did either
Oh fantastic wonderful show wait wait
wait I'm thinking of the good guys
I did not see the nice guys Shane black
Russell Crowe Ryan Gosling I'm sure I
would like it I did not see it
unfortunately unfortunately I know no
one has an out on demand and I want to
see it never got around to it okay let's
see here today expose on YouTube bread I
pay $14.99 for a family account which
lets me sign in up to a total of five
YouTube accounts for add free viewing
okay that's like so five for fifteen
yeah three blacks three bucks a month
that's not bad
if there's five of you turbo maestro
Chesto says concerning YouTube comments
you guys released you guys released that
YouTube comments are the modern-day
equivalent of bathroom stall graffiti
anyone can leave a comment anyone anyone
they should be worse so what does
right-click do nothing just nothing yeah
he has no right click what's the soup T
doop well don't worry about a stupid to
do so the the the left mouse button
turns you into that form which means you
are invulnerable for a moment and the
other button is your teleport okay so
like if you press that button the other
button the right button and then now
press the regular teleport there so you
can get behind people okay and basically
you have two shotguns so you really want
to cut it close close to people yeah
so you know if you can't teleport behind
him and whatnot
head straight they follow the language
yeah out fillin disappeared left right
take a right so he doesn't have a sprint
he does not have a sprint
and if you collect those things they
give you health those are people's
spirits that you I'm excited about the
predator only because of Shane Black and
Shane Black is a quality director I I
will trust what he does he may he has
made to so many good movies in the past
I will absolutely trust what he does
that's that's all I can say about them
as far as like comments it's it's
shocking like what people think is
helpful or what we will listen to or or
that will listen to him at all cuz like
comments are so easy to ignore which is
the other thing like it's so easy just
to go click buy comment forever you know
like I said comments don't generally get
to me except for when like I say
something very specific and then someone
goes yeah now you're saying something
wrong like no I'm saying something very
I disagree with what you didn't say like
what what anonymous says jack tell rich
it's cool if you play some overwatch on
the sneak when no one's watching I can
tell he could get into it but it takes
time learning the character of roles and
counters that's true so you know like
ever every character has their own has
their own special oh nice
oh Jesus Christ well and that's the
thing like a woman takes a lot of time
to kind of learn where you should be in
the map who you should be fighting who
you should be concentrating on okay so
now you got your your super dupe what is
my super dupe basically it just shoots
everything in a big circle so I kind of
want to drop down and a big group of
people press it and kill everyone okay
okay
so it's just another one of those if
you're if you see a big group of people
oh so I press the button and then I die
now every time I use a fuckin soup D
dupe in this game I press the button and
that I fucking die immediately is that
what the soup dee doop is supposed to do
is it the troll yep yep it is right
that's what it's supposed to do there
you go fucking die well he's he's a tank
he has a lot of help but hey hey
you did it review good thing you kill
their healer yeah you killed you did a
lot of good you did a lot of good
nice nice rich that huckleberries kind
of a dickhead he's picking on you cuz he
knows you don't know what you're doing
yeah he knows rich doesn't know what
he's doing yes that's actually an
interesting question question someone
has a question about about your nickname
about the nickname for rich in general
which nickname which is of course dick
okay as we know from your famous viral
sensation picture at one point your
family referred to you as dick that's a
common nickname for Richard was there
was there a conscious point in which you
said don't call me that or did it just
happen naturally with orange happen
naturally okay I've always wondered that
like it's especially with that one
because obviously like dick means
something else as well but I was close
to my uncle he was dick okay so maybe
that was why I like he had an uncle and
so like one of you had to be black one
of you had to be rich maybe
dick rich Ritchie's Dickey Richard Rick
Ricky
oh no and I don't mean any male intended
by by dick versus rich either I've
actually that's that's a that was a
curiosity of mine well how do my idea
what I went to teleport but instead I
nothing am I got like shot or something
I don't
how do folks get jack from John or
Jonathan that's actually I blame the
Catholics like most things blame the
Catholics it's it's very it was very
popular to name your children after a
biblical character so that's why you get
so many John's John's Peters Paul's
right yeah and so you just have so many
John's you need a variant and that's
where Jack comes from
when I call you Jake how did they get
they call me Jake as a joke my name is
Jack so Jake sounds like Jack
everyone was named Petey or Paulie yeah
yeah there's a ton of pizzas out of
Paul's there's a bunch of John's and
that's where you check from is because
eventually you have so many John's that
all the John's get into a room together
and someone needs to be a jack there's
too many John's here I'm very sorry very
very sorry
has anyone told rich he's actually doing
ridiculously well for someone new at
overwatch well the rich knows how to
handle himself with the first-person
shooter and that's important it's not
like he's a noob gamer you might want to
grab one of those yellow things if you
can why are they armor pack
nice
get it nice got their healer important
oh there's someone on the carton
look what Curt what card back there the
hot V outline Oh what huh
they're pushing the cart right now and
they made it to the next checkpoint I
don't know where I'm getting hit from
right you see shit all over the place it
I think there's someone commented on
that it does take a little bit to kind
of just acclimate to all of the stimuli
yes oh no we can all agree we're gonna
give special thanks to on up after this
is done for keep powering you up because
she's been helping she's been helping
you Reaper is a good character to power
up but I think that AMA is trying to
make sure that you get some kills and I
think that's great
what do you keep doing to - I have no
idea whatever you do you you you you
keep like hitting people
what are you pressing
a new trainer everyone is giving their
kids weird and fucked up spellings for
their name in order to make it feel
unique yeah yeah I don't know there's a
lot of weird kids names there I think
there always has been there always will
be Jackie didn't tell him about the card
I listen one thing at a time kill the
guys in red he was doing a pretty good
job of killing the guys I'm red
I was letting him do that
Lincoln Indiana as children's names or
the guy's neighbor that's that's sad
what happened Lincoln Indiana actually
you know what I'm okay with both of
those games
names four four four kids Linc and India
yeah Lincoln and Indiana Indiana I think
yes little bit that's a little on the
nose link you maybe you want to go with
Lincoln and column link just say that
has like a semblance of a normal name
but I try I tried to get Lincoln for my
firstborn that's what that was on my
list alright who's good rich a lot of
people are good so she has a rocket
launcher and can fly McCree is a cowboy
and he has a six-shooter oh I have him
as the shadow because I think that's
really cool yeah yeah he shoots little
exploding bombs he like you can just
spam all day he's an archer he's a
sniper with a bow and arrow he can set
up turrets and he has a lava shooter
she's a sniper she has a big tank with
the big shield
she doesn't have to reload she just yeah
yes he has a big fucking hammer and a
shield he has a big shotgun and the hook
let's try cowboy cowboy all right okay
so his two things is that his right
button is what shoots the flashbang okay
and his left button is that he rolls so
you can like a roll out of the way like
that was like a grade the other one yeah
they're grenades like a flashbang and so
you shoot that at some of them like
stuns on me oh and that's for quick
shots then empties the clip so you know
we get regular click as regular shots
that just empties whatever you got left
in the barrel and yeah in a chamber in
the all right I can deal with that you
can deal with cowboy great great and be
be be Moody hey fellas I recently
watched a documentary on Netflix called
the curse of the man who sees UFOs is
highly entertaining I can't recommend it
enough
anything good you team
you know what I've seen that recently I
watched that on on some recommendations
from people in the chat and I didn't
really much care for it I I was kind of
sold on it as this like this filmmaker
I'm already dead
Oh sniper yeah I'm already dead oh and
you had the the disc the disc oradour
yeah there was lots of reasons you were
dead rich so lots of reasons to be dead
but you know I I can see why some people
were like it's it's basically just the
story of a very sad man who befriends
lights in the sky you know he sees
lights in the skies and he thinks there
are aliens and he starts talking to them
and films them that's just it's just
about this very sad man who has had some
real shit luck in his life and it wasn't
terribly interesting to me I haven't
watched doomed yet it's sitting on my
desk
the problem is Jay started scheduling
like he texted me I assume he texted you
maybe John yeah I was like like let's
get together and want to do them then
and we set up a date and and apparently
Josh couldn't do it that date so it's
like I will try again another day and
and so we're trying to set it up so we
can all watch doomed together as we
enjoyed watching the movie together and
there's two too many schedules to get
together
oh I'm done I'm sorry that you're not
having a good time there's a lot there's
a lot to learn you know all right let's
see we can get this back I'm no good
with McCree I might have to switch
characters but hey that's fine who's on
you all right let's see what we can do
here
Hey what
oh that oh wait what oh no wonder rich
what as something got remapped yeah that
yeah something got to horribly horribly
remem hey meant how did that happen
left all know or did you drop my a mouse
and break it really really
for some reason left alt is punch now
even though it says it's uh it's it's
supposed to be something else well
that's fine you know that's fine it's
fine we'll fix it later fix it later all
right where'd you leave off I might have
been caught up okay
what's the last thing the off switch
says just let you know we're getting our
comments ready for when you say over
watches okay but not for you why do you
think overwatch is the worst game ever
and then the one under that was the man
who sees you of those yeah okay there we
go there we go
somehow somehow the the the bomb got
remapped I have no idea how it got
remapped all right good oh oh it's
butthole
this makes so much sense
I'm just not a multiplayer guy Jeff
that's okay right that's okay you don't
have to be you you do different things
you play different games you're the
strategy guy really really really can't
just fire on that damn it
all right hold on a couple things we
need to do here we're gonna switch Jack
if you finally convinced Jay to switch
to Premiere Pro yes Jay is convinced
he's on premier Pro he loves it
he tells me that all the time that's not
true I'm first punch
there we go ah which have you ever built
the house from the ground up I was
wanted to obviously I knew I never would
but it seemed like a neat concept
building a house only house yeah what do
we need you here what do I need here ah
what happened what happened when Evan
white every out of the game I don't know
I'm just sitting here what what happened
I was room all son of a bitch I'm so
sorry everyone what happened I was
removed from the game due to inactivity
because the buttons got remapped and
then I wanted to change Ares I am so
sorry everyone I'm very very sorry
do do I like fireplaces I you know what
that's fine that's fine it's a
legitimate question it's an
easy-to-understand question that I can
give a nice simple answer to the answer
is I guess yes I bought a electric
fireplace for Christmas me and Karen we
got an electric fireplace TV stand yeah
and you got you you like fireplaces
enough to buy an electric one that's
what I got all right no I think I think
it's fine I think that's fair I do not
like fireplaces
no in general I feel great about the
fireman no no I just feel they're
terribly inefficient and I'm sure they
are and so I find probably have cold
coming in to from the chimney yeah I
find them to be useless they are a
bygone of an era where we did not have
things like furnaces are they pretty to
look at that's the important way their
their uselessness outweighs their
prettiness gonna be diva motherfucker
Divac pc for games max for chats I did
something interesting with uh I want to
talk about max for a little bit because
I that's my main computer is my iMac
that's that's what I work on but max I
thought you started like max landis yeah
oh man here's what I'm gonna say about
max Lant now I have nothing to say
although a lot of people in that
Superman video a like you need to talk
to max about Weiss was an interesting
character you know what I didn't finish
American alien I'm sorry you know why I
wasn't that invested in the character I
didn't care that much how about that so
max max ma si Mac computers I have an
iMac I've had one for a while that's
what I edit on that's what I do all of
my work out is my Mac I have my getting
my nice gaming PC now which I love but
my Mac is also getting to be is getting
aged you know I have I have a beta at
home a little fishtank yeah his name is
max oh yeah adorable so go on
sorry I completely derailed you you
absolutely to be silly you have and I
apologize you should just trying to be
silly and where is the rest of my team
they didn't like you huh apparently not
I completely forget what I was talking
about max because I talked about my
Betamax your Betamax oh I get it I get
it
I'm so sorry check I'm stung because it
did a game now so I have any tips from
proper aquarium carer
yes cycle your tank first don't listen
to what the fish store tells you wait
longer than a week
set your tank up get the filter running
and wait a month then buy fish this
chemical things going on with bacteria
you need you need the right bacteria
that tank needs to be running for a
month sure before you put a fish in it
okay so I got an old-ass Mac that was
the whole moral of my story here is I
got this old ass Mac and we're gonna
we're gonna get to the point soon where
I need to do something with that Mac
which either is get a new computer to
edit on start using my gaming PC to edit
on I also have a laptop that's newer
it's an it's a decent laptop and so with
this latest episode I wanted to do a
little experiment which was like can I
can I use my laptop for editing purposes
and so a lot of this episode was
actually edited color-corrected exported
uploaded on my on my laptop using a
monitor alex and and it worked it worked
fairly well it didn't benchmark great as
far as the export was concerned because
I feel like the graphics card was pretty
weak yeah yeah mate but it ran the
smoothest butter for editing which I was
really surprised that smooth as butter
for editing in fact it ran a lot
smoother than my nice iMac my nice old
my iMac which at this point is
fuck you
oh no fuck
well I pushed you off so I'm okay with
that I pushed the other man and a fender
bomb pushed me off the edge god damn it
so the the good moral of the story here
is I will be able to continue to edit on
my laptop and so when my computer which
at this point is six years old when my
computer decides to conk out on me I
will still have an edit machine and of
course beyond that I will still have the
gaming PC which I don't necessarily want
to edit on because it's my gaming PC you
know it's for gaming yep that's not play
PC wake up wake up
Jack after you edit do you keep or store
the rough footage or hear good rhythm uh
I keep it I keep it all because you
never know when you are going to need
that again you never ever know when you
might need that again we've livre edited
shit yours after the fact oh yeah neck
battle huh
don't hit me got hit me not hit you fuck
oh I got a new Mac I got a MEK so know I
keep everything which actually is a huge
problem storage wise just run it just
running out of fucking room
running out of running out of hard
drives we go through about a hard drive
a hard drive every month or two a
terabyte we go through about a terabyte
a month okay
and that's expensive so I'm looking at
other options I'm looking at a raid
server where I'd seen a multiple hard
drives together so I can get all of the
footage onto one and then you know back
it up but those are super expensive and
those are hard to maintain well raid you
lose one hard drive you lose all of the
information I guess that depends upon
how you have the raid set up I've seen
I've seen these great for Bank raids so
if you have four banks you can actually
split it up so you know two are are
one-half and two are the other half and
then you can duplicate we've got
everything so you not only do you have
it stored you have it a backup in the
same system which could be awesome but
like you know for for example this past
episode we were talking about
blood-borne a lot so I was able just to
plug in a hard drive and grab some
blood-borne footage without having to
replay and that was great
rewind shocks is rich just watch the
Dead Rising no death runs beautiful
entertainment it's cool to see the story
of a game I'd never play and watch you
bitch about the AI when what is your
next know death run I don't know for
sure what the next one will be I've been
wanting to give a doom no death another
shot dunno dad yeah I came pretty close
last time oh yeah what killed me was the
BFG Laser room puzzle
notice not really it wasn't really a
combat death it was some platforming
shenanigans
damnit Anna got done in by someone hit
bullshit sure
frog water says hey guys could you keep
it down
trying to play Binding of Isaac as the
lost and it's hella hard ll Rutger Hauer
forever also will there be any cheese
sandwiches in the stream what I want is
a cap alright really like the hard
drives are working for now but
eventually they're not oh fuck you oh
you dicks the characters horribly
annoying what the one who pulls you
close yes road hog
he is very annoying he is very annoying
see even fly briefly yeah I got I have
some sweet fuckin jet packs and you know
like like now once you if your mech dies
you can still be diva and come around
and just be a little gremlin oh just
because it's me doesn't mean you have to
specifically go oh you didn't have
anyone else okay good
like I'm just diva over here come on
after me just because I'm Jack you don't
have to just go after me but I see now
you you you pulled your rip tire and you
had no one else Dead Rising one aged
terribly I'll disagree still the best
game in the series
how is this game different from Unreal
Tournament at the end of the day it
might not be I have no idea
did did Unreal Tournament have
characters with special abilities I
don't recall I never really played the
Unreal tournaments I don't know I've
never played unreal Turner who is still
in here
come on come on
what unholy clusterfuck I know that's
what I see when I watch this game there
is a bit of a method there's a bit of a
method to the madness watch in real time
yeah this is more akin to Team Fortress
like the the big thing about overwatch
or Team Fortress is it's class-based
everyone you know you choose you choose
different classes and they all have
their their balance issues their their
rock-paper-scissors our game engine
still a thing unreal unreal is unreal
it's just mostly it's mostly just unreal
no you don't hear about it everything
uses unreal that's why I said it's
mostly oh oh sorry just unreal yeah this
is why you don't hear about like what's
so intelligent this engine it's because
I think ninety percent this is that fair
is unreal three or four I did foreknow
Wow is just unreal three I don't know a
lot of people use in around hello get
kid favorite Ridley Scott film what do
we have we got alien yeah we got legend
gladiator
despite the ending I might say gladiator
oh yeah I hate the Emperor fight sure I
know the chats gonna go but real life
improve for the gritty the way the way
the character as was presented in the
movie did not like look like the kind of
person who would stoop to a gladiator
fight right
but despite my issue with that I'm
giving it the gladiator Blade Runner
I'm with Jay on Blade Runner Blade
Runner is visually beautiful but boring
Blade Runner is boring I don't care
which of the 92 directors cuts you
talking about I mean you're wrong later
on a great boring great it's got good
aspects to it like it's a gorgeous it's
a beautiful vision of this world of
buildings shit everywhere it's great
that's cool that's great but as a film
as a story of Dulles fuck the Harrison
Ford mopes around for four hours yeah
and then eventually Rutger Hauer has a
really cool scene and then the movie
ends uh-huh I don't see the problem
valid criticism you can condense it to
10 minutes of nice shots of a city and
then just let Rutger Hauer give a speech
tears in the rain and yep again what's
the problem
where's the pinion ever oh no I'm sorry
sorry you can't deal with thought that
he differs from your own thoughts on
alien it's a fine movie I'm just
typically not a horror guy I can
appreciate the monster I can appreciate
the sets the look of it mm-hmm-hmm at
the end of the day I'm not a huge fan of
horror movies I love alien that's why
that's why I prefer alien over aliens
say I'm the other way around right her
aliens because it's more of an
action-adventure film right with the
need sci-fi stuff the weird aliens yeah
yeah and your whatnots and your whose
it's your whose it's but at the vendor
the end of the day it's a it's an
adventure film right right yeah and I
like I like this the slow horror and the
guts of alien give me the blood and guts
Galion is beautiful but I think Geiger
is gross well there's an obvious
statement what the fuck was wrong with
HR Giger
oh he's I mean so many things what did
they do to him as a child
right what did they not let him do like
yeah yeah someone did someone did
something to HR Giger thought son alien
3 well I mean it's a horror movie so I'm
not super fun but I can't complain about
it you know it's going back to its Road
so I'm sure the people who like alien
were very happy about alien 3 just I
don't know for me that didn't stick in
my mind at all I know like it for a lot
of people except for Jay mhm it's it's
sacrilege as far as the Alien franchise
sir' but I just don't remember it which
i think is worse right I just didn't
stick in with what you've said about
horror versus action how do you feel
about the thing 1982 I avoided the thing
for years because in my head horror
movie horror movie I had enough for me
I'm from there gonna avoid it I know the
effects are supposed to be really
fucking good I've seen clips they look
great I'm not a horror guy
I haven't read that I know I need to
watch the thing though it sounds like an
accession this actually preaches decent
science fiction yeah
so that's just one I need to knit his
horror I need to watch but it's good
it's good horror sighs but like I
avoided it for decades because in my
head horror
right not a big whore guy that's horror
I don't need yep that was a close one
everyone that's a close one
Alien Resurrection I shit I made the
same mistake with Evil Dead 2 what I
didn't I didn't do very little about
Evil Dead 2 sure you know I have since
seen Evil Dead 2 it's one of my favorite
films but you know it's more comedy than
horror right right but I guess if you
going just thinking it's a horror movie
the thing is John Carpenter's
masterpiece I mean there's a lot of good
John Carpenter the things really good I
need this I might change my mind if I
see the thing obviously but I'm quite
fond of Big Trouble in Little China oh I
love the hell out of Big Trouble in
Little China I think is so fucking fun
and weird but it's like all of John
Carpenter there's so much good I would
hesitate to call anything his
masterpiece you know what I'm saying
sure I don't know about masterpiece but
my personal favorite right Big Trouble
in Little China right right we do bi do
bi do one more maybe one more can I do
one more let's do one more
I've been I've been exiting so we can
make sure we get new people and every
time you want I think is somewhat
overrated I movie think is overrated
they live they live is one great scene
know one great thing third act and an
amazing continent it's not a great third
act it's a third act there we don't know
what to do so they're gonna go shoot
some things that's the third finalist
UVA oh yeah I guess some things I don't
know I know that this is now the scene
with the sunglasses amazing hold the
whole premise behind that yeah yeah
amazing yeah yeah never really knows
what to do with it now what do we do I
don't know I guess I guess Roddy Piper
is just gonna punch this guy for an hour
they live has some of the most
compelling filler of any movie they
really know how to stretch that out I I
guess there's a fair argument for that
being overrated I still love it I still
love it please keep in mind overrated
isn't that the same thing as terrible
right I'm the proper definition of
overrated
I think it's as good as bit like think
it is I give it
quite that's I got some flow I got some
issues with this and that overall I like
it gravity with Sandra Bullock is
overrated you ever see that no it's
alright it's an alright movie and I need
to watch a woman floating around in
space for two hours I don't need that my
life I'm in charge a team to ever run a
tight ship here apparently you run in
such a tight ship or out of players come
on we need some players we need some
please gravity's lame yeah it's alright
it's an alright movie I did not hate
watching gravity and I didn't you know
it's no arrival but it's pretty good it
can't wait for you to be forced to watch
Zootopia yeah I think I watched that
with characters you know animated looks
like something she might enjoy is
alright yeah it's alright it's not a
masterpiece
no it's alright that's exactly what
Zootopia is alright it's not the worst
animated movie not the best
yeah I've got some clever things to it
I'm gonna be a joke right
I'm gonna be dr. Jim could stay
and the political overtones in Zootopia
are fine that's it's so it's so like
generic it's like the political
overtones our people should get along
together how that's it that's I wouldn't
even call them political overtones
that's a stretch
cursed walking shoes says Zootopia makes
them horny which is exactly why it is
utopia is uncomfortable to watch because
you know you know what a large number of
people who are watching it what they're
doing right that's always in the back of
your mind you try not to China why did
they make officer Hopps so sexy I'm
trying to watch a little venture the
bunny's going on and not think about the
fact that people are masturbating to the
thought of the cute little bunny right
we're wise punch still that punch
shouldn't be that that's punch but why
that's still punch why
whoa
fucking stop punching why are you
punching you rich you might have broken
my mouth zag if the button functions
it's not my fault it's a binding issue
with it it's not a binding issue I keep
punching I don't know why I'm punching
I'm never touching your stupid game
again don't touch my stupid game again
it's fine everything's gonna be fine
except for I can't lay down my C's use
some prereq funds and buy yourself a new
fucking Mouse Jesus jesus fucking christ
I'm looking forward to the beauty and
the beast' life actually McKay and I
really I like the Beauty and the Beast
animated movie yeah as far as Disney
musicals are concerned I really like
that one of the classics I don't
necessarily see the point in the
live-action remake you have that that
period that Disney revival back in the
90s were you had Beauty had Little
Mermaid Beauty and the Beast Aladdin
that was some good shit yeah and and for
the person of the jazz from the
overrated Disney movies Lion King by far
this is not a popular opinion but I kind
of hate the Lion King
a headline King Simba's annoying his
character growth largely happens off
screen that is true and that is fair the
song I don't like the songs you know
like this I don't like kuma Katara I
what's the circle what do they call the
circle
nothing in there as catchy as like the
songs from Aladdin or Biddy and the
beasts agree oh you know what I'll give
you that listen oh it doesn't it doesn't
rank like top three you know it's under
lad and it's under Beauty and the Beast
it's under the Little Mermaid as far as
I'm concerned
so yeah the remake I just don't
understand I don't understand the point
of it it's that The Jungle Book made
money so and then in the end he just he
just shows back up and beats up the bad
guy so lame I'm just gonna come back and
punch you right just gonna
that's the third act yeah I'm just gonna
come back and punch you now
hey hey man you punched my dad the
wildebeest did that you didn't punch his
dad punched his dad right off the clip
right off the cliff you know for kids ya
know I still like like buting the Beast
is one of my faves
as far as revival Disney musicals are
concerned so I'll probably see the
remake but I don't really care yeah mr.
ball says hey guys I just got gorilla
interrupted slash how not to make a
movie in the mail and love them yeah I
just wanted to say thank you guys for
signing it and my copy of space cop you
guys are great
thanks yeah welcome mr. bros you're
welcome how not to make a movie is great
I'm not to make a movie is great
the last Reyes says evening frauds had
the drive family to the airport and
drive two hours back in the dark but lo
I got to watch the stream on my phone
the whole way isn't technology amazing
sure is here's five dollars for you
thank you for last Ria's for technology
for yet technology giving us five
dollars Thank You unit six oh three
idiots hey rich free watch Richard
Edlund versus his sons and have to ask
are all of my career choices based on
can I use this as an excuse to make rich
Evans act silly
also have you seen samurai cop too
yes all of Mike's major career choices
have been based on making me look silly
he's built the career on it I can't say
it hasn't worked and we've all seen
samurai cop too nobody was especially
impressed
we once you're once you're deliberately
making the bad film we'd listen he
doesn't work he can't you can't do that
that's not what makes them funny we've
been trying to be polite by not saying
anything and people keep asking that's
why I'm sick of hearing about it yeah no
I owe ya
no Matt no what Matt and Matt Hammond
like tweeted he tweeted the picture that
we all took together and was like hey
where are my friends now that now that a
samurai cop - is that where my friends
Adam is like a hammer how about we just
not say anything you know you don't want
us to say anything you want it you want
us to talk about it we'll talk about it
how about that
I mean there we go well I never met him
so I'm against a.m. you never know I was
near that day oh I forgot what was going
on it was out of town visiting Karen or
something when that happened oh okay oh
shit
Matt Hammonds in town or you know my
girl's birthday yeah a must watch list
as far as like all times or last year's
what you talking about a must watch list
is pretty vague from last year you got
to watch a Swiss Army man and a rival
those are great BBB moody says IMDB has
gotten rid of their discussion board
section and I'm wondering how long until
YouTube follows suit by the way does it
help our alumni watching things directly
on the website or YouTube well I don't I
don't think for reviews that matters now
is I think on the website it's just
embedded YouTube videos now oh yeah like
it probably helps them slightly more
getting good YouTube ads are getting
like the website ads but you know listen
it would help them more to become a
patron yes that's if that if you really
want the content if to keep that slowing
that's what is it's kept us going
yeah it's kept us independent when I
need to give a shit right oh yeah and
and you don't need to worry about like
ah oh you know we got to do this you
know what we really need to review this
movie because that's what's gonna bring
it all the fuse in the ad revenue like
right you want yeah if you want the boys
doing their own shit you become a patron
then yeah just do their own shit
comments are important from from a
here's from a business standpoint this
is something that I have I've read
before and I've heard before and
something that I tell customers when we
like make viral content for them is
comments are really powerful as far as
audience and engagement is concerned
yeah
well you know if it's or the same
horrible things but there's obviously a
large number of people who enjoy it oh
well and you know what more so it has it
has a reaction anyone can watch a video
anyone can thumbs up a video but like to
to spend the time to type out something
means you were invested in that video in
some sense even if you hated it you had
some sort of investment in that video
and that is a powerful powerful thing
even if it's negative even if it's a
negative investment that is a powerful
thing fan-like audience engagement is is
really important
none of us knows jack yeah you have kids
yeah how do they react classic Disney
animated films as opposed to CGI and
live-action remakes do the classic
movies still get a reaction from the
young uns oh yeah
no to them you know it's all cartoons
they don't care where their curtains
come from like CG cartoon or hand-drawn
cartoon they just see cartoon and they
love it the only problem with like kind
of classics is a lot of times there's a
pacing issue like a lot of times they
just move slower yeah and so you know
they'll get bored there's not there's
not a funny thing falling down stepping
in the poop bored you know what I was
watching earlier today what intros for
80s kids cartoons and they are the most
absurd and and delightfully wonderful
things and humanoids centurions
fuckin me yeah the premises he could
relatively dark there was one it was a
kids just spiral zone was basically
about zombies yeah would it be okay if I
I'm so subscribe to you guys on Twitch
and gave that amount of money to RL I'm
on patreon you do whatever you want man
you do whatever you want the thing you
should know is previously recorded does
not see any money from the rlm patreon
eighties children entertained it was all
about people trying to kill each other
yeah there was a lot of violence nobody
actually got hurt but they were trying
to kill each other
got hear me I felt great
but yeah if you want to subscribe to the
patreon go ahead go ahead man do you do
whatever you want to do with your own
money you know why it's your money I
can't tell you what to do with that
oh we tried you know what we tried
this is not looking good guys we are not
looking like we are in the best shape we
have three and a half minutes but we
barely got that point
gij well I'll take I'll take the
comic-book GI Joe over the cartoon GI
Joe yeah same with the Ninja Turtles
that I could see pretty pretty
ambivalent about the Teenage Mutant
Ninja Turtles cartoon the classic 80s
one
I hate bebop and Rocksteady I hate silly
shredder tang sure sure Krang the black
and white original Teenage Mutant Ninja
Tomic books yeah they were what a 13
year old thought was hardcore
they they were they were I know I know
that those comics were special when the
shredder got impaled and thrown off of
rough in the first issue yeah
he came back eventually but then he just
got decapitated so those were those were
something special the GI Joe comic books
yeah had a body count jack oh I believe
it
Snake Eyes alone has a body count that
rivals Rambo's oh yeah
shit
it was a TMNT cartoon where it was
closer to the comic books I familiar
with it but I hadn't really seen much of
it yeah that was coming out I was a bit
too old for the the cartoons yeah right
if I knew we're closer and tone to the
comic books maybe I would have checked
it out at the time but didn't know that
much about it sure rebo merhogs says
speaking of being polite
any of you ever worried about your
content or opinions coming into conflict
with potential opportunities it
definitely makes me hesitate to make
some content I want to like like like
what I'm just like example like what's
an example of something an opportunity
we would miss out on because of our
content
oh sure well like you know if you know
like if a movie company said like you
know hey we want to send a red letter
media to the red carpet event and then
they would they watch some of our
content we're like 9/11 and they go well
we don't want to be associated with them
so we're not gonna invite them to a red
carpet event where they get to meet the
stars I I think we are happier being
ourselves yeah
all right I think that's gonna be it
all right it's pretty late sorry about
the late start everyone my fault but
that's okay because we went like an hour
later than we normally went so you know
kind of it all kind of works out you
guys play some overwatch we don't get to
play overwatch very often I really liked
this this was a this was a perfect day
off for me
he catches up with my garbage CW shows
all day playing overwatch all night
gorgeous just gorgeous that's what I get
for him for some for long hours of
editing over the over the past week not
just no not just our episode I had
really fun
I had a really fun corporate project
that I got done with recently and like
the the project itself wasn't anything
very special it was for like this event
that they were having and they they
wanted to make like a James Bond parody
hm
and so like they wrote up a little
script they wrote up a script that they
gave me to a via PowerPoint presentation
by the way so I had to actually write it
in script format but you know just this
little like James Bond parody and it was
filled with like little corporate e
inside jokes like oh you know this scene
we need to make sure the character is
called David who who takes the cookies
because there's this David in the office
and he's known for that it'll take the
cookies right out of that stuff like
that but so like the humor wasn't really
fun like yeah and like it was a short
shoot like we had to really run and
gunning but I rarely ever get to shoot
and edit narrative stuff anymore yeah
you know it's the stuff we do I do a lot
of montage work commercial work that's
not necessarily like a story no more
cock gun for you oh I want cock gun to
cock harder is constantly in
pre-production but so this was a
narrative because you know there was a
James Bond inside like it had a little
it had a little narrative story to it
and so like planning out the shoot
shooting and editing a narrative piece
was really fun they they really liked it
you know obviously it was it wasn't it's
not going to be oscar-worthy or anything
like that but it was just need to it's
always fun to shoot something different
I like doing different stuff so anyway
that's it that's all I got that's all I
got so I'll broken son of cock gun no
it'll be good cat gun to poop I think
you know what I think I actually have I
started scripts for a poop again sequel
someone somewhere like in my script
archive is a half completed script for a
poop again sequel because I love poop
again to my stupid stupid things that I
make oh it's not
that's why great alright this is the
point in the stream where we read the
names of the people who subscribe during
the stream is true uncool eight-man 28
fucking months in a row says I can't
believe you made me wait on my 20th 28th
anniversary Jack I'm so sorry I'm
kool-aid man that was my fault
completely
NOLA hecka 32 fucking months a neurosis
32 months and you finally got a third
camera angle I'm taking full credit for
that one Mazel Tov hopefully everyone
appreciated our wide shot Moki p85 32
fucking months a neurosis four months
away from three year anniversary and
maybe something more than fucking
hashtag commitment issues yeah we'll
have to see you we'll have to see what
happens when we get there Steve the
ghost says I watched Amy Adams talk to
squids for two hours I liked as you
should have as you should have died
Glock 22 fucking months in a row or D
Glock I guess some could be German D
donkey dick Loki
Goose history vice versa man Oh
vice versa man says please don't read my
name out loud my life may depend on
chica MooMoo ragged scribe for 19 months
in a row touch football fighting for 23
fucking months in a row Harald fairhair
BBB moody Theodore J hooker 30 fucking
months a neurosis whooped
Cerie chen 12 months a neurosis happy
and a versa
sorry that joke took 12 months in the
making
i hope it was as good for you as it was
for me
slow burns theory that's a slow burn
that's a penny profile plus Rob Thrasher
says screw the new game coming out play
another text adventure you hacked frauds
it's been a while since we played a text
adventure miss toots says yeah 2 months
been watching forever and I just have to
say that Jesus Christ shut up hearty
streams are some of the funniest that's
not what our comments seem to indicate
guys lol 7th my guest
stick man grit for 25 fucking months in
a row Mike chase gaming Darth Vega snow
Sasha the smallkiwi em tilt says thanks
for the entertainment - thanks for also
being enthusiastic about space research
it is gratifying as an astronomer it's
exciting shit it's fun to think about
what will happen after we die maybe we
can be old men and see the start of
something I just I just want to see
Beetlejuice go Nova I blow up that'd be
great that happened in my lifetime jack
it could happen at any moment you know I
suppose beetlejuice if you don't know
it's like the brightest star in the
Orion constellation and it's supposedly
ripe for going Nova and that would
probably make a spectacular night sky
for a couple weeks
let's see here Ram Oh eight eight nine
I'd also be sad to see it go though I
mean I'm very fond of Iran that's a big
one that's that's one that you can
easily spot yeah yeah Orion's belt Jay
Reid two one one two observer Tron 9000
la les les banana says I survived the
pregnancy because Liz banana just
subscribe for nine double legs
Devastator says love the show I come for
the rich but stay for the Jack Jack I'm
a family man myself love to see you do
more of a kids show think you'd be great
at it haven x2c dark takus says new
Triple A game releases question mark
they are breaking new ground HP valence
star killer sanitation says love you
guys Zeno trope 31 fucking months a
neurosis
we're gonna build an interstellar
spaceship and we're gonna make lv-426
pay for it fail spin we can't wait for
the Mormons to build their intergalactic
spaceship who's watching the expanse
make sure they're all on it the Mormons
are a surprisingly large part of the
expanse TV show yeah because you know
they think that they were supposed to go
to a separate planet yeah that's what
their religion things and so
in the future they've gone to a separate
class like there they're building their
spaceship it's it's actually like a big
plot point the bride the more moms and
it's great cried alberene twenty-eight
fucking months a neurosis hey guy
sorry I missed last week but it's tax
time again still holding out hope for an
elite dangerous stream or for you to
play my Zek and wiki donation for we
from like 2014 you Fox peace and long
life yep peace and long life
rapping while capping gern now m4 22
fucking months in a row k gas sticky
Chakotay has culture says out of
curiosity have any of you seen a Serbian
film no I think that's the one that Jay
was talking about that's ultra
disturbing oh yeah that's the one that
features like love Jay likes it is
probably ultra disturbed no Jay said it
was too disturbing for him oh my god yes
and and he hasn't seen it he's just like
heard about what's in it like I didn't
think anything short of an actual snuff
film could produce that reaction from
Jay thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
well apparently if you watch the movie
