Episode 735
We Wait for Berserk
March 21, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H3x7YhGNDfk
___________________________________________

anyway yeah that's asked you know what
that's fine okay oh my god we got
nothing on the screen it's true cuz
we're downloading a game and apparently
this is a large game and we did not end
his bigger bigger than we thought this
is much much bigger than we thought it
would be it's like a it's like a dynasty
Warriors clone why would that need to be
huge right I don't know I don't know hi
everyone welcome so we're gonna start
probably because there's like a hundred
and twenty meds worth of anime cutscenes
that's actually probably why the
download size is so that's exactly they
gotta be they're gonna be high def anime
cutscenes 112 these cutscenes that I'm
going to skip as soon as I possibly can
so how embarrassing for them yeah we do
we have other rate we get in trouble if
we showed that video you just showed me
cuz they're not gonna know what the hell
we're talkin about
oh yeah we comprise your that yeah yeah
let me get that back up here we so we
just watched this this thing here
yeah oh darn it waiting for objectified
the thing that we just flashed over here
bill paxton past that's true I saw that
we have the way to watch advertisement
first Bill Paxton
Bill Paxton has passed here's my
question them yeah it's best the worst
first right who cuz who was a prince it
was pre me killed Prince yeah and now we
have killed Bill Paxton there were
someone else too I want to say alright
it might be the variable might be there
was someone else so that I think the
question is then who should we talk
about next episode let me get this up on
screen for you guys
Shep who should we talk about on the
next best of the worst
Oh Carrie Fisher well but we just talked
about her in general okay hey so watch
this video do we talk about our best of
the worst though that's the question I
think we're just talking about celebrity
deaths in an episode
I think Carrie Fisher died like the day
after it went up oh that could be that
could be oh yeah I don't know that we
mentioned her said I was during
Christmas or crocodile we were doing it
in memoriam yeah yeah yeah I think I
think they have to be an actor though
well no his Prince wasn't lady was in
Purple Rain he wasn't an actor so I
guess it could be any celebrity any
celebrity okay so really quickly this
videos gonna play in the background this
video Kay came to my attention on Sina
today the the CNET writer is not pleased
with the kickstand on the switch and so
he put together this little video
showing that if you attempt to push
something over you can in fact push that
thing over and so it's a little video
that he put up and that's it so that
this is a switch and so you can you
could put a little stand on there no
come please then the stand pulls out of
a switch and
this person's point that you are
disagreeing with even though you've not
had a switch in your hands around the
table right is that this video was
bullshit the the point is that the way
in which he is trying to show that the
switch falls over a lot does not meet my
standards this is this is just he is
pushing it over over and over again
that's all he's doing this is the
dumbest thing to bitch about who is
going to use the switches kickstand I
might for what if you're out and about
and there is a table nearby you set it
up on the table and then you can you
know sit back and watch the table switch
is a hybrid console / handheld yeah if
I'm gonna be using it 99% of the time
it's probably I imagine for me going to
be on a TV at which point I don't care
about the fucking stand if I'm gonna be
using it on the go uh-huh I'm gonna be
using it in my hands so once it once
again who cares about the fucking Stan
keyboard oh sure but I I could see there
being a situation like the Nintendo
themselves have have already said that
or the example that Nintendo gave during
their advertisements were like let's say
you're on an aeroplane yeah and you have
a long flight and you want to play the
switch the whole flight no matter I'm
gonna have it in my hand yeah but that
gets fatiguing any handheld any weight
in your hand or you can set it up on the
little thing on the airplane table
what's the airplane table called
probably just a fold-down table if I
just yeah you can you can play it on the
fold down table so like it's a good
option to have the kickstand that looks
good like any everywhere every waking
minute I'm on a plane my hands are gonna
be gripping the seat worrying about my
inevitable doom once this thing crashes
in a flaming heap that's how my time is
spent on airplane yeah
so I someone asked if I made a video
response yeah that and and I did and my
my video response
[Laughter]
this is uh I tweeted this out taya
Tyrone Rodriguez who makes the binding
of issac I said look at how easily this
chair falls over for design that's my
video response to the switches so ya
know like this which by the way and it
might be I'm not saying it's not flimsy
what I'm saying is like his video is
look how crazy it is I'm going to push
it over yeah yeah so that kickstand
could be dumb
it could be useless it could be flimsy
but like his like proof video was
pushing it over yeah you know like of
course of course if you push it over
what are they playing we're playing
berserk we're playing better condone
moded yet so we're just talking about
stuff it's about 57% downloaded 1553 I'm
gonna say 53% downloading yeah we still
have a while 9 9 of 16 gigabytes
downloaded Jesus Christ damned anime
darn anime Jack's to hold the chair from
his kids school that's just my chair man
that's just my chair the switch is a
child's toy that costs over $300 of
course it falling down is going to be a
concern yeah why would you give a $300
toy d your kids in the first place
number one no the DS it can be construed
as a child's toy and that is meant to be
hauled around really like the 2 DS is
more the Chancellor because that's the
really cheap one so here's something I
never really thought about how heavy is
this damn thing gonna be we can look
that up it just might be a terrible
handheld in general yeah I mean if I am
gonna play a handheld I'm not gonna want
to put it out of sass stand and said
part of it down at a little table table
words you know you're sitting too far
away for the screen to be big enough if
I'm gonna be playing a handheld venable
playing anything on the go I'm probably
gonna want it and just want it
my hands like I don't care how good the
stand is that's gonna be a relatively
tiny screen when it's sitting you know
three or four feet away from you yeah
that's true so you're gonna want it in
your hands and if this thing is heavy
it's just going to be a bad handheld
yeah so by the way this looks to be
lighter than the 3dsxl all right all
right which is shocking but how do you
convert Anson's to pounds 16 ounces
supposedly less than a pound for the
switch oh well this is considerably yeah
yeah this is ten point four eight ounces
a pound is 16 ounces right and so
according to this random person on a
game fax message board this could be
tracked information well why are you
going to a random game fax this was
before this was the first one that I
came across it's it's it's confirmed by
a different random person on a game fax
mr. Borden less than half a pound oh
sure knowing and you know what but
that's anything like if you're reading a
book if you have a Kindle device if you
hold it for too long it can be fatiguing
so the idea to put it that's without the
attached to by the way it's considerably
more with with them attached so using it
as a handheld they're probably going to
be attached hold on three three ninety
and I don't even I don't even trust
these numbers Ram this is a some random
fucking post on a game fax message board
that's that's that's that's just poor
shim okay horseshit you know what then I
will look for an official Nintendo
let's just go to Nintendo you know here
do you guys want to see what I'm
googling we shouldn't Google anything
too weird
let's just go to Nintendo let's just go
to Nintendo googling Nintendo boom
nintendo.com slash switch and I bet they
have a stat sheet right here rich stat
sheet
okay stat sheet freedom to play whatever
how much does an Xbox 360 controller way
that's a good question that's it you
know what that's a good question you
know we don't have a scale on a sandwich
don't fuck it skill there you go that's
what I'm saying
here we go fact sheet this is not very
this is not very good fact sheet that's
the first thing when you came up just
googling how heavy is the Nintendo
squinch I tried doing that before and I
got to the random website okay okay do
you need to switch you don't need
anything man you don't need nothing you
don't need nothing motherfucker you need
food and you need a roof over your head
we're talking about the things we want
shit I've seen the official specs it's
there maybe look from the press event
[Music]
and again there they're gonna want the
sound light maybe Nintendo's official
measurement it's like you know without
the case the circuit board waits without
a screen or a circuit board without a
screen horse circuit board no they
wouldn't do that what I mean they work
I'm sure but all right that perhaps
Amazon would have the appropriate
product details because Amazon is
usually pretty usually they are nothing
less dimensions they usually list
wait-wait-wait-wait product description
there you go right there duck dimensions
three point eight pounds that could be
packaging so that's probably so this is
not this is not necessarily helpful not
necessarily helpful are are they're
removable batteries does the switch take
like
it's gonna it's Oh God
no there's not removable batteries ok 2
9 7 grams console only but how that's
what people are saying online well the
council if you're gonna use it as a
handheld the console only is completely
fucking meaningless right let's go
unless you want to be stirring at a tiny
screen very tiny screen that's feet in
front of your face which I don't think
anybody does
right so you're probably most handheld
use is gonna be with the damn
controllers attached oh yeah oh yeah
don't forget about the I mean yeah I
seen it has a scene it has a thing but
can we really trust CNET think about
that of course we can we can trust
anyone okay multiplayer why five this is
this is a ton of information none of it
what we're looking for
well you might plan for the worst case
scenario so the measurements you can
trust yeah are like the Sony's estimates
for how much the switch weighs make sure
is what 37 pounds right the switch unit
weight here we go this has polygon seems
to have some some useful information
Thank You polygon Oh Jack what does that
thank that I'm remember oh Jesus
yeah that's it great all right okay
let's see where we go polygons this is
what we do when we forget to download
the game earlier well we're used to
things downloading fast here okay this
is just large it's significantly larger
than most things we end up downloading
so rich according to polygon uh-huh if
both joy cons are attached total weight
is 14.04 ounces close to a pound
what's that heavy the coastal found is
not that heavy not that heavy we're
we're sure where's the treasure I don't
know I don't know let me sum it up the
switch is bullshit that will only sound
too hardcore need an offense I depends
depends on a lot of things depends on
the amount of games that come to it
depends on whether or not Nintendo
decides to continue their own handheld
market if for example the switch kind of
merged the the DS and the Nintendo
console into one Nintendo has not said
that they are replacing the DES with the
switch and they haven't not said it you
know but if all of a sudden the next
wave of handheld games also comes out on
the switch including you know your fire
emblems your pokemons
all of the shit that people buy the ds4
people will gobble up the switch with
fervor
so why are you not just running a chat
watcher for crying out loud what are you
trying to do I'm dealing with touchpad
nonsense that's what I'm doing there we
go hey there we go they a fervor right
that's a word is fervor a word yeah word
fervor is a word but then again I said
illegible when I meant in ineligible so
what do I know
well you take my word for that I've you
know word fuck is wrong when you don't
always say them correctly but you know
them ya know and you know what the thing
I'm most I'm most nervous and excited
about like the thing I'm most interested
in is getting my hands on those Joey
Kahn controllers is this something that
is going to feel good to play games on
right we don't know anonymous says I'm
going in reverse because they're on top
of what we've been talking about none of
us says I'm more worried about how
cramped and tiny it looks a cramped and
tiny yeah so I like playing like this
I'm only interested in it as a fucking
console so right and you know I know
that it is larger than the Vita and I
play games on the Vita all the time and
that works like gangbusters as far as
I'm concerned so I'm less worried about
that all I care about is Pokemon if it
aint got no Pokemon I don't give a shit
I think that's gonna be a lot of
people's feelings and when the next
Pokemon game is announced if it's on the
switch boom you got yourself but you got
yourself a hot seller Zelda Mario know
if it's really good Zola and I really
good Mario might be worth the price at
the end of the day it's what matters I
guess I wish they would give up and just
make software make life so much easier
and everybody you know I don't you
wouldn't have to worry about what what
kind of bizarre stupid Hardware gimmick
they're gonna shove in their next new
gaming console he will only be able to
play with your teeth
the bite sensitivity on this console
it's far it's far beyond anyone elses
bite sensitivity rich their selling
point the most immersive pac-man game
ever made I love it
I love all right yes oh and you are
noticing yes my couch the couch that I'm
sitting on does have an arm construction
on the couch it came and actually I'm
just seeing in our camera now that we're
having a bit of an opposite effect so
before the couch was really low and the
chair was really high so even though I
am taller than rich he appeared taller
than me now I seem to be significantly
taller than rich but our camera might
just be off kilter but they're basically
the innovators rich they haven't had a
worthwhile innovation since the analog
stick which was like 25 fucking years
ago that's a you know what that's a
great one though that's a great washer
gotta give it sure got to give it to him
on that analog stick rich yeah I love
all that analog stick ruin shooters well
they didn't do that they gave it to
Mario so he could run really really glad
that analog stick existed so shooters
could be fucking ruined right no you
know what let me tell you the last time
that I've played a really good game with
motion control yeah oh you know what
that we bowling game was really fun you
know and to be fair there was a lot of
neat games on the DS with a little
touchscreen you know you - like right on
the touch screen and play with stuff I
know for the what was it who's the first
one to do it the Zelda and the Spirit
Tracks or one of the Zelda games had a
like like a little notebook feature
mm-hmm and so you could like open up
your notebook and like circle an area on
a map and say oh this was an area that I
want to go to later once I find the
right key and then you know oh I found
the thing that I can where where was
that thing that the hammer could open oh
this was the
thing that the hammer could open that
was really neat I like that note-taking
ability apparently there's also a very
similar thing in the binding of issac
before the DS and for the Wii U where
you can like take a little notes hmm
neat I think that's neat why are okay
rich really important question why
aren't you frauds watching the Oscars
cuz I don't give a shit what a committee
thinks is the movie that I'm supposed to
think is the best movie yep maybe it's
not the movie I think is the best movie
maybe I don't care what that's stupid
too many things maybe I don't care if
everyone in LA wants to get together and
masturbate each other for a few hours
maybe I don't give a shit about that I
don't need to watch a two-hour program
to know that la-la-land is going to win
the Best Picture because it is a picture
nominated for the Oscar that is also
about being in the entertainment
industry if you have a movie that is
nominated for Best Picture that is also
about being in the moviemaking business
it will win it always wins and then we
need to drag this out over like what is
it two and a half hours or whatever
three the fucking list no all the stars
are coming out rich they're all coming
it's gender blur can walk on stage think
about five people before they rush her
off as crazy as work my fucking time oh
sorry thank you spank your mother yep
yep listen it's it's a it's a it's a
self yeah I mean listen of course it's
it's masturbation but hey what are you
gonna do we're gonna not pay attention
to it the spectacle the Stars the the
outfits rich you get to see what people
what outfits they're wearing oh lauding
and tomorrow after lala land wins
there's going to be like there's there's
already 100 articles tomorrow after Long
Island wins there will be 8,000 articles
saying why moonlight should have won and
that's going to be the entirety of the
internet for an entire week moon lights
was robbed
I thought it was kind of boring I
haven't seen it moving light yeah that
was kind of boring it's not my movie
great at Murray you know what great
acting I'm very sorry really kind of
interesting story great acting okay I
need a wonderful fast actor actress but
I throw it a bone but but for our Best
Original Screenplay that's what they
usually give the one that's not that
doesn't win the Oscar yeah
Best Screenplay thank on Jen says woo
lads who just started watching the
expense on Jack's recommendation the
expanse yes I think Jack would like
midnight diner an anthology series about
food and people in a seedy part of Tokyo
it's got a great acting that obviously
wasn't a reference to moonlight because
he made that midnight midnight diner you
know what I'm writing that down right
here Humbert don't cabbage fences
evening gents anyone see get out yet I
loved it would recommend oh I've heard
nothing but good things about get out do
you ever did you ever watch key and
Peele I know who they are one of them
the littler I've seen some of their
skits I've never seen like a full
episode peel Jordan Peele yeah one of
the shorter one has written and might
have directed his own horror movie
called get out right and it is killing
it at the box office I've heard nothing
but good things good for him I like and
I'm super excited to see it I love his
work and if you've ever watched any of
their sketches all of their sketches are
incredibly cinematics what's the premise
of get out I have no idea okay okay I
have no idea but I've heard nothing but
good things and I know like what a movie
nerd he is and so it's like I'm super
excited to see it just didn't get I did
not get out this weekend but everyone
else did it's killing it at the box
office but that was great I'm sure
it's a comedy horror great Franks
wheezes just got a 3d printer and I'm
having fun with it what are your
thoughts on 3d printers they're
fantastic devices it's the wave of the
future it's it's there it's wonderful
the future of piracy
you couldn't download a car oh really
download those todd mcfarlane action
figures that's true I'm gonna get me
some free spawns yeah okay key & peele
sketches were made by the guys who do
lasagna Cadden I know fatal farm I've
seen like lasagna cat is apparently the
thing that's been making a big splash on
the internet lately 3d printers are
great for printing out 4k models for TK
models yeah more hammer yeah there you
go
the future of piracy no they it looks
fantastic I know like a ton of people we
have a 3d printer in town at our
makerspace edit you can use you know for
free if you just feel like it because
they're they want people to you know
come into the makerspace
and it's some of the most fantastic you
know cheap way to prototype products
it's cheap way to get replacement Lego
parts right I need something I need some
replacement of Lego pants you just make
yourself some whole Lego kids Jack right
it's the future the future future no
lasagna cat is like a web series and
it's it's a weird web series made by
this company called fatal farm who has
made some great stuff in the past here's
the question yeah can you use a 3d
printer to build a 3d printer probably
not as a 3d printer printer right now
only works with plastics and an actual
3d printer you don't they don't they
make circuit board printers you there's
one part of the 3d printer that you
couldn't make okay the 3d printer and
that is the element that heats up the
material
okay okay because then it would just
melt under its own weight right because
that's that your your your you're on the
verge of like a Star Trek future there
where everybody has replicators and that
takes care of all of your needs right
it's pretty neat because you got imagine
there's replicators that make
replicators and it's all just a circle
now anyone can have anything oh my god
but they'd still be an energy like an
there's still an energy cost right we
just throw something you just throw a
rock in there and then it breaks that
down into energy and it uses that energy
dirt is the biggest commodity in the
future and they need earth is running
out of dirt to throw into replicators
just it just needs something transform
that and it just need something to
convert into energy I love it
they have multiple materials like I'm
sure I'm sure in the future of Star Trek
like the moon is just getting a lot
smaller give them way about mu drugs or
asteroid farming not for the precious
metal but just for the dirt dirt on the
asteroid give it to us that's great
apparently I saw in the chat there are
different material 3d printers yeah most
commonly the 3d printers we know use
plastics okay okay look once you can
just start manufacturing your own 3d
printers right with with a number of
different printers once once and then
you're onto something about
approximately 10 to 12 minutes on
berserk download 10 to 12 minutes on the
jerk download you know the the biggest
thing would be would be any any sort of
like the big the bigger jump in Star
Trek technology will be some sort of
Soylent product any any sort of food
product that is easily accessible that
they could shape into
other food products that's what we need
right you got it wrong they use
antimatter I know I'm having fun with
the thought of a replicator based
economy right cuz in theory you can this
is replicator is kind of similar to a
transporter you could break down normal
matter into energy okay and you use that
energy she knows like so why not break
anything
you think dirt would be just as valid a
power source in Star Trek as long as its
carbon right like that's all you me
that's all you need is the molecules
yeah the question is where do you think
you need the molecules they just flat
out turn it all into energy and straight
up energy I don't know how Star Trek
works that's a you question
let's see you and Mike question no I do
not drink Soylent I've heard horror
stories and I like food in general but
that's the real future Soylent any any
if we can start getting food to people
easily and efficiently and cheaply we're
done we're just done as a people no one
will care about anything anymore
all right um captain blue 42 says an
honor of Phil Paxton was your favorite
movie role of his and regarding the
switch do you think Nintendo may be
transitioning to being a mobile only
developer would that be a bad thing uh
aliens game game over man he's great in
that he's great effort like I I
definitely have a soft spot in my heart
for twister do you remember him in True
Lies as the pretend spy oh I haven't
seen that I think since it was in the
theater so that there's begley familiar
yeah he's like this seedy used-car
salesman that is wooing our Jamie Lee
Curtis and pretending to be a spy and I
was like oh man I'm just a piece of shit
man
don't hit me man I'm crap I got a tiny
penis he's great in that he's great in
James Cameron liked him simple packs
who doesn't like Bill Paxton I'm saying
that James Cameron especially so Haley
aliens yeah
terminator yeah true lies Titanic yeah
yeah did they stick him in Avatar
anywhere I know you haven't seen it he
was fantastic in edge of tomorrow okay
he was like he was just a straight-up
ornery drill sergeant yeah fantastic
you haven't seen him in agents of shield
no I have not but he played this ongoing
character for a little bit again kind of
an old-school soldier and one of the
greatest character exits in recent
memory like he gained superpowers yeah
and the defense they eventually defeated
him and they thought he was dead but
then he like rises from the dead and
like this grand moment and Agent Coulson
is just sitting there waiting for him
and shoots him in the head again he's
just great and everything he's great man
weird science he was Chet you can't
forget about he was a giant poop monster
near near dark he was one of the
vampires he was good in your dark but
he's good and he was good and everything
he was in right Ryan your dark is good
it's really good it's a gritty vampire
movie not a a gothic sensual vampire
movie just just vagabonds who need to
drink blood to stay alive then I have a
home near dark is great Bill Paxton did
not die in predator he died in predator
to the he has the distinct honor of
being one of one of two actors who has
been killed by the Terminator a
xenomorph he he was a cop in termina in
a predator too so he has he has a very
very distinct honor I say they call me
at the manhole the giant poop monster I
mean like he's just he's one of those
actors that has been around forever and
just a working
sir forever right he Pullman or Paxton
is the classic game and and he was great
and everything I I have no like I have
no special love for him besides him just
being great and everything like it
didn't break my heart hearing the news
of his death today but the chance saying
Lance Henriksen yeah he's one of two
actors
what if oh-oh-oh he was one of two
actors who has been killed I didn't
catch the two Prague or and I might have
said one of a few actors but he was in
predator two - then I'm assuming Lance
Hendricks yeah I don't know who it is
off of the top of my head a bishop in
aliens the face is not I've seen one of
the detectives in Terminator one of the
detectives yeah he was originally gonna
play The Terminator oh yeah yeah you
know what I can do because we're waiting
for this to download I can't see his
face it would have been a very different
Terminator but it still would have
worked I can't uh oh
sure that guy oh oh a predator - but he
was in alien versus Predator yeah that
makes that makes sense but I don't
remember how he died an alien versus
Predator I guess it was a predator I had
to vent this guy killed by yeah okay I
know him more importantly it's this guy
this is the face everyone knows yeah
hold on let's wait for that's clear
there is that's the face everyone knows
I know that face I would have never I
you know I'm terrible with names I never
would have remembered that name but how
slow is our download speed fucking right
five minutes five minutes - berserk five
minutes everyone this is your five
minute berserk warning Paxton was the
blue haired Punk and yes that's correct
yeah he's great he was great and
everything listen did you see like storm
chasers today were spelling out BP with
their GPS tracking satellites because of
his fucking twister
oh you know what movie I feel I've never
seen twister because it sounds so
fucking dumb it is and it's great it's
dumb and great I love I love twister
genuinely but I love that kind of
schlock i unyk lee love schlock you know
what a lot of people are forgetting
Paxton for a simple plan people in the
chat if mention it by the way chat
you're on it
simple plan who it's a it's Sam Raimi
Sam Raimi directed Billy Bob Thornton
Bill Paxton like small little dopey
crime caper and it's great it's it's
basic it's basically a like of mice and
men version of a crime caper and it's
really it's a really good movie renegade
and Kieran the Chad yeah this is saying
something I thought I had no no hello
night tonight Jack and I saw a hollow
night yeah I had the same reaction I'm
like oh this is Jack written all over it
yeah hollow night is a 2d kind of
Metroidvania platformer and what did you
have to say about holiday hey I was
absolutely flabbergasted it could just
be a full-power horror holidays I think
Sam we already got it set up it could it
could just be that I am slightly burnt
out on 2d platformers yeah but I saw
this and it does like it does look like
something that would be right up my
alley here hold on I get this up here it
absolutely looks like something that
would just work make it fullscreen it
will be cut off if you take fullscreen I
don't know they'll see it
oh yeah oh yeah part of it will be cut
off there that's fine they're just gonna
get the gist of it so it's all because
of the download because we're
downloading right now alright anyway
it's a very Jack looking game it's a
very Jack looking game you know just
good how about some still images can we
see those Starkiller 1633 says Wow
how long it looks just like Helldivers
so it's like a Metroidvania action
platformer and I don't know you know
it's maybe it's the art style maybe it's
the character like look at that
character that doesn't really speak to
me it just does not speak to me and it
might be a great game but I've been
playing like a low boy recently and I'm
just kind of done I'm just kind of done
man then you know dessert was in our it
was also in our steam recommendations
you know because we had recently clay
Fanny party say hey these these guys
love anime these guys love anime let's
get berserk on their wish list that's
the thing like salt and sanctuary at
least had a little something different
to it had the Dark Souls twist to it
that I'm excited actually Sultan the
people who made Sultan Sanctuary said
that they are they're still working on a
video part which I would love I'd love a
Vita port I'd love to play that on the
go Sultan sanctuary I think I played a
lot more if I could play it on the go
we're almost done I'm going to I'm gonna
go grab a beverage okay and
and and then we're gonna we're gonna
play a game so I'm just gonna leave you
you do thank you for a moment Nana says
this next console was for the dentist
out there remember way bad that the joke
about the console and then don't give it
good you play with your teeth meds and
references references reference to the
thing the thing