Episode 741
Zupia: Breath of the Wild
April 7, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ErCbEYwHKtQ
___________________________________________

hey all right hey let's Zelda this
motherfucker up first four hours of with
with significant other
I'm a terrible idea first flower sniffer
clippers I know there's four hours of
life edition wife edition here we go
there we go yeah mmm I'm going to
continue my game
from mi which I would presume to be
Michigan no says yo Jack and rich I
released my game the abomination on each
dot IO am was hoping to get your
permission to mention it in the chat I
promise I won't spam thanks for what you
do
lol love my ape go go ahead and know
what save once say it once that's fine
heads up for the chat now but you know
you realized that at people in our
chatter you are usually like rich and I
and we're dickheads now are you gonna
how are you gonna feel if you find out
it's like a pro white supremacist game
right and right well I guess that's what
I'm saying is most of the people in our
chat are like critical dickhead up
everybody who doesn't look like him
because there the abomination well you
know I'd like to hope that our chat
would call them out on that they plays
game and they'd say hey man you're a
dickhead for making a game alright so
what's going on here hey Zelda this is
my save and I am currently I'm trying to
get to where is it and can we see it
from here where's the temple at there's
a temple over there that I need to get
to and oh there's the bridge
and so this is it's just kind of like
any other Zelda game you can oh wait
here we go
if you time it right you can make Linc
frolic so like if you see here when he
jumps he kind of jump with one leg
forward are you ready for a link to
frolic yeah it's a pretty massive skip I
gotta give Linc credit for that and he's
got some some sweet some sweet hang time
and that's oh ya know he's been he's
been working his quads like a lot of
squats but look at that's like oh this
frame rate is much closer to 30 than it
is on my Wii U so someone someone just
benchmarked and they actually say that
the Wii U gets more consistently 30
frames per second than the switch I'm
not shocked I I have noticed during some
like three madlyn battles some
significant hiccups the Wii U is HD
right yeah we use HD HD are they bright
I think playing the games the same
resolution I don't know okay what's it
well that's what that is oh you know
something funny so that guy just shot an
arrow at me and look I can go and pick
it up but I can I can see the window I'm
gonna farm arrows from this guy okay I
can I can see the switch making a lot of
compromises to be a handheld it's a to
be super thin and also I think super cup
you know you can't you can't do both
it's like all these free arrows of this
guy's giving me home okay arrows are a
resource that are kind of least early
very early on yeah hard to find but like
you can after you fire an arrow you can
pick it up okay he's out he's out of
arrows he's no longer giving the arrow
so I'm gonna kill him now sure once you
hit an enemy with that arrow it's gone
yeah it's 720 I'm tablet mode so it
drops less frames when it's docked to
the TV it's 900 P so it's harder says
Sri Chen maybe he goes 720 in the
you well the question is would you
rather have the resolution frame rate
it's the question the the question is
the answer is always frame rate always
okay as far as I'm concerned should we
get a Wii U version to compare it to
maybe the answer is maybe the really
it's the it's if we have significant
enough problems when do you get a horsey
a horsey
I don't know do you have a horse yet I'm
not in a spot where I can use a me Bo's
but I actually bought the smash brothers
link amiibo because you can get epona
yeah one time only one time and you have
to keep it alive because you can only
get it once in your game right okay so I
also I don't have good equipment for
going up this mountain so I'm hoping I
can just rush it you have anything you
can do about the cold no not that I know
of so I'm just gonna try to rush it
see if I can like oh god I'm done like
half a heart already
shit this seems like a poor solution to
your problems
yeah this is basically how they gate off
areas you can walk technically you could
do it but you're you're slowly losing
health yeah I don't have the right gear
right and and I also don't necessarily
know how to get the right gear right I
have barely played this at all so far
cuz it took me a while to track down a
fucking pro controller yeah talk about
that later
oh Jesus but it seems pretty open
it seems yeah a lot of games that take
place in the wilderness it feels like
you're walking through a series of tubes
like Firewatch oh that this mountains is
mountains everywhere and I can only walk
along this one pet yeah
I'm not I'm not getting that quite so
much from this you could've ate
something to get more health I didn't
have anything left to eat how come so I
need to figure out it I need to figure
out another solution
there's no almost no stopping you from
going anywhere after this tutorial right
yeah these these like first four
dungeons are the tutorial where does the
tutorial officially begin an end what
counts is the tutorial dang its first
four Genji dungeon oh shit look at this
I guess I'm full health yeah I'm full
health and I'm halfway up the mountain
got you sucka
yeah cuz after the for dungeons you get
your glider so I think you can kind of
go anywhere cooking hot meals helps with
the cold yeah but I don't have anything
to cook with I don't have any fire
you're not gonna make it Jack you never
gonna make it no I got health stuff
you gotta fall off the fucking mountain
no no I'm fine
how'd you get your stamina back huh did
you get your stamina back no no now you
lucky soft bitch
absolutely Oh ay have some apples is
that a hot pepper down there what some
thing you got night off
this pepper is exploding spice cook it
to create dishes that will raise your
body temperature and help you withstand
the cold well shit I guess I did have
shroom
eat that mushroom and great let's hope
this the tub the temple isn't cold or
else I'm totally fucked
this is a cold temple I'm fucked dis
Ling shit in this game not that I'm
aware of
I'm not aware of any any sort of
defecation they have not taken survival
that farm no and it's it's not like you
need to eat to like it's not like you
lose health just by standing around that
I know of all right I suppose you could
but you just lose health in battles but
you know what fighting has been pretty
challenging the the mob lots are some of
them are are an actual like threat which
is fun so here's one thing so this is I
want to say this is the last temple I
need to get before the tutorial and they
really front load you with all of your
powers III so far I have a magnum looks
really neat where's my powers so I have
magnet powers I have time stopping
powers I have square bombs and I have
round bombs and and a bow and arrow and
a sword like you get all your shit right
up front I'm sure there's gonna be more
shit but remember how much fun it was to
be forced to eat in GTA san andreas and
GTA 4 you had to eat since so much time
they were so generous with it oh please
it was nothing
it was nothing I would not like it if if
they forced me to eat you know just to
stay alive oh sorry chan I know to only
get epona when I get register I read
about that create a pillar of ice from a
water surface cuz the amoeba will get
you a pona
just the once so you need did if you
really want to keep it you need to be I
know you need to be near a stable or
something where you can register it or
save it or whatever it is okay so okay
let's see what this power does like I
never even came close to starving to
death in San Andreas like that was never
a thing boo boo boo boo boo boom I did
it unless you played some got a weird
edition where you needed to eat every
five minutes but I I don't remember ever
thinking jeez I really really need food
does having to make food to prepare for
extreme environments get tedious that's
a good question I haven't played this
game enough to really know honestly so
you got a new power that makes platforms
for you that makes ice platforms for ya
only on water I wonder if you lose half
the shit after the tutorial oh I wonder
I hope not maybe it's a little a little
Metroid II we're gonna start with all
your power hint of what do you get that
could be completely wrong if you just
get them yeah I figured it out now you
can only make the box on the water so
that's what you got to do right there
I gotta figure it out or chancing know
so we just keep this stuff you're golden
jack really
that's kind of crazy but you know we're
taking it as it is look at these cool
guys have you run into these guys yet I
love these guys
you need that shit to go all the places
out of order mm-hmm oh no Ganon stole
all your shit right after the story all
right well like like Metroid do you know
they kind of run you through all your
powers and then they take away hell your
powers in Metroid Metroid Prime this
game is difficult but fair but emphasis
on how it can get really difficult oh
yeah I got my ass handed to me by some
bobland early on before I was taking him
seriously because I I had this figured
like it was a ocarina of time where you
could just kind of hack and whack your
way through stuff yeah but I'm I've been
pleasantly surprised by by the
difficulty the discussion catch-up rate
our belt yurga mun says I always vote
against dignity that's that's fair no
sir Danforth says evening gents here's
some money for that virtual lap dance
earlier oh here's our friend sir
Danforth wait that was when I just ran
aimless Corsair says hey Jack and rich
hi our lemon prereq are by far some of
my favorite stuff on YouTube do you have
any advice for would-be content creators
question mark keep up the good work
exclamation point well what's your
advice see it's a weird thing for us to
give advice on because we're just
hanging out really weird it be in
ourselves so so that the advice is make
sure whatever it is you create is
something that you would want to watch
okay okay I often find myself like when
I when I cut up our streams for YouTube
the general way that I do that is you
know like a you kind of pick
spot on the time line okay oh we talked
about this type of we talked about skip
ahead like 5-10 minutes okay now we're
talking about this type that in skip
ahead 5-10 minutes now we're talking
about this oftentimes though
I'll just get caught up in the
conversation that we had two weeks ago
and keep listening it's it's stuff that
I enjoy the the two dudes talking format
that we have they put yourself before
all I know
aimless Corsair could be boring all I
know well but that's the thing make sure
like you create something you listen to
it and if you're bored make something
better
yeah that's the case not like that that
happens all the time when I'm editing
prereq is rich and I'll be in the middle
of a discussion
yeah and I'll edit something and like
one section will be boring that's a
little boring yeah you know I'll move on
something else I'll come back and it's
still boring and and then it's like wait
I have the power to make it not boring
maybe we we say something redundant
maybe it needs more gameplay footage
maybe it needs something so that's your
that's your job as the creator man is to
make it not boring oh-ho-ho oh do I have
a wireless keyboard and what brand is it
I think I just got a Microsoft one I
don't have anything super fancy but it's
not really what I what I use when I'm
what I'm playing I've got like a it's a
wired separate keypad like it's just the
number pad and that is wired I don't
remember what what brand it is but it's
old I don't know if they make that
particular one anymore
okay this is a shrine this is a shrine
this is so we have to imagine all the
shrines are lines where they would meet
is like right here-ish
oh hello there's a spot in the middle of
the water that's probably where they
meet no that's not where they made them
meet in the temple of time huh they meet
the temple of time you think yeah
I'm pretty damn sure Oh like if this one
connected yeah oh you're right yep
you're right
temple of time all right well great
probably the closest one to that all
this travel to a fast travel out of his
cold place you can go straight to the
castle and find high gear if you can
make it past the enemies oh yeah didn't
someone like speed run it in 12 minutes
already spoilers I am maybe two hours
into the game this is spoilers for the
beginning of the game I'm sorry well
we're probably not gonna talk about it
too much you probably just turn the
video off yeah and not be spoiled very
much and just listen to the conversation
you know something I want to talk about
something I've been doing recently I've
been seeing some talk about Logan the
movie Logan and a lot of people
comparing it to lone wolf and cub okay
have you ever read lone wolf in a club
so lone wolf and cub is a comic book
from the 70s and I know some people are
about to lose their fuckin mind because
it's a manga from the 70s yeah you know
those are just called comic books here
sure so it is a it is a manga or a comic
book see look at did you see how choppy
that framerate was coming in here yeah
sometimes it gets really choppy I will
be honest with you and it's free or not
free it's part of my comixology
subscription I do the the comics on
comiXology unlimited or like they have a
ton of books that you can read every
month
as part of the subscription and I found
out that the first like five volumes of
lone wolf and cub are part of that
subscription hey okay so you know what
I'll read it in preparation for Logan
because I've never read it and you know
like things like the professional and
there's a lot of there's a lot of things
that are often cited as being directly
influenced by lone wolf in club and I've
never I've never read it and it's very
different than what I was expecting I
was expecting a story of a fierce
warrior who finds a baby and now has to
deal with being a warrior assassin with
some baby he's found and due to some
moral code wants to take care of the
baby but that's not what the story is at
all it's his baby and he's just like
yeah the baby I take him on
assassinations and he's fine with it and
the baby is fine with it and I'm fine
with it so I just I I guess I was
expecting something very different from
the from the properties that were based
off of it you know like a little more
moral dilemma then we were seeing oh
yeah look at there's something there
zoom in on that oh but it's beta what I
made a little joke on Twitter that the
like half joke half serious the the
movie that comes closest to lone wolf in
club in modern times is dread okay
because the lone wolf and cub the the
basic story is lone wolf is the greatest
assassin ever yeah he's the best
and he's also a super-smart strata
Titian and tactician yeah and when the
bad guys think that they have lone wolf
captured he actually just wanted to be
captured okay and the babies there but
you know sometimes it's not and the baby
helps sometimes with the murdering and
lone wolf is the best okay all the time
in fact LA in one story lone wolf
had to bring a prostitute to orgasm in
order to save her life
and he did because he's the best he had
he literally had to bring her to orgasm
he does he does he drive around a car
that's filled with empty tuna cans he
has a cart he has a cart
he's a cart but as it filled with empty
tuna it doesn't have a tuna cans it
doesn't have satellite dishes but it
does have swords in the handle of the
cart okay okay so I am reading it and
they're fun stories but every story is
exactly the same which is he's the best
most badass so cart so this takes place
in like ancient beautiful times and
apparently it started getting notoriety
because they did a ton of research as
far as like the time period and the
people who would be fighting come it's
neat it's a really neat read it's just
um it's just very it's very simple
he's the best he's the best at
everything he does and he's also super
smart and really strong and he knows all
the stances and he's gonna he's gonna
beat everyone that could be fine it
could be it is for the most part oh
Batman's gonna the best and he's the
smartest and he's the best strategy
shinee's ourselves he's also the
strongest and Egon he can beat up
Superman if he really wants to you know
and you know what sometimes his adoptive
kid it comes out as adventures with him
and sometimes this is black adoptive
kids help out yeah by the way yeah and
you know when he's got he's got hidden
things in his belt
and swords and the Joker the Joker
thought he captured Batman but that was
part of Batman's plan all along
right by the way yeah a lot of bad
there's a lot of there's a lot of lone
wolf and cub and Batman also Batman it's
not my favorite character he's my
favorite character but also Batman has a
Batman has another layer to end his
quest yeah it was one of my favorite
character oh yeah yeah he he has his his
character also has a specific thing that
he is trying to accomplish for talking
about comic books he gets ranked under
spider-man yeah absolutely a soft spot
for spider-man
he's great but he was great but you know
Batman's
saladin number two hmm though there
might be some competition with the
Eastman and Laird black and white ninja
turtle calibers sure
fucking love the shit out of those
strata strata Titian is that a real word
did I misspeak I don't care I don't care
if it's a real word strata Titian rich
knew what I mentioned tactician was a
real word strategist strategist down Oh
in exchange for for spirit orbs
I will amplify your being heart
container or stamina vessel that's a
hard one that is a really hard that's a
very tough decision I've died a lot but
stamina is so important and man you
don't got a lot of it to start I'm gonna
I'm going stamina okay you wish to
expand your stamina Weil yes I shall
grant the power you seek now I can climb
more shit that's what I want to do climb
more shit it's the best DC character
Batman story sounds almost more suited
to Marvel than DC Batman's to mythic
well he has become was very fit think
he's Marvel loves everyman Marvel loves
flawed characters mmm Batman isn't
flawed enough no he's the best at
everything
yeah he's the best it means he has a
plan for everything he's the worst at
letting people in that's true that's
there is this bad magic one flaw as a
character yeah until people that well
personally yeah
Oh what
DC loves its larger-than-life
mythological heroes DC has gods
yeah and God problems Marvel has mint
and men problem and I mean man in a
gender-neutral way Batman is as close to
a god-like being as somebody with no
superpowers can be yeah oh how do I get
up there before it climbed over here
Marvel DC let's see written by Stan Lee
would focus on like like back in the day
created and written by Stan Lee yeah how
would it be different
ooh Batman would not be a billionaire
billionaire Stan Lee would write
billionaires must be millions at the
time that's because it was a 60 oh but
no see and I I think he would he would
write Batman as more of a like garbage
tinkerer the focus would be on the folks
like their impoverished and poor is
Batman hoping society or is he just
keeping the man down and the ethical
dilemma that would be Stanley's bat bat
no these crooks we should be giving them
social programs I guess it he would be
taking the hardline conservative stance
it would be the political back-and-forth
it depends on which era of Stanley this
is because like in in the late 60s early
70s he definitely got a super preachy
but he would also have a secretary who
was in love with it because Stanley
would not miss out a chance for some
romantic melodrama mm-hmm oh he's
talking
Batman busting down the black man Batman
can't you see that society is really
what's at fault here and you're not
actually doing any good that would be
that would be like the core of the Stan
Lee Batman he was the king I had guessed
that after talking to him the first time
I thought he might also be old link the
old link from a different game an old
link is ready to train the new link it's
weird that this has voice acting I don't
I don't much care for it it's just out
of place in it and a Zelda game but you
know there's what they're doing it's
like technically they had the old link
teach the younger link in Twilight
Princess that undead thing who taught
you like sword moves right right
supposedly the the hero of time mm-hmm
we're not weird it's great and it's
great let's see that's fun
stories of Ganon's were passed from
generation to generation
this is a story we have to have pay
attention on this story captain blue 42
says I've watched nearly a dozen
streamers do their switch stream yeah
and you guys are the only ones to have
streamed anything other than zelda this
as well as have the fun of playing it my
props and $2 to you guys well thank you
very much you know we're gonna try to
the the switch right and currently has
four games so we want to keep a little
bit of a different perspective
what's the four no it is more than that
it has more than four games yes
what does it have it has I am Sassoon I
don't know what that is I think it's a
Square Enix game okay
it has binding of issac it's a game that
you can currently play in the switcher
I'm sorry it has a bomber ma'am is it I
don't remember saying binding of issac
in the store yeah nice yeah all right
isn't Bomberman coming soon no bomb
names out it's out I thought it was
coming soon any of those I'm gonna maybe
I'm thinking of Master Blaster which I
don't know
we selected four skilled individuals
from across highway and task you really
want too much yeah I should
this is for work I got actual
playthrough he probably wants to know
what I did I would like to cover your
you're gonna stick the fingers in the
ears right now
probably not too bad but it stacks right
here so I'll just have my eyes closed
I'll tell you
this game has driven off 200 people some
people don't want spoilers yeah yeah
that's fair that's fair Jesus Christ
this is this is this is insufferable for
me but I know I need to pay attention
usually in in as though there's big dump
there's a big dump and then I'll get to
play again
what do you think George Lucas would say
about snippy's the fucking map already
you don't need to remind me how to use
the fucking map okay I got a paraglider
now well yeah that was a huge story dump
yeah we know now now we know everything
about everything
there you go movies I'm making in my
garage yeah there with paper cutouts
actually I was inspired by stripper
clips oh it's moving about paper cutout
people in an oppressive room that just
assigns them numbers whoo then one of
them tries to escape huh he sees the Sun
shit
Greta Kyra did not say oh shit I broke
my spikes Club renegade Kyra says I'm
enjoying Zelda for the most part but the
weapon durability really kills her yeah
I just broke my fucking Club but seeing
a huge tower in the distance doing some
dungeons and killing some bosses along
the way is really cool
I'm worried what happens when I find a
sword I want to keep right I'm I just
fucked is will you be able to heal it
shit shit shit
I constantly fall out of windows rich
and I just got my glider thing but I
don't know how it works yet I wasn't
paying attention when you when you tell
me how the glider works
watching for 40 minutes enemy can
encounter one yes I know
you caught a this this is just where
what I was worried about a large empty
world mm-hmm oh there it is
I figured it out I figured it out it's
why is that a fair criticism so far or
is everything else interesting enough
that it doesn't matter
this is awesome oh my god there's a
stamina timer on your glider yeah
that's horrifying until I got that
stamina boost that's horrifying
uh yeah Zack maybe you could use your
focus here take you drink so you drink
everyone maybe you could use your focus
can I not lift up these rocks with them
they're not rocks
oh I guess they're rocks yeah it's it's
so tough to say how how fill the world
will be just because I know that the
places I've been have been the tutorial
you know as you can clearly see there is
nothing in front of me I'll be
disappointed if there are no large like
villages and towns
that'll disappoint me well you know what
I'm heading to a village right now okay
so we will see if I'm heading to Kukui
village okay okay and so I suppose we
will see there needs to be more than one
yeah yes I will I assume they're gonna
have all of them they're gonna have the
Gungan village they're gonna have the
the Hyrule never feels like it's worth
saving because nobody fucking lives
there right oh no nope nope nope nope
fuck that wasn't water gosh dang it that
was water right there hi I was Prince my
way to the castle Prince my way Jack
not launch time what of course it was a
long title I see the coming soon section
I guess it must have been it was
supposed to be a launched I there's so
little in the store there had they have
a coming soon section and you know what
well we're talking about switch games
that are out now I'm not gonna count
something that's already been out on
other systems for ages but I don't think
it's in the digital store I think you
can buy the physical copy of mining
rising there are some games that you can
only buy physical copies of right now
these hold on saying nope delayed oh oh
it got delayed how upsetting
I wanted to trade in one to switch for
it but Skyrim horses horses okay
fucking get a horse get a horse get a
horse glide ready ready dive bomb dive
bomb give me oh your mind now didn't
soothe correctly I also apparently tried
to attack it with a spiked club and I
didn't know we get sneak sneak look at
okay hold on I need a new weapon like
you assured who I got a hammer that's
very short now when do you get more
weapon slots did I thought it was only
like four when I was playing oh I have
no idea all right
all right let's go see if we can attack
this motherfucker over here
oh shit nope nope nope nope nope nope he
hasn't seen me yet and he hasn't seen me
yet the horsies Jack you need a horsey
I want to attack this motherfucker right
here look at him
no Harkey I'm gonna hide behind if I
don't know if you guys can see on the
screen but there is a tiny circle next
to our map with an AK with a Saudi o
meter that tells you how loud you are
being oh yeah the purple line the purple
wavy line purple has a wave fault see if
we can attack this motherfucker nice oh
cool bang got a pogo badge I got a book
Oh bet mom Lynn horn Oh a mob lean Fang
nonsenses lone wolf and lone wolf and
cub reminded me of late-night TV show
the a late-night TV show that aired in
the UK about 20 years ago we agreed this
whole thing again because I got the
punctuation fucked up but it threw me
off those lone wolf and cub reminded me
of a late-night TV show that aired in
the UK about 20 years ago that showed
clips of a samurai film with a baby coat
they did make several film adaptations
of lone wolf and cub turns out that it's
a movie called Shogun assassin 1980 that
was probably an adaptation of lone wolf
and cub - mage says Jack this is the
police
what it's a police management game on
Steam that's right
might be up your alley also oh no no not
this is the police as someone someone
has made a game do you remember my dumb
game idea where I wanted to have someone
be a dispatcher and dispatch delivery
drivers someone made a game and I think
it's called like call 9-1-1 yeah where
you have to dispatch 9-1-1 operators and
like manage a city's emergency response
team okay sounds depressing yes
also for fuck the main quest and the
castle will go on other way please
it's worth it
all right nope why is it worth it give
me some background here because I've
mentioned seeing other people maybe it
was just you in the chat wanting to go
another way not to the castle what what
is what is being missed on or you just
not watch story spoilers how about I'm
gonna ride out on my fucking horse
rather the facts the horse turn whores
turn oh let me put my horse hold on
sorry horse you can go anywhere we don't
even go anywhere we've heard ok let's go
let's go horse I'm just is there
something specific you want us to find
is what I'm getting at
cuz we have no idea what what's what's
coming up yeah we're just we're just
hanging out shoot the fox oh yeah that's
right I have a bow and arrow oh wait
there's a deer or something horse and I
think horse stopped whoa how was that
huh whoa trying to get my fucking horse
to stop saying press a you can finish
the game right now hey stop stop I'm
getting off you horse you're messing
with messing with my drive and there's
deer over there that I want to hit Oh
Nate I don't have time for you mob ones
you're not mob ones you're Skellington
stuff oh s--- some kind
they're fucking your shit up they know
it's because I'm using this big dumb
sword shit I thought you loved big dumb
I do love big dumb weapons I'm not
strong enough to use it though please
turn up game volume press left joystick
for whoa no not press left joystick
present back on left joystick not
pressed down off the horse to go into
bullet time what I said each horse has
different stats so they have different
like moods and speed and whatnot
cool what opponent is pretty great and
balanced oh my god that's a traveller's
class I don't want a claymore maybe just
a broads let's try a broadsword one and
a half hours is the newest world record
for fishing the game here we go
this is Zelda right here this is a Zelda
sword there we go all right now sharp
sword yeah I'm gonna hate losing weapons
I want to keep all the tension can you
lock onto them the deer are you probably
not probably not
yeah can you kill the horse why no
horses can die I don't know if they will
let you kill them damn it oh oh look at
that deer spazzing out over there sneak
sneak you're running well they're right
they're running away you wanted to get
calm and complacent and then you sneak
up on it oh I'll find another fucking
horse you're a farm boy you never
actually hunted you just kill the things
up around the far I've been hunting
before
Nevers never shot anything they just run
straight out of things you're hunting
yeah while shooting a gun while maybe
that's why I've never shot anything now
that now that you mention it no one has
I've only been hunting a couple of times
and no one has ever wanted to go back
with me which is weird
I heard you poking a bit of fun at
horizon zero dawn earlier do you think
you'll go back and finish it eventually
I found the overall plot interesting
though it does move slowly in the middle
why don't we poking fun we're poking fun
at the the name yes you were poking fun
at it during your solo string
oh no I talked very highly about it
during my solo stream how much was
talking about this hmm I think it's a
very good game yeah but it's got a
terrible name name is terrible honestly
the worst my one problem with the game
and it's a major problem and it's why I
might not go back and finish it to
completion a game wants you to aim a lot
with your bow yeah to hit small targets
that are moving fast I don't like doing
that when I can't aim with a fucking
Mouse playing that game with a gamepad
and I can I can recognize that just
about everything else the game does is
great but the fact that I have to use an
analog stick to do precision aiming is
driven me up a fucking wall
it's a very rich complaint I think it's
a fair complaint if you're used to
keyboard and mouse controls perhaps I
don't like I don't like aiming with a
controller I hate I hate it yeah no and
I am planning on going back and playing
playing it I'm about halfway done with
the Edit at the moment I have started
playing a little bit of Zelda only
because the the unopened switch was
sitting next to my computer mocking me
oh oh you love me now what am I going
where am I going
let's go this way
horse I asked you to go a different way
that way in response to not going to the
castle you have the major testing you
know how certain games where you can't
go to a place because it's too hard this
game isn't it and the story gives you
some plot no matter where you go hmm but
doesn't break the plot at least from
what I've seen plus I've seen too many
people go either to the castle or follow
the main story it's boring okay well
there's a desert etc okay I'm over here
for now let's see yeah just see if we
can find anything fun and then we'll go
explore how okay we're just going to
explore what's over here let's open up
the map
unfortunately I did go down to this area
so is this how I get back up maybe
that's how we get back out
oh that's neat look you can like make
little markers on the map cool in a
review of zero dawn yeah I go out of my
way to say that's a great game I just if
you're a control if you're a mouse aim
person it's very frustrating to play but
it does everything else great ya know
and I I'm really enjoying the game and I
why did you turn around because the
probably because of all of the bats fuck
those bats horse you're my horse go I
tell you to go you go I'm really
interested in in finishing the story
figuring out how that ends
I'm definitely going to finish horizon
zero dawn more so I think like and this
is something rich and I talked about I
think that my our recent playing of
horizon zero dawn is going to influence
what we feel about this game because
there's there's some vague similarities
looks like there's going to be I'm not I
haven't played it very much at all yet
oh hey look at this guy he's a guy let's
see what's up with no sorry step and off
they go
who what let me help you friend
have you done this movie yet do the jump
and attack hey yeah it's great
oh wow that's really well I missed you
know like could you imagine if that
landed and that would have been great
get out of your Skellington you're
welcome friend
oh thank you thank you mister man okay
vocal blend Fang and horns up the wazoo
it's been I've been watching for an hour
yeah we've run into eight enemies yeah
this game has zero diverse adversity and
adversity yeah
well I've also been just fucking around
it's not comparing it to horizon zero
dawn if I could horizon zero dawn you're
you're constantly running into robots
and shit yep you can get around them
easy enough Oh
what do anything your weapons are so
under Abell it would probably just be
frustrating right I think I hope some of
the weapons you see him yeah there's a
ghost of some sort let's go talk to a
ghost I might try and kill you
I hope we get basically what I'm saying
is I hope we get some weapons that are a
lot more durable yeah or or
alternatively a way to repair weapons
would that be nice Siro dawn looks
better and has more going on so far well
at this point in zero dawn that's
incorrect at this point in zero dawn we
were still dealing with our eighth
cutscene whoa what is that
rusty broadsword okay this might be in
terms of being a survival game not
necessarily a more exciting game but
this might actually be a better like
wilderness survival experience hmm shit
that sucked
though playing zero dawn I would
actually feel like I was hunting which
was neat yeah what what tactics am I
gonna use to bring down this beast I'm
hunting what's the thing you were
thinking about by playing zero dawn yeah
shit where are you where are you ghost
Anna died
that's a cool looking ghost though but
yes you you were concerned with tactics
they always kept you on their toes
there's always something new to look at
new beasts new sidequest new everything
but like I said at this point in the
game keep in mind that this I'm only
like two hours into breath of the wild
yeah so at this point in horizon we're
not even done with the with like that
initial test yet yeah but there's a lot
of stuff going on in between this and
like it's just cutscenes before the test
no there's a lot of cuts you are so nuts
I know you don't like cutscenes but the
fact is they're just there aren't as
many as you're saying though huh that's
BAM there's so many of them I was doing
like a ton of little side quests before
I even got to the the big powwow
ceremony test were there side because we
need to go back to our village
shit shit and your guy had to had me
rescue her daughter which led to another
side quests prayin to get back the
family spear oh there was stuff going on
and zero dawn that's not before the
questions yes it was
maybe I'm just remembering out of order
or maybe you just got it afterwards yeah
because I remember the turret they were
returning the spears and stuff let me
try that again I'm not I'm not to
thinking too hard about how I'm taking
on these enemies I think I might have
ice arrows let's uh let's see if I see
if I have any ice arrows
or cutscene isn't necessary evil when
done right I don't even think they're an
evil now if they're 40 minutes long yeah
that's that's a problem but I've played
games where cutscenes have made me laugh
cheer or whatnot
it's all relative how much of her movie
work is ADR most we ever did was in
space cop oh she's usually just when
there were audio issues like on the set
we got well here's the fun thing about
space cop as far as Rich's audio is
concerned is his space cop thing had
that little microphone which often had
an actual microphone in it so that's all
the out here you're hearing it oh we had
that doctor that thing coming out
actually was a microphone that's what
I'm saying yeah yeah I wasn't like
looked like it was disguise it was like
we actually dumped it in there yeah
we gotta get rid of some shit here this
but you want I think you want as much of
the actual dialogue as possible UAD are
you a dr when you'd need to not because
it's better right never it's never
better than if you can get clean audio
as it's coming out of their mouth on
location but sometimes you're filming
next to a highway and it's unavoidable
you're gonna get shitty audio that's
when you 80-yard
I got a fire rod said you want to talk
about the pro controller sure we can
talk about the pro to control her
well real quick liberal use yes
skippable cutscenes are far better than
forced walking and talking sections yes
yes thank you
yes okay that is just a very good point
before we got off topic I wanted to read
that aloud a forced walking and talking
section uncharted play game play
cutscenes that are slow and boring
versus a cutscene a cinematic that you'd
actually hit a button and it's over whoa
I suppose because then you can get get
it done with but then you don't know any
of the story no like you know way it's a
cutscene I I would rather have it so I
never leave my character even even if
I'm just walking and talking as long as
I can actually like control and do
around and dick around and stuff but but
but then you can otherwise though with a
cutscene you could use like cinematic
angles and whatnot and editing to
actually make the expository stuff
faster and more interesting possibly but
but then it takes you out of the game
okay then and I don't like to be taken I
understand I understand your point of
view
yeah all right it's a program trailer
program I'm sorry I'm sorry I went back
there right after saying let's talk
about it myself wait no wait I'm sorry I
did that
but I just saw something that was just
too good a point Jack yeah I'm with you
broken tropez so as you can see right
now I'm playing with the joy Khan's and
I was really hoping that this is how I'd
be playing most of the time is I like I
like this just the idea of resting two
hands while playing the game now you
know I first set up the switch it was
you know fairly late and I was getting
ready to go to sleep so I just had a TV
on I was lying down with the TV with the
switch hooked up and I just got playing
just what my arms were wherever there
were somewhere comfortable yeah and you
know it was really nice yeah except
the button layouts just terrible the
button lands terrible and the the shape
of them don't conform to your hand and
so you're forced to grip them in a weird
way and you're changing your grip all
the time in order to you know press both
analog sticks and buttons and it turns
into it like carpal tunnel well it's
it's it's not comfortable like the
buttons compared to where the thumb is
it's like right under and it's like
awkward to go down yeah your thumb wants
to kind of go to the side that's why you
look at any other controller like
there's a diagonal line between the the
buttons and like the analog stick it's
not right under it with these goofy
things it's like really awkward to do
all this a big thing and you need to be
quiet I'm gonna see if I can climb them
and yeah the joy Khan analog sticks kind
of suck always got like a big spear
around his neck oh I think I know what
you do
he's got a weapon no well hold on I need
to drop something if I want to pick it
up later no matter what I I don't think
I don't think we're going to fight him
yeah I think you have to climb on him
well surely sure and get the thing I
think you could probably either sure but
the thought of doing this stealth by
sneaking up there and taking it that's
awesome I'm gonna see if we can oh I
hope so
I will gain so much respect
it's not letting you climb try it from
the try it from his gut out there duck
duck he doesn't see you he doesn't see
your duck no if this starts to go bad
stab them right in the balls don't
follow me they'll follow me
I don't think it's gonna let me climb on
them and I can't even I can't even get
up try climbing trig like grabbing onto
a stomach instead of a shoulder
yeah well he's waking up now of course
not I don't think there's climbing on
him oh oh oh I got it okay
whoa okay that's outside of the box I
like it I like it and hold on
that's way for him to fall asleep again
he's gonna go back down
all right stand up on his hand let him
throw you on top of his chest that's an
option magnet power is not not grabbing
it okay try climbing on his hand the one
that's on the ground
whoa okay that could work
oh I like it I like it you switch them
it's the other side now damn it
wait wait wait just say yeah yeah there
you go there you go there you go I love
that the skeleton hand is still moving
by the way yeah what he's gonna I guess
stay on the hand well I just didn't want
him to like hurt me this is one of the
risks we take in life I was moving I was
trying you were running you were running
why were you running it maybe it made me
stand up it's fine
he didn't see me he didn't see me he's
gonna go back to sleep
this is great it's great it like it's
slightly upsetting how many times I've
been able to try this at this point he
should really wake up okay but now I
have to double-check that when a so now
I'm standing so now I'm crawling again
there we go take-take-take delicates
Gerudo carvings decorate this curved
swords thing Caribbean grades blade is
extremely sharp
I want another oh shit
taketake well yeah hold on I got to drop
some shit shitty pose yeah I fucking
death trap I already got a nice soldiers
bow from on top of the church did bows
were out oh I don't know something out
there your spear yeah like something
like I got to make some decisions here
so you know what I'm not gonna use this
beaucoup bad
dude hope you are running nope nope oh I
am running god dammit god dammit god
dammit
Oh your shit your fuck your fuck run run
run bridge
running running you can chase me or does
he stay in that island can you cut the
bridge not that one there no ropes on
that one running running yeah and your
mother too really huh
I have 27 of them Wow nope it didn't it
didn't I was hoping to hit him in the
butt oh well alright here we go
alright what's over here
Oh deserts what's all for your horse oh
yeah climate change oh shit they heard
me whistle for my horse let's try this
spear out this looks neat oh look
they're on their own horses shoot them
off shit shit shit now I'm almost dead I
am close to death let's see oh good I do
I got some you put apples it's the
greatest game 15 frames per second it's
not that bad no no if Nintendo would
just release shit for other systems we
wouldn't have these problems
that's very true rich what he's son of a
bitch
where's it safe I wonder what you're
losing right I definitely need to get
better at just count the combat I'm
still not like I'm still kind of in a
horizon zero dawn mindset where I'm much
more leveled up and can actually handle
shit it's fine it drops a lot less than
handheld load yeah then you're looking
at this shitty tiny screen you get three
hours before the battery's dead yeah
people say that boot was the best game
ever made and that ran at 20 frames per
second
Ocarina Ocarina or whatever it is of
time yeah it's a fine game but it's also
the most overrated game of all time it
was never the best game ever even when
it was new it wasn't the best game ever
made for those of us who I'll take Mario
64 over Zelda hooped yeah yeah yeah I
don't know if I can give it to him
came out the same years I think half
life thief yeah but there are those of
us who did not have computers to game on
that doesn't mean your game is the best
game of all time because you weren't you
didn't have a computer the best game we
had motherfucker
Richard spinouts okarin ah I don't give
a shit it's a stupid name
it's a fucking flute Mario 64 in that
age vault
I don't think a karna did either Kareena
or whatever it is a Kareena I think I
think Twilight Princess did ocarina
better than ocarina did it Twilight
Princess Twilight Princess is not aged
well I replayed that recently anything
that even looks like a cutscene I do
yeah eat that wolf come here where you
going where you going
shit yeah
how's that room I need a fire or some
shit and I got to cook some shit
I do I hate cutscenes winwaker still
looks great thanks to the stylize
graphics Oh winwaker looks great plays
great Oh windwaker great all around PCs
the real deal rich right rich I stand by
it
yeah like 300 movie do oh no you don't
actually don't hit boxes with your
weapons cuz that will break your weapons
I wish weapons were more durable agreed
it's really it's really irritating yeah
well it's kind of out of place in the
series too oh this guy I'm gonna stick
this up his ass
Jack tell me about the robot dinosaur
stream I know there was some kind of
glitch where she was saying the same
thing over there was and and we turned
it into a bit of a drinking game and I
got drunk
end of story there yeah there was
actually like a large glitch I would say
where she kept saying the same thing
over and over again when Waker had ship
dungeons Twilight princesses were better
yeah but I never I never said Twilight
Princess was the best Zelda I said it's
better than a no karada and it basically
did okarin a better than Oh Cara did
it's essentially just a good version of
the ocarina overworld it's the same
basic layout yeah bigger bigger yeah
that was that was great
okay Twilight Princess is just Ocarina
of Time I'm saying it right you just
done better parts of it parts of it like
III think Oh Carina you know what
fucking I'm gonna keep saying it wrong
ocarina ah I don't remit I really don't
care that's great no and you don't have
I think all of you ever heard the word
outside of that game outside of people
talking about that sort of people
talking about that game no okay then
it's a stupid word and it's a stupid
name
pretty sure it's ocarina
III don't I never I didn't care for any
of the wolf segments in Twilight
Princess which are which is a large
chunk of Twilight Princess and a ton of
cutscenes
boom probably gonna regs Elda's number
one it's a battle between Wind Waker and
Link to the Past that's fair that's
totally fair
then then after that I'm slapping down
some Twilight Princess hmm then after
that maybe fluid of time
I haven't played majora's mask which
everyone says it's great ie Majora's
Mask yeah that's that's a tough one
yeah I never could get into it because
it's a the the presentation is very
different the hardcore Majora's Mask
fans all agree that it's better than
fluid of time right I know that about
hardcore majora's mask fans it's
different shit linked to the past is the
best zelda but Flute deserve every
accolade ever got but i'm not my
argument isn't that fluid of time is a
bad game my argument is that fluid of
time is an overrated game based on the
the classical proper definition of
overrated right so many people think
it's the greatest game it's not the
greatest game it's not the greatest game
ever is overrated yeah
it's just yeah it's really good it's
really good I could see you saying that
that's not what I want at all he doesn't
like it because it's popular yeah
despite all of the popular things I've
liked rich if you could just stop being
a hipster for really still don't see me
oh yeah my soldier of his bow is badly
damaged fluid of time was overrated in
the way Star Wars is overrated
I'd say it's overrated in the way that
Blade Runner is overrated dog I don't
know man I don't know if I can be with
you here okay that's fun I don't know if
I can be with you you're not obligated
to be with me Jeff yeah I suppose that's
true as you know I love Blade Runner and
by moi Carina I think I Carina has a lot
of quality points and I know this is
like my fourth time up this tower you do
you jack but this is what I'm doing so I
guess you all are gonna have to deal
with that because you know what I need
to do a little bit of getting good
dreamer TK says Blade Runner is
beautiful and that's all it is fine
story fine story it's an introspective
story rich it's not about it's really
pretty and and Rutger Hauer has a great
speech everything else whatever
boring boring you're crazy you're crazy
man you're crazy man telling crazy lies
bayi let's see what this moonlight
scimitar can do oh no you know what I
got this fire stick I got a fire stick
rich let's see what the fire stick can
do I'll take you and drop you now pick
up that spice club
no Blade Runner is genius questioning
what makes humanity humanity human our
memories all that separates us from
machines yes some great questions and it
tackles them in a boring manner that's
the problem the movie is boring I don't
care what kind of themes and aspires to
it handles them in a boring manner
speaks lies you have to understand that
rich speaks your filthy lies off-topic
movie argument time what's your favorite
animated movie that isn't Disney or
Pixar I recently watched The Iron Giant
and still loved it oh dog it's the best
Superman movie and how sad is that
ooh dog that's a great problem is you're
eliminating a lot once you take out
Disney and Pixar what are you what are
you really left with Iron Giant like
americantale here's what I here's what
I'm going to Cloudy with a Chance of
Meatballs are you him Cloudy with a
Chance of you Shrek and yet Shrek and
all that dream dreams work crap and
minions with his minions oh god they
suck illumination you're just you're
just taking out so many movies it's it
almost ruins the question yeah I know
your haven't seen much of Studio Ghibli
Ghibli oh fuck right all them that's a
jack that's a Jack question all damn -
what are you who framed roger rabbit
well that's Disney touchstone and I
don't know that I don't know how fair it
is to call it an animated movie in a
sense Who Framed Roger Rabbit is
animated the same way that Jurassic Park
is animated
yeah yeah
I got fire chicken shit My Fair out of
broke mask of the phantasm so rich Oh
pretty much everything they did with
Batman see and TAS is good fire not just
the best animated movie
I put the Iron Giant above mask of the
phantasm oh yeah which I don't think is
the best of dcau Batman no thing I saw
mask of the phantasm I'll be real with
you
attack of the clones yes attack of the
clones is a more animated movie than Who
Framed Roger Rabbit was so much so much
of the effects in Who Framed Roger
Rabbit are practical things on a wire
being held from out of the screen mm-hmm
whereas like at any moment 95% of the
screen an attack of the clones is a
computer-generated image how true oh
hello hello thing I know all best
animated movie overall see they're
either up or wall-e
with a solid third place The Incredibles
Pixar is just too good when they're good
there's nothing in this room then after
that you've got the the Disney
Renaissance films you got your Aladdin
Little Mermaid Beauty and the Beast
those are great those great the top fear
all Pixar and then I'm not I don't have
a ranking in my head for after that but
certainly those Disney we're the music
guys for Alan Birkin and someone else
Alan Menken it's not working I hope it's
not working oh god I hope it's not
working men can I think it's Menken no I
like Alan American the same guys who did
the Little Shop of Horrors Urkel I
prefer music for that yeah so we're just
gonna say it's Alan Burke in America the
music in those is just so good
yeah yeah
yeah thank you
there's a great documentary about the
Disney Renaissance of the early 90s
called waking Sleeping Beauty
you should check it out isn't cinnamon
that sounds good Nightmare Before
Christmas is a good non-disney animated
movie or is that Disney I don't even
know oh yeah like that kind of
claymation stuff is neat I don't think
that was touched on I think that was I'm
not sure it's neat animation I as a
movie I find it lacking the last act
doesn't do it for me
Nightmare Before Christmas yeah yeah I
can hear that is The Incredibles one of
the best superhero movies ever I would
say yes take out one of I'm dead serious
and I'm with you I'm with you a hundred
Hondo percent Oh
we're getting to this treasure
eventually I think up holds up through
the entire film its biggest hurdle is it
just can't maintain the level of emotion
from the first 15 minutes oh I would
argue that the end surpasses it what
what tears me up when I watch up and I'm
gonna try and do this without spoiling
like it it's not the first 15 minutes
isn't that what tears me up
it's the paid off near the end of the
film that is set up by those 15 minutes
that's what tears me up and up oh yeah I
think the ending to up is equally as
hard a drink when he sees the thing
that's all I could say without spoiling
when he sees the thing yeah I tear up
every fucking time I see it yep I'm with
you not just the first time I see it
every time I see and not just when he
sees the thing like also like his the
the the rusty revelation don't worry
about it don't worry about I'm not
worried about it what I'm saying is that
movie is is is is good under appreciated
what thing I'm trying not to spoil up
look if you haven't seen up and you
don't know what I'm talking about when
he sees the thing watch out up is great
you ain't got nothing on me ma but you
ain't got nothin get right out of Dodge
captain blue 42 says games that were /
are popular all have their strengths and
flaws usually more strengths so why does
ever want a discussion of a game say
either it's terrible or it's amazing
with no in between people like to think
that way like when I talked about flute
of time I certainly wasn't trying to say
that it's terrible it's not it's very
good but for whatever reason people
gravitate towards extremes
yeah fuck
and it's you know it's a little bit of
hyperbole which you know can be fun for
entertainment purposes I can spoil up
it's been 10 years no it's too good you
can't ruin it for that one fruit fruit
for the stupid people out there yeah I
liked it when I was a kid equals
greatest of all time right you say you
guys know how it works is what you're
saying the weapon durability thing seems
very annoying it is it's very annoying
it's very annoying because what it means
is you can never get comfortable in your
combat tactics or you can never keep a
weapon you actually like right like look
at this I'm fighting with a giant bone
hand at the moment which is cute and fun
but dude did you lose everything else
I've lost some 5 losses worried about
you just worried about I haven't even
used the moonlight scimitar because it
looks awesome and it does an amazing
damage at 25 damage exactly but then I'm
also never using it yeah I got this
thing which i think is like a broadsword
it's very see that's a survival mechanic
I don't know how fun that's gonna be
this is my this is my main problem this
is my problem so far
there's a reason Nijo remove durability
it's fucking annoying you know what
playing blood-borne and that's that's
where most of my souls experience goes
so I don't know how different it is for
the other Souls games but I never had a
weapon break knowin and repairing them
was really simple really simple really
cheap I never I don't think I even came
close to had anyone actually break on me
no never never never
sneaky sneaky mom sneaky sneaky sneaky
sneak he sure is dying on this Dark
Souls this is all game it's actually
difficult it's chick it's challenging it
is a challenging Zelda game yeah you
gotta approach it like a survival game I
don't once you see the mob you're used
to running in with the sword and clear
and cleaning house yeah I don't think
you're really even supposed to do that
here no no you know it's not like Dark
Souls because there's nothing that you
are collecting that gets taken away from
you when you die yeah and you have to
recollection I called like Dark Souls
and I just want to make sure we're being
clear here I think there was one shield
and one sword that is unbreakable that
that'd be nice
that would be very nice what's worse is
that shield surfing really breaks down
their durability I haven't done the air
can you serve down hills and shields
hey that sounds fun
the weapon variety in terms of the way
they attack isn't that much different
from what isn't that much different for
what I've seen so far mainly just has to
deal with the damage they deal the
paradigm in this game has shifted a
little because your bombs and powers
aren't now limited by resources but your
weapons are what you do I blew them up
with a bomb bomb era
and they had some bombs next to them
that I blew up yeah doesn't seem like
the bomb arrows themselves are doing
much damage no no shit go go up fuck run
huh run run run shit that didn't do
anything
all right running it's a dumb weapon
let's see if we can find it see if this
scimitar does the only unbreakable
weapon this game is blinx unbreakable
spirit or something appointment like
that I like it
those are fire arrows the bomb arrows
are great though well oh yeah there's
there's bombs um there's bombs next to
them about Tron mode no link is a
magical tablet I mean like an iPad style
tablet yeah I'm not kidding
so you're doing it you're breaking out
the magical scimitar yeah it froze one
guy so oh nice you know what that's a
great sword I wish I could keep it
forever appears to be a thing yeah I
really do and you know maybe we find you
find a place later on like maybe once we
get into the castle is that your
durability up there for the weapon that
yellow circle the black circle with a
yellow section on it that donut I don't
know I wonder if yellow was oh that
didn't last long if the yellow is like
what's left even the other way around
oh that's uh
let's check in here
no they all seem to have that I don't
know what that yellow ring is look at
that
what is that yellow ring I know I'm
assuming its weapon durability yeah look
all the weapons have it huh is that wait
maybe are you sure that's for individual
weapons because it's the same same
amount of yellowness in the ring yeah
look I'm cooking different stuff what is
that yellow ring hey chat what is that
yellow ring next to my sword what too
thick if we had any issues with the
switch and syncing issues no though we
both switch to the pro controller as
fast as we could as fast as humanly
goddamn possible I had I had a decent
once really yeah you have weird issues
you said you had that does stuff with
that was the common thing people have
been complaining about it yeah weird no
it's not um the extra stamina I got if
you see here there's a tiny green bar
now on top of my green circle that's the
extra stamina that I got those
I guess it comes up when I do the
stamina thing so maybe it is extra
stamina you occasionally get yellow
bonus hearts that are temporary Oh fun
Oh fun okay so also like just just to
know because we were talking about kind
of like enemy where the enemies were so
it's like you know you had the big ogre
thing and then you had that one mob that
wanted Kampmann right there right weapon
you don't like okay let's go uh
something expendable
the spear I you know I'm okay well I
want to test out of that yellow has
anything to do with the weapons stamina
no he well look at what happens if I if
I start running the yellow thing comes
up by my stamina bar so alright I think
it does have something to do with
stamina oh there's some on there's some
guys do some there's some bad guys
it's some bad guys around I'm laughing
so hard about this mysterious yellow
ring well we don't know what it is what
do you want out of us the game has not
explained it to us properly who would
his head whoa look in the dungeon
it's fucking stamina we're not talking
about the green circle is the yellow one
like bonus stamina that's what I asked
you run out that's what I'm assuming I
don't know let's see yep now I don't
have to worry about that bar anymore
though okay I found its Ryan if I was
trying hey hello I found a trying I'm
not familiar with a cure for wellness
looks like a like a psychological horror
movie rich is not a big a hammer guy
I mean horror Harry you don't like the
Hale might be a rare exception though
though a lot of the major exceptions are
like horror comedies mmm I love me some
Evil Dead - that's big and evil that one
yeah that's when they were trying to
make a real one yeah silly bastards love
gremlins okay
we are at a trial it's close to midnight
so I think this is probably in after
this trial this will be it what we're
gonna stop time I don't want to do that
can i magnet no Jedi voted for neither
Trump nor Hillary what you shouldn't you
know better than to even bring it up I
don't like I don't like misinformation
being spread alternative facts yeah you
know I don't like alternative facts
being spread yes fair you know what
that's Farage oh hey I did it great
that's my favorite movie of all time
gremlins alien big trouble a little
chinam favorite of all time is a hard
thing to do like I said it changes based
on your mood aliens plural is up there
Empire Strikes Back right as the lost
art Fight Club Shawshank Redemption the
aforementioned Pixar films
okay men
hey all West Coast says aliens is better
than alien depends upon whether not your
whore guy I think I like both movies I
like science fiction and I like action
so I love aliens right and I I'm more
like the horror stuff so I would prefer
if I if I only had to choose right if I
only got to choose one I would try I
would go alien right even though I
really enjoy aliens of course but
I think favourite movie is different
than just movie you like the most to me
it means what movie impacted you the
most well well then it has to be the
Phantom Menace let's be honest and by
the way that is an entirely different
question because right the the single
greatest movie that has made the largest
contribution to rich Evans's current
life is the Phantom Menace and I'm gonna
I'm gonna go out on a limb here rich and
say that that's not your favorite movie
no no it's not that's not a movie that
you could say watch anytime yes the
greatest in any time or any time right
that's so that's a total different
question like the movie you know that
changed your life at one point you know
a movie that you could watch at any
point these are all like even favorite
movies these are all just crazy
questions
all right I get it I get it oh my
can watch Hot Fuzz anywhere anytime
Oh Hot Fuzz is great I'm sad I only saw
that for the first time like this last
year is that true oh that's terrible
in my head I was thinking reno911.com
summers gonna be our Super Troopers yeah
oh oh yeah I had no idea what it was and
I am so sorry I did not give a simon
pegg and what's-his-face Edgar Wright
Edgar Wright enough credit no and Nick
Frost oh yeah yeah he gets I'm so sorry
I did not give them enough credit
because hot hot photos of you if you
haven't watched it is nothing like a
goofy cop comedy like nothing like that
no that's not the way to do it oopsie
huh
I wonder what I am supposed to do here
oh oh no there's no water I can stop
time but that won't help like the
brilliance of taking Michael base style
and pairing it with a story which at
times is really just slow and mundane
mmm is brilliant
he's just filing our paperwork yet they
do like the quick cuts and dramatic
angles it's great he's just he's doing
paperwork yeah I can jump over there
look at what else look around at what
else can be time-locked good idea
all right oh you guys can be time-locked
oh well oh that almost seems too simple
right oh you got lucky there yeah I did
cutting it very close oh shit I forgot
the ball you also missed the chest huh
it comes back can you magnet the ball oh
I will check as soon as I get some
motherfucking health up in here ooh stay
comes object does not want the solution
why would I want the solution you people
are crazy fuck
I suppose alternatively you could magnet
though lasers no this is a time stopping
sure sure you say gremlins is one of
your favorite movies I don't know how
near the top it is but that's not an
unfair thing to say
I'm glad I left out fury road that
quickly became one of my favorite
all-time favorites I'm perfectly okay
with that I'm perfectly okay with that
being one of your all-time favorites oh
by the way if you start running you drop
the ball can you throw the ball huh can
you throw the ball no can you get it
right oh yes I can throw the ball buddy
get it on the other conveyor belt that's
going the way you needed to go no I just
need to use my time power more so like
you know use the time power on this when
it crosses the beam like now so then I
can pick up the ball and run without
worrying about the ladies getting me I
was doing it the easy way before the
switch
yes Zola on this worch sure I can't
magnet that maybe stop timing front
throw the ball over the laser pick up a
four time stop uh what I'm going to
attempt here is when I know a big
boulders coming to block the other laser
so I got I got him why don't you stop
the time on the conveyor oh yeah that's
probably to stop to time things here
okay I need to stop this laser here sure
and then I need to get past that laser
which you know if there's a like then
when these bricks come by I might be
able to do that how much time can you
stop no just one thing at a time I think
just one time I don't think I can move
fast enough nope nope no I can't why are
you going back cuz I I couldn't get past
the other laser can you wait for the
next thing just kind of tread in place a
bit
oh maybe you know let's give that a try
see nothing oh here comes a big one it's
too late I'll wait for the next one I
can't do it I like the looks of this
game somebody comes up with a way to
make mobile battery life longer I'll
probably buy one in a while or just use
it on a fucking TV also perfectly
acceptable thing to do is just use it on
a TV I don't know why you'd want to play
this mobile I don't I don't get it yeah
I was waiting for you to come here and
you know something you do because you
have to yeah not because you want to
I like mobile I like playing games
mobile I like you know playing a game
here maybe maybe I'm ready for bed but
I'm not ready to sleep yet so you know
bring the game into bed which is not
recommended it's not recommended to
watch TV or do anything in bed beds for
sleep but
okay let's see what I win this is this
is the first temple that I didn't win
the thing at the beginning of the temple
oh okay
can you lower the resolution to 720p to
get better frame rates that's a good
question
that's I'm gonna say no that's a very
good question no that's something that
you could do on a PC not on a controller
sure but you know what
let's look into that we got a spirit orb
if we get if you get four spirit orbs
you get to upgrade stuff yeah like
health and stamina but is that Yoda no
that is an ancient monk who now that
I've passed his test his soul can rest
can't stop fidgeting what was broken
analog stick your feet did shoe cubes
should be coming very soon and
everything you have a problem rich I'm a
cyclops good all right HUD mode no pro I
don't know that's pro no no let's do it
oh that takes the map off Oh interesting
yeah I love not knowing where I'm going
hey that's just the hearts that's
classic right there that's classic Zelda
why do people hate it heads up displace
display useful information this isn't
the worst heads-up display I thought the
one in Horizon zero dark was was
obnoxious but this is
okay so nothing in here let's go to our
switch why the fuck has changed jump
button and on-off switch because it's
not full rebinding because the jump
button is the X button which is the top
button and that that takes some getting
used to that it's not the normal jump
the question is what's weirder jumping
on the top or sprinting on the top
exactly exactly I if I got to rebind I
would change sprint to press down on the
analog but yeah but where else are you
gonna put it hmm maybe alright let's see
what we got here we got T of TV settings
TV resolution like it uses the shoulder
buttons for someone like the tablet
Union menu II kind of things you can do
that shit on the d-pad then you keep
your more vital things where you don't
think fingers off the analog stick you
can have you have sprint or jump as one
of those triggers sure you can lower the
resolution oh on the system itself I
don't know if that would do anything for
frame rates but somebody quote earlier
that no matter what its gonna try and
render at nine hundred I don't know sure
sure but yeah just interesting that you
can change the resolution alright well
there you go there that that's that's
our look at the switch it's it's switch
tacular it's switcher if ik console plus
sold Oh Bo Twi fuckin hate that acronym
it's such a pain in our ass it's
everywhere right now right console + bo
TW plus pro controller runs up to 430
plus taxes that's that's what you have
that's what you're going into because
you know it's it's better if you have
these little sign things on but like
even now after after an hour play
session of playing like this
hands are kind of cramping yeah it's not
a good layout I like the concept bad
layout yes I want I want that I want to
things that you know where my arms can
rest naturally but but it ain't it ain't
these bad boys right here I'll tell you
what switch is too expensive for poor
people I would argue that it it's
potentially too expensive for just a
Zelda and a Mario game mm-hmm
unless you absolutely love everything
Nintendo comes out with right there's
there's only gonna be you you'll be able
to count the number of switch games you
really want and one less than one hand
fingers less than right you need three
fingers and the hope is a lot like the
ps4 that they will have enough other
games that are also on other systems
that will justify it
that's a lot better that's what I said
the hope is that because you already
have the other system so it's a moot
point you probably already have one of
the other systems already that's a
complete moot point it's not a mood the
only thing that matters is what an Tendo
games are coming out for it no this okay
so you're saying what other
multi-platform games come out on it is
important of course I use that's only
important if you don't already own one
of those multi-platforms this is one of
those like a ps4 or an Xbox one or a
decent PC it's only the issue if you
don't own one of those no it's not let's
say you know okay I have a PC I have a
ps4 I have a switch a new game comes out
that comes out on all three of them yeah
the switch does something that the PC
and the PlayStation 4 does not and so I
need to make a decision if I'm looking
into buying a switch right you have to
presume you are at least somewhat
interested in mobile gaming and so then
it's not just about the Mario's where
the Zelda's that comes out it's like oh
this game is coming out I'm probably
going to get it for the switch so I can
take it on the go with me
with you I get it yeah I'm not mocking
you I'm just uh huh oh okay I'm the go
means it to me
I'm the go means very very little right
right I'm on the go I'm at work I'm at
work I'm not gonna be playing a game
maybe I'm out with Karen doing something
I'm gonna be out with Karen doing
something I'm not gonna be playing a
game right right there are those of us
at the doctor's office I'm gonna be far
too worried about whether or not I have
cancer
let's play again sure no one I know you
don't you don't ride many airplanes you
are you are not someone who who who's
into mobile gaming but what I'm saying
is that is what that's the strength of
buying any other system is a like if you
look at a PlayStation 4 versus a PC the
only differences you will find in in the
hardware itself is one is severely more
limiting yeah so there is there's no
question like obviously you're gonna buy
because it's far less powerful you're
talking about the switch is more
limiting right you're not gonna be able
to get decent resolutions at good frame
rates well I was comparing a ps4 because
it's completely underpowered I was
comparing a ps4 to a PC and the ps4
being a console is more limited I get
that you're trying to be a dick right
and I'm trying and I'm trying to shut
you down because the switch offers
something that neither like ps4 to PC is
apples to apples the switch is something
different if I have the C if I got the
option yeah between pick a game pick a
game that's coming out that's not a
tender game so no doom is coming out
it's coming out I have the option to
write to play it at a hundred frames per
second on my PC right or I can get the
switch version that runs at 20 frames
per second but it's mobile sure I'm
taking the PC at a hundred frames oh
sure no the switch is not going to do
doom but let's say the next shovel
knight' right sure she'll sure the new
shovel my game
coming out and that's something that
will run exactly the same on the switch
or on your PC that adds value to the
switch kids are a huge market guys deal
with it intended wasn't just for adults
why would you feel comfortable giving
your child a switch this is an expensive
piece of hardware to lose or to break a
classmate at school to steal I am I'm
gonna be the voice of the parent here
yeah I'm not giving my kids the switch
okay that is like a DES folds so you can
shove it in a backpack right and it the
screen doesn't get scratched how long do
you think this would last with your kids
oh are you fucking kidding it would last
a week maybe I could be reading this
wrong you know the Chad Scrolls
constantly yeah
I'm assuming the argument was that the
switch is good for kids and it's not
meant for us because it's for kids no
III disagree with that premise the D s
is meant for kids it is a system that
folds and travels and has durable
relatively cheap yes that's that's why
you know like n64 vs. PlayStation 1
everyone would get an n64 for their kids
well you know why cartridges cartridges
are not CDs that kids can scratched Jack
pretty much refuted the handheld
argument no for me I can handle the
switch as a handout because I'm a
goddamn adults I'm not going to give it
to my children for them to be a handheld
it is an adult handheld the problem is
it's not gonna have any adult games so
this is fun I care of it's an adult game
snipper clips I was great I don't give a
fuck that was fun as hell break him
would play more I didn't want to either
a spoil it
chat or be spoiled for myself is it
seems like something I have a lot of fun
playing with Karen yeah no I agree no
and I'm sure like there's a carrying
case you can get for it but it won't be
as good as the DSi have a case for my
Vita yeah and it's ugly and it's
cumbersome and you have to like like
unhook it from the case in order to play
it it's gross and so I'm sure the switch
has carrying cases too but Jack is a
teenage girl trapped in a man child's
body you for fun you know it's true not
about him shit-shit dog the 2d s has no
3d for kids the 2d s is crazy like the
2d s is only for kids because it's
insanely cheaper but the fact that it
doesn't fold means it's worthless to me
that's the whole great thing about all
of the DS's is their ability to fold and
protect their screens on the go boom I
wouldn't even care if it just had one
screen but still fold it in on itself
that'd be great we're gonna switch a
switch Pro switch pros gonna flip down
flip I don't know need some some news a
new mobile processing chips to get you
the best graphics and and an integrated
keyboard it's it's gonna be a laptop the
switch pro is gonna be a laptop yeah
that doesn't run Windows so it'll be
useless yeah all right we've been done
for a while we've just been chidden and
chattering the portion the portion of
the stream the potion the potion of the
stream yeah or we read off the names of
people who have subscribed during the
stream that's true mr. Beebe's 21
fucking months in a row says my sub can
now drink please don't get my sub
blackout drunk you hack frauds 1984
slash s21 fucking months in a row uh-uh
the the Fergus show has an importance
which related question which I feel like
I should answer so can you watch YouTube
or Netflix on the switch this is
important to me as of this moment no and
that's probably made a try that's right
not anything you looked into how
messing around on the shop right now
they have 9 downloadable games in the
East job and I wish I could show you
they have no app apps ready for download
in the eShop in a scenario where I'm
actually like on the go yeah I'm gonna
spend like an hour and a half on an
airplane or a couple hours waiting for
jury duty sure I would rather just have
a tablet because I don't want to play a
game like I got it like I got 30 minutes
to play okay I'm gonna be on a tablet
watching YouTube videos yeah I'm reading
shit I'm like snopes.com right oh sure
sure no and you know what it like it
this could just function as a regular
tablet it's it's got a touchscreen
interface they don't have any
applications for that kind of
functionality right now which means that
yeah it's a nice it's a very nice
touchscreen because you know it's big
right it's a nice big touchscreen and so
so then now what Nintendo is asking
people to do with this is add it to
their carry instead of replace like you
know like hey this could be a tablet and
a gaming device you don't need to bring
your iPad you could bring this but now
they're saying you need to bring your
phone your iPad end this stupid stupid
Netflix and YouTube should be minimum
bare fucking minimum Jewish Maximus and
pathetic since 6 months I'm so happy my
half year Amazon of ursery was a
technical difficulty stream thanks for
the entertainment guys you know
sometimes all the streams are technical
difficulty streams Kay's 87 427 fucking
months in a row says I've played like 20
hours of this game this weekend I'm
hoping I can hustle through the Edit
tomorrow and really delve into Zelda so
far it's been like an hour
edit our Zelda hour at it
leftover beefcake for 28 fucking months
in a row says snitches get stitches if
they snitch about switches nice dream
sign for 13 months in a row and borin
Tiberius Kirk for 18 months in a row
says a year and a half of this Oh
humanity also you can't copy save files
off the switch and eventually will have
to delete saves to make space that's
that's ok because you're only gonna have
3 games on the switch unacceptable
everywhere everyone was praising
Nintendo so in case anyone missed that
you cannot upload your save files to say
like a memory card and this has you know
an expandable memory card slot you can
you can add like a flash memory the fact
that transfer but can you at least use a
flash card as memory even if you can't
transfer it for whatever bizarre reason
I would assume no well you can use a
flash card to like download a game onto
so then do does the save file save to
the system or to where the game is
stored that's the question no it's
unacceptable as games get bigger as save
files get bigger we need to be able to
monitor our shit there are plenty of
SNES and GBA games to play yes on your
PC emulated you don't need a fucking
switch for that shit this new subscriber
says I've started a petition to get our
lovers and love released I only have one
signature so far and it's hack bought
5000 you got a pester Jay on that yeah
evil Lord David says hey guys David here
four months in a row I love you so much
oh sorry
I got worried about where I was living
off I forgot you were trying to say
something about I was in love you just
got pestered Rae about that if you want
our lovers in love release that's that's
a technically that is a Jane Mike
decision okay oz Mike twenty six fucking
months and a rose
hey guys hope you have a great stream
with the switch I am having health
problems at the moment so I might need
to check the stream tomorrow
enjoy alright thanks I was making good
luck feel better only had a switch to
play at the doctor's office or a tablet
you can read articles that are dating
good books watch movies you had to worry
but only having two hours play a game
then you gotta stop I was into the huh
clone 27:27 twelve months in a roses
twelve month anniversary the clown
stream is a year old what clone stream
did you do a classroom not one of the
days those guitar about dropsy oh yeah
did I play that drops again okay I
didn't think that was that a popular of
a stream but it's flannel beard beer
coaster says couches looking good
oh it's a great you know what there's a
great couch it's a great fucking couch
you're gonna see a whole lot of it and
you know I'm saying you can see a whole
lot of this couch coming up soon spoiler
couch couch spoiler alert Sagan twelve
twenty twenty five months of the Roses
thanks guys
though a slight problem yeah what the
couch you know what never minute I don't
want to spoil it
I'll talk to you about it
t CLP 999th twenty nine fucking months
in a row and I know if I stood fucking
forsaken one to do again Sagan 12 2025
fucking months in a room blabbered says
if you have a cowboy hat go grab it and
put it on and so lucky is somewhat
geillis so like Alice I think
it wasn't with weird names original it's
wrong with Bob well but if everyone does
that Bob one two three four five one Bob
one two three four five six seven eight
five three three eight - how come you're
not mousing over to close the stream
during this tirade I can only assume our
analytics go way down there was a fine
endpoint and we missed it
I should I should have been on that for
analytics go down during the reading of
the names I'm almost sure they do
I'm almost sure maybe not the YouTube
videos movies
