Episode 748
Best of the Wild (part 1)
April 14, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gO-LTeBpgYM
___________________________________________

trying again trying to stream again we
might be streaming right right the
middle of a cutscene does it matter for
spoilers sure it does
the stream is now live oh well either we
were gonna start right before the
cutscene or in the middle either way
I've warned them about spoilers we are
streaming this time so at first I
thought there might be some Phoenix
right tonight I'm definitely not feeling
a hundred percent as far as like you
might be okay ish but if we get like two
hours into the stream and you're two
starts hurting because you're screaming
is Phoenix right it's gonna make for a
bad stream and that's why the decision
was made to play some more Zelda which I
know rich is enjoying the crap out yeah
the ever-loving crap out of my tooth is
alright you know that's glowing well I
get anything if I go okay you can pray
rich it's working it's working I know I
have an appointment to get my tooth
fixed it's just not yet it's not fixed
yet so you know
are you wearing the green outfit
yeah well green outfit the one you get
from the smash brothers amiibo Oh since
while ID princess outfit yeah you have
to pay for the amiibo to get that in the
game you know there's a season pass you
know that yeah I know there's gonna be
some kind of content I think you know
they they can do it right you know okay
I say sure some more mini dungeons some
more maybe you know open up another area
than they have for something like that
could be fun now I can just walk through
there
oh shit those those guys oh we I don't
forget about those guys well hey never
fought one of those I'm assuming you
just blow up the the world of MIDI gosh
yeah I assume it's pretty similar to the
tanks but also you can just stay out of
their beam right and that is let's see
that's usually that's my plan Jack I can
do some great dental work on the cheap
for you I'm not formally trained but I
know my stuff I have a perfectly capable
dentist I am on the schedule to get my
route Rican Al's which I'm very excited
about what's this what's this just a log
by the way that's that's what the game
should be called bridge is what's this
what's this what's that it's it's an
open world where you might actually find
interesting things yeah I agree I agree
Zelda has drones that's true Zelda has
drones now though that takes place in a
poke of post-apocalyptic future where
the robots just kind of go and do their
own thing that's really accurate yeah
that is shockingly accurate for a Zelda
game it's great you know what it's a
great game I was I was just I was I was
playing a little Issac on my switch
today and I accidentally clicked on one
thing meat meat killing the wolf
yes I get me
so what why meet seven out of ten game
as per the almighty Jim sterling I think
that's a fair assessment I Italian up my
the the switch keeps track of your
playtime in hours which is great and I
have 65 hours of breath of the wild and
I've only played it for the review and
it I was just telling rich before we
started it felt like maybe 20 and it was
65 hours which which should give you a
good idea of all this stuff a and B a B
a and B Nintendo yeah why are they
fucking swish I hit the button which
naturally should be the button to make
your horse gallop only here it's the
jump off the horse button yeah the the
am B switch around is on it takes a
little bit to get used to and you never
really get used to it this is actually I
think a green horse rich just got this
green horse with a little the white
muzzle and I think it's a nice-looking
horse nice-looking horse
do I engage what do you got you got a
good weapon but you know the a button
like this has been a staple of Nintendo
console since forever it's how they'd
have the DS right now like it's just how
Nintendo does it Nintendo doesn't give a
fuck about conforming to modern
controllers they do their own thing I
desperately want a pink horse but I've
only seen one I have a pretty have a
pretty sweet white horse I was really
excited about it good stats really good
stats on that white horse and it's like
all white and so I was like yeah I know
oh you know are we go about to get in
some shit right here we're gonna we're
about to get into some deep shit
oh we're about to get into some shit
everyone last stream I I ran screaming
from one of these guys yes I remember
all right I push it away because I'm
always way too loud oh I know but you
seem to be
white whores yes I will I have a white
whore and also a white horse I found a
white horse in the game ooh a blue maned
oh and you can you can fry the fairies
but you don't actually cook them you
just like distill some of their fairy
juice okay you put you put a fairy in
the cooking pot and if the fairy flies
away but then you get like a fairy
potion off as your defense offense or
defense mmm
offense it's got to be offense right
kill it faster right kill it faster rich
kill it faster is the best defense it
can't hurt you if it's dead that's what
I say and agreed with whoever said that
fighting these guys fighting the
Lionel's is one of the greatest fights
is they are great they are great enemy
to fight
sorry epi Jam no Phoenix right tonight
for many reasons I want to make sure
Jack's tooth is like actually fixed yeah
yeah and Phoenix right involves a lot of
screaming on my part and we look at that
shield with like the two half-moons
yeah that's sweet shield I got that in
zora's domain oh nice come on you jerk
now that should have been our dodge my
timing is all off
I should have want the defense yeah
nice dodge nice dodge
captain blue yes we've come across a
great fairy fountains I don't know if
Richard found all who look at his she
got two of them you got two of them
oh he's got fire power he's got fire
power Ron rich this is a straight-up
Tuffy hmm all right all right
hey Prince isn't cutting it we're going
with defense that's now I'll try oh you
know what pair I got I got health up the
bud yeah we're okay
Negro head cuz you can you can only have
one stat upgrade at a time
so right now rich has three minutes of
attack up and if he chose to go defense
up he would lose all of that attack up
what you have to press it while you're
in slow mo F it's too slow you didn't
press it took me too long to switch
weapon yeah did you get did you get a
stasis upgrade yet yeah you can put him
in stasis
I could I could come on rich has a
strategy already
whoa damn you like what are you doing
I'm trying to get the the dodge rush
thing going working my timings off I had
it I headed down on the other Lionel's I
faced oh sure
also I want to get up if you get right
in the face yeah you get one you get to
mount him and attack him oh really
yeah but I can't get I can't get that
going on fuck I can you pet him and tame
him
no but I can I can jump on his back and
attack him I'd love it if you could ride
a Lionel like that just pet him enough
and that could be your horse I mean I
know that wasn't a super dodge but that
was a pretty nice dodge that was super -
get in there get in there kick his
fucking ass is is Zelda worth buying a
switch for has this been decided yet
it's it's a really good game I know both
rich and I really liked it and very much
recommend the game by getting the switch
is all up to you you know if you already
have a Wii U and
Oh what what
horseshit horseshit I got a minute of
attack you got a minute left of attack
you can get him that's the thing like I
miss mecha zero I'm with you if if you
are into mobile gaming if you travel a
lot if you fly a lot if you play a lot
of mobile games
I think the switch is worth it I think
it's great what if you don't necessarily
care about mobile gaming his his his
arrow is magic rich rich you have four
or five parts
is that it yeah that's it nicely done
any practice you know what you beat him
so nicely done
mighty lie no sword that's awesome and
horned fire arrows like guts nice great
mighty line old bow oh look at that
badass shield oh yeah I need to find
head Stu has to how many times have you
found him twice where's the third time I
don't care about spoilers like that
video did he already did he tell you
that he was heading home he does every
he did the first time and he did the
second time I have no reason to believe
will actually make it home I think I
found one I say the third time he's home
really cuz like the one time is on the
road and then the second time he's like
right by a horse stable right right yeah
the third time he's at home do you know
where home is
and what's in the forest which I don't
think I'm all that far away from can I
can I see your map for a second that's
other certainly it's on the other side
that's it over here the map you have not
yeah it's in here
oh no no it's in the great Hyrule forest
oh it's in here yeah okay I don't know
what's over there I forget there's you
so fucking much they're so fucking much
spoilers much welcome to this dream yeah
listen
spoiler heavy stream I'm sorry I really
want to play more fucking seldom and
this is what we're playing so we're very
sorry if if we're spoil anything but
okay where are we rich on the last
stream you asked if there were any good
World War 1 movies the answer is a
resounding yes Stanley Kubrick's
path of glory is on the short list of
the greatest war movies ever made okay
you know I'm Cooper fan I have not seen
that one
I got for first love that's tummy that's
the time I got it I got fairly low over
the place great then you're great I got
more fairies in the manhole jack that's
oh that's a that's a zing rich Evans
sinking ah ah ah
Cowell Crowe Lee Raptor says in the
latest episodes of best and the worst in
the video room there is a clear perspex
glass box with what looks like a tiny
kidney in it what on earth is it is it
possible it removed skeleton it looks
like I know exactly what you're talking
about yeah should we what should we do
so this should be a price what
there should be a prize for guessing
what it is no I want to say Jay has
answered this question before
does anybody at well without saying
anything else is anybody in the chat
getting it if they don't we set up a
price we could drop a hint or two later
on we can tell the twat sure to pick out
any word right yeah okay I know exactly
what word yeah somebody knows somebody
knows okay so Jay has said it then has
answered on Twitter all right all right
god darn you Jay it is an on screen prop
used in gremlins 2 and hold on I'll show
up bring it closer to the camera
focus this is what you're talking about
so it's like a little that's what
they're talking about
thunderstorms thunderstorms good anyway
so it is an on screen prop it is an on
screen prop used in gremlins too
how is the soundtrack for breath of the
wild I don't like it it's terrible
it's beyond I don't like it it's it's
weak weak to non-existent it's super
weak what it sounds like to me is temp
music like a lot of it is just like
really blinky light piano and it sounds
like placeholder music someone says oh
yeah we want it to kind of sound like
this and then they never finished it
thinking thinking of Skyward Sword yeah
I will I will take a great game and
shitty sounding music over this
wonderful beautiful most orchestral most
greatest scores oh those ever had a blog
game you know yeah oh right it's not the
biggest deal but and I know it's like
especially not a big deal for Richard
generally doesn't like listen to the
games leather or listens to other stuff
while you play the games but for me I
you know good score can elevate
something and it's a really weak score
really weak
like every shrine you enter uses the
same music and you lose a sense of
uniqueness absolutely and the shrine
music in general is just like this kind
of droning ambient thing and then
there's this blinky weak piano music
it's all super weak that's that's one of
my biggest criticisms but like rich said
if if that's what your biggest criticism
is you should be you're fine still a
very good game Wow
there's only sometimes great yeah I mean
yeah sometimes you'll get that classic
Zelda theme but but sometimes now
hi Banga Doug why don't they kill your
horse why don't what kill our horse the
bad guys sometimes they do the horse is
close enough yeah they prioritize you
which makes a fair amount of sense but I
know I had one to go after my horse they
do right yeah how's the switch for
streaming so far like anything else you
know I plug it into the capture card and
it streams fine so it's just an HDMI out
so far it doesn't have that um you know
like the ps4 has a what do they call it
HDCP High Definition copyright
protection mm hm
that you need to enable if you want to
watch something like Netflix on ps4 but
you need to disable if you want to hook
it up to a capture card to stream with
so so far though the switch doesn't have
anything like Netflix or YouTube so they
don't need to worry about HD CP at the
moment how much money will you guys be
losing on youtube plays with these
streams I don't know we don't make that
much money off of youtube anyway what
live streams get what like a couple
thousand views each sure does it all
adds up and you know what we haven't we
haven't uploaded any of the switch
streams to YouTube yet so we don't know
how crazy Nintendo's being with
copyright claims
I know you for sure answer this before
but how do you do something like the 3ds
I actually got a special modded 3ds I
bought it and it costs it costs a lot of
extra money is a special modded 3ds that
actually has a oh my god what are you
doing putting on better armor I still
got my stealth stuff ah I'm a fruit cake
adjust your camera so I got a special
mounted 3d s that actually has a capture
card out and it's a special USB port
that you can plug in you have to use a
special special software program to
record footage from it but it's great
get out of the guy though get away force
I would any game company give a shit
about people playing their games on
Twitch Nintendo is a very old-school
company and they they they are adverse
to change so that's why Nintendo still
puts copyright claims YouTube footage
for games because they're they're out of
the loop they're out of the loop okay
let's see Humberto Cabbage Patch says
Dave Chappelle's Netflix specials were
fucking dope I like Dave Chappelle I
like him as a stand-up comedian I
believe they are dope to Power Rangers
looks like delicious flock I'm more and
more looking forward to seeing the Power
Rangers that's what I've heard it's just
it's just goofy and that's what it needs
to be three continue the XCOM run soon
eventually rich rich really wanted to
play Zelda he's in a Zelda kind of place
fuck Wow fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
none of that went well Oh none of that
went well
LT can't be I have not even had a chance
to play Orissa yet I've been I've been
editing the the Zelda previously
recorded and having a tiny mental
breakdown because of how bad it is so I
haven't even had a chance to play
overwatch overwatch as a new character
and and she was just rolled out today or
yesterday I forget what what did you say
was bad
the Zelda previously located we recorded
this l2 previously recorded and here's a
little here's a little sneak peek into
how we do things when we first started
the show rich and I would sit down and
make an outline well at first we didn't
at first we didn't and it went terrible
yeah it was hard it was hard to edit and
then one day you know I was like let's
let's have an outline first let's see
it's going a little battle plan before
we just start talking about something
and then we're all over the place
yeah so we started having an outline
mm-hmm so we started having an outline
and it worked out okay the the problem
with the outline like it works out great
in editing because you know we would
talk about all the things in their
correct chunks so it was a breeze to
edit the problem was a lot of times we
would make a comments while we were
writing the outline that was funny and
we'd get a good natural reaction from
the other person and then that natural
reaction wouldn't happen during the
actual shooting of the episode because
we already knew that joke was coming so
he said hey we've been doing this long
enough we don't need the outline anymore
because we kind of know how this goes
and it doesn't work all that well all
the time where the help that's crazy
horse like this crazy horse that's a
mountain horse are they're rich that's
what you got right there you got a
mountain horse
all right I'm probably better off going
from the sky jump off that cliff mm-hmm
maybe that's where I want to be so I'm
editing the Zelda breath of the wild
episode we didn't write an outline for
it rich and I are all over the place we
start a sentence five minutes into this
discussion we finished that thought 30
minutes later after talking about other
things it's a mess it's horrible to edit
and then as we're talking after we had
the discussion we missed so many things
we wanted to talk yeah yeah so many
things and we started compiling a list
and we said well okay how about we'll
just reshoot just for the things that we
missed ooh yep now pet him he did a good
job you killed the Fox reward his murder
rich reward his murder
and then eventually editing it was so
stressful for me rich I had a really
good idea and just like let's just
refute the whole fucking thing yeah
let's just reshoot the whole fucking
thing now pet your horse cuz he killed
it again
reward him for murder and so that's what
we're gonna do tomorrow we're gonna
reshoot the whole fucking episode we're
gonna write an outline and we're gonna
save Jack a bunch of stress and I'm
really happy about them I'm very very
excited about that
absolutely what time tomorrow are you
free for that earlier the better all
right that's fine so I'm fine with that
okay earlier the better I don't know if
I can get you to roll out at like noon
ish okay we do like maybe noon in 30 our
new 33rd gave me a little bit of
breathing room my lazy my lazy ass I
know I know you have a drastically
different schedule than I do
oh yes reward his murder rich him some
love I did he how there there you go
every time you kill something I usually
you can only reward them at very
specific time I think killing stuff
stresses them out it's like battling to
them oh yeah and so then you know you
have to make sure to pet him afterwards
to reward is that doing damage to the
horse I don't wanna I don't want the
horse to die know it there's no damage
to the horse who's that another winel oh
my god are you ready for another line
I'll fight already are you ready for
another one I think could be I'll have
to farm some resources after this shit
sure hold on I'll be right back I need
to water you keep playing yeah I'm gonna
quietly play I'm sorry I'm just too into
this
by the way you can even you can feed
your horse
got a butterfly scent all right get that
butterfly if we got a butterfly are you
summer wing I got one of you what if we
oh shit fire back yeah coupons rich hey
go there you go hey everyone hey I'm
back
I got a water I feel pretty good about
that did rich do the maze yet no it's uh
it's it's opened up on your map I see I
know where it is I just haven't done it
yet ever that was a great that was one
of one of those great see it in the
distance kind of moments for me that was
before I had unlocked the map oh yeah
and I I tried to do the map first when I
get to an area oh sure
like I just I was mountain climbing and
i-i-i i stumbled upon the maze and it
was one of those holy shit moments
there's a maze out in the distance no
curb you're skyrim i have not played
anymore horizon zero dawn since the
review mostly because I've been busy
editing I was mostly busy as editing and
and I was neglecting you know what I was
neglecting rich I was neglecting my
input which is more important than I
think people realize your input my input
when when you are a content creator huh
you're you're constantly dealing with
output right okay okay we make stuff
right we're editing stuff and I was
neglecting my input I was uh like I was
behind on a bunch of shows I wanted to
watch a bunch of games I want to play I
wasn't feeding my embraced I wasn't
feeding the beast and so I think that's
where a lot of the editing stress came
from too because like I don't like how
this is and everything I make is garbage
and it all sucks so after we talked
today I just spent the whole day like
watching shows and it was
rain and it was great how did I get the
classic link armor on amiibo the Smash
Brothers link amiibo here's the thing
the first time you use it you get
opponent oh ok the second time you get
it you have a random chance to get one
piece of the outfit
so you had to win the lottery three
times I essentially cheated I used I
saved
I used the amiibo if I didn't get what I
wanted if I didn't get either the the
Hat the sure the tunic or the pants I
just reloaded the same then I scanned
the amiibo and then if I got like I got
like the Hat right yeah so then I would
save the game move the switch clock
ahead of day because you can only use it
once per 24 hours or you bastard I know
this is the way they did that was
bullshit yeah yeah so I didn't really
care agreed what did I watch I was
catching up on the flash today I was I'm
like four episodes behind in all of my
CW garbage shows Oh flame blade flame
blade I said I've watched a bunch of the
flash last night Lisa and I were binging
on iron fists iron face is getting a bad
rap yeah yeah it's getting a real bad
rap people do not like iron fist and
it's it's it's bad there are elements of
it that are bad but it's not the worst
the actor who plays Danny Rand has quite
possibly the ugliest beard ever and
you're looking at his dumb face the
whole show and I hate looking at his
dumb dumb face I've got so much
electricity
I got so much I got so much elemental I
mean that electricity yeah that's good
elementals good but it's not it's not
the worst Iron Fist
some some interesting characters none of
none of whom none of which are Iron Fist
Iron Fist is not a very interesting
character but the people he around am i
interesting characters mm-hmm
and it's it's an all right show I kind
of stayed away from reviews of it and
Lisa had seen some reviews in that she
she said hey so have you heard what
people are saying about this I said no
so it must be really good or really bad
she's like oh then I won't tell you I
said oh okay so it just means it's
really bad yeah but it's not the real
problem is the first two episodes are
legitimately boring achingly boring it's
shot really flat and stale the way it's
edited it seems like they left an extra
half a second after everyone's line so
someone will finish a line then I'll cut
someone will say they're lying they'll
finish their line then cut it's it's all
very boring it's all very boring the
first two episodes after that it picks
up a little bit and we stand any finally
trims is damn ugly beard but so it
doesn't look very interesting the the
dialogue is pretty cheesy it's it's
edited very poorly but it's alright it's
alright if you can get past those first
two episodes it's a fine show and more
importantly if you've watched all of the
other Marvel shows you can't you kind of
have to watch this one because then the
did you got two defenders next you want
to know what's going on with the
defenders do I
I
do I want to know what's going on with
the defenders are you gonna watch the
defenders I know my a might I saw that
up before I watch the defenders I still
got a finished season two of daredevil
oh yeah you do my free time is going to
this yeah that's and that's fair it
that's absolutely fair I don't have to
know you don't have to watch it I'm
saying if you're planning on watching
defenders anyway
you you should watch this just so you
know what's going on
we're know your parts they get to click
on Doctor Doom it up I just watched
episode four and five I thought one
through three were pretty boring and I
almost gave up before and five were
really good yeah and that's what it is
I think episode in a perfect world we
can get a fan edit of episode one and
two and cut it down to one episode like
that's how much filler there is in the
first two episodes is you can easily
convince that into one episode ah for
your bed it gets extra points for using
a run the jewel song during a fight
scene so that was pretty awesome during
a build-up to a fight scene so so you
know it's got to be good right
fire is incredibly strong and in this
elder universe but yeah it is I agree I
agree
almost cuz I gave him the carrot he's
got the extra stamina that's nice that's
nice
every thing I want here the fight scenes
look like they're in slow motion they're
so bad and no they're not so bad they're
not the worst much better than anything
that came out of Luke Cage I'll tell you
what oh we got an ancient gear nice yeah
that was our important oh fuck those are
important you need those need those
gears yeah I'm interested in watching
the ghost in the shell' film I mean I'm
interested I am a big fan of the old
anime so we'll see how it it's more
curiosity like I don't think it's going
to be good or bad
I'm just really curious almost like like
with that then Beauty and the Beast
remake we're just like what's the point
we already have something that's good
why are they making a ghost in the
shell' remake we already have something
at nighttime in this area is so
obnoxious lot of skeletons everything
about the ghost in the shell' film
screams bad it could high-street CEO it
could be bad but we'll see I'm really
interested on how they handle a couple a
couple scenes and I'll be seeing it I
will be seeing it let's see here sorry
chin says a bit bummed about Phoenix
right but it's okay I hope you feel
better Jack is the appointment before
this Sunday no it's nice next week but
question is well you know you gotta heal
after we're oh yeah getting major dental
work here's what I'll say like right now
like I chewed some gum because I just
had an energy drink and I didn't want to
sit next to rich with energy drink
breath just after chewing some gum I
know but I'm trying to be courteous okay
okay after chewing some gum my tooth is
a little sensitive it doesn't hurt but I
can feel it you know
if I can go all through the week Oh
what's on the tree there beetle beetle
nice I know my nice if I can go all week
without any pain we might be able to do
Phoenix for it on Sunday okay so so
maybe oh also rich have you seen gotten
the giant black again and horse yet it's
huge now you can get a giant I've I have
been taking my sweet-ass time I think
with this go about this I I've been
looking forward to this I didn't want to
I got a plate as quickly as I can so I
can do a review and I was like this is
my vacation her this is my this is this
is something to say this is something to
savor
oh no but you still got plenty of hours
in before our discussion yeah no yeah
yeah no I've been I've been exploring
like a motherfucker and like that's the
fantastic thing about this game is like
look at how much map you have yet to
discover yeah but I mean I've been like
all these notes I've been leaving and
where that's kind of stuff I've been
doing
oh sure but I think it's great like how
much is left for you yeah we'll check
your hour mark once we're done here just
to see how it's amazing it's a great
game great game really recommended
overall he's one of the spear Lionel's
I hate those I might not bother I'm not
going to no way to turn around what's in
the distance there that's oh you're
right lower higher oh you know what I
thought I saw a bridge I thought I saw a
bridge that's like oh look at that
bridge over there you show people the
the the maze in the distance thing is
awesome that thing is awesome and creepy
I loved it I gotta figure out how to get
in look at that thing
just a big creepy maze said a main story
thing or is there just like a shrine in
there
here's the fun thing it is not a main
story thing good
all right then I'll do them there's just
yeah we'll do that there's just shit
everywhere it's beautiful
where do you want to go I don't know oh
the fuck is this oh uh it's a hole and
there's gotta be something you could put
in a hole nearby here red that's how
this works
maybe that's how this works have you
have you done goron golf yet not goron
golf no I've done knocked the thing in
the hole to find the cork so there is a
somewhere else in here you can actually
run into a golf course like it's a
little bolder and a little golf course
and you have to hit the boulder into the
hole so this might be like a second golf
course after you defeat the first golf
course cuz I don't see any wrong way
that's what's what's that Palace it's
just a pile of rocks there's not like a
yeah could be a rock monster anything
could be a rock monster rich I want to
fight that guy and I don't then don't to
be fun
it could be you get to choose rich then
my horse has been hit a few times I
don't want to risk my horse dying sure
sure
TC 209 yeah I believe that
how big is the world in breadth of the
wild compared to other open world games
well define big as big as big just
physical size or is it is density a
factor both this is all I mean this is
it's huge
I'm trying to compare it to like san
andreas might be bigger san andreas
might be bigger but there's this has
more stuff to do yes and if we were to
compare this to horizon zero dawn I want
to say that this map is bigger than
horizon zero dawn both have about equal
stuff to do but the stuff in Zelda is
more varied I I wasn't finding the
interesting discoveries in zero Dom like
I am in this that's what that's what I'm
saying about more yeah yeah bricen zero
dawn had kind of cookie cutter things on
all their maps a far cry a Blood Dragon
the Mad Max get like you you be soft
style open-world games lots of it yeah
but every section you know what you're
gonna find so it feel small right every
every areas got the the the tower that
located everything and you got the the
one the base you gotta clear the base
and then you got to knock down the all
of the signpost it feels like there's
more actual unique things you find here
yes agree I agree where did I get my
armor which armor are you talking about
I've changed outfits a lot what I'm
wearing now in this game this shirt and
that bandana they came from dungeons
I don't remember specifically which yeah
this is the climbing set where if you
were if you were or I don't know you're
not wearing the climb I don't have pants
you don't have to climb I have planted
pants I haven't found that one because
here's the thing also there are set
bonus yes if you could define the
climbing pants and where the full
climbing outfit you rack up that no if
you level up if you upgrade your armor
you have a I've read it twice before the
any bonuses kick in yeah great but it's
great I've got the swimming bonuses oh
okay that's important because you swim
slow a slow
I'm debating whether or not I want to
find that Lionel figure it out man
figure it the fuck out what's in it for
me jack what's in it for me if you if
you fight the Lionel you get more
weapons
I get what already I get whatever's up
that hill most likely right it's been a
while since I've had a Blood Moon I
don't want to fight him and then like
the next night I get a blood biller
that's all undone
sure just roll past him and see what's
up that he'll you don't need to fight
him you can just sprint past them good
always helpful what if they're sendin a
tree okay big-ass tree in the middle of
all the little trees let's see here no
no there's nothing in the street no
you've just you've just misled me look
it's a big tree in the center of a bunch
of little trees that is a fair
assumption rich hey rich yes says daikon
Jen I think you should watch chicken run
it's an anime that will change your mind
about Chinese cartoons
lol to be my booty chicken isn't an
anime and it's not Chinese isn't chicken
run claymation it's made by the Wallace
and problem yeah it's British yeah yeah
I unless there is a chicken run anime we
might know different things anonymous
says do you think they will make a
gremlins 3 they well everything gets
rebooted all the time
no questions yeah so probably yes
probably at some point yes John Glover
is 72 now and make would make a great
president Daniel clamp yeah yeah we
talked about that the well you weren't
there the commentary for something or
other and one of the gremlins with a
groans one okay
we're joking around about gremlins three
where they take over like Washington
like and then you get back that actor
who was clamp as like Trump you know job
as president
him as president he's gonna build a
gremlin wall perfect you gotta look at
all the gremlins incumbrance in Congress
like voting on stuff charts in the
background like the deficit just and
then you know what they balance the baby
great that'd be great
let's see here hey Jack have you heard
of make the cut editing contest from
Adobe I guess you're supposed to edit a
music video for imagine dragons the
prize is 25,000 I have not also is rich
excited for Red Dead I need to know more
about it just cuz they're making a
sequel of something doesn't mean it's
gonna be a good sequel of something sure
I'm sure there's gonna be a prequel or
new characters fine questions oh fuck it
he's he saw me fuck it no idea I wasn't
stolen I'm trying right fuck it
those magic arrows are totally bullshit
no that's fine he but he was like he was
facing the other direction and hey-ya
arrow curved back and hit you come on
come on I say I don't know the timing on
that at all sure dodge by oh he's got
different fire oh you know his fires are
creating updrafts you could jump up with
your paraglider and then slow-mo
headshot
let's see here captain blue 42 says the
biggest problem I've heard for breath of
the wild is that the voice acting is
bland everything fuck that there are so
little voice acting it really does not
matter I will be I'll be really honest
with you the the what everything brakes
too quickly I think that's true I think
that's incredibly true I think
everything breaks way too quickly too
quickly yes I don't mind the braking so
much and I hate the braking I hate all
the braking hey you know what you know
what are the sent advises exploring it's
now finding new weapons is exciting
exploring is enough incentive in itself
and I don't necessarily need I don't
need an incentive I just want to explore
as is let's see here lack of variety in
shrines and enemies now I think those
shrines have a ton of variety I don't
know what you're talking about there
what is the timing I I really enjoyed
the shrines they the shrines are are an
amazing way to do dungeons just to have
mini dungeons
drive just not working for me Jack you
are not in the updraft sea
there you go fat lot of good it did me
well I'm trying to just give me some
options right that's all I'm trying to
give you some options
I love these fights they're great these
are the best thing in the game yeah
they're great fights the the random boss
fights are great
no I I really enjoyed the variety of the
shrines they were you know there were
fun little puzzles everyone and you know
what none of them that you know they're
all tiny dungeons and so it's like it's
just one little puzzle here then you go
back to exploring and then one little
dungeon then you go back to exploring
it's I enjoyed how they did the shrines
in this game what was your other
thoughts lack of rioting enemies maybe
maybe not
I get I could if someone said that I
could see that as a valid argument all
right now I got my I got my arrow groove
back on all right well this fights going
much better oh yeah you have you re up
to your help once yet no no I'm still on
the same yeah I think by this time in
the other one you were on like yeah I
was I was rusty yeah any opinion on the
divine beasts I like the one I've seen
it's it's fine I I think the the like
these this fight right here is an
amazing fight as you can see this is a
rich a second line will fight tonight
and they're super fun and interesting
and you feel it feels like really
satisfying combat the the boss fights at
the end of the divine beasts I thought
were incredibly weak disappointingly
weak even compared to just like a normal
bow bobland fight you know
nice read that's how you do it nice one
that was a fine fight yes the main plot
bosses are a letdown but stuff like that
like that fight is great the random
bosses that you find just walking around
or fantastic
just facing normal lizards and Bo Bob
ones are great bud and and in general
the divine beasts stick got old after a
while for me not the worst the rest of
the game more than makes up for it more
than mighty Lionel spear mighty ceratin
says tips in a tip give your horse some
apples to reach match max bond much
faster max bond is permanent so it
doesn't freak out anymore yeah I gave
them I've been give them some carrots
what you been petting them where is it
okay wait wait a horse go I want to be
mobile yeah I'm gonna be I'm gonna be
I'm gonna be on the ground no no no I'm
trying to I'm gonna try to catch the bug
count you I want to catch the bug I love
it I love it you just want to catch bugs
it's game so fucking good Sam bird like
a crow that is a mountain crow range a
mountain crow
is that like max affinity do you get a
perk when when your horse loves you to
the max it listens to you your horse
does random ass shit when you're on it
yeah it went like if you just jump on a
wild horse and you know like it lets you
ride it after you pet it a bunch
sometimes it'll just decide to turn left
even though you didn't tell it to turn
left when you read when it reaches max
bond not only will it listen to whatever
you say but it will also auto stay on
path you don't need me to steer it if
you're on a road it will followed the
road automatically which is really great
for when you're like just looking around
for random shit and on the road your
horse starts off not liking you yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah because I missed the
stream and can't wait until it's on
YouTube what did you guys think of Nier
automata I didn't actually play it jack
is the only one who was plighted I have
and I thought it was alright I was the
only disappointing part is as we got
later on it was revealed to us that the
game is more of a kind of an open-world
II game and I was hoping for more of a
straightforward ah dammit that's a lot
of fucking gourmet prime meat the left
I'm sorry I am too and as rich and I
were discussing during that stream with
with this and with horizon zero dawn
before this I'm personally a little
burnt out on open-world games and I
don't think I have room in my heart or
head for another world you know right
right now it's it's it feels like a game
that I will really enjoy later on
because I enjoyed the combat the combat
was a lot of fun but I don't have enough
room in my heart for another world
okay this is there's a quest thing
that's gonna happen here then for the
blue flame it's probably a good thing
that I killed those Lionel's these guys
- bullshit
right oh it's raining rich Oh
and bloodmoon right that's what's gonna
happen
of course oh that was a headshot
I was so a headshot hey goofy little
head that hit him is goofy little head
hey our Miller welcome welcome welcome
also crow crow ler Raptor if if you do
miss our streams and can't wait until
YouTube all of them are archived
immediately when we're done streaming on
our twitch channel so if you would if if
that is possible for you and then you
can actually it saves all of the chat to
and so if you're the kind of person that
likes to read the chat while we play if
you watch our past broadcasts on twitch
you can see all of the chat as well
which is a really neat feature I think
all right well you're going first then
well yeah what a dick in do you have a
problem where when you hit right on the
d-pad sometimes it activates up know the
states that have never happened maybe
it's just the pro controller that
happens all the fucking time
I use the pro controller really yeah I
think it's just your thumbs man
yeah whoo-hoo our words are immortal
that's true
your words are immortal they are saved
they're saved forever on our past
broadcasts even the highlights II like
when I highlight something on Twitch
it saves the chat for that highlight -
oh that was I'm still wearing the
stealth outfit with shitty defense oh
that's why the trousers and twilight's
that's what those fans are called yep
the trout's I love it I love it I love
that let's see here hey guys is Cameron
Mitchell ever played the flash game
adaptation of bad movie masterpiece
their room would make a great J scream
thanks for all the fun and don't forget
to close that fucking door you know what
I didn't realize that after seeing the
Cameron Mitchell flow chart in the
slightest best of the worst yeah I
didn't realize that terror in Beverly
Hills was the latest yeah Cameron
Mitchell movie I thought that would it
would have been one of the earliest
because he seemed to be most sober
shocking shocking that's great that's
great came in Mitchell oh all right
let's find the guy in act shit how do
you want to know where to take then I'm
gonna kill these guys now I've talked to
them the person first I don't want to do
the thing I need to do and then have it
be invalidated because the quest wasn't
officially started yeah ultimately yes
hopefully everyone is enjoying all of
the noclip documentaries those are
fantastic
I'm loving the work they're doing that
they eat tells great stories great
stories about game development he just
did one on actually he just did a really
great one on discovery in game
talking with you know the guy that did
frog fractions and talking with Derek
woohoo did spelunky and just why we love
to make up stories in games and you know
like discover stuff great great series
of documentaries about games and game
makers they have a series on rocket
League there's a series on the new doom
they have an interview with who's the do
get doing guy not Carmack John Carmack
and John Romero John Romero he has an
interview with John Romero talking about
old doom days great stuff noclip highly
highly recommend I want to say his name
is Danny O'Boyle
one of the head artists on breath of the
wild stated that Lynx hat wasn't overtly
featured because it looked too silly on
current-gen hardware I beg to differ
it looks great that's that's the dumbest
thing I've ever heard I love that hood
in Cape i I never took off that hood and
Cape except for when I was climbing the
the elf hats weird no it's fine you know
it's fine it's weird out that you're
weird yes yes I am look at this what do
you got this rocks that's gonna be gold
or something
oh sure fire because you blew it up I
don't have a hammer
sure but you could hit it with your
spear it would crack your spear pretty
quickly but a crack a spear then it
wasn't then it was then you wouldn't
lose him
it's fine I'll find more let's see here
TC Brady 133 says have not been at a
stream in a while due to work and other
bullshit Oh hope you hope you are all
well
Dom DeLuise has never played racquetball
that's probably a statement you can make
with a fair amount of confidence yes
absolutely
Darth TM says this tip is for Jack's
fake teeth Fund eventually yes I have
horrible teeth what is Zack Snyder what
is Zack Snyder is really Lex Luthor and
his film is intentionally bad to tarnish
Superman's reputation and destroy
superheroes sure we've talked about this
many times AK Snyder has said in
interviews that he doesn't like Superman
as a character that's the man I want
it's insane that he was given that
franchise
in same captain blue 42 says sorry I
should be more specific the criticism
I've heard was lack of visual variety in
the shrines and dungeons yeah well
they're good standards prettiest
dungeons they look exactly the same
yes that's fair you know what I wouldn't
even say variety I would say it's just
an ugly design they went with it yeah
it's flat it's yes interesting but also
like most of them are short enough where
it doesn't really matter but I can see
that as a really fair criticism
absolutely absolutely there they look
Sammy
oh hello Carla Samuel see Bannister says
Superman is one of my favorite
superheroes and that just makes me sick
you need someone who understands that
Superman it's all about pure good I I
couldn't agree more and like like I said
that's that it was Zack Snyder's goal to
like change how Superman or color stand
gonna be oh good we're safe is that a
Halfmoon too you probably have so you
probably have another day another day or
two
another day or two dr. Newman up says
since Star Trek is supposed to take
place in a future version of our society
and culture does that mean that Star
Wars exists in it as some kind of 300
year old is grim tight fairy but nobody
talks about it because it's 300 years
old and people have moved on plus yeah
well like it's like I was talking about
last stream with like science fiction in
the future once once you're actually in
space and you know aliens our science
fiction goes out the window is archaic
and silly instantly instantly like if
you are travelling in a spaceship you're
not gonna want to watch a movie about
them traveling in a spaceship but that
is completely wrong is completely wrong
in all technical levels it's it's it's
amusing and silly in the way that
washing metropolis is you ever seen the
silent movie metropolis of course we're
in the future people fly around biplanes
around the city yes it's like that yeah
agreed
oh they were so wrong ohh this is so
quaint yes that's that's how they would
look upon Star Wars by this time Star
Trek happens they've all realized no one
gives a shit about Star Wars pretty much
once we are going in space we're not
really gonna care about space fantasy
too much like maybe in the beginning
days and that when not everyone can go
out into space and then people Ike oh I
want to be like those guys and got in
his face but as soon as everyone's out
in space we're not gonna care Chet how
is this a rich I hate everything Evans
moment in what way
I have expressed hate towards nothing no
you you I thought this was some lovely
insight on future sci-fi yeah fine you
know what this is fine rich don't listen
to him Tomei tone ed have you guys
noticed that horses eventually become
useless and breath of the wild
eventually you have enough shrines to
teleport anywhere or you need to explore
mountain areas they can't climb horses
are there there's enough stuff on the
road I think I have to take my clothes
off for the doctor
I'm sorry what I had to take my clothes
off for the doctors I'm pretty sure
what's going on just told you to take
all your clothes off it says if I could
see the wounds your body sustained a
hundred years ago I would believe who
you are don't reach that's the bad touch
don't fall for that lie go find anything
I think this is the solution go find an
adult or a police on a dull tat you know
rich no yeah he's not supposed to touch
you like that yes I acknowledge you as
the real link hmm as to your point about
horses becoming useless yes and no yeah
there but it's not a horse centric game
they're they're useful in two areas well
and like I said there's enough stuff on
the roads where even if you're exploring
the mountains you eventually want to go
back and run the roads because there's
shit there hmm
oh that's why I missed I missed so much
stuff during my first 15 hours because I
was only climbing everywhere I didn't
even I love him
I didn't even run in for the guy that
can expand my backpack because I wasn't
on the main roads I was climbing so you
should go on the main roads a little bit
well I asked about the thing in the
glass case and best doors from no one
answered oh well we yet we already
answered the thing in the glass case the
thing in the glass case in best of the
worst is a on screen prop from gremlins
- you might you must have missed it we
talked about it earlier I pull it put it
up to the camera earlier it's a it's a
tiny little gremlins prop that was used
on-screen during gremlins 2 and it's on
the shelf now everyone is obsessed with
that I know everyone is obsessed with it
this is weird there's a little green
it's like a bumpy goopy looking thing
why do you have a shot in a glass case
on the shelf in your class class
the prompt store certificate of
authenticity is what's behind it yes
because it looks like poo yeah it does
it looks like a tiny green poop that you
have displayed for the world look at
this green poop it came out of me
getting a little handsy there doc why
don't you take a step back or let me put
my pants back on either way either way
oh I know I've seen that epic Jason so
many old movies are coming to Blu right
now it's it's both a good and a terrible
thing that's just wasted blu-ray these
old shitty movies are all going to be
gloriously restored to blu-ray quality
so you can see every flaw that was one
of the funniest things what was the one
we watched that was on Bloor Oh ninja 3
remember ninja 3 the domination yes
seeing that on blu-ray was a joke
with crystal-clear clarity the string
that's holding up the sword that's great
well it's great it was fun for us he
likes bad movies but it's it's great
what I'm hoping for is I what what
happened to DVDs and blu-rays what
happened to all of the featurettes that
was one of the Billy begging biggest
selling points of early DVDs was
commentary behind the scenes yes
outtakes all this extra shit that you
get with your movie yes and no one is
making them anymore and and yet they're
competing with digital and they're
they're throwing out like one of the
advantages they have because digital
usually doesn't have that kind of stuff
exactly
I love commentary tracks and commentary
tracks are becoming less and less of a
standard thing people got cheap like
always yeah you're probably right alt
amazing
I would I would love for you know
something like especially with these
older movies like a tiny little like a
tiny little feature at about you know
how this movie was made why it bombed
you know the cult following it might
have it's just tiny little dock I love
all that stuff let's see here L a HD
says hey guys
are there any fellow youtubers that you
enjoy or watch and that you'd like to
work with our LM fellow youtubers praise
you by the way ie screen junkies
so anyone specifically would like to
give a shout out to I watch it noclip
like I talked about that guy all the
time those fucking documentaries are
great I I subscribe to a bunch of
YouTube channels that I really enjoy
Captain disillusion I've talked about
before he's really funny it's fun to
watch oh that Jenny lady I like her
videos I know I don't watch many people
who have anything to do with like movies
though sure yeah trying to stay away
from that but Midnight's and you should
see some of their videos here and there
okay
what's a new comic book girl 19 she's
nice but the most part it's not what I'm
watching so as far as working with
people you know I wouldn't be against it
but I'm not there's nobody I'm all I
really need to work with the third I
don't know oh right the 8-bit guy he's
great too I love his videos the eighth I
think I think the 8-bit guys is who I'm
if he does these videos on old
technology like he'll just explain how a
Commodore 64 rendered video you know
like it's the tech behind old hardware
not necessarily about like the games
themselves I think that's the aim that
guy he's great he's great
I'm trying to think I'm just trying to
think of other ones like the the the the
real problem is were not located where
these other people are located if we
were doing this out of California out of
Los Angeles
that's when doing crossover shows can
become a reality because that's where
everyone lives yeah they'd be really
easy and we'd get that synergy but the
us going out somewhere or bringing other
people in is a logistical nightmare but
you can put pants on now and you know
you don't know I lots people in your on
where did I see that guy what movie I
didn't know okay
I thought Milwaukee was a YouTube haven
I don't believe so
I don't believe so oh yeah oh yeah like
I said I still subscribe to corridor
digital a lot and their second Sam and
Nico channel cuz that's a lot of behind
the scenes stuff unfortunately like for
them they've they've hit that level now
where corridor digital kind of used to
be on a on a smaller scale but they've
hit such a notoriety level now that a
lot of their videos are are just them
saying hey we got 28 new GoPro cameras
today because GoPros the sponsor of the
show let's see what weird stuff we can
do with GoPro cameras and so like
they've hit a level where they're no
longer relatable to me because they have
a giant production crew now and I get
all this free equipment and they have a
lot of fun with it which is great but I
like the simplest stuff mmm
I like the simplest stuff I've seen very
little AVGN very little I have nothing
against AVGN yeah but his shtick got old
for me that's for me I I think I saw one
maybe two videos of his and yeah I
didn't it wasn't my thing it wasn't my
thing
Omo yo ho that's right the Gregory
Brothers and I you subscribe to
schmoyoho he does the song fi the news
that guy - what that you know the the
intro to the unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt
yeah the guy who they ape that intro
style off on the schmoyoho okay he did
all of you like songified the news song
fi this song yeah yeah yeah I like him
then that's the Gregory Brothers
auto-tuned news yeah he's great they are
great it's more than one guy they are
fantastic
who else do I subscribe to scishow your
marsai shows i show ya know what's
scishow one of the one of the brothers
names the vlogbrothers well it's one of
them okay just science news okay
i like the subject matter of vsauce
something about this boldface he looks
so smug
he looks so fucking smug i want to punch
him it's not just that he's bald just
something about hit the way he presents
himself he just seems like such a smug
son of a bitch and he has a very weird
style where he's probably very nice and
person i don't know him the way he kind
of goes from one topic to the other i i
used to subscribe to him i stopped after
a while yeah-oh tested adam do you want
that Adam everyone else other than Adam
Savage I also want to punch in the face
what's her name she did the shitty robot
girl
Simone Y it's where she makes shitty
robots do you know that 100 she like she
just comes up with silly robot ideas
like like a robot to wipe your butt okay
okay like it's just like a robot that
automatically wipes your button to do it
fails spectacularly and hilariously
Simone he it's I think her name is Oh
Linus tech tips do you watch him like it
is a bunch of community staff - tech
tips I subscribe to us by the way well I
hope so I'm just going to I'm going
through my subscription feed and
previously recorded came up so shut up
sit down I've talked about them a lot
everybody likes shut up and sit down
let's see here
Oh movie Bob I like movie Bob he does a
lot of he does a lot of interesting like
look back at old comic book characters
look back at old movies I enjoy what he
does I like that movie Bob else we got
here oh I do subscribe to you know what
I never watch his stuff I should
unsubscribe to him I subscribed to max
landis yeah and I never watched his
videos I feel I feel really terrible I
never ever watch his videos yep
I'm subscribed to him though I should
unsubscribe that might be it Oh extra
credits do you sometimes regret it sound
like there's yeah hey there all right
I really enjoy the content of extra
credits I hate the way that he had like
pitched his voice to sound higher I wish
she would just talk normal
I hear you know he does that things that
makes him like sound like a theater or
whatever and I fucking hate it I wish he
would just what about game theory game
theory yeah take some kind of theory
about something in a video game and he
uses that as a springboard to talk about
like real world science didn't you go to
youtube read I don't know I binge watch
so I lose track of shit oh sure
i-i've seen a couple of his episodes and
like it's fine I might have been a
subscriber of his and then and then he
went I thought he went YouTube red so
then I think I am sure I don't it's been
I'm out I'm not subscribed to them at
the moment
okay but I subscribe to a lot of stuff I
like I like that stuff subscribe to a
lot of different stuff
aren't you wearing a see oh that's right
CGP grey of course I love CGP grey he
doesn't put out the videos like he used
to he's all he's all about the podcasts
now I want to say he has like four
podcasts going he puts out a video every
once in a while but yeah I love CGP grey
great stuff are you
back back when I had more time to listen
to podcast I would listen to him and
Brady the the numberphile guy that's one
I'm subdued number phone number phone
yeah computer file - I'm also subscribe
to were they going to like the the tech
of older computers yeah but no no CG
Precure he is not dead he's just he's
just all about the podcast
so yeah yeah but you know what a bunch
of different stuff that's the great
thing that's the great thing let's see
anonymous says video game dunkey is an r
LM fan and into games and movies and
located in Madison he could be worth a
look a lot of the channels I subscribe
to don't do the things that we do that's
and I think that's the problem is like I
don't like I I enjoy like people who
talk about the technical side of stuff
or get like more in depth with the
creator's I don't want to like you know
rich and I have a show where we have a
conversation about a specific video game
I don't necessarily want to watch
someone else have a conversation about a
video game because I don't want it to
cloud what I'm going to say on the show
I don't want to watch someone else talk
about a movie before I see it because I
don't want it to cloud what I'm gonna
think of it that's why you know we
talked about that with Mystery Science
Theater you know with with older movies
and stuff so I don't you guys are
mentioning a lot of people I don't know
who any of these people are I've never
heard of a dunkey a video game Duncan I
don't know who dunkey is
let's see here riot crew says hey guys I
have been enjoying new shows such as the
expanse
however the depressing future portrayed
bums me out do you think a future can
look forward to do you think a future we
can look forward to is an unrealistic TV
premise now wait wait what was the first
part that what is the unrealistic TV
premise well I'm enjoying new shows such
as the expanse however the depressing
future portrayed bums me out the expanse
oh I haven't seen the expanse so I don't
know what the depressing future is the
basic set up and this isn't spoiling
anything yeah is there's Mars there's
Earth yeah and there's people who live
in the belt oh this show that rips off
zone of the enders plot where there's
like political tensions between Earth
and Mars and the belt it's ripping off
soda the end result most like beat for
beat it's based off of a book and I
don't know when the book came out yeah
yeah distance with a lack of
instantaneous communication is gonna
lead to a gulf and culture yep and
that's the idea that's inevitable so you
know it's unless you can get
instantaneous communication working the
whole the whole show you know is kind of
about these riffs and culture and more
importantly like the exploitation of
labor
it's a it's a fun show but yes a bit of
a depressing future so do you think a
future we can look forward to is an
unrealistic TV premise now it's if a a
utopian future can work in sci-fi I love
Star Trek but remember that generally
when you're watching a show you need
some drama dystopian is a really easy
way to get conflicts utopia is usually
united under one government right just
utopia is just things are generally okay
in humanity and theory is going to keep
expanding that's the nature we got more
people Haley new colonies new world we
spread out that's just nature right
that's just that's just frickin nature
of nature we're gonna go we're gonna go
until we die can you see what you know
earth one planet earth being united
under one
one government that would be that would
be pretty unlikely then you get like
unlikely like ever ever we have the
entire expanse of time until the heat
death of the universe to work with or at
least until the Sun swallows the earth
whole in a few billion years okay ever I
see people I thought you were talking
foreseeable future
one one United government I don't know
see I said tough question man and a long
enough time scale I could see that but
then once you start adding in colonies
because you know once once humanity's
spread out over a million different star
systems is that is that realistic is
that conceivable the you know the like
already just looking at America there's
already like there's this big debate
about the federal government that rules
over any everything and the state
governments right and America is pretty
large but like we're already having a
hard time just dealing with that so now
imagine the the planetary government
every country has a federal government
states have their own shit cities have
their and it's going to add a shit ton
more bureaucracy and we're having a hard
time dealing with a bureaucracy we have
right now I'm not saying it's never
going to happen just it's hard for me to
envision you know you know what would
end on what would end o or even if we
didn't get along but but at least end
war yeah
replicators absolutely if you could just
press a button and you had you don't
have to you don't have to war with
somebody else over over like oil fields
or or you need unlimited resources and I
don't think that's ever gonna happen cuz
I guess even if you got the replicator
you need the energy from somewhere I
guess you get me started building a
shitload of dyson sphere's the the the
idea though of like even if it's simple
replicators like even if we could manage
to like make sure that everyone on the
planet had enough food to
that would cut down a lot of water right
everybody nobody's gonna starve to death
boom that would cut down a shit-ton a
crime and a shit anymore that's that's
gonna be that's gonna be a tough one
like I said though it's it's the idea of
a planetary government will probably be
necessary as soon as we start leaving
the planet it's just hard it's so hard
to imagine that's out that's so outside
of my zone of thinking I guess it's a a
book letter it's a ladder to nowhere do
you guys hear this music this sucks
music this whole time this fucking this
sucks
listen just listen to it she went to bed
it's 11 o'clock now wait I need the
torture oh this is the hard part what do
I drop what do I drop wait start leaving
the planet you know I mean when we yes
when we certainly like go so far we've
we've taken vacations off of the planet
but we you know what I meant by leave
the planet is permanently leave the
planet like when people start to
colonize the moon or colonize Mars
that's when we're gonna have to start
getting our planetary shit together oh I
already got that one okay
you already did what
nothing lover gotta figure out what path
I have to take oh shit
oh yeah heads up look you ain't trying
to take that motherfucker out yeah
that's fair dude what what was that what
was that let's see here
anonymous says ashens is great you might
be interested lots of vintage games
consoles and funny musings about loot
crate unboxing funny British dude oh
thank you for the recommendation
i'ma I I really like the technical side
of stuff so a lot of the people that I
follow kind of get into how stuff works
like that's why I really I really like
computer file just the the process of
how computers can turn ones and zeros
into graphics is fascinating to me
see what you can do here it
he's very confused
where is he firing does he not see you
no I just didn't see me that's great you
did it you did it
latest episode of computer files about
CPUs is pretty good oh I haven't seen
that one ham I love that kind of stuff
that kind of that kind of technical
stuff
angry centaur gaming
he's a good reviewer and I studied music
there's some shit long video discussing
graphic design and sound design it's
really interesting yeah that's why I
really like extra credits there they're
really fun as far as talking about like
theory theory and be like the the the
purpose of art and you know something
like one of the guys on there is an
actual game developer instead of like
that's a fun one jacket rich says
Ricketts 47 do you guys get starstruck
when you hang out with Mike and Jay
that's a great question
absolutely fucking know all the time all
the time you know I it's hard because
I'm cooing so loud even to have a
conversation with me
anonymous says what do you folks think
of Jim sterling in general I like Jim
sterling shits
I hate these fuckers so much but they
have to be so goddamn many of you here
yes yes there dude just run man and just
run away from them they won't give chase
I like I like Jim I don't subscribe to
him I don't want a ton of his stuff just
because like I said I I don't want like
you know I used to watch Yahtzee all the
time but then once we started the show I
didn't want I don't want other people to
influence what I'm going to say so
unfortunately I had to stop a lot of
just kind of standard or viewers but I
liked what Jim does I think in general I
think he's alright
I think he's alright always goddamn why
are there so many mob --lens that's what
happens well you should check the moon
sometime soon to still at the same night
is it or isn't the next night I spent a
large part of that time just talking
okay less time moves while you're paused
on a talking screen with somebody I
don't think it does I don't think it
does then we're fine okay oh it's
actually kind of an obnoxious question
oh you're getting the fire yeah yeah
yeah it is between Twitter and YouTube
it's a wonder I can get anything done
sometimes by the way it's up here I'm
going our way
oh yeah your buddy here by the almost by
this table
sterling got I I heard about that
sterling got ddos'd because he gave
zelda a seven out of ten
jesus fun what is wrong with people what
the fuck is wrong with people the proper
response to him giving zelda seven out
of ten is okay if i liked it more than
he did right people are goddamn assholes
rich and you know what this is a great
game is out the breath of the wild I
have some issues with it complaints I
think the you know the pros far outweigh
anything I have to complain about
absolutely absolutely but I like there
is definitely like we don't do number
rankings but like there's a it's
conceivable to give this a seven out of
ten I would think even though we don't
do the whole number of her skating the
this whole idea and people get so
obsessed with number rankings and it's
horseshit you wonder why people can't
get an honest score out of professional
game reviewers this is why that's that's
about why thank you we've talked about
that before about you know games
reviewers giving everything a B or
giving everything a I'm eight out of ten
at the least this is why you can't
because I don't want to get DDoS in DD
Esther whatever just yeah do s denial of
service one day one day one day denial
of service what do you think the other D
means that's what I was trying to think
of cuz I thought there was something
before that of you was like I'm just
gonna hope it doesn't fucking rain that
would really that would really ruin my
day if it rained ooh a direct denial of
service is what they're saying oh that
what I be Reese gets it directed denial
of service ah so a coordinated denial of
service is uh what it is
but calling the horse put out the flame
that's why this is why we got bingo yep
that's why that's why you have your
little you little checkpoints right
there distributed denial-of-service is
that what you're saying I would believe
anything I would believe anything but
hey it's alright it's gonna be alright
Jim we got your back I know that doesn't
mean anything
I mean that means less than nothing it
means less than nothing but hey I'm
saying it I got your back dawg
I think he's British but if you ever
come to Milwaukee we'll hang out he's
not gonna come to war we drink every
time the flame goes out I think rich I
wouldn't make that mistake once they'll
be fine he's to the road already it's
not going out again yeah
listen range unless it rains and you
already killed that the tank right yeah
yeah right so be fine yeah I killed I
deliberately killed a bunch of stuff on
the way there yeah yeah knowing full
well what was gonna happen right
Jim lives in Mississippi he's a fan
though who is a fan and of what that's
that's a great that's a great question
he's an RL on phenol he's got impeccable
taste take it
actually well we might redo it I'm just
the the Zelda review that we're gonna
redo yeah I remember how we ended that
do you want to end it the same way it's
up to you I I liked it if it might be
might be you know what it might be too
old the jokes might be too old yeah we
gave it a 7 of a 10 instead of 7 out of
10 in honor of Jim sterling that's how
we ended it I know we don't usually do
number reviews but I want to give her
some really good game but had some flaws
so you know it's a good game that I'm
gonna give it a 7 out of 10 but a yeah
that uh that talking point will probably
too old by the time make it right
oh well get over there like you wanna be
on no thing I'll wait that's the time
slot
is that true jimster Jim sterling lives
in Mississippi and Yahtzee lives in
California I thought Lots he lived in
Australia yeah cuz he complained before
less he moved he moved but a page full
of shit apparently according to that
chatter Yahtzee subscribes to us on
Twitch and is in chat every once in a
while really that's what that one person
said I do not know if we don't believe
them
ha I bought his new book I haven't read
it yet I've read yeah I've read all of
these books he has a new book called
will save the galaxy for food or
something I haven't read it yet though I
really enjoyed jam all except for the
ending though there's kind of a weak
ending but jam jam is a fine book yeah
if you if you enjoy his sense of humor
here you go the ancient arrows with the
ancient arrows one hit to the eye one
hit to the I will blow up a century
Kevin Smith is in the chat all the time
and loves you guys would I lie you know
Breen isn't a chatot I get it I find ok
it's it's fine it's ok
whirring the green up for you go from
the amoeba was really lame i you know
what i prefer the hooking cape I love
that hidden cave I like I like his
hidden cave if I got to just choose an
outfit and didn't have to worry about
like the set bonuses yeah it would be
the red the red
Hylian shirt the hood and cape and the
red trousers or the regular Hylian
trousers
that's my favorite outfit 2:54 three
they're expensive they're expensive
oh wow okay but look at like look at the
one below that one the ancient blade saw
right crazy crazy how cool do you design
your videos to be usually usually I
designed them to be not topical at all
as far as up with with with like modern
news I try to I try to make them in such
a way where anyone could watch it at any
time
and that's why I like like you know what
a thing we forgot for the fucking Zelda
discussion just to give a general what
the game is we didn't give it an intro
outline Jack outline outline one we need
an outline like and everyone knows what
Zelda is but there could be someone out
there who is never played a Zelda game
watches are and watches our video and
that's what I like to design them around
is what if someone has never played a
Zelda game and watched our video
so we didn't even give like a recap of
what the game is it's an open world
action-adventure game and you play is
linked you have to rescue Princess Zelda
from the evil calamity gam Ganon you
fight this and can climb mountains and
do this we didn't do that right right
I'm a huge dickhead that's okay that's
okay we learned a lesson the lesson is
always listen to rich heavens
yeah always listen to rich Evan always
listen to riches yes and I've given rich
special instructions
I've given rich very special
instructions where in the future if I
say ah we don't need an outline we can
handle this riches to remind me of what
an asshole I am a super asshole a super
asshole
WW Rd one would riched you that's true
that's true Jack had a look at little
nightmares I don't know Jack I can
remind you of what an asshole you are
that that's hell that's helpful that's
less helpful when we're shooting an
episode because you won't be there
lah D says Jack's so glad you are liking
run run the jewels have you got to run
the jewels three yet I think it's their
best what are some of your favorite
songs of they're my favorite song it
would have to be every track unrung the
jewels three favorite albums so far yeah
I have run the Geo three it's great
favorite overall album still is two from
the jewels to that that I forget the
name of it but that fuck fuck your
slow-mo with Zack de la Rocha is so
fucking hot that blockbuster that
blockbuster has the most killer fuzzy
bass line as the backbeat I'm a dumbass
what you do
I didn't mark down where I found the
flim played on the map what enemy had
that but I wasn't you didn't that came
from the you are not a dumbass
I think run the jewels three is good but
I also think it's a little it's not as
peppy as oh we get to the maze huh
are we gonna do the maze if you want to
Ritchie you are playing the game you get
to do whatever you want
how far are you into the game well isn't
that an interesting question with this
game I'm as far as I want to be in this
game isn't that the greatest other
people who have beaten this game in like
an hour they went straight to Ganon
right yeah yeah you can do that you can
do that you can go straight to Ganon in
this game like the first thing I mean I
wouldn't be easy I into this game I'm
guessing you have more hours into this
but I've done less it as far as story
quest go and in math revelation right
all that stuff I'm and and that's the
most fantastic thing about this game
play as
you want it's great it's great so in
case I run the drills - is probably my
favorite because it has the most it has
it has the the songs that I can Bob my
head and tap my toe - after that I like
run the jewels one they were they were
really going balls out and run the
drills three was great fucking amazing
hip hop run the jewels I recommend all
albums but I'm not gonna be able to get
there
