Episode 752
Adventures in Attorney-ing (Part 3)
April 20, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eeuZZtj0X8o
___________________________________________

the upper 30s lower 3d is lower there we
go there's that and then they should
probably see us - where is it there it
is everything's everything is in order
everything's back okay we're back hello
everybody we're back I gotta get the
thing with the readers we had a whole
rich we had a whole plan we had a whole
plan we're gonna come back and read tips
because we haven't you know especially
when we play games like this like it's
really important that we pay attention
to the details and it would be
impossible to do tips normally and play
this exactly Thanks
so now we'll take a little break read
some tips I finished before we read tips
I know I talked about this a little bit
before our iron fist
there are no new tips wait there's one
there's one well X out and start stream
tip over again because sometimes it
needs to load while you're doing that I
want to talk about iron fist for a
second okay overall like not the worst
the show in the world it's not very good
I think it's like mostly boring oh yeah
oh yeah they're all there yeah but uh
but not the worst you know it's not the
worst it has one of the bests he's not
really the villain but bad guys okay
it's he's this one of the one of the
people who's kind of trying to stop him
from coming back and getting his
business Danny ran from getting his
business back Ward Meacham is the
character's name and he's this like just
eternal fuckup and he just keeps fucking
up and he's the bad guy and he makes
really bad decisions but it's all really
in character you know over overall like
I'm not gonna watch the show again it's
not incredibly good but it's it's mostly
better than Luke Cage because it hasn't
in action sequences okay it's nothing
special I'm now more prepared for the
defenders which I'm excited about only
because hopefully Daredevil and Jessica
Jones can carry that shit hey I like
daredevil why am I not super excited
about the rest of their superhero lineup
on Netflix why do I not like I'm
finished Iron Fist I don't give no fucks
this is just not very good well even
before it came out yeah whatever that's
weird cuz like you know after daredevil
it's like yeah okay they made a good one
and then after Jessica Jones you're like
oh alright they make another you ain't
get far - Jessica Jones so I can finish
it it's brilliant alright it's fucking
brilliant and it was like for me
daredevil was like hey the story's kind
of simplistic him as a character is very
archetypal but normal huh it's very
archetypal archetypal is that I said you
said yeah archetypal archetypal I
thought I thought it was pronounced
archetypal and I could be in its
archetype and then you pronounce it
archetypal chad is gonna tell me I'm
wrong in three two tipple okay
archetypal archetypal are could type oh
no never mind I'm wrong archetypal
Daredevils of characters is very tropi
how about that is that a better way to
put it ARCA typical archetypical I
thought it was right
oh thank you for I grew up on a farm at
it I never had we didn't have archetypes
on the farm but the action is really
good right and the characters are really
good and very engaging in daredevil
Jessica Jones I think is brilliant it's
a brilliant use of the medium it's an
allegory for trauma and they mail it
Jessica Jones so good not not a lot of
good action though and Jessica sure
that's just what I would expect right
right but great characters great story
then Luke Cage that was a hard turn for
me where it's just like oh that's a big
failure
because like Daredevils good I really
like Jessica Jones Luke Cage was a big
failure for me iron fist it's like and
this is all right
I think if iron fist would have come out
right after Jessica Jones I might have
called iron fist a big failure too so
you're saying the the Netflix Marvel
expanded universe yeah it's like a
glider it's like it doesn't go up I have
some flaws of this no no no no no aah no
it's not like a glider because I would I
would put Daredevil and Jessica Jones on
the same level for different reasons
okay Luke Cage was a huge drop-off and
iron fist is like iron fist then kind of
like limps to the finish so yeah it's a
glider that crashed and then the pilot
lipped it to the hospital it's exactly
what it is and hopefully by the time we
get to the defenders they will have
fixed their broken leg okay that's all I
had about Iran fist have some faith in
defenders in Punisher I will be back for
Punisher that's for sure
oh sure and you know what I have some
faith in to the defenders because Luke
Cage worked well in Jessica Jones
he worked well as a supporting character
yeah Danny ran could probably work well
as a supporting character okay okay
great so what do we have here were tired
and sad says what do you think is more
odd about Mike that he thinks ghosts
might be real or his love for the work
of Renny Harlin darhat die hard - etc
what's wrong with that hard - I'm not
really wrong with either of these things
what's wrong with die hard - I could
appreciate like ghost stories and and
and paranormal investigators but I don't
believe any of it right but it's fun
stuff oh I
anything it's fun and Mike might
appreciate it in that way yeah sure I'm
not gonna go all out and say he believes
they exist I'm gonna give my credit oh
you might yeah you might think the like
time echoes or something they're not
time echoes I like that though I like
somebody shaking cameras all of those
shows all of those shows are complete
silence and then someone goes problems
did you get it what's that oh my god did
you hear I totally heard that did you
hear that stupid shows I hate those
those shows are so dumb okay what else
we got turn sad also says yep if justice
league is as dumb and unsuccessful as
the new trailer will it be the last in
this series how much money will it make
it can be as dumb as it wants to be as
long as it's making the appropriate
amount of money though don't keep
fucking doing it this this could be the
the new Transformers what transformers
are they on now 5 5 I think they're on
transformers 5 now preparing for a
transformer 6 and here's the thing the
Transformers series is you and I thought
they're preparing for 5 oh maybe there's
4 out now and they're preparing for 5 I
don't I don't know they all look the
same
here's the point transformer series I'm
racist against transforming robots
absolutely they all look the same how
different the transformer series is
universally panned by critics
it's the butt of everyone's joke right
uh-huh they make a ton of money that's
where the DC Universe is heading so if
you loved one of those characters you're
just gonna be the joke of cinema for for
a long time I mean people keep saying
that you know Batman vs Superman was a
financial disappointment still made 800
million or a shitload of money didn't
make his money as much as they were
thinking didn't make as much as they
were thinking but was it still quite
profitable but remember though it's
still quite profitable we well we don't
know for sure because they advertise
got and remember that Studios don't base
their profit on one movie that could
have been that for them that should have
been their big movie that propped up
other movies that might not have
performed as well so for them that movie
not performing as high as it should have
means that their overall profit is down
it was supposed to make as much as
Avengers I know what it was supposed to
make right irrelevant if if I invest $4
and I expect to make 10 back yeah but I
only make 8 I might keep investing $4
just because hey I still get eight back
well but to use your analogy it's like
you vet you invest $4 here yeah and then
you invest 3 $1 or you invest $1 and
three other things right right and the
three other $1 things don't return on
investment and so you're banking on that
$4 to make up for the $3 of the
discussion but Batman vs Superman is
still making the $4 maybe well but the
question is the question is is it making
the seven dollars and this metaphor has
just got labor they're coming out ahead
at a comfortable enough margin right
they will keep doing it yes and that's
true that's true the future movies might
loosen rigid guard lists of what the
initial expectations were yeah if they
are still making a decent profit they
won't keep going agreed agreed they
might they might stop giving them as big
a budget they might stop advertising
them as largely but yes Studios don't
give a shit how well reviewed there no
no as long as they make money as long as
they make money okay AJ pimps all says
this is for the great zelda review you
guys definitely in your top three
reviews along with your destruction of
Sonic and 1886 looking forward to more
awesomeness thank you thank you much you
guys don't see I put it in a special
playlist someone pains
taking Li overdubbed rich and eyes the
order 1886 review in Russian he sent me
an email and he was like hey I'm a fan
from Russia I overdubbed you guys in
Russian can I put it up on my youtube
channel yeah yeah do it everyone or
whatever I made it I made a playlist of
previously recorded but in Russian I
can't I can't double check it make sure
that's actually what they did oh we have
no idea what he's saying I don't I might
not want to know what we're saying in
that in his version of that I listened
to it for a little bit and it seems to
me you can kind of hear what we're
saying he just lowered our volume it
seems to match up with lower set right
so that's all we got tired and sad says
what are your thoughts on the importance
of continuity and a franchises canon the
x-men Star Wars and alien films are
extremely inconsistent while Marvel is
largely consistent does it even matter
this is a good question because one of
the reasons I don't even care to get
back in the Marvel comics anymore is I
don't feel like the continuity means
anything anymore I used to I used to
love the old-school Marvel continuity
when I saw a little asterisks this is a
reference to something that happened in
you know the uncanny x-men number 53
track down a copy of uncanny x-men 53
that was an astronaut as a reference
they made like a fantastic four block
right right I used to I used to love
that kind of stuff the there's there's
comfort there's comfort and continuity
don't you think ya know knowing like you
know that's one of the great things
about crossover books is you know you're
reading one and two characters from two
different comics bump into each other
and then that helps you gleam off of
that other character then maybe start
reading his other book there's comfort
to it but I don't I don't know that you
need it I mean it's a flavor that you
might enjoy every now and then but
looking at the Zelda games
it makes me sick when they try to shove
everything in a continuity because no
this clearly does not go together the
question is was continuity purposeful
from the beginning and that was the
thing with the Marvel movies right we
want to share the universe that's
important to us whereas back in the day
the Star Wars sequels or whatever
whatever mentioned they might not have
planned for there to be caught that kind
of continuity mm-hmm you know and so
what's expected have we have a plan from
the get-go
that's Gunn and you know well what
continuity is good I don't necessarily
think every detail needs its own movie
we did not need a whole movie about the
Death Star plans we did that was
unnecessary we didn't need a whole movie
explaining why Dori has memory problems
I really hated that movie so the answer
I guess is it's complicated
yeah here's here's the answer that
question if it's a good movie it doesn't
matter yeah okay okay if it's a good
movie it's a good movie I still do
firmly believe in the Stan Lee rule of
any comic could be someone's first comic
mm-hmm I think that's really important
if you're making a long-running series
making sure that you and and for now for
movies like what if ant-man was
someone's first Marvel movie you need to
make sure that while it fits in in the
world it still can stand on its own I
think that's important too okay
only child says hey guys I wanted to try
to get in shape so I bought a jump rope
and bloodborne every time I died I
jumped 50 times I've already lost 157
pounds just kidding what I'm glad I
found they tried the game yeah I'm using
is amazing comment approved
Darkwing schmuck says love these FINA
Krait streams just make sure to save
before you present stuff especially if
you're not sure
I'm not safes coming if you lose you
start from your last save and you can
lose a lot of progress
maybe save at the start of the trial
sure maybe maybe unless they let you
like get stuck like if you didn't
discover something before the trial
started can you get yourself stuck maybe
we'll just try not to get stuck or even
or disappointingly might they not let
you start the trial unless you've found
everything you need that's probably the
case but it was a game meant for
children yeah yeah yeah
Shengo HOD 1897 says rich we please tell
these people that Oh Jay Simpson
murdered Nicole Brown and Ron Goldman on
June 12 1994 three days before the
theatrical release of The Lion King
thank you sir
I don't remember the exact date we stole
why are we why are we still talking
about the OJ Simpson case that just came
to Netflix the People vs OJ Simpson
which was supposed to be very good I
just watched a a kind of pseudo Doc they
didn't they didn't add much like
narration or discussion to it it was
just like a mostly a compilation of
footage just that day like a number like
Arnold Palmer like had his last golf
match that day Oh the OJ Simpson chase
happened that day the NBA finals were
going it's like a number of big sports
related things just happened on that day
weird yeah that was like that was like a
singularity point in a timeline it's
like I know I know you're a little bit
younger than me just just enough to
matter for some of these things how well
do you remember the white the white
Bronco chase well I'm trying to remember
what grade I was in so that would have
been like fifth grade for me mm-hmm
no fourth grade even maybe look fucking
I don't remember fourth grade you're not
that much younger than me are you fourth
or fifth grade I we we watched part of
the trial I want to say in sixth grade
because I would have been
in high school I'm younger than you how
many years I'll do 39 okay no I'm 35 so
I'm not that much yeah you couldn't
couldn't've in in sixth grade I was like
a junior I think we watch some tweens we
watch the trial in sixth grade okay
I think it was a junior going on senior
that makes sense when the chase happened
it makes sense ish I know the the whole
OJ thing was not really in my radar no
that's just 39 ha ha yeah well so what
people age normally I have thought as
check is older for some reason I get
that I've gotten that aren't I 34 Oh am
i 34 here's the thing I don't rich you
aren't that old I am I am that old this
is why I don't give a fuck when people
talk to me about Power Rangers in
Pokemon I was in high school when this
shit started no I'm 35 35 by the way I
was born in 1981 and it hasn't been my
birthday this year so that means I'm 35
hmm I know I know how math works I look
older because I'm bald I know okay all
right so I mean I remember watching the
NBA Finals I mean just flipping channels
yeah and like you know the fuckin NBA
Finals they would shrunk they shrunk it
down so everyone could watch the old
JJ's live really yeah the NBA Finals is
like a little box in the corner of the
screen like I knew I know it was a big
deal but of course you know like I've
never like and my family we're not
sports people and so I think I remember
seeing footage of the chase and just
being like why is this a big deal who's
OJ Simpson if that wasn't the year that
that Michael Jordan was was retired I
would have been very upset
oh yeah alright um suss hearted or huff
farted ah huff hearted have hard that's
a tongue does mini it's a mini tongue
twister because it's not farted it's off
hearted hmm Oh God
says just started streaming you guys
this past week love our om and as
someone who is always corrected for
saying things incorrectly /
mispronouncing which is a hero I don't
deserve it's true how appropriate that I
mispronounced your name twice Nico :
have you heard of cuphead it's a
side-scrolling game that's been in the
works for a long time it's fully
animated in the style of the 30s Popeye
and Betty Boop cartoons yes look up
clips it's gorgeous
I have heard about it I didn't know it
was done yet it's been in like
development fucking forever that's been
one of those III showcase games if look
at how pretty this game is coming to
Xbox Live yeah yeah that's been an e3
darling for the past four years now
right
it does look adorable is it done cuz if
it's done I haven't heard of it being
done captain blue 42 says me personally
yeah I love the Zola review I only have
the castle to go story wise but I don't
feel like exploring as much as I did is
the problem with me or the game it feels
too much like cleanup I think the
problem is it's not very replayable yeah
but then again not having replayed it
I've gotten over 125 hours out of it
yeah so I don't think it's that big a
deal I and I did like I didn't do many
of the side quests but I did finish the
main story and I have absolutely and
this isn't a spoiler but after you
defeat Ganon you can defeat Ganon god
damn it jack after you defeat Ganon
there's no
going on after that how do you feel
about people who act like something like
that's a spoiler
anyone who anyone who like you mean you
fight gay fuck right to how long that
just means you and you know like maybe
you know nothing about a Zelda game but
in the first 20 minutes of this Zelda
game
you see Ganon as the big bad guy so
that's not a that's not even spoiler
territory if even if you don't know
anything about the Zelda franchise but
after you defeat Ganon you can't
continue on from that you know like you
can't then go do the side quests yeah it
saves your game right before you fight
Ganon yeah so if you want you can load
that save and then continue on and fight
Ganon again another day but here's what
I'm gonna say I've defeated Ganon I have
absolutely no impulse to keep playing
yeah I'm done as far as Zelda is
concerned is that okay
Oh like I said a lot of time I got 65
hours it was a great 65 hours it was
fantastic yep
III feel no need to keep playing I feel
no need to play over you know like some
game like blood-borne I could just start
that over and have a great couple hours
but I feel no need to start Zelda over I
think it's kind of a credit that the
game is dense enough that you don't feel
a need to do everything oh yeah it's
fantastic it's like an all-you-can-eat
buffet if exploration at some point
you're gonna be like I've had enough
right oh sure no and that's I'm not
saying that as a negative to the game
I'm just just stating the feelings so do
you have any regrets murdering Ganon no
I have no regrets murdering Ganon do you
ever murder again and fuck her always
comes back then then you murder him
multiple times
fucking always comes back his spirit
spirit rich is now playing at 50 cents
an hour and isn't even happened this
point I am definitely way more than
halfway done sure but still 50 cents an
hour that's great that's great
entertainment bang for your buck
yeah I'm really I was really annoyed
with the game the other day
I'd gone through the whole way I've been
playing fairly carefully
what's when I'm yeah this Jack that
would mean you turned 35 and 2016 right
and it's 2017 and it hasn't been my
birthday yet so I'm 35 which is what
I've said okay okay sorry I'm sorry
yeah we're early in the year we're early
in the year my birthday is late in the
year I'm 35
anyway rich oh I had my first first
death uh-huh like near the end of the
damn game really yeah I was really
annoyed the ego clan that first fucking
stealth section well you get one hit
killed if you get found isn't that crazy
III wasn't too worried because you know
I had beef was grace the resurrection
power I'm like okay okay I don't want to
kill the power didn't kick in
I got the game over screen I was I was
infuriated right right absolutely
infuriated no other stealth section is
anywhere in the game oh but it's just
that one part of the game I did love
that area though yeah that was cute no I
I can't stand it now well you got 125
hours in one official recorded death you
got to because of a bullshit
one-hit-kill
where the normal rules of the game
didn't apply ya know I'm kind of angry
about that
and did you I loved the boss there
though fuck him fuck that whole section
alright um lund listens Jesus here's a
link to the stream you didn't put on
YouTube okay okay like a really really
old one I know we're behind cuz I'm
behind because I'm an asshole we're
about we're behind on streams I'm an
asshole
I know right room behind us gnomes I
know I know I know because I I have I
have the memory of like a termite and
I'm on Sunday on Sunday I was like rich
I'm really like I'm really into editing
I can't kind of be twitch videos for
YouTube can you make sure you do that oh
I'm on it I got that going
I've got I've got the memory of a
termite I'm very sorry now that's worth
punch and now we're caught up okay we're
caught up hmm let's see if we can get a
little bit further in Phoenix right
where's my initializing capture device
there we go mm-hmm Oh Twilight Princess
was such a failure oh I love Twilight
Princess I think we're in cess has some
redeeming qualities to it yeah that's
that's that's been knocked down a peg
because of breath of the wild but that's
up there I'm ELISA the Zelda games I
thought was really good oh I'll agree
I'll agree that the dog sections are
annoying I'll agree with that yeah
everything else in that game is fucking
golden love Twilight Princess once you
get past the dog sections and you can
free roam a little bit that's pretty
great yeah I'll admit I whatever there's
a dog section I want to get through it
as fast as fucking paws I don't like
being an animal wheel we all know this
about me that's true no but I think I
think there's a lot of good with
Twilight Princess I think in a part that
I I cut out I hated Skyward Sword don't
say rich also loves Skyward Sword it was
dull it wasn't the worst game ever but
it was really kind of dull fuck off well
so this was a part that I cut out of the
of the review yeah we're rich States
explicitly that he thinks that a lot of
decisions made in the in breadth of the
wild were just to do the opposite of
what they did in Skyward Sword and in
both Twilight Princess and Skyward Sword
they were going for a more realistic
look
were they in Skyward Sword that was kind
of sell shady a little bit wasn't it
wasn't the most ultra realistic Zelda
game
I got a fuzzy memory maybe yeah and and
there's hardware limitations
this is a giant fucking game and there's
hardware limitations they can't make it
look photorealistic you know I think
people don't like Twilight Princess what
they played the Wii version that's what
I play tonight eleven yeah the Gamecube
there is a gamecube version oh is yes
and it doesn't have the garbage motion
control I love the motion controls so I
think it's worth noting the version of
Twilight Princess
I have played is the GameCube version oh
by the way I loved swinging my sword
around yeah I love that I fucking loved
it I was so into it
swing swing it around he gets a little
nunchuck who's great super super zoom
zoom I fucking loved it um alright let's
get back to the case mm-hmm an
interesting fact about the before your
back sure the Wii version of Twilight
Princess and the GameCube version of
Twilight Princess okay there are mirror
images of each other literally right the
GameCube version because links a lefty
yes but they didn't want motion controls
they know most people are righties yeah
so rather than like changing just the
character model
they literally mirrored the entire game
really yes that's so fuck yes
that's so fucked up yeah like I think
like the hill Ian writing is backwards
nothing the matter is this is hilly and
you can't read it but if you're like
compared to really really oh that's so
cool that I didn't know that the the
also again I mean it's the same general
the overworld like generally fits with a
car enough times over world like Hyrule
Field and weather where the lake hilly
is character of it like in the GameCube
version of it you can you can fit that
map / yoker enough time map
sure the weavers oh that's really great
curio village is on the right now what
is on the left and on its way it's weird
why wouldn't they just flip it for the
GameCube - just to be consistent
I'm going it's fine it's fine no I'm
just saying from there if you haven't
noticed by now at this point I am
stubbornly refusing to say ocarina any
sent right that time but I I didn't
accidentally say it right you know what
I think it's either IIIi believe it's
called ocarina but ocarina doesn't sound
sort of normally you pronounce it way
worse at this point I am going on my way
to say it wrong I don't give a fuck I
think it's a dumb name and I think
people take that game way too fucking
seriously I liked it I got usually say
like Oh karana
you have like one of those South African
tongue flaps in there like oka chronica
ocarina okay I don't care where he's
getting it right on accident it's great
yeah I actually I've probably gotten it
right on accident once or twice now all
right thank you so much mr. right
I was right to ask you to defend me and
you didn't even charge me anything what
did you forget to ask for payment oh
really
a guy and I can't get her voice right
now I believe in stupid things that's it
I believe reincarnation you got it oh
really it's nothing well should I
sniff we'll be going down to the studios
to do some more investigating we have to
find out more about this director and
producer
they'll be turning up in the next trial
as a witness is for certain so now's my
chance to get material for the
cross-examination so Nick if we figured
out just who it was a man still samurai
costume no you were in the trial with me
we did what could it really have been
old windbag
what do you think mr. powers I don't
think it was her really no neither do I
Nick because I just say things and
believe them look listen do you remember
seven minutes ago I said it doesn't
matter who we accused as long as I buy
us some time do you remember that I've
changed my mind again will is definitely
the murderer how can you let him go
Phoenix poor old windbag I feel kind of
sorry for her so I think she's guilty
well she wasn't winning any points in
there with with or without my accusation
okay oh let's get down to the studio's
right we'll be back to visit you soon
the thanks guys
sniff sniff too weak I guess we should
have stopped there oh we should have
stopped our save yep bTW BB C Smith I
see that you've subscribed to us from
Amazon Prime and you don't have a pizza
roll I can only assume that is some sort
of glitch in your subscription I'd say
double just double check that you are
subscribed to us I don't know why you're
not getting a pizza all people who
subscribe to us with Amazon usually get
a pizza roll maybe there's like a
confirm button that wasn't clicked right
that could be oh what a day this is no
what the fuck was in your mouth did you
see that and no and it's like an egg in
your mouth rushing to get the microphone
raised you wouldn't I screamed
you had an egg in your mouth see you
think W peas got a chance I guess that
really depends on the people we found
out about in today's trial the director
head producer yeah well what are we
doing here dad let's go to mr. yes comb
your tits
bbbbb PPP no one's here
right now they have miss old bag in
custody I guess they don't have anyone
to replace her in the Guard Station what
she left her Donuts
oh no I'm sad Oh what I wasn't going to
eat them I'm doing her voice wrong are
you I think I am
I've got the wrong obnoxious tone it's
slightly off I could I could tell I just
don't remember let's move in where are
the bird noises cuz there's a tree right
there I guess well let's go outside
studio one maybe that'll get us to
studio - hey Nick yeah like this is what
I remember from her first one Oh God
especially when you do her little
screamy thing it looks like Detective
gutted Sonny Bonds isn't here today
somebody must have finally gotten him
that solvent you're right he's probably
up to his neck in paperwork after the
commotion at today's trial so Nick
remember that studio - we heard about at
the trial yes it was down bad pants with
the fallen tree right right the path the
executive said we shouldn't go down
there because of the tree but it looks
like we can clearly step around it why
don't we do that oh yeah I think that's
right maybe the director and the rest of
them are there today now's our chance
Nick let's check it out okay studio -
this studio - I thought so it doesn't
really look like much of a studio does
it know that it doesn't that hey there's
a trailer over there I think I know
what's wrong I sound a little bit too
much like Mickey Mouse uh-huh
it looks pretty sturdy for a movie set
trailer are we sure this is the studio
well on closer inspection this trailer
looks like it's been here for a while I
don't think this is part of some
temporary film set flowers there's some
flowers here whole hmm wow so pretty
they're taking good care of these don't
get too close
that fence looks dangerous Oh does that
pointy fence look dangerous what what do
you what connection are you making cuz
he was killed the samurai spirit he was
killed by a pointy object
they found him impaled did they I think
they did or did they are you saying
accidental death moved him over to the
studio and then impaled him with the
spear to make it look like murder Hey
okay I don't know it just seems weird
that he would say that that looks
dangerous what we got over here these
look like materials for making a movie
set why what place do they have those
they've been sitting here for quite some
time this might as well be a junkyard oh
shit just a table in the middle of the
driveway looks like two people ate here
there's nothing left on the plates
hey so they ate t-bone steaks too
what is it with stakes around here oh I
wrote down t-bone steak I didn't right
where we found it
Ramar and the other one what other one
in the in the employee area there is
another table okay with with plates and
stuff if something does seem at place
what I don't know it just feels odd
that's incredibly not helpful well an
incinerator I haven't been helpful an
incinerator rich well now we know what
happened to the costume apparently they
just put this one in it's already
covered in soot they must not clean it
much can I go closer to the incinerator
a light van for moving staff and
equipment around they've kept it in
pretty good shape looks like it run fine
let's go for a drive we're investigating
a murder I want to go for a drive now we
I've had one of my characteristic mood
swings take me for a ride out the window
no that matters something seems out of
place there's a big two painted here
this isn't the real studio two probably
and it doesn't look anything like a
studio door Nick Nick let's go inside
you think it's okay I mean we're here
investigating at all
maybe we shouldn't oh no it's locked Oh
time to press now shucks
oh let's see if we can squeeze
in the window I'm good Mik maybe you can
throw me through the window god I'd love
to she has to shut you up
all right what is next to be foetus was
there something next to the phone yeah
if I click on the poker just as an
incinerator okay I'd love to move closer
to the incinerator why is the wire
investigating cuz it wouldn't be as fun
if they just handed you a ton of
evidence at the start of the trial yeah
this is more Matlock yeah you know if
this was a Matlock game that handed off
to was the private and he had like his
private investigator Matlock had yeah
right I oh I watched a shit ton of
Matlock he had his own private
investigator and I want to say his
daughter and so they would go ahead and
do all the all the solvent and he would
take care of the court okay so he didn't
get out in the field much ma'am not much
so if this was the Matlock game there'd
be like the the investigation section
and the court section which would be
great fucking love Matlock all right I
think we've examined everything we can
in here
this is the still the lawyer game yes
yep
Columbo well Columbo never did court
stuff right Columbo is just the
detective Columbo like instinctively
knew who did the crime and then he would
just needle and prod until he found
evidence for it till he got somebody to
accidentally confess you know what he
didn't know who did the crime he would
just needle and prod until he got all
the problem you got a good sense that
he's suspected strongly and he was just
playing dumb sometimes Columbo but well
no I think come on we'll play dumb all
the time that was his shtick with
everyone but I think the character was
playing dumb I think the character was
just not letting on that he suspected
more oh okay I'm with it I'm with him I
can take that Colombo is fantastic that
was I mean and of course we as the
audience because every Columbo episode
started with them showing who did it
actually you know when I was building
the the Plinko board yeah I just want a
whole bunch of old Columbo episode
I don't think fucking great every single
one of them is fantastic right but that
was unit six with radio unit six to
three idiot that was the great part
about Columbo is what he said because
was gonna go on later unit 603 it says
Columbo Columbo wasn't even a whodunit
they told you at the beginning of the
episode that's right every episode
started with you seeing who the murderer
was and how they did it that's what made
Columbo so amazing it was just about him
finding all the evidence and putting it
together and building his case it's the
greatest detective show just the
greatest I set my age there's no
confirmed I just it's a fact wasn't the
mystery of which is age
I don't really want to be in here oh
yeah it is a murder scene I want to go
someplace else Nick I want to go to
McDonald's Jesus take me to McDonald's
I need a happy meal the spirits told me
you need to bring me to the Donalds
we're looking for the producer in the
director at the moment look it's an
assistant girl there we go hey listen W
P's lawyers right I heard about the
trial great job guys oh-ho-oh oh don't
mention it is it true they caught the
security lady oh oh ho ho actually she
just called me she told me to cover up
that dream you mean that one wow what a
mess I know I'm not so good with handy
work some assistants but you do work on
the props and the backdrops right just
lots of times they end up looking worse
than before I fix them oh oh well I'm
sure those things happen that's the more
yourself about hmm how did you get
employed there was an assistant if you
can't do the things you're employed Oh I
wear Ravi
outfits so they like to have me around
personally I think she should worry at
least a little bit more I mean um if
you'll excuse me I have to go to the
Guard Station I'm supposed to fill in
for Miss old bag right see you later
then ha ha did you just hear a copy
written character I could swear I just
heard a copy written character didn't
somebody hire Rich's an actor no I have
never been hired as an actor I around
with my friends and that ended up with
me being on camera
at no point I want to make this clear ha
ha ha perfectly clear at no point did I
ever say I am going to be an actor actor
on the next try and I certainly didn't
do that I never said I am going to be an
actor and I am going to find somebody
who would be willing to put me on camera
right that is not the story of how I
ended up hanging out with everybody here
no no when when you're with a group of
friends and you have a camera someone
needs to be behind if someone needs to
be a friend that is just how it works it
was merely acting I did voice
spectacularly I guess that's true
oh you did do voice acting for a thing
I'm trying to remember what it was
called now I had to be like poked and
prodded to do that I did I made you do
that yeah because I thought it would be
fun I don't want to ruin somebody's
project I thought you did very well
all right they thought you do very well
- they say it's gonna come out this
summer okay I don't remember what it's
called though well well that's a great
fucking plug
I can only assume they mentioned it like
last stream I can only assume that maybe
someone's gonna say it that when it does
come out they will get a hold of me and
say hey can you promote this via social
media something uh anyone anyone
remember now no okay
so the fanboy they were talking about
the trial today he came in through the
drain so it seems I guess they covered
it up in a hurry hey listen listen geez
hey listen God stop it if this event
drains covered the boy won't be able to
get in but I like to say obvious things
it's the whole idea of covering
something yeah I feel kind of sorry for
him though don't you
I mean he's just trying to stalk you
just trying to stalk some actors by
sneaking into their their studio own
their dressing room it's nothing
unreasonable and creepy about that
exactly everything creepy about that not
to mention the danger the child puts
himself in by crawling through an air
vent really whoa no don't no don't take
leave it at leave it be wait unless if
we rip it open something's in there yeah
rip it open
well I guess some things are just made
to be broken
yeah you know Nick you're pretty swell
sometimes when what you he commits
horrible acts of vandalism
so now let's inspect it the drain grate
is off and I know who did it
now the kids will be able to come in a
kitten does it make you feel great to do
a good deed like that God my dumb eye
yeah you're right Maya I enjoy letting
little kids around sweaty half naked men
that's that's something that I enjoy
doing
Damon look at the great that's looking
at that's what she said I did it already
and she's gonna say this the drinker is
up and I know who did it
there's gotta be something we get for
taking that off you know rich I don't
know the remains of other days lunch
everyone is probably trying to clean up
t-bone this is where they have t-bone
was right all right no this is not the
murder room we're in the employee oh oh
you're right you're right
I guess dressing room I guess
that's what mr. power says at least I
guess they snuck in and took it while he
was sleeping but Nick what if mr. powers
hadn't been sleeping oh whoa whoa what
what if he committed the murder
what if he's just been lying to us this
whole time
we're letting the murderer get off the
hook scot-free that's shockingly
deep-end insightful I know I heard
someone else say that there's an array
of cosmetics here according to Maya that
wig was using some old TV show
samurai buggy woody Nick get with the
picture look explain it to me just how
you can identify a show just by seeing a
wig think we saw everything in here
I don't see anything new we can do here
all right back back I guess I can only
go to the employ area all right mover
now we'll go to the studio main gaits
yep oh you look a little out of place
yeah Penny's out now out but oh it's the
clothes is an end I thought my camel
vest might do the trick
kind of an alternative guard fashion
thing so how are the studio's doing
there's police wandering around
everywhere it's terrible
they won't even let me clean up don't
want to disturb evidence
I haven't even cleaned up our lunch
place from the day of the murder hmm you
mean those plates with the steak bones
left over on the employee area yeah can
you believe in there's a lot of steak
mentioning I know the kids sneak in here
a lot well I don't think there's that
many of them but I do see one particular
he's always going at the sets or
snapping pictures
dun-dun-dun you should see old windbags
eyes flash when she sees him
she's a bit of trouble catching him
though hmm I heard something at the
trial today they said that the director
and producer were here the day of the
murder oh sorry I was in the prop
storage room so I didn't see them I
guess they were here about the studio
had seemed pretty eager to keep us quiet
so they were trying to protect the
director more the producer really the
producers are real star here
she saved these Studios from the brink
of disaster and kept them running I
don't think we'd still be in business if
it weren't for that producer okay is the
producer here
autopsy report card key
show her the card she tell us where the
car key came from Wow they gave a lawyer
one of those card keys well I nice don't
I see okay they're very strict about
those card keys here okay how about this
a photo could you take a look at this
that's mr. powers
why is he dragging his leg like that
what is this anyway looks like she
didn't know about this photo or the
injury that morning we didn't you know
it's weird that we we didn't ask mr.
powers right if you had an image I know
I know
unless that's a twist that's coming we
had to be too stupid to ask him I
suppose I don't spear show her the
spirit everything sure everything a
penalty there's a penalty I just don't
know for there zone any information any
say you work with the props right about
that murder weapon you mean the samurai
spear yeah it's a prop but it's still
pretty heavy I hate having to carry that
thing around so he'd have to be pretty
strong to use it as a weapon
why is mr. powers the only person I can
think of I got to find these producers
and shit I feel like there's something
we missed over here Oh or not or we had
to come back here a second time what was
that noise it sounded like it inside the
trailer that sounded like something yeah
we've been working together for too long
we're finishing each other sentence that
having the same someone must be inside
it's scary they're playing the Ninja
Gaiden music no answer pretty suspicious
if you ask me mmm let's go in I'm not
sure we should be barging in huh it's
locked
why don't we hack Hey no but there's
probably one of the guard station
what are we waiting for it let's go
Sparrow steel about whatever creative
evidence really doesn't make any
difference in this world
hey rich chain of custody hey rich what
what
look at this look at that one spiky
thing by the flowers yeah that's weird
and I think Wow now we're gonna do this
oh but I think I think you got a point
what look at that one spiky thing that
looks kinda different
that'll death then why bother framing
willpower's I guess your TV show you
can't do the TV show without the villain
so it's a total wash may as well cut all
your losses
maybe they they were worried about like
insurance claims or something and who
knows okay I gotta go we gotta go back
to the thing else to do menu we have to
go borrow a key right that's it does it
talk to her again or something behind me
oh sure I'm sure like this thing
the security guard station I can see the
computer that runs the security cameras
oh please don't touch anything in there
the security lady would knock the
stuffing out of me I really want the key
to that trailer maybe next time
it won't let you just go in there
there's no move option to get in there
no there's no move option together maybe
now that we click on that movie it I
mean but we just just because I'm
curious yeah
does anybody who is familiar with this
game know if the game will let you start
the next trial if you don't have the
proper evidence I think I saw Sarah say
before that they won't let you start the
trial okay because like even like if we
move now we can only go back to our you
know we can go back to our law office is
the detention center the employee area
the outside studio one you know so like
there's no like start trial yeah failure
points it's not it's about to join me
it's for the kids meant for kids meant
for kids I'm you know I'm giving a pass
right all right where do we want to move
to what do we want to move to here the
law back to the law offices the
detention center can we move into a
better game we were literally nagged for
months to keep playing this game mom
we're having a fine time we are having
it settle down
anything new going on with that great
seems like if we come back to things
this right what about the grade itself I
know we looked at the whole one of the
vent what something I just clicked on
the vent that time now I'll click on the
whole and it's the same thing
clean yeah we do that already there
doesn't seem to be anything
Kyle McLaughlin says jacked Zack Snyder
got fired I don't believe you you
couldn't Theory be breaking news from
the Justice League movie or just from W
be in general from WV in general it's
conceivable it's conceivable they
wouldn't it's a bit late right right the
movies probably shot already right
forget about this movie what about just
in the future in general for the rest of
DC's films isn't it better if he's gone
of course okay it'd be fantastic news
okay
then don't worry about it it's good news
either way you spin it the question is
would they fire him before the movie
came out by the way we're not we're not
just believing that no I'm not somebody
just said that on chat and I'm and like
I'm skeptical at best I'm skeptical come
on Zack Snyder makes great trailers
that's not even true you know what let's
let's go talk to - we'll all right thank
you for earlier not at all we got lucky
you can say that again
geez well okay let's not say that
anymore though so WP do you have any
leads my kid is going in the right
direction
sorry but no be sure to tell us anything
that comes to mind no matter how small
we can't really we can't rely on getting
lucky again tomorrow
yes sniff
present fish um there's so much things
he had to say about things things
regarding this photo tell us about the
limp now yeah oh maybe this really truly
absolutely isn't you right sniff I was
sleeping in my dressing room the whole
time honest but who else could have worn
it your costume was in your dressing
room
yes I guess they snuck in and took it
while I was asleep but who you're not
gonna tell us about your limp key guard
or the answer regarding the murder
weapon oh yes that plucked him yes it is
heavy that spear it's pretty hefty yeah
Bob I don't think the average person
will be able to swing around effectively
hmm and that's the spear that broke or
something during the morning run-through
yes I goofed around I done a round cake
you see I brought the spear
the security lady fixed it for me right
away though we had a bleep yeah bleep we
heard hmm excuse me thank you for
showing me that whatever it is no way I
can think of some way I could help you
or I can't this is a sorry
sniff we found this card key in your
dressing room oh that's mine yes No
can people outside the studio get these
cards uh I don't think so even I have to
return the card once the show's done
filming that is huh oh here it is here's
the information we're about to get yeah
the shows being canceled oh no no no
that wasn't the information the shit
about to get the shows being canceled
there's nothing I guess I will present
him the guide map but yeah
talk oh okay
Durer fanboys sneaked into the studios
often no not that I know of
oh that security lady's pretty strict
with them but today's testimony didn't
you say they were often hanging around
the kids really really love the steel
samurai they sneak past when she's not
looking I guess hmm was the director
present at the morning run-through yeah
yeah yes he was he was directing now the
steel samurai an evil magistrate should
move that's that's normally what a
director does yes well well just the
studio asked us to keep quiet
it's a repeat myself but Nick here is a
newbie lawyer fresh off the party barely
knows what he's doing he's only one case
and barely at that and he needed help
from a ghost to do it I talked to a
ghost and the ghost housed him solved
the case because he could not supposed
to tell clients that Maya what
sorry I clicked it twice it's okay when
he loses he loses big I see whose side
is she on and people are still saying it
slow you have a magic voice right how
the fuck do I do it I wish I could tell
you rich
all right
I guess we'll go to the law offices oh
really
yeah use your psychic powers we don't
have enough information to make a case
yet yeah I've noticed I've noticed
that's exactly the same thing you said
yesterday just admit it you don't have a
clue what happened of course I don't why
the fuck would I have a clue what
happened oh wait I typed a ghost um what
do you think we should do well what do I
huh what we gotta get the scoop on this
director and producer right but we
couldn't find them remember look at that
do you see that egg in her mouth again
that's what I've been saying I don't to
yell too much and I was probably a
horrible listen to me
they say ain't havin to do her voice
because I know it's probably the worst
thing she's telling us to go back to the
studio did we have to leave the studio
and come back
it's like a studio van they probably
used to carry out equipment okay
nope okay can't get in there okay
we can't get the key while she's
standing there I'll just read the
spoiler in the chat what did you yeah
god damnit chat do you care to hear it
that's not the biggest coiler in the
world oh good go back to the dressing
room there should be someone there I
guess we would have made it there
eventually yeah yeah so this is kind of
lame just the whole you have to leave
the place go back to the place thing
okay what the fuck who are you dudes
lmao Ohio's love we Oh
oh my god wait you first
who are you you look pretty suspicious
to me whatever lame earth you lame
where's the lame how can i how can you
not know the great Sal mandela mandela
of whatever my name is define and make
the leap Joe's still samurai my RTF II
read the film credits oh my god look
really you're these Salmonella
Salmonella
just to your normal voice for that one
rich fuck you too ha ha I'm so sorry I
just
you look so I'm sorry quite all right
really
it's fine rofl what is it you know on
closer inspection yeah hot hot hot bla
bla look at his very attractive lady I
hate this character yeah hey dude you a
lot of cosplay cuz costumes rock Thor's
drool rock sores
what hey you're drooling huh um
lol buffer overrun you've triggered my
creative powers yes yes it's coming to
me pink princess the sequel to steel
samurai big princess warrior two little
oldie Tokyo ro l ROFL LMAO pink princess
why is it gonna be little oldie Tokyo
why can't I get it have a cool name like
neo oldie Tokyo's Maya we really need to
talk about cool and the different things
you find cool oh god we have to talk to
this guy hmm did you notice anything
unusual on the day of the murder
oh I know who you dudes are that
security lady told you about of a that's
right
it was a pretty regular day we had a
run-through for an action scene in the
morning then meeting from lunchtime in
studio to trailer yeah I was so busy I
didn't even get a chance to get much hmm
a t-bone steak was it yeah fuck Thor's I
hate anything on food Nick what does
suck sores mean tell me Nick I really
need to know what sucks or it means it's
a it's a sexual role-playing move that
involves putting jell-o in your mouth
first and then going down on someone
it's quite exhilarating so again as
anyway I was meeting from noon to 4:00
in a beating
it's all fine whatever was in a meeting
from noon until 4:00
with the producer and the bigwig from
Network hmm mr. hammers time of death
was estimated at 2:30 p.m. if he's
telling the truth that meeting gives him
an alibi about the producer who was at
the meeting with you
oh you mean Dave Vasquez sheath of
genius mad skillz all the way scary
though he brought into these studios
from brought these Studios back from the
brink of destruction I hate this voice
yep shit the one who made it possible
for me to make steel samurai you had a
meeting with her on the day of the
murder right yeah we work together from
noon to 4:00 p.m. whole time hmm who
exactly are these bigwig people keep
mentioning oh the boss over at the
network had some sponsors although a few
production guys the pound to a limousine
and got him laid around new major
tension we're all of them with you the
entire time
yes unfortunately they're all
gray-haired Keith Earth Oh sounds like
they'd all be reliable witnesses
I'm gonna hate it when he's on the stamp
the this is WP right how did you know
well look it's obviously dragging its
foot
oh alright the director would know about
the injury he was there oh shit that
doesn't do his very good any good I try
not to pay much attention to think that
don't interest me
lol you don't want to look at the murder
weapon why are you staring at me like
that
honestly kinda wanna throw up okay
nothing's changed in the room
yeah that's still there
all right the spear I started showing in
this period that didn't interest him huh
nothing left to talk to him about and
I'm sure if we walk around we're gonna
run her to the bigwigs or someone Cheryl
all right yeah you're right the bigwigs
will magically show up somewhere yes
did we get any useful new information
from him that he was in a meeting with
people that's all we got between noon
and 4:00 noon and 4:00 okay because we
knew people were in studio too
we knew that you again how rude
acting like you've seen a ghost you
certainly got back to your post quickly
all the police took me away in here they
pulled out a spare steel they pulled out
a spare steel samurai costume told me to
put it on can you imagine how could I a
sweet little old lady wear giant suit
like that mr. powers is pretty tall as
soon as he saw there was no way I could
wear the net big oh by the way that
specifically is what I was afraid of
coming out if we pressed her during the
trial
sure sure when I was like presser no
we're on the high ground now let's stay
the course exactly that's exactly I was
gonna come on anyway no this was never
this old lady never forgets a slight or
an insult right okay so like now maybe
she won't or we have to do more stuff to
get the key or something
probably not but anyway you won't get
any information out of me my lips are
sealed
you sure are talking a lot for someone
with sealed lips is that it now one mmm
mmm ladies too much
so maybe if we if we tried to go easy on
her she would tell us these things but
now she's gonna be all silent right
about that kid you said you saw if I see
him again I'm taking him down now Nick
Nick
look at her eyes she's serious maybe if
she kills him
I can talk to his ghost about the
director the one who was here on the day
of the murder if I see the kind of team
down Nick well I think she's losing it
show her this beer
Wow okay Can I grab that key
well she's not looking that's the
computer Hey okay all right
well then let's keep moving until we run
into more people
alright alright some on the chat it's
just thing we examined the statue or
gunner I suppose we have not done much
there it's a bit a bit a bit a bit a bit
examine the statue again the studio
mascot
apparently it's a monkey of some kind
never seen a monkey with a nose like
that before why don't they put his head
back on maybe who should ask that
assistant Oh for fuck's sake I'm not
sure we really want her fixing anything
ah and you'd probably need a crane to
move that thing hmm probably so heavy
security cameras too pictures doesn't
seem to be switched on today yeah they
don't need security today which do you
think they fake some of the moon landing
footage I don't have any good reason to
think they faked it I know the
Mythbusters did a pretty decent episode
on moon landing stuff right but what
they did was they recreate you know cuz
you know there's a lot of there's a lot
of people saying oh those shadows that
are in those shots could never happen
with a single source of light
yeah like that was their big thing and
so the Mythbusters recreated those
photos with a single source of light not
to prove that you know like the moon
landing really happened but just to say
hey yeah here's a single source of light
we can create this exact photo with
multiple shadows yeah that's a great
episode um I'm sure there's a good
reason for what i never really got
you never saw that many stars and the
moon landing footage the probably the
very simple explanation yeah so the
really cool thing about the moon-landing
is I want to say Zeiss a lens maker had
to make a very special lens because
there is just not a lot of light up
there yeah
and so they had to make a very special
lens to go up there to catch the little
bit of shitty light that we got to see
okay and so because there's so little
light up there and because the lens had
to be so specific I can just imagine
that the stars didn't pick up yeah
how I mean how often those stars pick up
just on regular film right I can imagine
they landed on the dark side they didn't
land on the dark side no okay they
landed on the light side but it's still
not at least I guess the side where
light was currently on because that's
not necessarily what the dark side of
the moon means that's just the side we
don't see well but I also remember that
the light that comes to earth is
filtered through our atmosphere that is
reflected off of everything else like
the light that comes to earth is very
different than the light that's on moon
I'm the moon who wouldn't you say oh it
is nice ah good
you need the curvature of Earth's
atmosphere to focus the stars oh is that
it
I don't know about that could be I don't
know about that who knows no you don't
see the stars on the moon because the
moon is flat oh no you know what that's
that's one of the so one of the fun
things that fuels conspiracy theorists
you know they say that Kubrick actually
shot the moon landing I read that that
sounds insane because it's a lot of
weight oh sorry I'm sorry I'm really
sorry
because Kubrick used Zeiss lenses very
similar to the ones that they used on
the moon to shoot Barry Lyndon which was
shot with all natural candle light okay
candle light that's all any kind of like
moon landing faked conspiracy that's a
awful lot of people to keep shut
yes yes someone would have said
something on their deathbed oh right
yeah all right we got it we got to
figure this out I don't know where to go
I just don't know what I know how does
that prove right well that's it's crazy
conspiracy theories that and you know
it's it's it's all crazy check the
employee area I've already been to the
fucking employee area did I have to
leave the employee area a fuck you
that's a little bit annoying this is
super annoying you have to figure out
which area to leave and then come back
to that's super annoying there's very
little I can do about it hey it's like I
get it we needed to take the thing off
of the vent and then the kid shows up
but only after you talk to the producer
and after you then you go outside and
talk to the security guard hey hey wait
what no Betty came in right through that
drain hey I'm kidding
what's your name sport I'm not a kid so
don't talk to me like that that's good
huh but you you are a kid what a rude
little prick there's I don't see no
adults here hippy fashion chick you got
a point there I am underage there kind
of dress like not really a hippie and
I'm dressed like a Geisha why the fuck
am I dressed like a Geisha
Nick Nick well they're dressed like a
Geisha
I have so many questions as well I am
your your crystals you're believing in
ghosts your psychic abilities Gatien as
yeah there's so many questions hey this
game take place hey I'm Cody Cody
Hawkins
call me kitty again and I'll cut you
down where you stand evildoer so you're
a fan of the steel samurai how dare you
utter that name evildoer what do you
mean wherever still samurai side ha ha
ha ha you can't fool me
ok then what's the last line sent by the
innkeeper episode 8 yeah easy
like some fries with that huh not bad
kitty Oh
watch it what are they doing god damn it
I see picking his nose
he's a kid kids do that they just pick
their nose naturally they don't know
shame yet say have you heard anything
about the incident the other day you
were here weren't you did you see
anything
hee hee hee always the steel samurai
always wins always yeah I saw I saw
everything
why is she shocked all right but but no
way am I telling you losers wah
wait let me kill ya get off me you
losers
he's gone Oh huh something fell off the
table what he pumped into it on his way
out oh wow this is crystal meth the
Steel's they will powers was on crystal
meth the whole time and he does have a
solid alibi he was with his drug dealer
but he didn't want to say anything cuz
that would get him in trouble even
though it completely clears him of the
murder because that is so it's gonna
happen in a kid's game right why was
this sitting there I wonder anyway what
was that kid saying he saw everything so
I guess he said some got Buddhist
meditating it was one with the universe
the drain where the fanboy came in he
didn't waste any time coming in either
talk about cause and effect
hayashi mama let's see who shows up when
we move now it's that guy still oh god
he's still here well I am the vaccine
for stupidity oh I want to drop the mic
so hard I am rich bringing the hurt
bringing the hurt
what where's that old windbag she's out
of her to leave her posts we could
probably get the kena Oh nope Nick Nick
that was her stop stop let us never yeah
yeah sounds like she's chasing after
that boy oh we can get the key oh she
tripped Maya sure looks happy it's
discomforting knowing she finds joy in
other people's pain oh okay so now we
examine go over here
hey listen yes listen
hey listen now's our chance let's check
out the guard station yes that's why I
pointed it oh this is it Nick the
trailer trailer I don't know the key
that the key to that trailer in studio
two will be borrowing this right Nick
I've learned a lot from you that's right
stealing's okay yeah how is any of this
admissible
we've just swiped it ourselves from
crime scenes like it hasn't been like
evidence that's been collected by an
authority wait fuck I could just grab a
knife out of my kitchen
I could give it to the judge and say it
was the real murder weapon
he wouldn't know any different have you
met that Judge he that would work let's
do it
I should just have a collection of
knives at home fuckin we'll just say we
found the knife in the fucking old bad
Steve pants let her lawyer deal with it
great no I'm not even playing Mass
Effect drama Andromeda to make fun of it
I am I do not want to have anything to
do with the series it's dead it's a
corpse
now I wonder if the key we borrowed from
the guard station will work it opened
maybe that's supposed to be her eager
face oh well shit trailer here we go
here we go rich shit look at that baby
eek so Sissis says someone's in here
mm-hmm I can't do sophisticated name
know Nene chicopee names
well we're W P's lawyers and um I say
and who might you diva scares the
producer dee Vasquez she's quite
beautiful oh my eye
I don't know what to or the day of the
crime now I was wondering if you could
tell me about the day of the murder miss
Vasquez script plays excuse me
script I'm looking for a script a script
the steel samurai episode 13 I needed um
could we ask you a bit about the day of
the murder I need to raid in we're
getting nowhere fast
all right um but we'd really like to ask
you about the steel samurai mrs. Vasquez
it sound TV every week that's all I have
to say about that
they know Jacob a she's telling us to go
watch TV hey don't get mad at me about
the director Sal Manila was it what
exactly is his role here besides of
course being the director perhaps I
didn't make myself clear
I'm looking for a script
I can't be bothered with anything else
ooh-ooh darlin Nick yep are all people
in the entertainment business so fucked
up yes yes they are they crave attention
and when they get it there's a
unmissable high and when they don't get
it it's it's a terrible crash they're
horrible people there's someplace else
we have to check no no there isn't
wait
yes if you see Manila give him this why
do we have to do your errands I don't
think I like her
sniff don't cry
she'll take it as a sign of weakness all
right we'll give it to him if we see him
that is let's see what that is oh it's
just a memo this is bring me the script
for episode 13 all right let's examine
some stuff it looks like they were
designing a set to use for the steel
samurai show they've got some figures
for how much the sets costs I can't
believe they spend that much money on
those sets Jack sounds like the sheriff
from Smokey and the Bandit that's not
true when I do her voice I'm trying to
think of any voice well again it's a
little servant
so maybe I'm like like boss boss boss
scum Jackie Gleason was that him Jackie
Gleason was smokey there might have been
a different character who was Sheriff
oh I don't know scumbo scumbo hum from
when you did pooping in P I I was trying
to I was channeling a combination of
macho man randy savage mixed with smokey
jackie gleason for smokey in the bed
wash we got here this is where they had
that meeting there are documents and
paper cups scattered around okay hey
garbage can
nothing in here that could be a clue
just some paper cups and crumpled
documents another old movie poster the
singing samurai starring jack hammer
what the hell do samurais sing about
chopping off heads
that's so culturally insensitive you
know damn well that's the Arabs nice
excellent culturally insensitive joke
rich you know that was unexpected little
setup a little pale it's great samurai
summer starring jack hammer this posters
quite hold wow it's been years since I
saw that show this is just gonna be
another joke but able to go through it
an old movie poster Dynamite samurai
starring jack hammer
I guess mr. hammer used to be quite the
star
hmm can I present you with something
this empty bottle perhaps nope this beer
perhaps no this photo perhaps am I
really gonna have to go give the guy
this no first I am I know I am why do I
fight it
why fight it you gotta go give the guy
the note first yeah you gotta go give
the guy the knot first make us go
through hoops it's fine it's fine it's
fine
Shango odd sorry if that annoys you
I think it's funny you got a deal with
that man you just got a deal with that
Stephen I remember I get places okay an
employee area move dressing room
and we're gonna present this guy with
the note here I got this from the
producer bring me the script for episode
13 episode 13 where'd I put that one I
must have left it somewhere oh oh my ass
is pwned if I don't find it Nick it
might be quicker to just look at all the
places where he's like we don't been oh
Jesus
we have to do more busy work it's it's
like a fetch quest
it's a fetch quest without the ability
to move properly alright well then where
we gonna go here employee area first do
we see any script where is it different
we didn't fight it we've been doing all
about looking around earlier care of it
right
my guess is it's in studio one that's a
place we haven't been recently that's
just in case let's check the guard
station bops on the mst3k trailer I have
have not seen the mst3k trailer neither
have I
we're Bank of the scene of the crime
let's find what we need get out of here
quick Nick I see it already right there
hey look that's the chair of the
director sits in we couldn't look at
that earlier now I've always wanted to
sit in one of these we went we did look
in this earlier the director Maya take a
look around that chair for me you know
like right on top of it because we can
see it it's amazing we never saw that
before yeah that's weird
good work there we go I have seen these
spider-man homecoming trailer it was
fine yeah it probably shows you too
goddamn much right like I now know the
entire plot of the film right it is
interesting that they're kind of like
flipping it he starts off with a good
suit I like that and then have to like
the old suit so like oh this might go
somewhere very Peter Parker right go
back to your rags kid that was and by
the way that was such a like an Iron Man
line specifically if you can't do it
without the suit then you don't deserve
it in the first place it's like oh shit
yeah that's right you fucking Iron Man
we learned that lesson an Iron Man 3 a
perfect action movie that's great
have I seen the trailer have you seen
the instruments in the each other I just
don't care that much about a time a
little looks trailer I don't know that I
don't know that it looks bad or anything
but I mean you don't have the Tim Curry
so why are you bothering people are
gonna see the movie and they're gonna be
saying oh wow yeah everything else is
better I sure do miss them Tim Curry man
Tim Curry is the best
everything else is so much better but ah
Tim Curry was great and you know I have
no special love for it
I don't either I'm not a horror guy
though I'm not really the person to ask
sure in depth thoughts okay that might
be a J thing yeah but like like I saw it
and it was creepy when I was a kid but
it's like it's just it's I have no I
have no special kind of love like I like
it doesn't insult me personally that
they're remaking it I I didn't watch the
whole freaking trailer it looks like the
clown's more of a monster looking club-y
a little point that he's deceptively
looking like a a sweet goofy clown like
a no he's look like a normal boy why
would he look like a monster clown
what's maybe they're only showing the
part where it maybe maybe he's like
looks normal sometimes looks monsters I
don't know okay what do you guys think
of Stephen King hey Stephen King has a
lot of rhythm mouths huh diarrhea of the
mouth like a finishing finish sorry
along this thing when Stephen King has a
lot of really great premises and he has
no idea how to finish any of them I have
never read the conclusion to a Stephen
King work and been satisfied with the
way it all came together boom boom
never ever the stand really great
opening chapters with that bomb the bomb
blows up
meetings has the heroes watches magic
now he has some amazing premises and
yeah he can never quite wrap it up but
yes them to be fair Chad you were right
he did nail Shawshank yes sure that's
true I don't know I don't know how much
got changed from the book one 2263 does
not have an amazing ending it has the
worst ending
which which one is 122 63 that's the
that's the one that they adapted into
well and maybe it's different in the
book but the one that they adapted into
a Hulu original oh that's the one with
the time traveler who has to go back to
try to stop the assassination of JFK
amazing set up some really neat tiny
weirdo powers well just a horrible
fucking ending a absolute letdown of an
ending you know what I've heard really
good things about The Dark Tower series
but I've never read them as it's Stephen
King and his ending is for the most part
I don't completely enjoy his works
I haven't read everything that Stephen
King has ever done I just know like
right now the handful of things I
actually have read because you keep
hearing about Stephen King I'll try it I
like science fiction yeah I've always
been disappointed well the ones that I
have read me as well I've read the
Tommyknockers I've read The Stand okay
I read needful things if I actually sat
down I've read anything else visited all
the way through right well you know what
cuz you read enough and you just go oh I
stopped trying yeah
like The Stand I wanted to read I want
to love that yeah then maybe the next
one yeah he has written a shitload of
books now and by the way he should be
commended for his work ethic work ethic
he just writes a book and he gives
millions of dollars no but he writes
that book so many other author authors
wouldn't finish the book because they
couldn't think of a good ending not
Stephen King he finishes it right and
that man's oh that man's a good worker
shining read The Shining oh my god here
we found it here script
great for when I'm not that big on
straight up or like for the most part
what I've read of his has been
things I have read have been I've had
more of it like a science fiction he bed
to them mm-hmm sure Tommyknockers they
dig up a UFO doesn't need concept I'm
interested in reading dark tower because
that's a little like fantasy fiction
mmm-hmm supposed to be good and the
movie looks good the stills that we've
seen
we're not even paying attention to it
again I'm done okay rich is done I'm
done
all right I don't know when we can like
when we can stop how do you how do you
save scum everyone tells me to save scum
let's try to get to a point where I can
stop playing I think I started reading
part of The Dark Tower one of them one
of those books and I stopped very early
on there's like an extended bit about
some woman's period oh it was gonna be
more crap isn't it you know the man
writes books that is his job and he does
it all the time that's good for him man
good for him Stephen King apparently has
a bunch of like premises and synopses
for works of for works that can be
adapted into movies that he offers free
to student filmmakers really yeah says
you need an idea uh yeah here's the
synopsis
like make make a movie out of it as long
as you're a student filmmaker you can do
it for free
Wow boom Wow great twenty pages before
breakfast apparently Hey
be like Stephen King we're all here
talking about Stephen King
Christina's great just for the the
impressive and yet really simple effects
Christine was the car the car that could
heal itself yes they just they just had
it being damaged in Reverse haha they
had some kind of like cables inside that
were like pulling dents into the car and
no really yeah and you reverse it and it
looks like the car is healing itself
yeah that isn't he just got a carpet
it's you have the laptop oh it's under
spray your turn oh it's under your
speedmen speed their mum ah
feet available you know I have just
speed him in which me um close and
reopen the cm but it looks like we might
be caught up but it looked like that
last time
how old windows were you ever not suck
will you ever not suck no oh then you
won't even open the Start menu windows
windows get your shit together oh thank
you thank you why was that so hard all
right I don't know if there's problems
it says it just says nothing here yet
when people send you money it will
appear here and their laptops done for
the night hold on yep yes I know that's
there is Karen probably wants me to come
home
it is shockingly late we talked about
cuphead we did that
hey Rick and Jack I really enjoyed the
look of Twilight Princess really wish
they'd do more realistic looking games
again I think we talked about that also
please come to a best of the worst
episode in Pittsburgh not gonna happen
we have nothing personal against
Pittsburgh but we just we don't leave
nowhere I got it we're not gonna go to
Pittsburgh just to do a bus to
Pittsburgh hey Jay if Resik - hey Jack
how did you like that rampage cosplay
photo where I was holding Jason David
Frank's head
Jason is playing bloodshot now and
rampage is his mirror opposite Photoshop
works wonders you got to get yourself a
prop head someone a valiant comic your
character someone who's been sharing
some cosplay they're doing of him yeah
full body paint by the way yeah like
looks it looks great your cosplay it
looks great but man it's gonna be a shit
bitch to wash off just that full-body
pain and it's like all black body paint
what's this prop head business so he
showed a photo and he's holding
someone's head yeah but apparently it's
a photo shaft in the head of one of his
enemies okay and if you're gonna do that
proper cosplay out at the cons you need
an actual prop head are you sure it's
Photoshop could it just be an amazing
hand yeah yes he said it was function
okay I asked him on Twitter and they
said it was Photoshop you need a prop do
they need the head for the costume a
character frequently curry around a
severed head oh that's a good question I
assumed it looks kind of like they were
doing a cover like a mock cover comic so
you need a head you need a real head and
then you could also put makeup or spray
paint the head I'm just trying to help
I'm trying to help out a cosplay rich
what do you know about cosplaying um I
know that if I saw a cosplayer holding a
fake head I would love that that's what
I know that's what I know about cosplay
all right hey
guys what advice about something you
know about well you just go tell Donald
shrimp how to run the country oh I don't
come by that's right help Mom hey guys
if your simple we'd park it's coming out
tomorrow and I'm thinking of checking it
out with what little hours I can spare
maniac mansion guys you might enjoy yeah
Ron Gilbert okay one of the old-school
LucasArts yeah point-and-click adventure
guys has made what is it called thimble
we'd park which looks a lot like skull
der and Molly like it looks like an
x-files point-and-click adventure game
and I heard about this old school point
click event yeah yeah apparently the
work been in the works for a while yeah
that sounds familiar
there's a lair what do you think we
screwed up to Phoenix rights in a row we
could change yeah oh we're gonna change
it up on Sunday okay one we'll need some
we'll need some other game Ahn
thanks for the hell Airstream tonight
you guys are hilarious I know this will
be read later but that's fine sorry for
the sloggy parts original game came out
on gameboy color so it happens I
understand I understand
old old system meant for a younger
audience I get oh yeah it's just you
know like it's upsetting that it
happened so many times in the same
sequence yeah buddy
that's alright gobbledygook says have
you read the Bachmann books the running
man because I really liked the movie the
running man I didn't care for the book
that much which is completely different
I didn't care for the ending of the book
that much I should specific oh it just
doesn't know how to end itself much like
the rest of Stephen King's works doesn't
matter if he's writing under a different
name or not he still doesn't know how to
end his fucking stories let's see but I
waited though it is amazing just how
much different the book is oh really
the only thing they took is the concept
of a criminal being televised as he's
running oh sure to kill him yes that's
an easy premise but you know you don't
have the super villain that's like a
costumed
ro goofy super villains just anybody who
sees him could kill a minutes it's not
in like a specific arena it's just
we're anywhere in the actual oh really
yeah oh but it just by bad ending it is
know how to end it right so bad it's a
bad ending okay alright if I were
teaching middle school English I would
throw that in there just for shits and
giggles says gobbledygook s' I gave
Stephen King a lot more tries than I
should have
ultimately Stephen he has great premises
yes he has great ideas I've been let
down every fucking time yet here here's
the thing here's the thing about great
premises but here's the thing about your
great idea this is a lesson for everyone
out there your great idea for a book or
a movie isn't worth shit until you write
it Stephen King great ideas not that
great a writer great ideas he makes it
happen it's great he's a motivation he's
a motivation to all of us rich
sorry chance is also a good thing you're
very close to the trial good also good
thing you're very close to the trial but
that's for the next time again thanks
for phoenix white oh okay Oh apparently
Phoenix right I originally came out on
the Game Boy Advance okay okay there we
are we are all caught up on ticks on
ticks we're all caught up on ticks
everyone check your head chip behind the
ears is where ticks like to bury
themselves so if you're out in the woods
but you know before before you going you
got to check for ticks check before they
bite down that's important are you so
crazy
camping in Wisconsin rich you gotta be
you have to be aware of ticks mr.
Beebe's is once they bite into you what
are you two fucking months in a row says
you can pull their bond I have no clever
joke for 22 months two twenties E's head
what I want to stay is 22 and it's
nothing fucking gross so fucking gross
hey we got another tip
Len flexes he says the stream I linked
to you is one of the earlier streams
from 2014 that you didn't upload not
trying to be an asshole about you being
behind on streams currently ah no
problem I will look into that I will
look into that Len
also I last 1984's for twenty two
fucking months in a row make film not
war says oh my god
Tyson welcome Kirin XP nonsense eel
nonsense see no nonsense in a bag
nonsense in a bag that's a that's a good
user name might I suggest capitalizing
the start of each word easier to
understand lieutenant lieutenant smash
lieutenant LT seems that could be a
lieutenant
LT smash what that is Lucas Ducas for 18
months in a row says bucum boys ivan GPX
Hartman's
z for 15 months in a row don't you bet
14 months in a row jelly sickle 101
welcome no we a man says same stuff the
next level of Bo TW length increase will
be when you just upload the unedited raw
footage that would save us so much time
we would have had this episode up it'd
also be much dullard to look at i don't
you really don't understand you guys
would hate it that there's a lot of just
quiet board moments with some of these
films you would hate it
whose civilizations khuskhus thirty four
fucking months in a row I think six six
might be one of the first yeah so like
that's the one like a couple months
couple months a couple months to figure
out what we're gonna do here rich geez
we've got to say something new captain
blue 42 says I didn't think I'd like
these Phoenix right streams as much as I
do
oh my god captain blue 42 I didn't think
I'd like these Phoenix right streams as
much as I do that's a triple mr. shields
II Walt hisin beard for 30 fucking
months in a row this rarely go out of my
way to give compliments but I got to
admit you guys are at the top of your
game with the latest Bo TW h ITB and
prereq best in a while thank you thank
you Steve the GIMP Chuck Fox C Smith
$55.99
captain Jake Eric in the north
Sam be DEQ's says hack frog cos Misner
127 fuckin months and a roses iw p.m. no
fear no envy for 25 fuckin months in a
row says o flaxen ski says thanks for
paying attention to my stream 2014 tip
go see Logan I know I need to go see
Logan thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it it's true we really
do there's just so many moves any see
when you see Logan
