Episode 753
Ms. Captain Cpt. Marvel: The Mar-Vel
April 20, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4sJ5-_BVuxc
___________________________________________

we don't know nothing we will be gone
how weird does Captain Marvel sound to
people who are Marvel fans they probably
just sounds of horribly generic ain't a
superhero after the company right well
unlike for anyone who's just like a
general fan of the Marvel movies they
like so wait she's a space pirate cat
wait what does she have superpowers is
Sheila I think a lot of people are gonna
go into this thinking that she's just
gonna be like another star-lord like
like okay another space what what it's a
character that exists to fuck with DC
Captain Marvel Shazam this was called
once upon a time Captain Marvel then
what ever reason that name fell into
public domain or they lost the copyright
on it some marvel snatched it up I don't
know that for a fact but I will bet you
that is the reason Marvel has a Captain
Marvel oh god yeah and that's the reason
they always will have one oh yeah listen
if you're if you run Marvel Comics you
need to have a character with Marvel in
the name it's the reasons spider-girl
exists oh yeah I oh yeah they don't want
DC having a Spider Girl and stage of
spider-man so we need a character called
Spider Girl here's a Spider Woman here's
a Spider Girl we got those and then they
they fucked with DC a little bit wonder
man we got a Wonder Man there's a cop
though we're gonna have a corrector
carrot called Wonder Man
and if you don't know there is a Marvel
character called wonder man who has
nothing to do with the DC character
Wonder Woman he's not he's not like the
luckier area just it's like swell salt
in the wound we can look at that name
let's do it you know I'll be honest with
you it didn't click with me that that
was uh that was a dig at Wonder Woman
for a while I was just like well Wonder
Man yeah oh and he's lame yes but they
get to have that name which is what's
important
well that's what's important to Marvel
for someone who hasn't heard about
Captain Marvel sounds like a satirical
superhero hmm essentially almost it
might have actually been more popular
than Superman for a short period of time
oh yeah in like the 40s or 50s
eventually DC sued the sued Captain
Marvel the people who did Captain Marvel
saying he was too similar to Superman
and they wanted to believe they actually
ended up winning the lawsuit oh really
yeah
Oh interesting uh yeah and I don't I
don't I mean I barely know anything
about Carol Danvers the the most I know
about Carol Danvers is that's where Rowe
got her powers right really I know
nothing about her I tried picking up her
story after after Kamala Khan came out I
was like oh I wonder like what the old
Miss Marvel is doing right now and I
just could not figure it out she's in
space she's super strong she can fly I
know nothing about no it couldn't be
more popular than Superman look it up
look it up they sued him because Captain
Marvel was pretty popular in the day you
know you don't know when I the Captain
Marvel I'm talking about is now known as
Shazam the boy who says the magic word
Shazam and he turns into a superhero
with a cape who's strong and powerful
looks a lot like Superman yep only he's
red the lightning bolt on his chest
she Sam's an interesting character I
like the I like the idea behind Shazam
I'm down I'm down with the idea of just
like a kid like that's that's just
classic wish-fulfillment power fantasy
yeah like a little kid who can turn into
a into a big superhero classic
spider-man who is power nightmare
who's the what power nightmare right
right get all these powers and oh my God
my life is terrible and there's so much
responsibility oh my god people are
trying to kill me and my Aunt May's
dying I need to get her medicine Oh God
having responsibility is terrible Jesus
Christ I need I need to save the city
but I also can't afford my grandma's
medicine incidentally this is why I love
spider-man course it's great dishes a
Mullane no schism isn't Shazam the
wizard yes Swain
well they couldn't call him Captain
Marvel after Marvel snatched up the name
they had to call me or anything else
isn't he still Captain Marvel but like
the book is kulchas at that could be and
that might be well legally I'm not sure
how that works I just don't think they
can call the book Captain Marvel
I think his name is still Captain Mal
this is this is a fantastic question
that I don't know the answer to
Shazam is the wizard we're getting cuz
cuz ham was the genie right
Shazaam is the wizard but they still
call the guy should Sam comment you know
what here's the thing didn't stir 56
comics are crazy convoluted and super
weird all the time
II thought Captain Marvel was a woman
Marvel's captain marvel as a woman but
DC's Captain Marvel is a man there's
also a boy and legally can't be called
Captain Marvel and Marvel's Captain
Marvel is a woman who used to be called
Miss Marvel who was huzzahs wife to the
original boy Captain Marvel of the
Marvel Universe who now goes by Captain
Marvel it's great and that sentence is
accurate think about that think about
that but the current Carol Danvers used
to be Miss Marvel most people will
probably know her as the person rogue
got her super-strength and flight from
but before that she was Miss Marvel the
wife to the old Captain Marvel who is
dead and she's the new Captain Marvel
and the new Miss Marvel is is Kamala
Khan who has the stretchy powers so
here's the thing here's the thing if
you're not if you're not following
Marvel's Captain Marvel them is entirely
unrelated Marvel swooped in and grabbed
the name once legally it became free
like DC hadn't used their Captain Marvel
and so much time and suddenly the name
was free and anyone could use the name
so then Marvel said okay now we're gonna
have a character called Captain Marvel
now DC can't use this name right and so
they made a superhero Captain Marvel who
is a boy at the time a man who was a man
at the time this is some rival company
bullshit going yeah and they're kin
Marvel's Captain Marvel had very similar
power to DC's Captain Marvel where he
was just strong and could fly but then
no space DC's Captain Marvel wasn't
originally DC's Captain Marvel they only
got that Captain Marvel after they sued
Fawcett publications who originally
produce Captain Marvel
what is this true this you're a crazy
person
most it was they sued him they said it's
too much like Superman you can't do that
so great the courts agreed so DC's
Captain Marvel wasn't originally DC's
Captain Marvel in any case it's not at
all related to Marvel's Captain Marvel
who wasn't the original Marvel Captain
Marvel and neither of them are related
to Captain Marvel oh no he's not Captain
Marvel he's the Marvel's at it
Marvel which is a total which is an
alien in the x-men Marvel Universe
oh fuck rich ah comic books are so fuck
oh I forgot about Marvel
