Episode 760
Breath of the Jay (Part 2)
May 4, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rW60Z8eL38
___________________________________________

rewind shocks is rich what I just got to
Lanice guys an FTL and I'm going to use
them as boarders I'm doing your evil
laugh there the the oxygen guys right
the Lennis yeah oh yeah those are great
boarders yeah they suck the oxygen out
of em out of any room that they're in
yeah you can have some fun with them
yeah they wanna destroy the action room
oh those guys scream jack favorite
Doritos Locos Tacos what well the
original of course right
I mean original cheese nacho cheese
Doritos Locos uh ground beef supreme
because then you get a little sour cream
in there too it's a fantastic taco I
can't recommend the Doritos loco enough
it even comes in a handy little sleeve
so you don't get the cheeto down so you
don't have to go but a Dorito dust on so
you don't get the dust on your fingers
it's genius and also just like their
that makes eating tacos so much easier
on the go because it all drips in the in
the bottom of the little holder there
you go great a fucking loaf Taco Bell
have you tried the the Cool Ranch
version I haven't it's gross it sounds
weird go ranch with ground beef is not a
good sound yeah that sounds unappealing
but it takes some it takes some doing
they don't have it as a menu item if you
get a chicken taco and they have like a
ranch dressing hmm so chicken lettuce
ranch dressing with the Cool Ranch oh
yeah
tastes pretty damn good alright tastes
pretty damn good I can see that but you
can't do beef beef and cool range do not
go yeah you get it get real Taco Bell
get real on your David Lynch rant about
Taco Bell I think it's food can you
believe people put this in their mouths
they've got five items they have five
ingredients how does nobody figured out
it's the same five ingredients for every
item get real get real and Jay split was
pretty good but not great
I like split a lot no I want to rewatch
it I'm sowing like that James MacAvoy
the role it's it's good stuff the return
of M night I'm so interested in movie
that wasn't embarrassing and terrible
that's weird
right that's so weird I want to watch
that and then watch The Last Airbender
just just for you know I cuz everyone
always says like The Last Airbender is
so horrible yeah and like I have no like
I've never seen the cartoon I know
nothing about it really right but last
airbender at one point was on Netflix I
don't think it is anymore I was like I
know I'm gonna see what this is all
about or see how bad this is I started
watching it and it was just really
really boring and really dark like
visually okay dark as like I gave up so
it wasn't like oh this is horrible it
was just really dull and so I stopped
watching it maybe gets worse I don't
know but it wasn't like painfully bad it
wasn't you know it wasn't the lady it
wasn't the lady in the water okay
excellent but I only gave it like 20
minutes or something so who knows Hiero
gen 6 says hey guys any chance of a
little snake pass tonight I loaned my
switch to a buddy so he could play Zelda
wondering whether I should bust his
balls to hurry and get it back to me
probably not gonna do snake Pass we
played a little bit of it before the
Friday stream and there's just nothing
it's it's just nothing to it you know
like I was I played it for what want to
see it I wouldn't mind giving it a
shadow won't be a full stranger we got a
full stream out of it as a bro rich if
you if you want to stop playing Zelda I
really don't want to stop playing Zelda
great that method so not tonight but
maybe maybe we can do that another night
I did get another capture card to leave
here at the studio so we can play the
switch anytime we wanted on stream turd
smugglin says hey guys big fan I watched
the burbs last night ah I love the burbs
and I'm now convinced that Jay went back
in time just to play the guy who offers
Tom Hanks sardines and that
yeah yeah we made a joke about that and
an old half on the bag episode that I
looked like that guy back when you had
the the mutton jaya
yeah hans klopek you have since up to
your facial hair game there you go have
you ever seen the burbs you've had to
have seen the buggers Tom Hanks Tom
Hanks Carrie Fisher's his wife Bruce
Turin is the neighbor you need to watch
the burbs if you haven't seen it might
be on Netflix is that the one where
Dante directed it is that the one where
their neighbors have like a creepy how
has it been along okay yeah their
neighbors have a creepy house
I think I'm yeah they're in a cul-de-sac
yeah and these new neighbors move in and
they're creepy and they keep to
themselves
so Tom Hanks and his friend the whole
the rest of the people to call the
second like obsessed with them and
wondering why they're so like you know
withdrawn and it's wonderful wonderful
comedy Tom Hanks and creepy house is all
I remember from it so I have seen it but
it's gone repelled ins in it he's the
well shit then I got who he's a neighbor
then I got dude no I'm sure it's been
way too long it's it's it's really good
I like that movie a lot okay okay
the Berbers might make a good miniseries
you have to change a lot about the story
it's a pretty self-contained story J's
not convinced
okay panned open drew has a great
question here this is important and
poignant how long do you think it will
be before they remake jr. if you
remember I don't think that movie has
the the but with Kevin Hart and Dwayne
the rock Johnson on next month no you
know what you sold me I was gonna say
that jr. is not a popular movie like it
was a flop and everybody hates it yeah
but you bring up the rock and Kevin Hart
now we got something here's what they're
gonna remake here's what
Kevin Hart and doing the rock Johnson
are going to remake before jr. that's
that can you continue take a stab at
wins twin yeah
there was talk for a while somewhat
recently of making a sequel to twins and
it would be called triplets and it would
turn out that there was another sibling
and it was gonna be Eddie Murphy this is
a real thing recently in the last within
the last two or three years I heard
about this that would be so great no not
modern-day Eddie Murphy no well no not
modern I'm underneath any of them Danny
DeVito I think modern-day Danny DeVito
Arnold would be like he'd be in one
scene but then Eddie Murphy and Danny
DeVito hang out together
even modern day it was modern day Danny
DeVito teamed up with 80s Eddie Murphy
then you would have something then it
would work even still I'd take crazy
crazy with drawn Eddie Murphy and Danny
DeVito you have one scene where Arnold
is like yeah guys I do ding very good
good going and going down the clues I'll
see you later exact on for the rest of
the movie exactly I'd take that I think
I saw junior once and I remember like
cuz I'd like twins yeah I haven't seen
it since I was a kid but I remember
liking twins and I saw junior and I was
like there's no jokes in this movie
there's like nope it's a comedy but
there's no joke that's what I remember
is like there's no the only jokes is
that he's pregnant that's it that's it I
just remember being really like like
bizarre but I don't remember various
somebody thought Arnold Schwarzenegger
pregnant that's enough I guess all you
need for that movie is the image on the
poster yeah it's just Arnold
Schwarzenegger pregnant belly prego
belly like that's what else did that's
it that tells the movie did Ivan Reitman
direct that I think he did could be how
could be I don't know did Ivan Reitman
direct anything good other than
ghostbusters look up Ivan right that's
it you don't say that's a fine question
people always like you know ghostbusters
works because of the cast and because of
Ivan Reitman direction but yeah outside
of that movie he doesn't have a good
track record let me see here
hell of a time for a blood look at how
fucked you are you just beat all those
guys and I'm fart mildly annoyed
I've Raymond directed stripes which is
half of a good movie yeah twins
kindergarten Cobb ok kindergarten cops
great dave dave is fucking fantastic is
it really what you've never seen Dave I
think I saw none cable like way back
when I when I first probably when I was
like 13 Kevin Kline Sigourney Weaver is
that actually a good movie I think it's
a good movie ok
it's schmaltz I like Kevin Kline but if
you're into that kind of schmaltz it's
great ooh Ivan Reitman directed Father's
Day did you ever see that with dilly
crystal and Robin Williams where their
daughter runs away to go on there's more
with Sugar Ray yes their son not
daughter their son it's their son well
it might be one of their sons because
Natasha Kinski shows up and says to each
of them individually and says it's there
it's a remake of a French movie um
it's terrible it's like the first movie
that cuz Billy Crystal and Robin
Williams did all like those comic relief
specials on HBO together yeah huge
comedic talents and like they're finally
together in a movie and it's just like
the worst movie and the kid is like
insufferable he's terrible when he's
following she's always a grey fucking
hell man they have to go on a road trip
because their son is and sounds like you
know you think he's an idiot already
guest idea life following Sugar Ray and
I think this was even before like they
had a big hit yeah yeah I don't think
they were they were really no none no
this was before I just want to fly that
was a big show
fucking hell Father's Day but yet dave
dave is really it's one of those really
solid premise comedies okay you know if
anyone doesn't know the premise - Dave
check it out
I barely remember age love Kevin Kline
is a professional president impersonator
oh that's what it is okay he goes to
like car sale events pretending to be
the president and it has like comedy
bits then he is hired to be
an official presidential stand-in while
the president has liked official
business but the president dies and
instead of telling the American people
that the president dies the vice
president of the the Secretary to other
people say hey you're gonna keep
pretending to be the president and
shenanigans happen okay there's so many
shenanigans and Sigourney Weaver is she
the first lady Sigourney Weaver's the
first lady okay I want to say Oh who
like who's the evil guy I don't I won't
remember anyone's names
I think Sir Ben Kingsley is the vice
president is that accenture no I I might
be getting it confused uh Judd Hirsch ah
there's a wonderful scene where they
have to balance the budget okay you know
cuz that's just a normal thing to do and
Judd Hirsch is like an accountant and
he's like who does these books head Hey
it's great
all right I'm not completely sold on
Dave but um Ben Kingsley's vice
president yes I'm remembering names you
know how terrible I am with name but
I've seen Dave 20 times 15 times so it's
all I have I've seen a lot solid movie I
mean and you'll see every joke coming a
mile away cuz its standard like he's the
president but he's not really the
president it's standard like old rich
lady gets a pie in the face
and it's just great
schmaltz schmaltz doesn't exist is like
friend who does taxes to balance the US
budget I remember that's the only thing
I remember about days we're gonna joke
about some schlub balancing the budget
hmm like three seconds ago I was talking
about Judd Hirsch the accountant coming
in to balance the budget rich I use my
brain is yours membranous no but you
didn't say it was just a friend I
thought I said friend
oh maybe did it it doesn't matter yeah
he has a shot of coming to balance the
budget he's uh he's
I'm trying to think of any other bits
there's there's some fun bits with him
in Sigourney Weaver and it's oh my god
what I never even knew that the Lizza
foes arm the skeleton arm wait nope
that's not it
Oh people are saying it's Charles
Grodin's not judd hirsch look at this
look at this if it's Charles groans I'm
soaring skeleton arm I was mixing him up
it's totally Charles Grodin Charles
groans great it's totally Charles Grodin
I'm so sorry I'm so sorry Jed her not
apologize to all the Charles Grodin fans
no I can wire the fraud I'm going on and
on about Dave and I don't know my Dave
facts like I am put to shame put to
shame now who's the bad guy so a lot of
people mention who they like the the
evil Secretary of State is or whoever
Frank Langella Oh Frank Langella is
great Frank Langella he is and that is a
solid actor he is he's the foil and he's
go he's fantastic fan today man
next review Dave you know what it'll
just be me just be me talking to myself
about Dave cuz it's great wants to start
a new series has just dedicated to
forgotten presidential comedies it'll be
like that and my fellow Americans with
Jack Lemmon remember that movie no it's
it's Jack Lemmon and James Garner I
think okay they're like both former
presidents and they get into wacky
hijinx ice I don't think I've ever seen
it can we also include wag the dog oh
yeah the socially the social commentary
presidents will be like a like a sharp
satire and nobody saw it or cared yep I
think that's Mike Nichols directed that
the director of the Graduate and uh
who's in that that's a Dustin Travolta's
in it yeah John Travolta is no John
Travolta's in primary colors another
presidential comedy right yep uh yeah
wag the dog I think Dustin Hoffman isn't
does it make sense what if it's the same
director as the Graduate yeah yeah
there's I bet there's a lot of failed
president god
chill companhia Oh prime Airy colors or
maybe primary colors as Mike Nichols I
don't remember I feel like maybe they
seemed like the same movie in my brain
it wasn't quite presidential I remember
liking Eddie Murphy's uh the
distinguished gentleman oh that's been
uh I never saw that movie that's a
fantastic movie nobody liked that was
that was the beginning of his downfall
movies like that and like boomerang I
haven't seen Goldfinger but just it was
gentleman this last no finger remember
bow finger yeah distinguished gentleman
this last time I remember Eddie Murphy
being funny okay I I don't think I ever
saw it distinguished gentleman is is a
is a solid social commentary because he
starts the movie as a con man okay where
if I remember correctly the
distinguished gentleman someone uh for
governor died recently and he just had a
very similar name and so he ran for
governor just because he had a very
similar name hoping to calm the system
and be the governor okay and he wins it
worked and it whoa okay and so then he's
hoping just for some small-time scams
but then you know he grows a conscience
because he gets wrapped up into the
system but he uses his conman smarts to
con the cons in Congress that sounds
like a solid premise for a county it's a
solid it's a solid film yeah I I
remember the distinguished gentleman
being very good all right Pratt you know
it's Friday probably doesn't have those
like classic memorable moments but solid
I smell so slow in this game oh it's a
oh so you're not a governor he was a
congressman and he had the exact same
name okay okay look its wires are being
crossed but I had enough in there I'm
confident oh you said governor I said
governor and he was the Congress man
terrible mistake terribly sick horribly
wrong distinguished gentleman is the
same director as clue and my cousin
Vinnie oh all right I like clue I mean I
guess I like my cousin Vinnie I haven't
seen it in forever
no one has bad thoughts to my cousin
villain it's fine
exactly it's fine you
can't you can't not like my cousin
Vinnie for a while it was the only movie
on cable that's true yeah that's the
thing is I don't know if I've ever seen
that movie from start to finish but I've
seen the whole thing and bits and pieces
on cable yep
what is that thing what are you doing
supposedly ice I'm trying to get it to
melt I think it's slightly smaller I
have no idea let's see here hey Jack
says anonymous have you ever thought of
using that prereq money to bring in more
guests don't wait for guests to approach
you know I haven't there you how do you
guess I would be awkward if they don't
want to be on right it'd be clinical
good yeah here's the thing we gotta talk
about talking points and and you know
we've been really lucky we got to we got
to interview the the four exes the fire
axis guys fire axis whatever the the
fire axis is and you know Edmund came on
the show and hung out with us for more
hours and I think he wanted to but like
we did was fun that was really great
conversation but also like we knew that
those were people like one was an
interview that we could edit afterwards
and one he wanted to just come on and
talk about bad movies so is that that's
an easy pitch you you guys were freeform
we're not we're not going to do any
we're not going to do anyone any good by
them being on the show no oh yeah it's
melting when you hit it with your sword
right it'll be great exposure for you
exactly we reach a Craigslist ad ooh a
golden bow not only good I'm there just
a golden fucking boat yeah you already
have really nice bows so bitch remember
what you can do you might be able to do
this one first and then you know you
would have
really awesome golden bow so hey guys
says Buster loads have you seen Tommy
Wiseau's neighbors just as much as a
mindfuck as the room but in a totally
different way it's fucking terrible yeah
it's terrible and not enough fun way I
was neighbors he's like webserie it was
like yeah I was on Hulu it's supposed to
be like a sitcom type thing yeah it's
basically like what makes it made me
realize why the room is so special and
that is that the room for all of its
weirdness like it looks like a movie you
know like it's it's not shot amazingly
but it's it's you know competently shot
with professional equipment and and and
that's what makes like the contrast
between that and just the completely
bizarre dialogue and Tommy Wiseau's
performance like that's what makes that
movie work and then the neighbors it's
just like it looks like a cheap home
movie and it's like incomprehensible and
annoying like it's terrible I don't even
think it's worth watching out of
curiosity like I like the room so I'm
gonna watch Tommy Wiseau's the neighbors
I know it's not even worth watching for
that it's just like frustrating and
obnoxious how sad
ya know sad death John says have any of
you mustered up any excitement for alien
covenant nope or is that franchise just
dead which one is covenant this is a new
one was I lose track is that the one
that looks just like the first one yep
okay it's it's the new exciting alien
movie where people land on a planet and
then they discover an egg and then a
face sucker comes out and then they run
from an alien your corridors why can't
like why don't they ever let franchises
die I think why do they need to keep
making you it doesn't mean you don't
like aliens yeah they stopped making new
alien movies well this is all driven by
Ridley Scott now which is the most
embarrassing part does he be money to
see my house there was something
recently where he said he had ideas for
like five more alien movie yes that
means I need a house
no I think I'm starting really Scottish
like my daughter's Lucas bought a boat
no no this is this is classic midlife
crisis
yeah please in beyond our live the Matt
this is classic nuke the fridge
territory D view oh I remember how much
fun it was making aliens I can make more
yeah right right Sonny Sonny I can make
a movie Shawnee i watch made and I was I
was when we did Prometheus and I caught
a lot of shit for not like hating
prometheus yeah um but when we discuss
it on half in the bag I was very
forgiving of Ridley Scott and and now
I'm starting to regret that
cuz Jesus Christ I I still think that
there's some good in Prometheus no I
pray this is okay I don't hate it as
much as ever it's not great and there's
some problems especially in the second
half but like I I don't hate it
oh it falls the third act crumbles yeah
but now the whole thing is like he's
saying like this new one alien covenant
which is a sequel to Prometheus kind of
uh-huh and he says he has ideas for like
four or five more alien movies and all
those movies are what is supposed to be
leading up to the original alien it's
like why the fuck do we need all that
backstory the original alien is a
self-contained movie like we don't need
to know where the space jockey comes
from and get that in for me to know any
of this shit like all this space Jackie
came from how you gonna know where the
Death Star plans came huh all this
convoluted like biological like like at
the end of Prometheus when it's like oh
it's at the alien but it's not really
the alien it's like a step in the
evolutionary prophet can right and Jesus
Christ the the most right underneath
midi-chlorians the most unnecessary
piece of film history ever is knowing
where the like what the alien evolved
well there's a yeah in the original
alien there's a very clear life cycle
like you know there's an egg and there's
a facehugger and the facehugger
impregnates you and then that's where
the alien comes from like yep
simple yep I never ever thought when
watching alien like I wonder what how
where this life-form evolved from right
who the fuck could care
oh did that wolf just disappear yeah
yeah yeah let's see here Mao bolts says
Jay I just watched true stories Wow
I really enjoy it I plan on reviewing it
this week thanks for the recommendation
no you're welcome it's a lovely movie
it's a heartwarming movie yeah and and
David Byrne is hilarious in it
good old David Byrne good old David
Byrne uh quince Omni axe is Jay I have
to write a paper about a film chosen
from a list one film on the list is the
lobster okay is the lobster a good film
yes we've talked about the lobster many
times I don't want to watch it I'm
intrigued by the premise I have no
desire to watch the lobster no it's what
is the premise for somebody has no idea
what the fuck laughs - is he was
listening right now yeah Jay Jay care to
delve into this the lobster takes place
in this sort of alternate reality it's
not our world but it's it's like this
world where uh well like our world
there's a lot of pressure for people to
be like in a relationship and get
married and have children and blah blah
blah
and if you're desperate enough and
you're having trouble finding a life
mate you go to this resort where you are
given I think it's 30 days to mingle and
find a mate and if you don't find one at
the end of that 30 days you get turned
into an animal of your choice so in the
movie Pelin the movie Colin Farrell goes
to this and he's going to be turned into
a lobster if he doesn't find a mate in
30 days
it's very satirical about like the
pressure society has on people to you
know find it find a mate maybe in a
relationship if you're not a
relationship you're weirdo it's a very
dry comedy uh the first half is is much
stronger than the second half but it's
good
yeah it's like I'm ok with weird
premises I don't know if I could get on
board with that one it's it's solid I
want to re-watch it actually I think it
would be better on a repeat viewing on a
second I've only seen it once all right
well there's all your hot lobster action
right there hot buttered lobster action
timekeeper 1 or 2 says hello thank you
for all the entertainment you provide
your shenanigans helped me through
trials of building and operating
Shanghai Disney Wow is that the Disney
World in Shanghai they worked there and
helped build it
oh great that that would be my guess if
that is true that's great and if it's so
weird why would you lie about it that
it's so weird because it's so weird yes
so random trivia you can download space
cop in China sans VPN that's great so
that means the the China Board of
morality has cleared space cop which I
don't believe it all have any of you
seen the hamburger of the motion picture
I think we have a copy of it around here
I've never seen it that's one of those
80s boner comedies we have we were
thinking about doing it with like if
we're talking about food yeah because we
have there's hotdogs the movie yeah
there's hamburger the motion picture and
then there's the stuff yeah the stuffs
not a food I mean it is but like the
title doesn't have the same ring as like
hamburger right if we had if we had
something called chicken sandwich
chicken sandwich the film yeah we almost
watch stuff this stuff but we still
should I like the stuff should I say why
no no no I'll give it away in case we
ever do it all right all right I don't
remember why there's a very specific
reason yeah oh oh
interesting interesting unit 603 idiot
hey Jay what is the technical part of
movies you like noticing most also any
plans for Cameron Materials 100th
birthday
is this how hundredth birthday coming oh
they're coming up I don't know what
cameras right there
maybe it's almost here so what technical
aspects of filmmaking do you enjoy the
most
um is that do you enjoy noticing so I
just assume it means enjoy in general
yeah I think it depends on the movie I
guess I would say cinematography mm-hmm
but only when it feels appropriate for
the material but usually in front of the
damn camera so like my favorites uh I
mean are you talking about like they're
talking about like when I watch a movie
right is that they mean yeah I think
that's what they're yeah not not like us
doing stuff okay cinematography is
definitely not my favorite aspect of us
making stuff oh god no it's really hard
to think about that kind of stuff um
where do I put the camera in front of
space cop to accentuate his feelings of
hunger for the hot dog honey hot dogs
are actually in Sunny's calm it's like
no not many
I was a Jew Jack I was it was the joke
karyotyping space cock you know I am
let's go space cop loves hot dogs that's
part of the Lord the deeply well thought
out Lord by the way Cameron Mitchell
will be a hundred years old next
November would have been hundred years
would have been a hundred years old next
November the fourth okay well as bones
are still aging maybe maybe we'll plan
something for the hundredth for the
Fernet that's a pretty big deal that's a
nice number
that's over a year away what we have
plenty old not even this November next
November oh yeah he was born in 1918 Oh
Cameron Mitchell
all Cameron Mitchell best of the worst
we could we could pull that off probably
but we'd have to wait a year and a half
all right what else you gonna watch the
stuff apparently there's a reason we're
not but that's we celebrate Cameron rich
Mitchell's life every time we do a movie
with Cameron Mitchell true that's true I
think like the cinematography is a
really easy answer for technical parts
of movies that you enjoy the most
because that's what separates it from
other mediums yes yes
you know camera placement and lighting
to accentuate moods is what makes a
movie a movie yeah it also is what like
bums me out about movies that I think
don't quite get there I think that was
one of my big problems with moonlight
which I was looking forward to seeing is
like the poster and all of the art that
they used to advertise the movement
movie had this incredible lighting to it
yeah I always see the the poster for
poster with a different colored base
like purples and yeah yeah purples and
teals and y-yeah
really interesting color and they never
take advantage of that in the movie hmm
and it's not shot in a particularly
interesting way okay
and so it's like oh if this if you if
you gave this exact movie to a
cinematographer who wanted to accentuate
some of that stuff it could have been
next level button cast in this game a
thing
Katz's cast the singing bird people are
excited that he's on this tower he's
great he's all over the place
is he that big fan favorite he's the
tingle of this game man he's everywhere
he's the tingle hey I oh I liked him I
always liked finding him oh I got
nothing against him just I know editor
was a thing oh yeah it was it was always
it was always great cuz you know you
never know where he's gonna be in all
the sudden you just hear the accordion
hopeful wait what's gone you would think
that if you have light in your title you
might want to think about lighting right
well and I want to say it's based off of
a story or a play called when little
black boys turn blue and so yeah like it
has this like light just in it and and
every once in a while like there's one
specific scene in moonlight where where
this young this young kid is like having
an argument with with his mother and she
comes out of her room and there's this
harsh pink light shining on her from her
bedroom now it's great it's a ooh ooh
this is this finally it's gonna kick in
and it never happens again
yeah never oh it's so disappointing
Thank You Tiberius Kirk I should have
showed Jay there there's a there's a
thing in this game that's very phallic
okay and you get new information to your
iPad that you have in this game and this
phallic thing like pulsates and drips
goo onto your iPad oh my god right and
so for the review I had those shots but
I pixelated it which I thought was a
great job and Anna and we wonder why
Nintendo didn't let us monetize that
video but uh we've come across another
one we'll show you the phallic dripping
people on the chat person ah death metal
six one six says I actually thought a
rival was slightly overrated it's good
it's really good it's very very good
very good I don't like overrated is such
a nebulous term see I don't really like
when someone describes something as like
overrated or underrated because you're
not really saying an opinion on the
thing you're saying you know your
reaction to other people's reaction to
the thing and who cares that's a really
good point I I'm sure I've done in the
past called something overrated or
underrated but I try not to just because
it you're not really talking about the
quality of I do it all the time but
you're not discussing the quality of
whatever that is right you're discussing
other people discussing it yeah yeah so
I try to avoid it
I'm sure I've done it you know a number
of times but I thought have you seen a
rival no no rich is not seeing it yet
you got to get on there yeah yeah yeah
no that's that's that's what yeah yeah
you got that's good gots to it's very
good very very good especially I see now
we're setting you up for you'll watch it
and they'll say it's over right right
fucking deal thanks hey remember in
print we went through this with dread
and you like dread yeah yeah no dread so
good Fred so great
uh-oh rifles good all right I really
liked a rifle that was my favorite as
far as Oscar best pictures go that was
my pick just because I enjoyed it the
most but but hey you know what
lalala I mean moonlight wins and say one
of them wins whatever things matter
there's a really great did you see like
I forget who did I wanna say like vice
did a little YouTube video after that
la-la-land moonlight debacle about the
typography of the Oscar ballot mm-hmm
and then like if you look at the the
earthy you know the form that says who
won it's horribly designed oh yeah it
does not show the correct information
large enough and it shows other
information too large like you know we
gave this to some some designers and how
would you redesign this to make it
easier to read at a glance and they
showed like how they would do it they
gave other examples of how bad
typography has led to like really bad
things like for example in the 2000
election the typography of the ballot in
Florida that you know cause people to
vote for people they didn't intend to
vote for yeah like typography is like a
super important thing not just for who
wins the Oscar it was a neat little mini
video on huh I'm the importance of
typography if anyone has a link to that
share that in the chat because I thought
it was really neat
I'll neat graphic design interesting
uh-oh
oh right where are we sorry chen's is
happy Sunday everyone rich yes what
defense level upgrade level is your
Twilight link outfit set things seem to
be barely hurting you only a little too
I haven't I haven't in this plate there
I have not unlocked a third fountain yet
no I a table here's something okay you
know the food items that give you buffs
yeah look at the time limit 30 minutes
stuck a dragon horn in there
shit 30 minutes of triple boost to do
this 30 minutes a triple boosted defense
that's why I was barely taking any
damage three iron shrooms an arrow Nance
and a shard of four ahsha's hoping it
would work with four iron shoes sure
that's great
yeah that's 30 minutes of boosted
defense pretty awesome it's all because
that dragon horn there you go super
charges everything I got
lastly that's 30 minutes of snack that's
awesome
mighty banana razor shroom mighty
thistle razor claw clab collab you know
the clock lab 30 minutes of stealth shit
rich that's intense yeah yeah oh thank
you the real van that was Vox Vox put
out that Oscars and graphic design piece
worth a watch worth watch really
interesting stuff especially if you are
into graphic design hmm let's see here
bad news everyone says hi rich hi jack
hi Jay anyone care about alien covenant
with y'all don't with Ridley Scott
talking about being down to churn out a
half dozen more if audiences wanted seem
like he's just stopped caring
this reminds me incredibly like how
James Cameron wants to make more avatars
yeah I feel like that time is past - you
know yeah I'm gonna do just one sequel
to avatar but he's still gearing up to
make like four of them or something so
yes it started yet no they're never
gonna happen
did you see the commercial for avatar
land oh yeah
creepy animatronic avatar person who
cares about this thing is like avatar
was a huge hit when it came out like
nobody talks about that movie anymore
right it had its had no lasting
impression but but by the way he's
signed a contract it's getting a theme
park now it's Jesus it's so fucked up so
fucked up darkus says hi rich I Jack and
a special hi to Jay what is your
favorite movie out of the trilogy from
Edgar Wright Simon Pegg and Nick Frost
Hot Fuzz world's end of us
for me it's Shaun of the Dead Hot Fuzz
you know what I did not much care for
the world's end at all I like it I
didn't really like it that much either I
didn't hate it it's it seems to be the
least like to the three I like it quite
a bit but I think yeah I like the other
two more but it just didn't seem to do
like John Rossiter ization like the
other two did know I mean there's sci-fi
elements but it's it's kind of telling
its own story more right I kind of like
um I like the movie quite a bit I like
some of the action stuff all the the
drunken bar fighting I am it's fun and
is this the fact that at the end when
they're yelling at the aliens the light
shine down they're just like literally
drunk that's kind of great oh yeah
it has its moments it's a fun movie but
for me it's Shaun of the Dead just
because you know that's that's more the
genre that I'm interested in
oh yeah and I think the character
working it is stronger than the other
ones you know what you might have a
point there but action schlock well I
guess the thing is like it's it's Hot
Fuzz is influenced by what isn't just
action schlock it ends with some amazing
action ya know the it's satirizing
action shock which is my that's my
wheelhouse they're fucking I will I will
watch bad boys at the drop of a that's
the thing is like I don't care about
like bad boy they know of bad boys too
is the big one or everything I run that
movie and like I'm not into the Michael
Bay stuff and I'm not in action as much
in general right it's still a very you
know funny movie it's a clever movie I'm
saying is our answers make sense for who
we are sure what is this Richard a minor
test extreme modest modest a strength
alright okay so it's not going surge
like I got waster a stress or an armlet
yeah you prick
oh these guys you can't use the Master
Sword on either the knot the dungeon
ones right yes they don't count as being
evil oh I suppose their training yeah I
guess that mean yes that makes sense
oh and by the way a Ivan Lee you're
right the the great thing about like
Shaun of the Dead and Hot Fuzz is
they're part of this like what was the
new wave of satire which is movies that
were satirizing genre whilst also paying
homage to it yeah so they're not just
like he only said all three movies
actually work beyond parody oh yeah
absolutely I don't consider them
parodies but I mean they are they
clearly are yeah to me I mean I don't I
see I don't see it that way like Shaun
of the Dead to me is a horror comedy it
is as well you know I don't really view
it as a parent because it takes the
horror element seriously right but it
the difference from like a normal parody
but it also plays with the tropes of
horror oh sure and that's what makes it
a satire I in my in my opinion it takes
all of those things that you know are
gonna happen in a zombie movie and to
use an English phrase takes the piss but
still pays enough respect to them to
make it a legitimate or movie in its own
right yeah it's a new it's a different
kind of satire see to me it feels like
especially the Shaun of the Dead
um and I can't comment as much on Hot
Fuzz because I'm not as familiar with
all those action movies but we shun the
dead it feels like it's more not
parroting the conventions so much as
embracing them embracing them in a
comedic way because it still treats
those elements seriously I'm trying to
think of a specific because like in my
head it does both like and it a writing
it rides the line and I'm trying to
think of a specific example well you
know like so like the classic one is the
first zombie shows up and they need to
scrounge to find a weapon to defeat that
zombie yeah and so they start going
through their record collection
right and throwing records at it whilst
making little jokes about their records
the deciding which records they can
which records are Willie knows really
it's like that's a clear example of like
you know what the setup should be and
they have a little fun with it so that's
that's a satire element but there's also
blood and a zombie that's a real threat
so they take the genre serie that's both
this new satire they're smart people
smart people they're smart people know
like I want to say like for Hot Fuzz
there's a ton especially during that
last action sequence there's just a ton
of one-liners that would you know like
during their shootouts like a ton of
one-liners that would work perfectly in
those old 80's early 90's action movies
chair but they say cuz you kind of know
that they're joking and right the sadder
the the satire is their button the house
I love it new satire yes trademark red
and you a menu with an umlaut saturdaya
trademark Jack Packard incorporated yeah
a lot of and I like Hot Fuzz but a lot
of it for me was more like I could
acknowledge that it's clever
more so than actually find it funny oh
there's a lot of that without fuss for
me okay I think that's fair yeah I mean
I mean it's still it's it's great
they're all great you get Timothy Dalton
yeah that's all I'm getting his face
impaled at the end ah let's see
anonymous says can we agree that the
trailers for the new Alex Kurtzman
directed masterpiece The Mummy looks
like the worst thing ever most
inappropriate way to do a Martin guy
directed that oh no
apparently I don't even realize that
hello anyway what is he saying yeah the
most inappropriate way to do a mummy
movie I am Oh
now they've already done action mummy
Brendan Fraser movies this is just more
of that yeah it made I can't even
remember what's in the trailer besides
them in the airplane and the airplane
goes parabolic yeah I don't know it just
looks a look of generic
looks very very lame yeah but it's the
start of a new universal monster
cinematic universe which I would be I
would be super excited about if they
were making actual horror films and not
dumb Tom Cruise action movies yeah yeah
this time it's lupus says hey guys it
really enjoyed the curse of the worst
video on a you enjoyed us predicting
Wilfred Lilly's horrible death on a
completely 100% unrelated note can we
have some best of the worst episodes
where you just want to non-stop Pauly
Shore movies hey what's probably sure
done to piss you I there's way better
people to watch you movies up if that's
what you're going do you want to kill
Pauly Shores
well he's inoffensive at this point who
cares about Pauly Shore anymore what's
he doing what's he doing does Jimmy
Fallon ever been in a movie he has he
was in taxi with Queen Latifah
so can we watch taxi hurt you
he's just a boring talk-show host leave
Jimmy Fallon alone
I saw one comment under the video that
said like you guys need to watch a movie
starring Tila Tequila I was like has
anyone fucking thought about tea like
tequila in like 10 years I don't know
who that is doesn't she just do straight
up porn I think so I don't know nobody
she was like famous wasn't she famous
for having lots of followers on MySpace
oh that's it yep that was her claim to
fame and and then she turned that into a
quasi successful music career yes very
quasi and then she was in a reality show
the it was a reality dating show very
much similar to The Bachelor only the
twist was that she is bisexual so there
were both men and women trying to get
her love yeah
but nobody's thought about her in ten
years oh I thought that was the most
random well in Harvey like try and kill
Tila Tequila why did she what has she
done to you nobody pays any there are
there in life monsters in the world
right now that we can try to take out
with our powers of predicting that old
people will die jack knows the history
of Tila Tequila apparently I do by the
way I can't I can't remember like movies
I like or actors or actresses that I
like but I can remember the complete
history of Tila Tequila yeah well you
know it's important priorities I just
remember it like it was a few years ago
that she liked her career had hit such a
high that she was at the gathering of
the Juggalos oh and there was a video
like that surfaced of people just like
throwing their own shit at her I assume
that happens to everyone at the
gathering of the Juggalos right and she
had already been paid so she sang like
one song and then left the stage he
never came back on okay so you know
after they throw shit at me yeah I'm me
yeah yeah oh they're justified
absolutely I sided with Tila Tequila in
this situation oh I I mean you have to
side against her just for saying that
she would do that in the first place
what are you expecting at the gathering
of the Juggalos a little bit of class
you lovely a little bit of class no but
a class was a class you're right here I
told her I'm how to fuck that I'm some
lawyer well you hit it in you gotta hit
it out I'm not in how could I
it's a great question right and I don't
know wait oh I think I remember this
okay let's see your Huff Hardin says I
have a Bo TW for you warriors of Justice
I don't know that one it was played on a
bus for a church youth trip nobody had
seen it before ten minutes in a topless
sex scene only the dress only the driver
knew how to stop the DVD
you forget and so I oh no I bet all
those kids didn't say a word like oh
don't drag our driver yeah
warriors of jet that sounds like there's
something I feel like we've have a
million movies with warriors and/or
justice on the title hold on like that
that rings very familiar for me hold on
I'm looking at the Shelf right now I see
at least one movie with warriors in the
title right warriors of the wasteland
we have warriors of the wasteland
warriors of the lost world warriors of
the lost world warlords is a 21st
century and uh stocker okay these two
were right next oh you're combining
those two movies in your brain so here's
what we have right next to each other
warriors of the lost lost wasteland and
steel justice so that's where I was
thinking alien warrior Jesus Christ
warrior warrior warriors warrior of the
Warriors that's a lot of fucking warrior
movies
OOP oh my god so yeah there was warriors
of the wasteland and steel justice like
a shelf apart well didn't we do was
warriors of the Apocalypse was that the
name of the movie we did and a really
early bus the worst yeah oh is that the
one with sid haig no no that was that
was aftermath where's it the apocalypse
was the Lucio Fulci movie where it was
like a
rina and they had like gladiator
gladiator wasn't it you're thinking Oh
lenka Basinski is everything you know oh
my god
words of the apocalypse that was a
Lincoln settle on campuses key one
that's long can work out before I got
changed to female warrior apocalypse
okay the Lou the Lucio Fulci one was the
one with it where everyone had
motorbikes yes what was that one called
the many gladiators okay I don't know if
I if I saw that one that you might not
have been there for those that's the
first episode that was the second or
third I can't even remember you forget I
think you might have done two without me
I call this crap blends together it is
no yeah it's just the worst crap but the
quality ones stick with you like I've
only seen Miami connection once and I
can still vividly remember most of that
movie yeah friends through it the
quality ones still still stand out
friends forever we stick together by the
way there's a fourth fairy phone I know
somewhere in this desert but I have
never found incidentally I would like to
find him you Jack I think you missed my
tip I asked you and Jay what video and
audio codecs and container formats you
use for editing I don't know if I missed
it or if I just haven't gotten to it yet
we still have many tips to get to I
usually for the footage of me and rich I
always transcode to ProRes but for like
gameplay footage and or other footage I
just leave in the raw format because
Premiere can handle them do you still
transcode yeah yeah pro res yeah pro res
is is the it's the easiest to work with
sometimes like for the for like for
first four hours of I won't transcode
the footage of rich and I'll just use
the RAW format because like you should
all small and squished anyway so I won't
worry about transcoding like taking the
time to transcode that because you're
not going to it doesn't need to look
nice
you know and it's not like I do a lot of
sonot so I don't need to worry about
speeding up the Edit process so a lot of
times I'll just use the RAW format which
is oh god what's Panasonic's RAW format
do you even know I don't know the AV
AVCHD yes AVC HD which is their RAW
format thank you
when I tipped it was 30 seconds to be
received in another 35 minutes for Jack
to read it that's how it works and don't
people realize this at this point we've
gone through this every single stream
and you know sometimes you'll tip and we
won't have a lot to say about it so
we'll just move on but sometimes it goes
into a whole conversation which is why
all you show up so please be patient was
that with our tip reading was that what
who said that though bloggers will find
their tip who said we'll do it as
quickly as possible
who says so you know we'll get out of
the way so we get to the other tips
faster with Oh didn't we do they
volunteer the codec one okay one day and
I might have missed it which you know
happens because we have so many fucking
tips but um let's see lightning
lightning round jag light man lightning
round death metals here here this will
be a very easy one
deathmetal616 says, Jay, there is a half of
the bag episode where nuclear war breaks
out and you and Mike are watching
Laverne and Shirley yes I was once I was
born this is true the end I was
wondering if that was an intentional far
side reference no great far side the
comic strip
I assume which is great comic but it's a
great comic Gary Larson could it be a
subconscious reference I don't think so
you're a fucking liar have you read um
have you ever read his uh like his
history of the far side book gary
larson's I don't think so I think I have
it oh it's I don't think I've heard it
it's faintly like if you're a fan of the
far side comic he goes through life side
his early childhood stuff he got like he
shows his first comics that he drew
before they were being public
I've skimmed through this I never read
the whole thing oh it's fun okay very
fun very fun read if you were in too far
side remember that remember they tried
to make a TV show out of that
Tales from the Far Side.
I used to have
Wait, wait, wait.
They tried to make a TV show out of The Far Side?
They made one I don't know if it was like a pilot episode
but it was aired as just like a special right
because they only did the one here's bad
cuz it didn't translate back to her
pilot yeah I don't understand how you
could do that
I watched it when it aired I taped it so
I had it on VHS tape for a while its
animated and it's basically just kind of
animated versions of some of his more
it's very like freeform like I seen I
haven't watched it since it aired which
was what 2530 years ago no not 30 you'd
have been like 20-something um but like
isn't it like almost like the the
Linkletter movie slacker we're just sort
of like shows a little vignette and then
kind of like the camera moves away to
another scenario yeah
doesn't it kind of do that oh ya know
like they they're all like connected
some yeah yeah yeah that's not a four is
it strips are not a something that can
translate well to DV no they're very uh
very mr. show yeah yeah no mr. show
where all the sketches kind of have have
an outro and sort of connects those in
the world than a jet Dilbert is a far
easier comic strip to make into a
cartoon than the far side oh god yeah
Dilbert has characters and some form of
continuity yeah oh that's just an office
comedy right yeah yeah our star side is
whatever there's an empire and Ament
ology stuff yeah there's a tree that
leans into absurdism so it's like yes
yes what if worms had to go to work god
I've not thought about that TV special I
wonder if it's on YouTube it probably is
I'd assume somebody had to videotape
that I assume it's somewhere oh man I
want to look that up now just to see how
weird it I'm yeah well I haven't seen it
since it originally aired i Tate I know
I taped it but I never watched it and I
think you know I probably ended up
taping over it or something oh yeah and
I guess it for those of you who don't
know for the far side comic it's a one
panel comic yeah it's not you know the
standard three or four panels or
whatever it's one image with one joke
yes not a story it's an idea most of
them involve like anthem from
morphic cows weird fat little he doesn't
still do what does dogs say to each
other he might be dead is he dead
I have no idea Ivan I honestly haven't
thought about the far side really a
while ago he said UPS because he was
just flat-out
out of ideas this type of it that's not
surprising
oh yeah
anonymous says I recently watched
re-animator for the first time and that
definitely uses horror in a comedic way
oh no yes
that's after Evil Dead though isn't it
evil did too oh god damn it I just run
it reanimate er let's write her on the
same time I mean look it up look that up
I love both movies reanimate errs 85
okay
evil ed 2 is Oh a t7 okay oh okay all
right fair enough
were they were they a penny anime anime
there's a lot more broad though evil dad
like evil that too kind of like it still
looks like a horror movie
yeah the humour is I don't want to call
it dry but it's not as like goofy as
reanimate err but that's still that's
definitely an example of a movie that
uses the tour elements for comedic
purposes Yeah right around the same time
interesting interesting doubled to Deus
nope how about anonymous says James
Whale director Frankenstein
does not get enough credit for first
mixing comedy and horror the old dark
house Bride of Frankenstein and the
Invisible Man were decades ahead of
their time I don't remember any of those
movies really well Bride of Frankenstein
is great yeah I never really think of it
as comedic I mean I guess there's funny
parts to it I don't think of it as
comedic in the same way as something
like Evil Dead 2 or or uh a reanimate er
yeah wait did a boss pop up Oh someone
had there was a big health bar for a
boss
can you see it no
Molduga
oh that's around here somewhere then
yeah it just
popped up for a little bit so you're
close so now a double to do says it
would be interesting to do a review on
the twilight zone movie I bet scene if I
lights on movie will be a depressing one
to talk about oh that's right you guys
mentioned that all the time that is yeah
well no we could talk about it just as a
movie yeah and ignored you know the
drama behind the scenes of it but but
then the comments at night mare if the
only way you could do that as a review
is if you disabled comment because every
single fucking comment would be will
widen you guys those weather accident I
don't I don't I don't think you could
talk about that movie without talking
about that accident yeah but that might
be which is unfortunate because there's
good segments in that movie mm-hmm
interesting Joe Dante segment is great I
hate the Steven Spielberg segment
student number that's where the old
folks only internal virtual yeah it
feels so at a blur it's like why is this
you only have forced tales in this movie
why are you using this one Spielberg
does whatever you want but the John
Lithgow you know the the on the plane
segment there's something on the wing
that's great that's George Miller oh I
don't know George Miller doesn't that's
George Miller yeah
all right Jake a blunt man says fellas
curious to know what area of pop culture
or general knowledge would you like to
know more about if you could magically
switch your knowledge of something to
the other thing what so imagine you you
know a whole bunch about Star Trek try
to try to imagine that rich hey but now
if you traded your knowledge of Star
Trek for knowledge of another pop
culture why would I want to do that with
you but I have knowledge of something
it's obviously something I'm interested
because that's the game rich that's
that's my hang-up too though is like if
I really wanted to know more about
something I would learn more about it
yeah okay well as a weird do I read I
know more about Doctor Who well no
really all right well there you go
turtle though you were there getting
that but it's a weird theoretical that I
can't really wrap my brain around hmm
Wow oh my gosh tremor it's a graboid
it's a graboid oh yeah those graboids
are great
let's see turtle Wyatt says how many
more new key tapes do you need out of
morbid curiosity and have you seen the
void yet I have not seen the void yet
and we need exactly three more new keys
hold on
Oh Jack's counting them
okay you're right three three three
three week for safety sake like you know
we need three for safety if we had four
you want a buffer yeah it would be nice
all right like so like a few more a few
more basically ah
Nathan K noob says hey guys I just
joined the stream so not sure if you've
mentioned the movie split will there be
a half in the bag before did you guys do
a half a bag for split we did not do I
have in the bag for split or perhaps a
review of unbreakable just curious ooh
that's not bad that's not bad at all
that's not unbreakable fuck yeah now
split was one we were working on other
stuff at the time and which so we just
didn't end up doing a half on the bag on
it sure that's funny because we did we
mentioned it in I think it was our get
out episode we mentioned split and I
mentioned how we didn't do it and Mike
made a joke where he's like well you
wanted to talk about split and I didn't
want to talk about split so you could
say that we were indecisive like the
joke being that he's gonna say we were
split that's it and people were like why
didn't Mike want to talk about it or
it's like they didn't realize that was
the job why are people dumb is there a
reason that people are dumb yeah oh shit
lack of trying I guess what I think it's
pretty easy to be done but I think so oh
yeah oh you know something I've seen in
the chat did you see silence yes I just
watched silence recently this is a new
Martin Scorsese on Scorsese movie it's
very very good okay
I don't think it's great um I think it's
too long because it's the central like
conflict of the movie it gets kind of
repetitive after a while okay okay I got
it
but it's really really good I mean it's
just beautifully shot Andrew Garfield's
is great in it oh you Neeson's great in
it
how do you deal with looking
that awful beard that Garfield that's my
oh it's a period piece that's my number
one hang-up is I can't look at that
awful beard yeah I don't care if it's
accurate it was harder to look at is uh
what's-his-face Adam driver yeah it's
just a weird looking man haha well he
lost a bunch of weight for that movie
and he's like Oh his scrawny guy yeah so
he's sort of uncomfortable to look at it
certain parts of the movie purposefully
so or yo yeah yeah okay well I mean
purposeful in the sense that he
intentionally lost a bunch of weight for
it
see if a guy who's already skinny
looking like scary skinny mm-hmm and
when you have that long face like his
and it's more like gaunt like it's a
little we're looking time but uh ya know
I really really liked silence oh good
it's just a solid story for us watching
it as like this is a good story
that's so straight so strange just watch
a movie where you're just genuinely
engaged in what's happening and not like
well I liked it but there's this problem
and that front was like no it was a
solid story it was just a little too
long okay for the material yeah I don't
know if I can get over Andrew Garfield's
facial that Martin Scorsese I was
thinking about it while watching it like
is that has there ever been another
filmmaker that has so been so
consistently good in the Bell that was
dumb hit him in the belly fortunately
had a fairy oh sorry
so filmmaker that's been so consistently
good for so long other than Martin
Scorsese wasn't Martin Scorsese he is
now I mean he's made some movies that
are merely good like that's the low
point for Scorsese is merely good sure
um but he's never faltered
he's just consistently made great movies
for like okay I'd want to say Spielberg
well and he did Kingdom of the Crystal
Skull came in the Crystal Skull 1941
early on he was making bad movies
no no scores uh Spielberg's head is his
bad movie he's bad news an what hook I
feel like people that like in 42 1941
yeah 41 by I mentioned that one yeah and
I've never seen 1941 it's that's movies
a dumpster fire well and it sucks cuz
there's so many great people in that way
I love John Belushi and he's in it and
uh it's just a bad bad movie watching
money burn on the screen they're saying
the people are saying Hitchcock how long
was he eat making movies he's making
movies for decades but some of his later
movies are not particularly good okay no
that's fair but that's a that's a that's
a good one and see at jad i know you
want to say tarantino but he just
doesn't have the body of work that that
is for a long time now yeah but not as
long as scorsese well and and he tends
to like pace himself out more they'll be
like years between a Tarantino movie but
that's true he has not made a bad movie
yet yeah so some people might argue
death Proof but but even that's not that
bad and the people who would argue that
only saw the DVD code of death proof
yeah death Proof was really made to be
seen as a part of the grindhouse yes
perience
and the theatrical cut in the grindhouse
experience is far superior and i don't
think it's available on the DVD there is
a blu-ray now of just grindhouse for a
while there wasn't oh okay good for a
long time there you can only buy the
movies individually and they were like
the directors cuts or whatever yeah but
there is a blu-ray of the the whole but
it doesn't even like you can't watch
that it like the whole idea was seen it
in the theater like that was the
experience sure and it was great and it
was really disheartening to see in the
theater and after Rodriguez's movie to
see people get up and leave because they
didn't understand what the fuck they
were there to see really they did not
realize that it was a double feature
that's crazy I saw that movie three
times in the theater grindhouse
yeah and I saw the first showing that
didn't happen at because I saw it at the
Oriental which is like a good theater
people that know movies that's where I
saw it yeah but on the other two times I
just saw it at a regular movie theater
and bolt
times people left after the first movie
because they thought that was a because
they did not understand what they were
there for and it's so depressing I sure
like I saw it in the theater and just
fucking loved it death proved more so
than then Planet Terror any plan tears
was good but I feel like Planet Terror
more uh just because it's it's it's
stupider yeah Tarantino well it's it's
it's Tarantino is doing something
different he was doing his Tarantino
thing where he's transforming you know
he's not embracing making a b-movie he's
taking the tropes or taking the ideas
and elevating it into its own thing oh
yeah
which is a bit of after how like goofy
plant terror is is a bit of a downer
after that well but it but you know what
it would work better play if death
through plate first well I was saying no
that's why it works cuz you get the the
cheesy b-movie first and then you get
death proof yeah Italy at least the
ending of death proof leaves you on a
high note yeah like I Oh God that was
probably the hardest one of the hardest
times I've ever laughed in the theater
is the first time seeing the ending of
death Proof and realizing that's the end
nope I was so great but like I remember
seeing the theater and like loving it
and you know came out on DVD oh oh it's
just a that's fine I guess I'll just
watch death through putting to put it in
for a group of people who haven't seen
it yet you guys are gonna love this and
then they added like 20 minutes yeah
what and it's boring 20 minutes not good
it was not supposed to be there right
and it felt like a different movie yeah
in a bad way yeah without like the fake
trailers and the ads and stuff it's a
different experience I'm watching it
like I have the blu-ray of it but it's
not the same watching it as home at home
like that was meant to be seen in the
theater that was a whole idea yeah but
then nobody saw it and it flopped Oh
Kurt Russell was so right oh yeah yeah
he's awesome of that moving mm-hmm
all right hey anonymous hey you guys
this is a question for Jack and Jay what
video and audio codecs and containers do
you use for editing in production that's
when I would have gotten to it
sorry so you know unclick your stopwatch
uh wee-wees ProRes do you ever mess
around with ProRes LT first light no
okay I have not they like I've been
meaning to do a comparison they say
quality wise you don't really lose
anything but you'll like shave like a
significant amount of gigs okay uh I
have not I have not messed with it
either what my see will go I seal left
me Jack I think he died I think you're
sealed I did I'm sorry I'm sorry to say
that I read yeah I don't know where the
great fairy fountain is Jack you gotta
keep looking and keep searching
no no but yeah just it's just all ProRes
because because it works and it
consistently works yeah and I know I
don't know we don't have anything more
fun to talk about I know a lot of people
will like use ProRes for the good stuff
but then also make a secondary really
low impact version that you can add to
edit with and set proxies to your high
quality footage sure but I like that
like that so I'm sorry we don't use
anything fun and I just export using the
the pre DePriest the YouTube 1080p
preset yeah so I don't even know what
codecs that uses besides H 0.26 for
right and which which is what the
fucking everybody uses and yeah I think
they're working on there's an there's
another there's another rapper that
YouTube is slowly is slowly rolling out
that it's supposed to be much better
compression so like a much smaller file
that doesn't lose any quality oh yeah
but it's not available everywhere yet
like YouTube is still testing out the
system okay I'm really excited to see
where that
because obviously smaller files playback
better and less fucking hard drive space
now that we've added the third camera
which I love
I can't imagine I've ever edited with
two just two cameras now that I've had a
three-games but you know you got three
cameras and you talked for an hour and a
half you convert to pro res than each of
them are 20 gigs yeah goodbye hard
drives they can think about all the best
of the worst footage oh Jesus Christ
yep oh that's why I wondered if you like
so do you even do you even transcode the
couch footage to pro res no okay that
you keep it raw yeah yeah that would
make sense because it looks grainy and
crappy anyway exactly so yeah I would
imagine you would keep then keep it raw
keep it raw dog oh that's a web web pee
is that the new one web pee web pee or H
h.265 they're working they're working on
new codecs and unfortunately they're not
rolling them out fast enough and it
doesn't really matter cuz everyone's
getting superfast internet anyway no I'm
reading the chat yeah
and I'm thinking we really need to
release a rich Evans quote book oh yeah
I think we feel like we talked about
that at one point did we ever talk about
that I feel like it came up at least
portable rich Evans may have well the
first awakens it's not I'm not sweating
about 20 gigs being lost it's 20 gigs
per camera angle so the gist just for
the discussion then you have 60 gigs
gone then remember I'm recording 20
hours of gameplay footage which I
usually record at 720p and enlarge later
just to save on file size but then
there's another sixty to a hundred gigs
and just gameplay footage even though
I'm only going to use a minute and a
half
got a record at all in case I need that
one thing and then I never want to
delete anything I've been looking I've
been looking at raid enclosures for four
backups we can get like 20 terabytes oh
yeah yeah but they're complicated and
expensive ma'am
so just fuck it fuck it all
oz Baxter says evening guys have any of
you seen the nice guys with Kurt Russell
and Ryan Gosling race our problem
favorite 2016 when you can Jack watch
Logan first lol peace I know we talked
about nice guys on a half in the bag I'm
sure I'd love it or 2016 oh yeah you
still haven't watched it still haven't
won pretty great and I love Shane black
Ryan Gosling is hilarious and I love
buddy cop movies and I know I'm gonna
love it
you know shame blacks making a new
predator movie yeah do that
shit yeah I do that's that's something
to get excited about right there Shane
black makes good movies
Shane black makes good have I ever told
you guys about a little movie called
Iron Man 3 and how is a perfect fucking
action movie good and he's wrong Jack
you're wrong Mandarin you're wrong too
if they fucked up the Mandarin oh my god
oh my god I don't understand Lee the
dislike for Iron Man 3 I don't get it
rich she's presenting wait you don't
understand the what the dislike for Iron
Man 3 other outside cuz are people that
I think even beyond just the Mandarin
then don't like it I don't get it
oh no I got I can't even teleport back
here oh no what does she need like you
need to at least activate the panel
before you can right yeah yeah but what
does she need a noble pursuit a drink oh
sorry yeah like I think part of that was
comic book fatigue I think like starting
to set in just like general Marvel
backlash because that was the first one
after the Avengers wasn't
yeah that makes sense I don't remember
the order of any of this crap but yes
that was the first one after the
Avengers okay which again adds to why
it's a perfect fucking action movie
because the plot revolves around him
having to deal with the aftermath of the
Avengers ah but so I think that was just
some fatigue kicking in and yeah then
they messed up the backstory but those
people are idiot for I'm sure not
everybody is upset about the Mandarin no
electrified I know if I didn't like that
movie and I weren't upset about the
Mandarin you would be pissing me off so
hard right why blow up all your seats
when they protect me because that was
his gesture of love to pepper also was
the the theme of the movie the theme of
the story the story of the movie is that
the suit is no longer what makes him a
hero was his cocoon he's become a
genuinely good person he doesn't he
doesn't need the suits yes if Thanos
invades Manhattan he would probably want
the suits
I'm sorry perspective of this particular
movie yes the at the start of the movie
if you remember he has a little panic
attack and goes inside of his suit
because of his panic attack he he feels
he needs the suit to be a superhero this
could take away then there's action
sequences in which he is an action hero
without the suits using his smarts
because he's also a genius bill you know
billionaire playboy philanthropist so
the entire course of the movie that is
shown through action sequences shows us
that he doesn't need the suits to be a
hero and and at the end we get a visual
representation of that as these suits
are literally ripped off of him by the
bad guy proving that he doesn't need the
suits sis imperfect action it's it's
like the perfect action movie that also
has a little story to tell that doesn't
get in the way
of the action but see this is this is
why I call it a perfect action we like
musicals right be with me it's gonna
take a while to get around a musical oh
no I know the the reason PE song in a
musical should propel the story forward
or uh give us information on the
character yes right exactly every song
and musical either if you can take a
musical number out of a movie
a musical movie if you take it out and
has no effect on anything then it's bad
exactly the Iron Man 3 which is not the
name of the movie it's just irony I hear
ya I had the Iron Man 3
every action sequence either gives us
information about the characters current
state of being or propels the story
forward it's a perfect action movie yeah
Thank You J ayfor helping me get there a
little faster cuz I I would you know I
could tell where you were going I knew
you're gonna take too long to explain it
so I thought I'll jump in and thank you
it also has in supporting roles both
both William Sadler and Miguel Ferrer
William Sadler is the president there
you go and Miguel Miguel Ferrer who
passed away recently ah that's right
yeah he died recently
Oh blank check is he in blank check of
course it's blank I've never seen blank
check he's in every that sapphir gotten
90's movie oh man I love this shit out
of blank check
oh right where hey guys says JK blunt
man um hey guys I love you listen yep
have you ever thought about a lenka
Basinski only special edition best of
the worst and then we only watch his
movies your editing skills we've already
seen yeah we've seen movies yes I
haven't seen his newest newest one yes
yeah but that's not full-length Cabazon
ski episode right yeah yeah and at this
point we know um it would just be weird
dan well I mean the first movie we did
of his we did like basically a full
retrospective of all of his movies right
talked about all of them that had been
made up until that point so yeah and it
would be weird at this point cuz like he
could call us
what the fuck guys now and now he just
knows us and so yeah what the fuck well
he knows what we think of his move oh it
doesn't matter but but also Len would be
so cool he really hey guys I saw there
so I was really great yeah which would
be weird uh ox Baxter says meant to ask
him my last tip have you ever watched
any Doctor Who I'm 44 been watching it
since I was a kid in the late 70s
curious if it's something you guys would
enjoy thanks I the the reboot I want to
say it happened 2012 ish the the the new
Doctor Who up until recently I really
really fucking loved some amazing sci-fi
fantasy stuff Eccleston was my favorite
doctor blink is a fantastic if you can
only watch one Doctor Who episode watch
a blink I oh gosh I go ahead finish and
you should fall in love with it it's
it's fantastic I only have the vaguest
recollections of like the classic Doctor
Who's yeah the non reboot doctor who's
airing on PBS when I was very very young
they stare that on channel 11 and I
couldn't tell you much about that cuz if
she's too damn young I tried watching
the reboot with them once it was his
face that was the first one that cousin
got all of his Eccleston excellent I
could not get into it I could not get I
tried like I watched the pilot and some
soup about mannequins of a stupid
garbage mannequin signal the earth what
very confusing stupid garbage no yeah
you'd better you better get it
definitely it's better I continually
could not get into it I try honestly
tried i watch like eight of them yeah
yeah alright that's and that's fair cuz
like for me the first episode is called
rose and it is a hot stinking pile of
garbage it's the worst then after that
it slowly gets better and I found like
it found its rhythm and and Eccleston
was great and
then david tennant takes over who's the
doctor that everyone loves and it just
gets phenomenal so this all i got but
then later on right around the time that
the Angels Take Manhattan if you are a
fan of Doctor Who you know what I'm
talking about
in which the Statue of Liberty comes a
light comes to life and kills people but
it just got a little too silly for me
that just tiny bit to cilium I turn the
Statue of Liberty into a murderer right
but also didn't make sense in the
universe because the Angels were one of
the one of the greatest villains of
Doctor Who are a creature that can only
move if you're not looking at it and so
if you keep somebody not looking at the
Statue of Liberty that's the problem yet
the Statue of Liberty was able to move
so it's and it took this wonderful
creepy enemy and then the way they
edited these episodes with angels were
it was terrifying it's great uh and then
they just turned him into a joke turn
him into a goddamn joke uh and I've
never seen any episode of any version of
Doctor Who ever yeah that's fine you're
not a sci-fi person usually yeah some
yeah if you're if you're hurting for
something watch blink and it'll sell you
on the whole series knee bleed he says
you guys were Saul X the dark zone
pretty much just the pilot one of his
called tales from a parallel universe
and I loved it Wow
I think I saw a little bit of the show
just a little bit and I wasn't getting
into it for whatever reason okay the
master 2 1 mm is evening you fuckers
first time tipper longtime viewer two
questions Jay have you ever gotten
around to seeing the wailing yet I have
not that's one that it's it's
intimidating because of the length
how long is they think it's like two and
a half hours or something that's long
which is it's an investment you know
like I don't know especially when you're
like at home and you're looking at stuff
like
- scrolling through what's available
just like oh fuck
I watched silence and that's like three
hours long but that's also Martin
Scorsese um so no I have not watched the
wailing yet it looks really good but
it's almost completely because of the
length where I'm just not in the mood to
sit down and invest that kind of time
I'm sure I'll get around to it
eventually
alright and would you guys consider
playing Bulletstorm
it's a first-person shooters I would
consider it looks like a lot of fun
yes definitely rickets 47 says I'm going
to marathon watch all the movies you
guys have watched on best of the worst
wish me luck
you're gonna die marathon you're gonna
do your god debt no fun if you value
your life don't do it if you value your
sanity I beg you to reconsider we could
barely do it it wasn't a marathon at the
end of watching three yeah threes enough
threes enough let's see here Charlotte
um three says hey guys just got out of a
meeting with my filmmaking group we were
brainstorming short ideas when the
meeting broke down over the use of an
Anne Frank joke do you think people are
too sick yes I don't know it's still too
soon for Anne Frank jokes as far as I'm
concerned it's too soon what you should
do is like keep some sort of personal
notebook of Anne Frank jokes hold on
maybe every night every night write a
new Anne Frank joke date them
appropriately and maybe someone will
find him later no topic
oh sorry did I not let those that was a
Dan Frank Joe talking about Anne Frank
shows she's well known for keeping a
diary yeah I was talking about keeping
it it's not my keeping a diary of anne
right yes yes that you could save for
later no I got it I mean you know rich
wasn't paying attention fully and I was
hoping like get it I guess I was hoping
you would get it as a and Frank joke but
inside go ahead I know
I'm ready going this is important to me
there's no topic of when it comes to
humor no topic is off-limits right
nothing is taboo there's nothing that is
off-limits providing you can be funny
right yeah so by the way is it possible
you just weren't funny yeah maybe you
just had a bad and Frank joke which is
hard to believe but you know just put
that out there but there is no topic in
my opinion that you cannot make a joke
about sure unless of course you just
need to be a better comedian you do one
you need to be better from you also like
perhaps someone has specifically said
hey let's not make this joke because
it's sensitive to me and then like
that's just being a good friend like
listen listen to your friends but like
in general to a group to a general group
of people no joke is off limit as long
as it's funny it's it's it's all
dependent on the context and the
execution this is huge maze I don't know
that I have the time or patience to
figure this one out is here listen I'm
not saying my ang a frank joke was funny
the joke Diary of Anne Frank jokes
that's pretty funny the Diary of Anne
Frank joke more importantly it was just
like the fact that I was making a joke
about Anne Frank while we were gonna
discuss and Frank jokes it was a whole
meta-narrative knowledge eyes that's all
I can do I can only now you're
explaining the joke and there's nothing
less funny than explaining a joke that
this is where I'm going is nothing that
kills a joke more than explaining a joke
well now hopefully now my joke is just
that's like the guy on YouTube that
takes our nerd crew videos and intercuts
it with like actual lie right right like
podcaster stuff right like you're just
explaining the joke I did people not get
that that's what you were doing man I
don't know no now now more so I'm just
joking about Rich's inability to listen
that's what I'm doing Enix
over-explaining my Anne Frank just make
sure I hammer home that rich is not a
good yes and ER
but I'm not a classically trained improv
comedian I know rich I know and and
that's why I like to make fun of you
over and over it's all I got that's the
only thing I have over you Jay says Linda
was taken if you haven't seen it here's
a link to waxworks babba Duke release
it's pretty awesome
oh I think I've seen pictures of that
they're making a statue no waxworks is a
record label if that's what they're
talking about
assuming it is oh sure I thought it was
like maddham maddham true soz babba Duke
wax the wax babba Duke statue it would
not surprise me or maybe like a doll
like a little what you ever see those
intricate figures figurines
there are labyrinths within labyrinths
but I'm not gonna do this tonight
too much David in Oh people says I love
physical media especially blu-ray
streaming technology doesn't have the
same quality as physical blu-ray also
rich what is true can I have your comics
if I pay for shipping every a lot there
are a lot of them I would love to see
and and we're getting a little bit of it
I'd love to see digital media give us
the extras the commentary of the outtake
they're starting to do that it's it's
starting to become more ubiquitous but
still not all the time
no there's some I probably wouldn't want
to get rid of you can't yeah some I'd
want to keep it's all or nothing rich
well then no okay good great all right
Jay nope
I'm flying since Key says I've been
showing my little brother Lord of the
Rings and he loves them review for Lord
of the Rings see that's a weird one
because I don't think of that as being
an older movie but at this point it kind
of is yeah and I love those movies
but they still feel so like current and
they're really not anymore
yeah because time moves differently when
you get older Jay yeah I guess eventually
maybe well I mean well we'll eventually
we'll just talk about every other movie
yeah so I had will happen Jay what's your
favorite couple from lost mine is
Desmond and Penny I don't care about
lost anymore
great what loss to me is like Mass
Effect is too rich I just don't care
kill it the end they ruin it yeah oh
sorry
see how did you not see that ending
coming it seemed like they had no idea
what they're doing
I you know everything I've heard yeah I
I kept the faith it felt like they they
were very good bullshit artists they
felt like it felt like they knew what
they were doing and they were actually
going somewhere with it
hmm but it was all bullshit though they
focused on the characters that's
bullshit though what if it was all about
the characters don't introduce all this
mystery shit to begin with if mystery
shit was pepper for the kid yeah we
don't have any answers for this it was
all about the characters oh wow this is
how I feel about why the last man by the
way about what why the last man I don't
know what that is okay this comic book
series okay
best first issue of any kind of book
ever yeah every mammal with a wide
chromazone on earth just ups and dies
okay except for one guy and his pet
monkey one kid does pet buggy and you
wonder why the fuck did all the guys die
and it's never answered oh we have a
great premise but we have no idea what
to do with it after that no the closest
thing they have to an answer is some
jerk has a new agey theory that he's
pulling out of his ass no no bullshit
Lana was taken Jay did you make the same
horrible mistake I did when you first
read David Gordon Green was remaking
Halloween and misread it as David David
Robert Mitchell no I didn't know I've
never been so excited than totally
bummed I did not make that mistake and
I'm sorry for you yeah
although honestly I think David Gordon
Green is an interesting choice
it's an outside-the-box choice which is
what I think these type of reboots need
because I'm sure uh he'd the other guy
mentions director of it follows okay and
it follows this very like visually looks
a lot like Halloween like I'm sure you
would make a very fine Halloween movie
that would look like a Halloween movie
but if you're gonna reboot these things
do something different with it give it a
shot yeah so David Gordon Green is such
a fuckin weird choice that I approve
what has David Gordon Green done David
Gordon Green started doing these
independent dramas these movies like
George Washington and things like that
and then he moved on to doing the big
studio stoner comedies like pineapple
Express oh and your highness what and so
him and uh Danny McBride are writing the
new Halloween and Dave Gore means direct
ena indirect that's a weird fucking
choice very weird when they were talking
about the new Halloween movie that like
the the people are getting talked about
or like uh what's his name Mike Flanagan
who directed some movies that are kind
of similar visually to something like
like Halloween so they just went with
someone completely random that is at the
very least going to do something
different with it hopefully because I
don't want to see someone just make a
movie that looks and feels exactly like
Halloween yeah I'll just watch Halloween
go under the shrine there is no under
the shrine there is there's there's no
under the shrine which go under the
bridge go under the shrine well if you
go in it I guess you're going under it
okay yep hey guys says curb your Skyrim
c4 loved rlm since TPM review first came
out The Phantom Menace I assume you guys
are awesome question for all three but
mostly Jay since we know he's the one
who collects vinyls three favorite movie
scores Oh movie scores not soundtracks
right but score
favorites scores of all-time oh my god
that's a lot of pressure or just three
good ones that you can think of we've
already talked about Tran
fan oh yeah I love this gorgeous Tron
Legacy yeah um I love Escape from New
York
I love neon demons score is really great
mm-hmm I'd like to mention a score that
I think doesn't get as much love
nowadays which is the mark mothersbaugh
score for the royal Tenenbaum oh yeah
that's a great score great score like
they have a fun soundtrack too but his
original music is really really good
yeah a really amazing for the the long
shot at the end after everything goes
chaotic at the wedding where it's just
going from like one character to the
next and then you see like you know the
they have a new dog and that whole
sequence and then it ends on royal
Tenenbaum and Ben Stiller and he's like
and Ben Stiller's like I've had a rough
year and like that the music that plays
during that whole sequence is so
wonderful oh yeah all the stuff like
Light Orchestra cuca orchestral stuff
great yeah light strings beautiful
beautiful stuff yeah I mean it's Mark
Mothersbaugh he's great he's great
whatever it is I'm gonna give a shout
out to Beetlejuice as well the score to
Beal deuce the main theme that plays
over the opening credits of Betelgeuse
is like the perfect way to set up the
tone of that movie hmm that Danny Elfman
back when his scores were really
distinct did he become Danny Elfman like
like a like timbre Tron kinda yeah Danny
elf Tron yeah Oh cuz there's nothing
like I'll see a movie and it'll be like
score by Danny Elfman I was like oh he
did that like there's no that you can't
tell anymore sure some of those early
especially the Tim Burton movie Z did
but Beetlejuice especially like I love
the skirt of beetlejuice all right
analysis Jay what do you think about The
Clash of the Titans um do you think
Harry house and actually thought of the
bird before r2d2 was created oh god I
need to think about that I don't know I
don't know as much of a connection it's
just a robot bird why would you robot
word a fantasy movie that beeps does it
beep I don't see any scene that movie
Kollek antenna beeps okay so he's an RTD
to rebuff totally that was quite a
ripoff is it as a bird but inspired
inspired by spied by Star Wars droids
okay I I'm not seeing Clash the Titan
since I was a kid so I don't know I just
remember being really creeped out by
Medusa in that movie mmm
yeah right there is no one to the shrine
dude you thinking about the other
labyrinth where you go under and get the
diamond thing yeah near as I could tell
there is no under the shrine here I
tried captain blue 42 says so someone
who has recently seen a Brack sis as
someone who's really seen Abraxas I
really want you guys to do it best of
the worst with that also the guy asking
for you to do a best of the worst for
the Pauly Shore was Pauly Shore that
made the earlier polish or comment funny
yeah
Abraxas starring Jesse Ventura exes has
been on the cusp of being the best of
the worst movie several times now I
think I'm the only one that seen it
before but it needs to end up on best of
the worst eventually okay well you heard
of your first folks maybe maybe if we
don't get to it before I do my selection
series episode I'll put Abraxas on there
oh there you go there you go
Anonymous's Jack you must know more
about Helia tota tequila tequila search
Tia tequila FB Nazi it's one of the most
fascinating meltdowns you'll see why do
people say things she announced her
controversial alien racial theories on
Hitler's Bert what oh so she says crazy
things to try and keep getting attention
she's an attention starved odd former
kind of 15 minutes of fame celebrity oh
that's a shock oh if I say controversial
things about Hitler people still talk
about me tension to me yeah I haven't
looked into lissa I don't always talk
about but that's what it sounds like I'm
gonna say that's exactly what it sounds
yeah don't give her attention
because she's yeah for what you do cares
what crazy things she says just ignore
just come on guys we're better we're
better than we can do better than this
we can we can be better death metal six
one six Jay have you ever listened to
scan droid my favorite synth wave
artists scan droid scan troy'd I will
add them to the list I have of whatever
that other thing was Black Mountain
transmitter but the wound I scan droid
yeah alright alright a super Scotsman
says have you ever thought about doing a
top 20 b-movie list for best of the B I
just watched toxic Avengers yesterday
and thought it was amazing I want to
know other B movies you would recommend
list chill Jay list geo now under lists
show no list show great I'm sure we'll
get to some of these movies on review at
some point we can do B movies on review
as long as they're good we thought I
thought review could just talk about
whatever you wanted exactly yeah it's so
funny every review there's always
comments like there's no I saw it on
your demolition man one cuz rich had
critical things to say about demolition
man yeah there's always the comments
that we're like I thought review is just
for movies they loved even though the
first the very beginning of the first
episode we say that that's not the case
any time we do a movie where it like we
did Independence Day yeah well this is
only for movies that they love no just
because I criticize aspects of
demolition man does not mean I hate the
movie no how many times did I say that
was like one of my favorite science
fiction premises ever yeah you had very
positive things doesn't matter you have
negative things to say and review is
apparently has been decided by other
people that it's only for movies that we
can gush over and not say anything else
about other than that it's great yeah
somebody decided that somebody decided
somebody or doesn't what you know
decided yeah now reuse for whatever we
want to talk about as long as there's
something to say I don't know how this
puzzle works oh it's a diamond inside a
diamond so drop it like right turn
around thinking like right there
probably needs to be a little bit closer
a little bit tighter diamond yeah good
yeah Mangum
all right anonymous says hey guys I'm
new to stream who are these two
okay shadow a lead five says don't you
guys ever talk crap about DC movies
don't you guys ever talk crap about DC
movies Batman vs Superman was a great
film the new Justice League looks too
intelligent and Zack Snyder knows what
he's doing just fucking with you these
moves are crap yeah yeah we do all time
oh this time lupus thank you for your
time I appreciate the tip we're like I
get was I put jacket is so mu y axis
sourpuss the one before that put me in a
sour mood the one that I decided not to
read okay and you know we've had too
much fun talking about good movies
tonight to me start thinking about
Batman vs Superman
this episode is I'd love a best of best
of the worst starring Freddie Williams
Colin Jim max Landis and lenka Basinski
it's almost impossible to make happen
but still could you imagine that like a
guest only best of the worst a guest of
the worst would that work that would not
work I have it would not work it would
have to be like an April Fool's Day
video there's one there's no way we
could logistically get them here all at
the same time right yeah they're
different countries spread out
throughout America so we'd have to find
a way to film it in such a way we're
like I will film Colin oh yeah could be
fun
could be fun Daniel from SLS I'd love
you guys I normally don't buy Zelda
games but after your review I
immediately bought it I immediately
bought it my PC here's a protip when you
get to higher levels get the pyrite it's
alright with me
okay siren what about the PC I don't
know man I think he bought it for his PC
which I don't think you can do unless
those emulators are up and running but I
don't know well then he didn't buy it PC
oh snap then you stole it for your PC
Jack needs new glasses I know I'm just
it's getting late and I'm getting tired
so my eyes are tired and no idea where
this other focus to myself I've rode my
bicycle here I know I ride my bike back
I know I got a thing about wrap it up I
understand that's that's the other part
of riding you but cuz it's the weather
was so nice I rode my bike here felt
great I understand but I do not know I
have to ride my bike back home well we
told you huh we told you no I mean I
knew I had to bribe my bike back home
but now I'm thinking about him that's
gonna suck but you know what it's gonna
be fine you were you were forward
forward yes you were forward Jack I was
forward you were four worm please all
the work other sites but it's just four
worm just four of them Jay tired and sad
says we would touch on this little
earlier what are you thoughts on
Prometheus five years since your review
um I mean I haven't revisited it but I
think I saw it once after we did it for
the show what about all those Prometheus
sequels well they're not they're not
Prometheus equals they're alien prequels
well what about all them they making
them doing them is the new alien
covenant is that is that a prequel it's
a sequel to Prometheus and a prequel to
alien oh Jesus that's where we rock yeah
it's both like I'll stand by pins is a
alien covenant is uh oh no one liked
Prometheus I need to make something
that's more directly alien related
that's exactly what they need to have
alien in the time yeah these have alien
in the title no is he gonna invalidate
the alien queen in the movie is he I
mean I would doubt he'll invalidate it
no he uh he'll try and have it
be within continuity but we won't get to
the alien queen until the the third or
fourth new alien movie that he makes or
covenant will just be all alien Queens
because fuck it man is old he might die
at any time he may need to get it out of
a system for me this has one of the best
horror sequences in recent memory the
c-section the c-section right is fucking
amazing it's really really good I mean
there's lots of good stuff in the movie
like visually it looks fantastic yeah
but that c-section is also the exact
point that the movie stops being at
least arguably good yeah after that well
there's characters making stupid
decisions earlier in the movie the mad
but it's like yeah whatever I can I can
forgive that yeah yeah yeah yeah I agree
so I don't know I haven't rewatched it
maybe already watch it before we do
alien covenant
we'll see hmm oh wow oh that's a fancy
one that's a fancy one um let's see
here's what I'll say it for prometheus
as opposed to alien covenant at least
Prometheus look was trying to do
something slightly different alien
covenant looks like it's alien again
yeah yeah okay that's it that's all I
got that's fair that's fair
ji Schatz says hey guys glad to make the
stream wondered if you have any plans to
attend conventions in the future
miraculously I got tickets to the San
Diego Comic Con this year a pre our PR
booth would be great
nope no there's not a lot of time for
that enrich doesn't like flying yes I
hated I hated so much it's amazing how
much I hate flying
we did some conventions early on it
wasn't her thing that's that there you
go
no thank you tired and sad says do you
guys feel Zack Snyder has been secretly
working for Marvel
how can one director fuck up I made that
Jerry lay area like what four weeks ago
my not fine jokes fine joke now you're
fuckin stealin it look on our stream
yeah
the joke you made up on stream they're
taking on their own on stream the joke
was that Zack Snyder is secretly working
for Kevin Feige and after he destroys
the DC Cinematic Universe he will get to
make whatever Marvel movie he wants and
it will be really good and it was
hysterical when I came up with a great
bed we had we had a good laugh make it
at which highlight of that so everyone
will know it's ours you could find it if
I can find it Jay have you seen the King
of Comedy by Scorsese oh yeah
that's a great movie feels like that is
one that isn't talked about as much
that's true taxi driver yeah have you
ever seen that that's a bit of Chris
alright no no it's DeNiro and Jerry
Lewis and sander Bernhardt's actually
really really great but I don't know if
I have to know it's it's really good I
haven't watched it in a long time but
yeah then so that's a quality movie
that's a really great DeNiro performance
that no one talks about and I guess it's
a Scorsese movie that not a lot of
people talk about but yeah it's it's
good stuff
well there you go I should re-watch it
yeah I haven't seen in a while I mean
any excuse to watch a Scorsese movie
yeah that and after hours that's another
Scorsese movie that no one ever talks
about starting griffin dunne mm-hmm that
was really good too
a Scorsese he makes the best films
that's why King missle wrote a song
about him Oh kids still true that song
is like 20 years old and it's still true
he tweeted that reason we know that oh
and I just said Oh King missile I miss
you I miss King missile King missile
detachable ping King missile wrote a
song about a detachable penis it's
called detachable piece it's great
have you ever heard their song their
quote unquote song the commercial I
don't know if I have uh when I used to
do a radio at Blois college we would
play try and play the commercial almost
every every episode we did if you're
listening look up the commercial Viking
missile just look up King missile
link-up King missile in general yeah
well though I don't know if I know too
many songs aside from the Martin
Scorsese the commercial and detachable
penis you probably know bitchin Camaro
oh that's right they do bitchin everyone
would you Camaro is the Dead Milkmen oh
is that the dead Miller said nah man I
only got that it's that sounds very much
like the king missile yeah no that's
dead movement oh okay
well shit I I've had that wrong all the
see all these years yeah well shit siren
says as Jay would you consider Logan to
be the best comic book film ever made no
I mean it's a great movie but when I
think of comic movies like I don't know
like finding that balance of like goofy
comic-book superhero II stuff and actual
character stuff I think for me it's
probably still spider-man - oh really -
even yeah but yeah so spider-man - you
go back that far yeah I think so you
know I think I'd agree with you and
finding just the perfect balance of like
you know taking the character seriously
but still being goofy and comic-book II
now Logan like I mean yes it's a comic
book movie but to me that works better
is like a dramatic movie than it does as
a comic book movie you know no
spider-man 2 is also one of the truest
adaptations of spider-man where most of
the movie is just about relationship
drama with Mary Jane yeah and it's just
him getting shit on is just and it's
just him fucking up because he's
spider-man that took this classic
spider-man yeah and it's got some great
Sam Raimi moments yep I really like
spider-man too that's that you know what
Jay, that is an excellent choice I think so
for best comic-book adaptation excellent
choice good villain good and you know
what the the CG and the fight sequences
were pretty pretty all right yeah you
got you got Tobey Maguire who makes
funny faces sometimes it's a little
damper on it but a heck of a movie a
heck of a movie I have not seen any of
the lone wolf and cub films I've only
read yeah people keep comparing Logan to
that right eye that's what I read and I
haven't seen Logan but I get comixology
unlimited which is like a Netflix
subscription to comic books and I
recently read a whole shit ton of lone
wolf and cub and I can tell you it's
probably Logan's probably not like it
okay it was very different than what I
was expecting I was expecting the
professional oh it is not the
professional okay it's dread ah so but I
hear the movies are really good the old
lone wolf and cub movies so we'll see
where are we oh my god you guys stop you
have to stop tipping save it save it for
next time waiting it out says Jay have you
seen talked about Bronson uh oh yeah
Bronson that's a Nicholas wounding
Griffin film Tom Hardy oh did he make
that yeah Oh address I'm Hardy is
fantastic in that movie I remember very
little except for that performance yeah
yeah well that's the movie is
horan scary is out mm-hmm David David in
Oh people of course you don't have to
send all of them Jack making comments
and making me tip again just to clear
things up son of a bitch I'd like to get
into them and not pirate because
physical pages are best David the
conversation is so far gone I don't even
know what you're talking about I'm so
sorry I don't know what you're talking
about
tyrants head said once the DC extended
universe hopefully crashes and burns
with Justice League do you think it will
be rebooted from scratch yes the
question is will it crash and burn at
Justice League or Wonder Woman I think
they're gonna keep hammering their way
through hide only they'll keep plowing
through after Wonder Woman if Wonder
Woman's a big flop they'll be like well
we still got Justice League I think
Justice League will be like even after
that though I don't think they'll reboot
it completely but I think that'll be
like the turning point where they're
like we need to severely change our plan
maybe I don't know the I know they're
Ben Affleck Batman movie like I don't I
just don't think that's ever gonna
happen at this point right and did you
hear that rumor mill last week that Joss
Whedon is in talks to direct aid that's
not a rumor I think that's been
confirmed it's a big good firm I think
so
and see this is where this is where it
can turn well that's where it's like we
need to get someone that can make a
movie that's fun yep and someone who
won't listen to Zack Snyder
yeah because X night er we'll probably
still have some sort of executive
producer credit I don't know it might be
over for Zack Snyder after Justice
League depending on how that does I
don't know what his contract entails
well yeah who knows what it doesn't
matter cuz Joss Whedon won't listen to
him well if it's his boss I'll have to
do a certain extent let me just Whedon
had to answer to people for Avengers 2
that's why he's not making Avengers
movies anymore oh sure but he has the
cause the clout to go around the Zack
Snyder maybe he he made the Avengers the
big
fucking comic-book movie ever yeah but
then he made the Avengers to where he
had to do all sorts of compromises and
cram and all sorts of other shit
oh sure still made money huh mister
still made money so that but that's that
could be what that could be is a soft
universe reset the just waiting back
girl yeah yeah where he does a movie in
his own style that doesn't look like a
Zack Snyder movie I think that's all
it'll take like you can keep using Henry
Cavill as Superman if you want just
don't make miserable nightmare movies
right like Jesus Christ right and then
and then you know I think Justice League
will be a big turning point if that
movie underperforms
which it probably will oh yeah imagine
if DC hired real filmmakers and just let
them make a damn movie instead of
thinking they know how to do it better
yeah you know with what what I'm sure
happened is hired Zack Snyder let him do
whatever the fuck he wants that's that's
why they're in the trouble that they're
in now yeah ooh super zing what I'm sure
happens I got a thing that's just this
is what's going on losing to that
commenter okay I'm sure at one point a
DC executive made something that was a
good call in one of the Nolan Batman
movies right okay as an executive
producer said hey I have an idea for
this let's uh let's hire Heath Ledger as
the Joker and it turned out to be a
really great call and so then that gave
him the confidence to make more calls
for more movies and they just fucked
everything up they made one correct call
the off switch says I can't win with
horror movies the I find the bad ones
insufferable but the good ones make me
feel uneasy for days
the latter is why I'm saying thank you
and fuck you for recommending the witch
it's the best so good so and yeah it
does make you feel uneasy yeah it sticks
with you Jazze genuinely horrifying
imagery mm-hmm and it's fucking great
the Zaius I'm a huge Nintendo fan and
I'll take whatever I can get from you
guys whether it's one to switch or Zelda
keep up the good work
goddamn one to switch going through that
that stream of us playing one two switch
was a nightmare
what an awful game what an awful game
speaking of Zeo not speaking of Zack
Snyder death metal I just wanted to
point out that he got booted from his
position as head of DC Cinematic
Universe right after Batman vs Superman
was slammed by critics Geoff Johns is
now in charge but he still is involved
right I mean obviously directed Justice
League but does he have no creative
input anymore maybe not I I want to say
that he has he had creative input on
Wonder Woman but maybe he that was
before he got canned who directed Wonder
Woman some some broad oh they got a
female director for it you guys can't
see me looking worried I'm gonna say yes
okay what's uh let's look that up really
quick
Wonder Woman Wonder Woman some broad
patty Jenkins who's patty Jenkins done
she directed monster oh really she
directed the killing she directed
Arrested Development Oh interesting
anything else good a couple episodes of
Entourage Oh monster okay that's that's
interesting
some broad patty Jenkins you know as you
say
um well if the other problem is the Zack
Snyder stank is all up in the DC
Universe yeah and like Wonder Woman is
visually getting away from that but
still hasn't really it has the taint it
has the taint of the stank and so you
need a movie that is visually not Zack
Snyder and it's probably not gonna be
Aquaman
well Aquaman is is that James Wan I
think the director of like the conjuring
movies
I thought James Wan was on the flash but
left hooter I think he's on Aquaman let
me look yeah James wants Aquaman okay
the flash is the one where they keep
losing director right I still don't have
a direct that's why I assume it was
James Bond any left wait what if James
Wan do uh James Wan did like the
conjuring movies and the insidious
movies okay um I actually like James Wan
as a filmmaker uh but he I mean
obviously he's making horror movies
where he can make them look like D
saturated and depressing so I no idea
what his Aquaman movies gonna look like
depends on how much input Zack Snyder
head yeah because it Zack Snyder had any
say it's gonna look the same garbage no
and James Wan did the whatever fast in
the Furious movie we did in half in the
bag the only one I've ever seen
oh okay that one I think that one that
one was good that was a fun movie I
remember that one getting high praise
yeah as schlock yeah well shit anonymous
says Firewatch question, plus Jay question
Equals the creators of fire watch
camposanto are selling their soundtrack
on vinyl do you want a copy does the
game's premise sound like a good movie
premise Lynch which game Firewatch no
well the movie oh yeah yeah yeah sorry
makes it make a fire yeah make a fine
was good story I really like the
characters it's the soundtrack is very
country so I don't know if Jay would like
it yeah it's like wilderness II know and
personally I kind of hated the
soundtrack that was one of the first
things I did in the game was turned that
although
way off yeah because it was annoying hmm
you'd be what you'd be walking through
the wilderness and just kind of taking
in the sights and enjoying the
atmosphere and then all of a sudden some
asshole with an acoustic guitar would
start playing some assholes long Wow oh
I hated it so I'm gonna I'm gonna say
don't send it because we probably want
to listen to it but I know they were in
talks to make it a movie and to me it
already exists as a narrative so what's
the point all you would do is cut out a
couple hours which richer might like but
no it's fine tired and sad says Jay what
do you find more shocking Mike's
approval of Jurassic world or his on
ironic love for the work of Renny Harlin
um probably drastic worlds he likes
Jurassic world he liked her a sad world
unacceptable I'm fuckin acceptable yeah
I mean Renny Harlin makes like generic
action schlock like whatever
um but yeah Jurassic world's just not
very good it's not it's not good at all
yeah it's unacceptable that he found any
enjoyment in that go ahead II that's
cool
you found it rich you found the great
fairy fountain if you can get there okay
my turn you abuse and walrus all right
let's see it sunshine your bee-yoop anus
I don't know hey guys
sunshine sunshine up your anus uh I was
pretty close by the way hey guys made an
account just to pitch at best of the
wars - fourth of the worst special with
Superman for the quest for peace jaws
the revenge and three ninjas High Noon
at mega mountains at the for three
ninjas movie Aaron Lee thanks for the
laughs
that's that would that would suck poop
dick 5079 says hey guys Jay thanks for
recommending society in the 1977 horror
movie house house added those to my
viewing listen and thoroughly enjoyed
them any similar movies you could
recommend while those two movies aren't
similar to each other what are the two
house and what not well not house not
the 80s house not oh uh they said the
70s one right the absolute house you
Japanese movie nothing is like house
nothing is like that movie at all um
similar to society look at Brian used uh
who directed society he makes lots of
movies with with goobie body order stuff
goopy body or so yeah if you like
society you might like well you didn't
direct it but he produced from beyond
which is Stuart Gordon directed and
that's got some lots of goopy body order
stuff in it um but yeah it look up Brian
use now he's produced and/or directed
not nothing quite on the level of
society but other movies with with that
same sort of aesthetic this quick J
quick tip oh and Alice has a really
important question Jay have you seen the
witch - no because it doesn't exist
lol black my Philip I can't wait for the
witch to sequel which it would what
would you even do as a sequel to the
wedge just turn it into a straight-up
young girls night on the town like turn
it into almost a rom-com okay you know
starting to use powers because like give
it give it to like someone give it to a
director trying to think whose oh like
the worst person to give that to like
who directed the be which to remake give
it to her
hahaha the Will Ferrell Will Ferrell
eNOS is that a winch
movie yeah the Will Ferrel would be
which dream a give it to her and just go
nuts with it no one would expect that
there you know
Tyron said Jay I had asked Jack and rich
this before but what are your thoughts
are the on the importance of continuity
in a film's franchises canon so our
x-men Star Wars alien etc are all
inconsistent with mixed results yeah um
I you're inconsistent
well terminator I'm you know so many
franchises are inconsistent yeah um if
it's a if it's a good concept or a good
story or good series I think it's very
important if it's Friday the 13th
it's more entertaining if continuity is
out the window
yeah that's the difference that's pretty
fair I appreciate in a good series when
there's there strong continuity but it
seems to happen so rarely Bing yeah yeah
like and you know something like if you
take the first three Star Wars movies ah
what I was wondering what was gonna
happen it was gonna be good hmm like you
know obviously like there's important
continuity and there's not important
continuity where it's like obviously
take the first three Star Wars and the
prequels and all like all the stuff that
like Ben Kenobi was saying about the
Clone Wars and all those and you have
the prequels would show all that and
there are heavy inconsistencies
ocean-like
continuity errors basically that was
kind of a big sticking point for some
people do you like wait a minute if that
happens then why doesn't that happen and
that happen and then you have the polar
opposite which is something like fucking
rogue one which is anal about how
consistent they want to be to the point
of their inserting CGI characters yeah
well once to exit out though didn't even
need to do that to be consistent exact
well it's hair don't have to show up
right right yeah right so can work and
sometimes it doesn't
I guess I'm given great answers well and
then rogue one ends with like you know
Darth Vader shows up and he's fucking
everybody up and then it ends with them
on the same ship that a new hope starts
at right and then he goes up to the in a
new hope he goes up to Princess Leia and
she's like I don't know what you're
talking about
I'm in a diplomatic mission to Alderaan
invader like based on what you know in
rogue one he's like no you're not I just
saw you I just I just watched you're the
fucking ship take off from that planet
we were all on together remember we were
just on the planet yeah also why was
your ship on the planet why the fuck was
your ship there I was there because I'm
the bad guy and I was fucking some
people up yeah you're the princess that
makes no sense why the princess was
there and why was your ship inside of
another ship is that how your ship
normally travels I don't think so is
that what happened at the inner one I
don't even remember no remember her ship
was like inside of the bigger ship I
honestly don't and they're like Mike was
quizzing me recently he was asking me
about characters from rogue one he's
like do you remember this character do
remember this character and he said one
of the main characters like a pilot or
something yeah and I legitimately did
not remember this character and it's one
of the main characters I would
absolutely believe that they're
incredibly bland yeah but no remember
remember that scene where Darth Vader
turned into like a murder monster yep
that was very consistent speaking of
continuity very consistent with the
original films like I get it he's
supposed to be a badass and we never see
him be a badass but also he has a bit of
subtlety in class to him or he supposed
to yeah but so when he's when he's going
on his murder filled rampage
that's in the big ship and then you know
remember they're all going through the
door and they pass the plant plane
through the door yeah that's that's the
ship that Leigh is on in it and goes
away okay I legitimately don't remember
her little ship her little ship was in a
big ship and they were all there for
some reason giggling murder monster
Vader's murder monster Vader is fanfic
Vader
that's the Vader that appears in all of
your fanfiction yes for Darth Vader
badass with his lightsaber even though
we never is in the movies right I want
him to be Vader traded nobility and
goodness for power yes and part of that
involves having the power to have
underlings do your bidding right yes
yeah you don't need to walk down a
hallway and just slash everybody and
look like a bandits which is why in the
original movie the first time we see
Vader is him casually walking in yes and
I got a reason after his henchmen have
done his bidding yes yes which makes him
more intimidating because he's in charge
he's the man in fucking charge and it's
like I'm sure there's some area there's
some like grayer before he was the man
in charge we had to prove himself and he
had awesome epic battles but that's not
where he was in rogue one oh well girl
remember rogue one no oh there was a
blind guy I liked his lips I like the
blind guys bit better sure it was also
inconsistent because he did like cool
ninja kung-fu moves laser dodging at the
beginning but then at the end he just
walked where was that one of those cool
ninja moves ooh when you went to go flip
the switch man I thought you loved me
just walk it worked
you're supposed to have cool ninja moves
remember when you did that David in oh
people Jack geez Jack Rich send me the
comics you don't want I'll pay for it oh
sorry David is that we're talking about
before I've tipped so much you guys can
buy two copies of injustice well we
might we'll play it I prefer physical
comics but I'm scared of my local comic
shop don't be they might be nice buy
stuff from him go in usually not Church
usually I've had some bad experiences
but you know what
you go in there and meet him hey I'm a
like comics can buy comics from you and
they'll go yeah then again nobody ever
comes in here any more than its dying
this time they go again I'd love for you
to like you yeah would you also like
this overpriced statue of Wolverine
right it's Wolverine in a bikini we
think it's two statues that got merged
we don't quite understand it but it's
Wolverine in a bidet she's got big
fucking tits it's great people love it
people love looking at it Daniel from SL
This Is It this is the last tip we
finally caught up on tips all right
opinions on under the skin good but too
drawn out right no just good
that's the Scarlett Johansson Janzen
yeah I've heard really great things I
haven't gone around it's a wonderful
movie that's another one that I think
you may find boring I think a lot of
people find that movie boring but that's
another one where I'm just like sucked
in by the atmosphere okay the look of it
if it's if it's done right that's all I
think it's great I think it's a
wonderful story I think it's well
executed mm-hmm
I really like that movie a lot under the
stranger things ripped it off tips been
cut off if you get me keep tipping it's
good we've hit the cutoff we're done
we're done I can't believe we've gone
this late
I'm saying it's getting late you know
we've had a lot to chat about I'm tired
look at that Biddy uh I love the giant
drag queen fairies look at him no look
at him I love how they did the fairies
Jesus Christ is that how long we've been
streaming this might be the longest
dream we've ever done in a while my
husband up time is we're at five hours
Oh God
cut it off cut it off five fucking hours
what you want to skip what they said and
just read the names that would make the
names go quicker you know it was they
said if they said a thing if I love the
giant drag queen fairies that's right
surgeon I love the giant drag queen
Barry can't be drag queens because I
believe they actually they're not
they're not cross-dressing how do you
know oh no I I know they're not
cross-dressing I'm making some
assumption the timbre of their voice
when they laugh when's the last time you
saw a drag show right you'd be surprised
i what i'm saying is the general look of
them it looks like something out of
RuPaul's Drag Race that if you watch
that show it's fine it's fine Jim okay
hey this is the point of the stream
where we thank all the people that
subscribe to us during the stream much
like NSF lopa encephalopathic who says
oh my gore of a month after month this
new subscriber who has subscribed to us
for 12 months in a row says Jack please
demonstrate your erotic pop-and-lock
skills for us there's a whole video
dedicated to them zat's says half a year
with the frauds and the dicks the nacho
ninja welcome Oh bother
who has subscribed to us for twenty
three fucking months in row bothers has
just got a physical copy of the game
licked it worth it that's true oh yeah
yeah all of the switch cartridges are
coated with a bitter tasting thing to
make sure kids don't eat them is that
the reason why yeah okay cuz they're
very small cuz I heard about that
and then they're saying like I saw
articles about how the games taste bad I
was like well why are people tasting
them anyway
this is the this is the problem antenna
was like we're worried about kids
licking them but only adults have bought
it and they just want to put them in
their mouth because they put these the
tasting agent on it yeah Nintendo has
caused more people to put these in their
mouth then they have then they have
protected Oh uncle of Lies says next
year comes early this year gents
just favorite customer says double
digits dogs beer coaster says I like
cars what's a car you've really liked
mine or disliked wait we gotta change
question I don't have much to add about
cars there's my car tale for a while I I
drove a Ford Explorer
that was a manual transmission yeah and
even though it was always a pain in the
ass to drive I really missed them my
manual Trent I love driving manual no
because it feels like you're in control
of the car right so then with an
automatic yeah longer road trips would
usually become a little TV a lot yeah a
lot of fun like for city driving
yeah that's great loved it loved it
agreed so I miss my manual transmission
and it was great cuz no one could ever
borrow my car yes that's true and I you
know it was like an SUV it was like and
so they would always want to borrow my
car and I'd be like oh sure can you
drive stick
oh fuck right off yeah yeah uh Inc 105
welcome to the subscribers double papa
welcome
Lloyd beats 431 fucking months in a row
Lloyd beat says black Philip is my
spirit animal guys gotta see the witch
if you haven't seen the which black
philip mehta elven says happy birthday
to my friend blind scotty the world's
best blind electrician on youtube I have
so many question
blow vaad says seven ultra titty
motherfucking cocksucking pissed scum
googling son-of-a-bitch ape face cock
dick nose months in a row
Biff Oh Potamus for thirty four fucking
months in a row Simic semi-competent
welcome duis Maximus alien of seven says
hey rich I just finished MEA remember
me1 when you save the galaxy and felt
like a total badass yeah it wasn't like
that yeah yeah rich is done talking
about mass effect you just have you have
no idea how done just putting that out
there
Svengali says bum bleeped Italy it sure
you guys rock so hard you guys are rock
hard yeah we have macho man at teen Zen
welcome goose fester II skeevy Rae Bunga
Doug 431 fucking months in a row Bunga
Doug who says I want that pic of Jay
posted for every stream even if he's not
present the other camera is not working
you guys might have known we did
something to the other camera so I just
quick I I just google search Jay Bowman
that was the number-two picture so I can
get a picture of him um judge Arceus
crust for 14 months in a row dead drop
please welcome the off switch for 15
months in a row this billion-dollar idea
three amigos but with Melissa McCarthy
playing all three amigos now
and how could it fail like we've talked
about this bunch but the problem was not
the talent in the Ghostbusters Melissa
McCarthy Kristen Wiig and Kate McKinnon
Kate McKinnon are funny ladies yes and
have been funny and things there are
many other problems with it so a three
amigos reboot with the three of them has
potential its but nothing has been
happening we would be feet away from it
just keep Paul fag away from elf hey G
um it takes them but I cannot read that
from here that's all right no I got it I
got it
everything's fine
Van_Dren, JJCheeker, for 15 months in a row,
says pyrite is all right with me
it might not be real gold you see the
hitch tastes better with salt and pepper
so pyrite is alright with me
pyrite is not gold is better me as
pyrite is not right by me if I cook less
Birds oh it's fine death John Ryan from
em i says octo rax spooky Dookie for
twenty six fucking months in a row says
I'm still here mo bolts welcome Mobile's
us pull up loose chat boosters chats
welcome I don't know your names
senex River welcome Lando was taken for
30 fucking months in a role and it was
taken says 30 months for a 30 year old
man child
thanks you fucks
Jonty be welcome seven of Bourg nine
synthetic hero clone to 7 to 7 for 13
months in a row says keep the jack rich
reviews coming check your inboxes we're
working on it since that was a fine
review let's find out it okay how was it
by the way editing that when you weren't
a part of it is it was that weird or
better uh dealing though it wasn't it
wasn't better the only was weird about
it was the fact that I wasn't terribly
familiar with demolition man okay guys
seen it before but um like obviously
when it's an episode that I'm on and I'm
talking about movie and then I'm editing
that episode like I know right where to
go you know right in the movie to find
the clips I need sure so a little
different in that respect but this is
fine hey hope it was good well I got I
thought it's fine yeah that's fine if so
talk about demolition man though you
know what eight hindsight and I saw this
in someone mentioned this either on
Twitter or somewhere we didn't there are
so many things memorable things about
demolition man one thing we didn't talk
about was murder death kill oh sure
I just I liked that that's what it was
named is a murder death kill so anyway
but this is like a review isn't just
like remember this part right like
you're talking with the movie as a whole
right ocean that's kind of more
important I'm really glad that you kept
in most of our franchise war debate oh
yeah that was the most important part
the dumbest ilogger that was the dumbest
aside ever basically what I'm saying is
do you want a standalone video where
tonight debate the franchise worse
because that can happen because that can
happen a gray matter forty to welcome
the face sitter welcome I'll fuck you
guys in your name's ghek egg anger
that's his name
that's fine that's the name mr. balls
welcome Cibo Leth
says I have made it with a woman I'm
sorry what I have made it with a woman
rich and Jack informed the men you can
try the men now you want do you want
another they're proud of it they want to
let everybody know oh okay I'm joking
was saying like you bought it like I'm
jokingly misunderstanding oh can I try
man now I was wasn't your liking
I was just generally not understanding
so uh so chat Qi Bowl F has made it with
a woman congratulations
congratulate she do anything that people
have been doing for centuries
just centuries Wow whatever a very very
long time what did they make babies even
times do they really have a stork and
what they did that was why they did they
didn't just come out of nowhere on rich
it's based on historical facts what
would happen is you know like do you
know why they call it an archway in a
room though the Roman arches people know
those right what would happen is you
know a woman would stand on one side and
rub her genitals on the archway and a
man would stand on the other side and
rub his genitals on the opposite
arteries with their backs facing each
other really wish we get the end stream
but then what would happen is the the
power of their genital rubbing would
actually vibrate the bricks to the point
sending the signal to the stork and and
that the historic would bring a child
but only if they rubbed their genitals
hard enough on the columns they should
have just had sex instead well they
decades not exist then decades later
they figured out a much better way to do
it okay
ah where was I
she bullet made it with a woman she
shouts 431 fuckin months in a row says
holy crud 31 months who cares just
kidding love the stream keep up the good
work guys AJ_pimps all says best way to
nurse a hangover equals listening to
this broadcast yeah yeah but I mean I
don't know if I would I think if I was
really hungover I just wouldn't want to
listen to people talk yeah shut up just
shut up for a little bit really somewhat
listen to someone with more like a
soothing voice right none of us have
soothing voice oh gods but least of all
me yeah I agree
hug hug or loaded hug or loaded welcome
riot crew for thirty four fucking months
in a row says hey Jack and rich check
out star realms it's a two-player card
game might be a fun board game stream I
may send it to you if you don't have it
we don't have it but yeah go ahead send
it to us we like that kind of stuff
exploding varmint and tell zeros tell
Grove tell tell gross maybe tell gross
rich we've been streaming we have five
hours and gossiped that's pointing it no
I have to ride my bike I know try not to
lose it it's gonna be fine hey everybody
thank you for subscribing and we really
appreciate it the the real thing
