Episode 762
Splitting Hairs (Bayonetta part 2)
May 10, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Md34TfbJjc
___________________________________________

pretty bland is pretty bland okay
Anonymous is rich and chat about No More
Heroes play both or just to like zone of
the enders also if one is needed ps3 or
Wii ps3 lets you stock power-ups warped
jobs and a retry option what say you
let's chat um I actually own the
PlayStation 3 version of No More Heroes
1 but I've never played it because I've
been I've been thinking maybe someday
I'll find a PlayStation Move on the
cheap oh sure that's a game I actually
kind of liked motions control motion
controls on and I don't want to play it
with a normal controller oh really they
do the finishing it's just like the
finishing moves it's not like every
attack is a waggle ah yeah ok
interesting and then your stance is like
which position you're holding it so
you're not switching like a button
you're like high and low attack hey I
don't mind the motion controls on No
More Heroes ok um so I haven't played
ps3 version I can't tell you the Wii or
the PlayStation 1 I'd say play ball most
fans seem to like one more we could not
not necessarily because the game played
because of the the characters the boss
characters have a little bit more depth
to them in one eye I think they're fine
in both games Oh what do you mean boss
characters Oh verses 1 & 2 like yeah oh
I'm sorry
I thank you the bosses as characters are
more developed in one ok they've got
like the scene that plays like before
and after guys a little bit goes a
little bit more in depth than what you
get in No More Heroes 2 I thought you
were still talking about whether to get
the Wii or PlayStation version you are
totally right I can see where that would
be confusing or apologize no problem so
most of the fans seem to appreciate No
More Heroes 1 um I think they have a
point but I think No More Heroes 2 is
still really good I recommend playing
both and it order well there you go and
on the weak
hahaha uh no I probably and I see in the
chat I probably won't do a blade to
review even though I'd love to because
we kind of covered most of the stuff in
the blade one review blade two is a
great movie though like watch blade
watch blade to stay away from blade
three blade two is the Guillermo del
Toro blade and so it's a little campy ER
and a little sillier but that may mark
Margaret Alice moonlights um Margaret
was her last names starlight moonlight I
forgot which was which but those two
implied to be sisters are fun and we
heard two's got forget his name the
horror game inspired one like you're
either the Jason kind of character with
the baby mask I don't remember his name
were you
like I said that has developed as
characters but I think uh some fine boss
fights no more hurdles to Matt Helms
that was it
Matt Helms that fight in No More Heroes
too is just a it's a good old-fashioned
brawl which I enjoy as a boss fight it's
not gonna recognize the pattern he's
doing the Special Attack now and there's
your opening it's just a he's got a
thing he's swinging around and you got a
thing you can swing around yeah fight
each other and it's a satisfying boss
fight jack okay
uh you know what in a creepy house with
a guy or the baby mask and a
flamethrower so that we we were talking
about we talked about that like in our
in our zelda review worth like sometimes
all you want is just a brawl yes why
don't more boss fights work out that way
well it's like the so far here we've
gotten a couple boss fights and you know
what they are here's the important part
of boss fights they should be the same
you or you should use the same moves
that you've been using all game but it's
just bigger and stronger that's what a
good boss fight is like the bosses here
in Bayonetta so far are the exact same
they're just bigger and they take more
temporal which powers I don't see any
helpful stuff in the chat so what I've
been trying to do is hit it and then use
my dodge to Dodge inside the wall but
that doesn't seem to be working anyone
have any ideas for temporal which powers
yeah which time is dodge but it's not
working find a way to trigger which time
yes I know temporal equals time thank
you
sounds risky
oh there was a bird there like a time
stop thing if you get like a certain
meter full oh geez wait there's this
bird I can try to catch okay great
uh well there's the time stuff thing if
you dodge at the right time right I know
there was an other I think it was
another one though oh let me just try to
dodge again and see if that works
nope dodge after creaming the wall or
there maybe into the statues there's a
statue sharam oh I had this happen once
fuck around these statues oh okay that's
yeah
walk up next one hit X lifted you're
gonna have to dodge a lightning bolt
perfect dodge the lightning bolt then
you get a long-lasting slow time oh okay
I was not I was there you go
what okay well at least we know what to
do now dodge it closer to the wall so
hit them run over there show that's why
I gave me the timer okay so okay cool I
get it now that's why it gives me the
timer nope they didn't get the lightning
to actually hit the thing - ooh me me me
kill two birds one stone that's a good
idea rich hey everybody I'm sorry I did
not know about the so statue thing yeah
Jack was not playing at that point I was
still playing remember I was reading
Chad and you know alright sorry Jen says
don't know if it's because I haven't
played fast games like this in a long
time or just aging but this almost
strains my eyes but the game does look
badass has that happened to you with
recent games I don't I don't think it's
getting older I I think it's because I
know what you've been doing lately I
think it's playing the Zelda game hahaha
every game has its own pace breath of
the wild is a much slower pace game than
this oh yeah and I can see where that
would be jarring
I just threw a car call probably didn't
want to do that
crawler Raptors is rich sorry for your
wheel shaped loss your vengeance showed
your vengeance showed in my impossible
ironman long war XCOM 2 opening mission
rookie rich Evans finished with 4 kills
and a promotion
Ricky Packard survived good work jack
I'm pretty good good work pretty good
Zach of the X's says I have been working
on a wheeeeel of the worst cosplay for a
convention at the end of the month
and now I have to worry about people
knocking me over Jack would have smiled
if he weren't playing I am it just took
me a little bit cuz I'm trying to figure
out how to concoct I understand I
understand the Ayatollah of rock and
roll up says I'm making a film list any
suggestions the genre is action hero
franchises that never made it past one
film buckaroo banzai Reno Remo Williams
Jake speed the January man F folks folks
folks I don't I mean I have never even
heard of this one and Quigley down under
well first one that came to my mind was
Remo Williams I get it yeah you like we
what was the one we watch best of the
worst which one with Stamos John Stamos
I didn't see that one John Stamos and
Jesus mo which is by the way coming out
on blu-ray soon yeah is um oh I don't
know I didn't see that one but that that
was totally an attempt at a franchise
that failed never too young to die
what's the hard do cobra I don't think
this can I don't think this is just an
action movie that only had one movie I
think they had they had to have had
plans for sequels I think this is the
head of the head of their mind this is
going to be the long-running franchise
and people were going to love this
character mmm I don't know if Cobra
really fits the bill well hey guys
what's is the heart to do I got a heart
thing I'm all out of health and I'm just
gonna die I guess I just need to accept
death that's what I really need to do I
just need to accept death
tango and cash
yeah maybe tango in cash they were
trying to make a series yeah I could see
that like the running man no no right
definitely not the running man okay jack
skips cutscene yes
um bradle 23 says banjos are cool as
hell
what kind of banjo music do you listen
to slash play I like I like bluegrass
I'm a fan of bluegrass music in general
but I don't know how to play anything
like that yet because I'm just you know
I'm just learning oh by the way Jack
yeah spin around the left stick and hold
down wire not necessarily hold down but
just start like mashing why just shoot
like a cat person yeah yeah that's fair
also when you do a combo yeah hold a
button at the end of the combo and
she'll just start unloading her gun to
their head or whatever nice has I've
been following the cicada 3301 puzzles I
I don't even know what that is well
there you go
like just like hold down one of the
buttons the middle of a comment like
that nice all kinds of fun shit you can
do mash mash I didn't call on him I
remember I did Sri Chen says also
speaking of being very simple I'm glad
you did not completely crush my prereq
Toto rich and Jack Jack Ryan oh no that
was cute balls cute anyway good stream
have a good day I think I may go nap
soon you're likely already napping
though how long it takes us good thank
you very much anonymous sense good sirs
you as a horizon zero dawn death hey if
every week you know we don't have a
confirmation well if you I was a great
fucking game I was so certain you two
would hate the game I am really glad to
see you guys enjoyed it it's that kind
of support keeps us going on our end
Cheers thank you if that is you
obviously you know you're anonymous we
have no idea who you are but hey that's
a nice setting it's a neat robot fights
only only issue is I can't stand
precision aiming with the mouse we still
we're still getting comments rich about
you buying one of those goddamn hundred
and fifty dollar mouse which Sony could
brick at any moment with a firm world of
course how I dodged that oh I did not
dodge that barring a boo-boo you can't
handle this I'm fucking awesome with
this game keep my hand fist eat it you
know what this games pretty funny
face it it needs to come to PC it's like
I think Sony just paid for it I don't
think that can happen Sony's not gonna
release a not BC no Sony smart and Sonia
says we need exclusives that's true it's
one of the it's one of the you know
right now that's that is a selling point
for yep even though I haven't like all
of their exclusives
yeah hello what born I don't know
horizon yeah they've they're they're
totally winning
you know the exclusive war with Xbox
right now oh fuck it Xbox doesn't have
any exclusives anymore because
everything comes to fuckin a PC halo oh
okay yeah yeah comes to PC sure sure yes
yeah but like ignoring that oh okay sure
like the Windows Store right okay
well count that as part of their
exclusive well you know halo
more halo halo halo halo never gonna not
be Halo and Gears yeah cuz we got well I
think titanfall is that a was an
exclusive did might be that none oh yeah
might not be they get titanfall I'm sure
they have other sectors exclusive I
think titanfall one was an Xbox
exclusive is - I assume ok ok
I assume titanfall 2 was on ps4
oh well then nevermind titanfall was on
PC 2 item but everything Xbox is now
though with their Windows Store thing
well that's just saying amongst the
consoles sure but but like that's part
of my point which is like they've
incredibly screwed the pooch as far as
people buying one of their consoles if
you could or if you could if you took PC
out of it I would never do that because
I'm a die-hard PC guy right um you only
get a PlayStation 4 Xbox one and you
know that's where you're looking at
exclusives add yeah
Sony's ahead right oh of course I mean
as you're as far as boring as fuck oh I
didn't mind gears 1 & 2 right no get
gears for his Uncharted level
is uncharted level and PlayStation has
horizon just for us boring
uncharted doesn't even like having
gameplay wishes it didn't have to have
gameplay i barely count gears honky
boring fuckin brother and walk around
and pretend you're playing a game cuz
action set-pieces happened and you're in
control of very little
oh the give the gears gameplay was so
boring and this is the app but it was
sure it was a shooter straight straight
through yeah it wasn't pretending to
have a weak-ass shooter
it wasn't pretending to have story set
pieces sure there's just a weak shooter
mmm
yeah it's a weak shooter yeah okay I
guess I can be with you what about last
of us - look it's gonna be on the Sony I
don't know if it's gonna be exclusive
people seem to like it so it's winning
in that sense i I couldn't fuckin stand
it
ah oh yeah I know but with with horizon
with metal gear with blood-borne
modern-day naughty dog hates gameplay
they don't care about it they want to
make movies I hate them
conky you're so wrong I'm charged has no
gameplay oh Sh oh shit he just killed me
right off the bat there didn't ya witch
hunts are over those gamers need this
game I approve yeah I'm having I'm
having a lot of fun 97th jag Allah says
the latest Besant worst was the best
video I have seen on the Internet in
weeks eggs
yeah people people seem to like the the
last wheel episode it was good it was a
fine episode you know what a fine
episode I always enjoy watching the
episodes that I had nothing to do with
cuz then I could just get to watch is
fine up soon it's hard for me to like oh
I it's hard for me to talk about
episodes that I was a part of because
then I'm just like listening to myself
and like did I say anything good and do
not agree on Last of Us but whatever
like it was the blandest stuff I have
ever seen mixed with the most standard
shooter I have ever seen
I don't see anything special with last
of us gameplay nothing at all in fact
there's an enemy type they specifically
say has really good hearing I tried the
distracted was sound I like throw like a
can over in the corner like ran at me
not at the can that was making this
noise this is the enemy would super good
hearing I'll do a distraction nope oh
fuck fuck Naughty Dog what do they do
this
this stirrer says hey rich we know your
feelings in Star Trek and Star Wars
what about Firefly I've never watched it
because I don't want my heart to get
ripped out and specifically for that
reason everybody up to and including my
father says Firefly is good yeah and I
know there's only one season and
probably some unsatisfactory resolution
once they've lip together that movie
right
probably it's you know it's all right is
the movie here's my question is this
will determine whether or not I ever
watch fireflies okay it's serenity and
adequately satisfying resolution or
notice Firefly just not have that kind
of letting see realized structure and
I'm wrong about that I um serenity is as
a satisfying conclusion yes yeah all
right all right because it is more
cereal like there's overall there's an
overall story but it's very vague so it
is more serialize I think it's worth
it's worth your time okay you know what
I'm gonna put them a list of things I
put it on your list of course you have
to be able to watch serenity as well but
the specific reason I haven't watched it
is I didn't want to I didn't want to get
hurt when it's just that's gone yeah cuz
everyone says it's so good it's so good
like you know better to have loved and
lost and never to have loved at all yeah
nope no I don't agree with that
sentiment I made punches and kicks I can
only use seven punches and six kicks
rich
Oh
let's trying to teach me those combos
here oh I'm not going to do it
half-hearted says hey guys thanks for
being you do you think it's possible to
have a comedic game that has high
replayability I can watch a comedic film
a million times a comedic game seemed to
be one and done No More Heroes you hate
cutscenes though I do I do hate
cutscenes I'm gonna give this one more
try I don't think I can I think I need
to get my cut my combo game up which my
combo game is not that strong at the
moment which would you rather have a
good series but bad ending or good
series with a unfinished ending they're
about the same they're about the same
nope
this just isn't gonna work you're left
unsatisfied and either in either case
yeah yeah I can't do this I cannot do
this in a limited number of kicks and
punches I'm not that good yet well give
a few more shots of it streamed a few
hours yeah we're good streaming a few
hours if you're stuck this is it oh no
no this is a side thing Oh like you had
to defeat that enemy using only seven
punches and six kicks Oh which I'm sure
if I like there yet if I really knew
what combos are the most powerful I
could run it really easily but I'm just
I don't know him all that well I'm gonna
keep playing don't you worry but then
two hours and 36 minutes ago alright
alright
why do so many cartoons that ultimately
get cancelled and on a cliffhanger well
a lot of shows that get canceled and on
a cliffhanger because they reason they
have the cliffhangers because they want
people to be interested seeing a new
season yeah and it just wasn't enough to
work and they and or they just didn't
know that they were going to be
cancelled and so they had something
playing honey yes remember ho L fandom
no I don't remember how gets off gets
taken by the government and thrown in a
a lab what that's the last episode of L
is him sitting in a glass cage I love
that they eventually like you like
decades later they had a TV movie the
cleared up but for a while that was the
last we saw of Alf they were getting
ready to discectomy that was the series
finale that's great
what what oh you're calling your friend
now you calling your friend not cool
anonymous says hey Jack and rich hi when
you brush your teeth how do you rinse
head under the faucet or cup hands and
fill water or with a cup head under the
faucet are you a monster or a cup of my
hands yeah head under the what are you
talking about a head under the faucet I
guess no it's not an awkward positioning
with where your sink is located and how
your faucet is shaped I could see it
oh I dodged I dodged that you fuckwad
more awkward than taller you are I
suppose but no cup cup my hands cup in
hands all cupping hands after you brush
your teeth you paid two toddlers to ask
that
when you look at you gamer Jack leave
such a gamer going after that glowing
bag spot what else you gonna do I'm not
disapproving
I'm just noticing are you kiddin I did
that on the here we go boom by the way
that you're finishing movies called your
climax putting that out put that out
there uh I'm fine with that
this is the only monster she makes with
her hair uh so far but I don't know if
it gets different later on the important
question brushing your teeth wise rich
back and forth or circles I mix it up I
think yeah sure probably I'll sit back
and forth okay so they do say that
circles is is more appropriate as it
helps ya strengthen your gums hmm but I
think I mix it up too cuz you know it
gets monotonous work work
what are you
how could you guys floss when Karen nags
me enough I hate flossing always hated
flossing every fucking day every fucking
day is gone between your gums yeah yes
boom I'm rich I have terrible terrible
teeth I need to floss like if I if I cuz
if I don't like that's more cavities I
have terrible teeth my lower teeth of
like really close together and say
sometimes the damn floss actually gets
caught yeah I hate doing it gots to
floss usually I only floss at night
though I know they say they say if you
want to be like super hardcore about mm
floss after every meal disposable
flossing devices those things little
plastic things yeah normal floss gets
caught between my teeth I can't even get
those fucking things in there well you
know they have easy ones where it's
basically like just a handle that holds
a piece of floss yep so you just got
good ha ha I get them for my kids I got
them for my kids flossing is still
unsupported by modern science FDA just
dropped their recommendation you know
who tells me to floss my fucking dentist
Oh and so at one point your doctor used
to tell you to use leeches to cure the
flu yeah I am still going to trust my
dentist over some random person
commenting on this on the internet not
fense random person
guardians of the galaxy has the worst
ending of any movie any good movie
cliche bad guy gets distracted instead
of just killing them instantly even the
Kingsmen made fun of that over you
strobe the ending is the Achilles heel
of guardians and it's but here's the
thing it's not specifically that because
so like there's you know it's guardians
of the galaxy spoilers because you know
there's two parts to that ending there's
that one the one the the trope that he's
talking about is Peter quill singing and
dancing so that the bad guy stops his
plan out of confusion yep
which is totally in character for Peter
quill and properly in the tone of the
movie right okay yeah yeah that's not
the part of the ending that bothers me
the part of the ending that bothers me
is that they all have to hold hands in
the Phantom Zone and the power
friendship is what beats him what what
annoys me is that their big plan to save
the galaxy is just to go in there
shooting everything it is that part of
it it is the dumbest fight if they tried
to do something clever if they tried to
do something clever and it didn't work
yeah then I would have bought the power
of friendship but we didn't even get the
attempt to do something clever before
going to the cliche and in again
speaking in theme and character Peter
quill star-lord is not a
Savi's tactician he is not the strategy
guy he came up with a plan to get them
and his plan was go in there and shoot
and we'll figure something out tensley
unsatisfying going in there shooting
intensely unsatisfying it is he's been
he's been he's he's rogue he's been he's
been living out there surviving in space
for four decades yeah he could be a
little bit clever he can think on his
feet that's fine you know what you can
write him that way I won't complain
that's just not not as he is again from
the beginning of the movie he is set up
to be a we'll figure it out when we get
there kind of care
character and that's how we end so to me
that makes perfect sense
wait where is that sword didn't I get a
sword I appreciate a protagonist who is
clever who's sly agreed I grew that that
doesn't have to be every protagonist
what what I love about Farscape and I
bring up Farscape a lot retire about
Guardians the galaxy but they're both
science fiction stories about space
rogues running from the Galactic
government uh-huh John Crichton is
constantly trying to outwit his
opponents and in a lot of episodes he
tries to do something clever and you
know what it doesn't always fucking work
but just as his crazy plans are fun to
watch even when they don't work
sometimes they massively backfire but
it's enjoyable hmm
well
like there's an episode where I think
they get boarded and and taken prisoner
and they're gonna you know they're gonna
take him to the space prison and so they
they do like cliche where they're gonna
have the computer trick like they're
getting attacked by somebody else and it
backfires horribly because instead of
turning you know changing their course
they just decide they're gonna execute
all the main characters kill the
prisoners like horribly the club they
tried the clever thing uh-huh
and it backfired horribly that's fair
yeah yeah that's fair
I you know that's what made Farscape fun
there's there's nothing wrong with
having a clever character but I don't
think it's I don't think that's Peter
quill I'm saying it it could have been
if they wrote him that way if they chose
to wrote him that way his first movie we
saw him sure sure but they didn't and so
like it would have been more enjoyable
that well it would have but then you
would have had to setup him being clever
before it like it's not just the ending
like that would have changed the entire
movie and part of the fun of star-lord
is that he's a big doofus as far as I as
far as I'm concerned I really like the
fact that he's fine fine but let's
attack the monster ship with four people
with guns intensely unsatisfying but
that wasn't the whole plan okay no he he
had all the ships outside their start
there was a star fight speed
you jump
I'm jumping let's attack the big ship
with four guys seems like the end of
three Star Wars movies guess who's not
the biggest star Wars fan in the planet
why could that be rich Evans who
apparently has to remind everyone every
single stream that he's not a big Star
Wars guy oh no I didn't want to do that
time did I have a tryout before the
witch twists and by the way in Jedi they
don't do it with five guys there's a
whole fucking fleet so this is the same
as the guardians of the galaxy there's a
whole pack you know what okay he's a
whole fleet and then remember he's also
friends with with the other guy for some
reason and then he calls the other guy
in the other Fliss it was the was the
stuff on Endor fun was it great was it
the best part of Star Wars it was it
kind of a letdown
wait on Endor that's whether the few
guys were attacking the thing well no
because they had the space battle up in
space too
okay okay remember there's Luke over
there the space battle and on Endor so
there's Mara
I want another move but I don't know
which move to what's stiletto slash in
poem with incredible quickness let's try
that out
sorry run I'm just trying out moves
press and quickly please Oh
oh right button endures good stuff if
you're high okay I associate maybe just
because it's in a forest it doesn't help
when I see somebody in a forest it just
feels like you know cheap that's what
amateur filmmakers do what they don't
other filmmakers
can't film anywhere else right so they
film their shit in the Forest Preserve
right when they film their horror movie
it's a monster stalking people in the
Forest Preserve we can smell blood in
the forest is there no one will bother
us in here yeah we can film for free
here yeah you know we wanted to film
something in a ball the week no way we
can get permission to film in a bowl
we're gonna film in the Forest Preserve
so maybe it's just because they're
filming in a forest but the end or stuff
man
running around the woods we're out of
the woods but you know what that's the
California Redwoods and it looks way
better
it helps that it helps that it's the
redwoods yes the question for any of
these for any of these combos that I'm
thinking about buying is will I remember
them and so far they're just a little
too complicated by the way one gets some
like four or five of lenka vision skis
movies film in the woods filming in the
West we just pointed out they're
pointing that out
I'm pointing that out dc's uh what would
you look at this move what is this move
wait wait if you do it to the end
Oh guess which move on buying well this
game ever stopped paying amazing and
then I'll buy some lollipops
all right
then I'll buy some lollipops exactly
dreamer TK might too much storage space
is dedicated to they might be giants and
so like if it's if it's any combo I'll
need to remember it and that combo is
eat really easy because I just hold down
the trigger
all right so I'm actually caught up on
tips know what that's great I know it's
amazing
oh oh fuck
jenna is beginning and ending this phone
I love I love the Jabba's palace stuff I
think a lot of people love the Jabba's
palace stuff in Jenna yeah sure oh yeah
you know what you get the rancor you get
the sandworm you get Boba Fett you get
you get the surprise that leh is the
bond is fun that's fun stuff and or
loses me well while the space the fact
there's a large space battle is neat
there's no characters I give a shit
about involved in it sure
Lando I don't give a fuck about Lando he
was the fucking traitor in the last
movie that's true I'm not I don't give a
I don't give enough of a shit what
happens to Lando okay like that so
should have been uh Han Solo going a
filibuster yeah that so should have been
han Solo
mm maybe but then but then he's not with
Leia you know you don't even need the
fucking Endor shit you don't even need
the indoor stuff that the woods I
suppose that's true just get rid of the
fucking teddy bears okay what what saves
what saves Return of the Jedi is that
just the personal stuff with Luke the
Emperor and Vader yeah is good yeah
that's quality it's it's good where it
needs to be good okay so here's my
question for you yeah you're you are in
charge now of punching up of doing a
soft rewrite on Return of the Jedi I
wouldn't I wouldn't need to give it more
thought before I give you a concrete
this is what they should have done I
would need to think about it a lot
here's what I want you to think about I
would I know I wouldn't sit in the
fucking woods well okay that's what I'm
saying so right now you got your idea is
to move Han to the Falcon right uh-huh
maybe Leia's with him who knows yeah so
the question is what do you do to fill
the space that was Endor because there
was a lot of Endor sure before that
invent
ending battle so what are Luke Leia and
Han doing before Endor this this would
require some thought that's and that's
that's just the question I'm posing oh I
dodged here's a question if you can do
if you can do a soft rewrite on the
whole damn trilogy yeah would you blow
up the Death Star at the end of one
knowing that it's gonna be a trilogy
knowing that it's gonna be a trilogy
alright but then how do you end one this
one you know you seeing it for the first
time there is no saga yet you're just
saying this weird movie called Star Wars
and you know blown up that Death Star
that's a nice little punch to end that
on mm-hmm
is Luke something to do yeah and if you
move blowing up the Death Star to the
third movie what's your big punch for
the end of the first movie that's what
I'm saying yeah yeah that's a good
question rich now and now we're getting
into some movie hypothetical shit okay
so we moved the deaths are to the to the
last obviously obviously that's what
happens then you you you you can't help
but diminish though the first one well
so I'm thinking of something now to
replace the first one yeah here's what
we do we need we need a a Luke we need a
Luke vs Vader fight scene yes so you
know Luke's mentor dies too Vader just
like he just like he does here it's
maybe it's on the death or you know yeah
it's on the desk taro be one dies yokes
mentor dies so the end of them of the
first movie Luke is fighting Vader in a
lightsaber battle
it's so perfect at empires you wait for
it you wait for it okay well then how
does he fight Vader at the end spaceship
battle I don't know do we do this he'll
I don't if you if you cuz you know it's
looking at as a trilogy it's nice if you
got the Death Star hanging over them the
whole time of course the threat that
finally gets vanquished in the end yeah
it does completely fuck with the ending
of the first one of course well so so
then is it just a really intense
dogfight with him invader and Han still
saves the day matter what it's less
satisfying of course there's a big
explosion there's a thing that they're
working towards everyone's working maybe
maybe they don't they're not stopping
the Death Star maybe they're trying to
delay to get the base evacuated and the
big punch at the end is the Yavin
getting blown up but we see our heroes
escaping in time they can they hit
hyperspace it's not as it's not as
heartwarming because that was a big part
of Star Wars felt good man well but and
then you have movie felt good but here's
the thing feel-good movie of the summer
then you have to downer and endings in a
row and that's not I know I know
can't do that we need to win you need to
win at the first you have to blow up the
Death Star at the end of the first one
you can't you really can't have it hang
it over the whole series there's no way
around it mmm there's no way around it
there's got there has to be something
equally as satisfy hurry there has to be
something satisfying that's not as big
as the Death Star the Star Destroyer
right why wasn't it this way way to the
best tag Jesus no there's no winning
there's no victory here Jack don't
rewrite their French until trilogy
rewrite the prequels the prequels didn't
even need to be made yeah that's how we
rewrite those we hit delete right by the
way yeah you you're not fixing the
prequels the simple rewrite oh god if
you if you get it in your head that you
absolutely need to have an episode one
to agree because a new hope is labeled
for after the back if you decide you
need
have then you throw everything out you
fucking start from scratch anyway right
wait in number two oh shit I'm fighting
a thing
shit
what are they doing at number two though
that's just cloud city stuff would it
really work rich you would fuck up the
whole beginning of empire if you do that
they can just blow up off and yeah like
I'm not saying you can do it
I was if this was a warehouse was an
experiment this is amusing
okay this was an exercise so so here's
what you do here's here's the
hypothetical in the first movie there is
no Death Star so but then then you know
what then you're making a first movie
that never would have gotten a sequel at
this point I don't know we'll see what
happens if you take everything exciting
out of the know now here's here's here's
the here's the deal here's the deal
right right is oh my god what's that oh
shit look at this he's got a building
stuck to his fucking head bitch this is
awesome look at action oh fuck I'm gonna
die um so the entire first movie is
about rescuing Princess Leia who has the
plans to the Death Star but she's not on
the Death Star she's not kidnapped on
the Death Star she's on the Star
Destroyer yeah and the first movie is
just about getting Leia and the plans
and the rescue and the big battle is on
the Star Destroyer yeah so you still get
a giant fucking space battle a
satisfying explosion all building up to
the big weapon possibly possibly does he
see at some point you're changing so
much you're you risk like ruining the
alchemy that made it work in the first
place yeah yeah I agree
you have no idea what the fuck you're
gonna get from love sure oh this is
butterfly effect territory right you
change one thing it ripples
it ripples through the whole universe
you can tell you 5 episode 1 had a meat
race Noah didn't three had Palpatine
throwing shit around episode 2 is pure
garbage Oh Andy trace the Padres ya know
the goofy cartoon race you know it's
like it's it would have that would have
been a fine like distraction in a
different movie he'll like ah God madam
says good evening you heck frauds hello
rich poor your favorite and least
favorite hated major characters from
each of the Star Trek series I don't
think I hate hate anybody in the
original series Beck that their cast is
fine you certainly I don't know if I can
it comes like Curt's Bakken bones cheese
I don't know bones probably wouldn't be
my favorite I wouldn't get rid of him
like Kirk or Spock I don't know they're
both great characters as far as the rest
of the cast in the original series
within the original series they were
largely window dressing
haha the original series was the the
Kirk Spock McCoy show right right
like there wasn't there was never like
an amazing Sulu episode but didn't he
get drunk one they just didn't write
those shows that way right
did I hit X in time Kirk Spock bones
Scotty fuck you and then kind of
everyone else is how I would rank them
and everyone else yeah Kirk Spock Spock
her bones Scotty the other guys there's
you're the original series ranking rich
rich rich but I'm throwing the house at
them now I don't you know what I'm gonna
stop watching cuz this is gonna spoil
when I actually play through this
somebody okay
sorry the the dragons through a house at
me and I picked it up and threw it back
at them okay and it was pretty awesome
TNG I love me some Picard just just the
risk you go from space cowboy with Kirk
and just the risk of going to English
diplomat right nice French technically
he was French in the show you know you
mister mister proper diplomat Earl Grey
tea tea Earl Grey mom Picard is hot cart
is interesting to me love the card yeah
least favorite Beverly Crusher get rid
of that fucking soap opera doctor okay
so now we know how this works is we only
have the amount of both shown Oh
I'm failing
Deep Space nine I guess Cisco I didn't
watch much TV Suzanne I didn't much care
for it I'm not that big on odo though I
would hardly that hardly goes into you
know hey do you hey toad no I don't hate
odo but yeah okay he's fine he's the
gruff for security I get it I get it he
was that he was the transforming one
right yeah I liked his t2 was was it was
a good movie it was popular thought it
was popular let's do that with a Star
Trek right like I watched a little bit
of deep season and I remember one
episode we're like odo had to like sleep
in a bucket right yeah
because he couldn't hold his form all
that long and he was like trapped
somewhere with someone and they like
they needed to find a bucket for him
right that's the only episode I remember
from the Deep Space nine and it was like
a big deal cuz he hated showing people
his bucket form yeah and he was like
with a girl or something and like sleep
in my bucket I don't want to show you my
foam it's it's gross and disgusting you
know the best character on ds9 might be
quark the shop oh yeah the best might be
quark right
all right I'm with you Voyager hahahaha
and then there's but well the doctor
doctor the doctors great the doctor yeah
I'd love to see Kate Mulgrew with a well
written Janeway oh she had potential
nothing but potential I like her as an
actress I really do but now the doctor
the doctor is great and then Neelix I
guess by default almost because he's
Neelix but you know he like at least
Neelix had a thing you know and he was
usually pretty consistent as a character
there is that great episode 4 he
discovers his entire religion is
bullshit because he has a near-death
experience and he doesn't see his happy
little tree afterlife uh-huh yeah that's
pretty fun and he goes into a horrible
depression if anyone Neelix his
girlfriend's the worst Oh
kes yeah throw her in the trash I think
that way they threw the trash get rid of
her eeeh oh they got I round I'm getting
rid of a kiss yeah she's garbage
Enterprise I didn't watch it enough to
give you a best and worst scene for
episodes I don't even remember who the
fuck the crew was
the actress that played cats went insane
is that true
well I know you know that they were
gonna get rid of somebody when they
brought on seven of nine and I know it
was almost Harry Kim oh well then you'd
still have kiss ah oh oh oh there oh god
there there's so many bad characters on
Voyager it's hard to pick a least
favorite how do I put them out they're
on fire they're on fire rich
I don't know try guns there's only so
many cars I can throw you haven't using
you I know you took over after I've
worked the tutorial you know you just
shoot by pressing X yeah oh oh I got to
go slow-mo time okay tell Jack how many
war crimes Jane made does Janeway does
throughout the series like giving the
Borg weapons I hey I don't even remember
all of the stupid things Janeway has
done we can't compromise no matter what
even though half of us will die okay
compromise okay something is mildly
inconvenient let's give the Borg weapons
of mass destruction the next episode
right ah no I dodged that I did not dog
that burial
oh okay right
yeah the upsetting part about Voyager is
that it had potential yeah the concept
was there yeah
the execution was we're afraid to do the
thing we are supposed to do right and
like that's I I think like people need
to understand that that's why like we
get upset about voyagers because there
was something there you have a premise
where your crew should be like like
desperate low on resources on on the
verge of violating your principles
because you just flat-out meet - right
and half your crew are criminals who
don't like you right this a fucking
goldmine for drama and in the second
episode nup everything's fine we have
plenty of resources uh
the Maquis are perfectly happy to be
good little Starfleet officers and yeah
it's all gonna be boring from here on
out
basically it's basically Star Trek
without any of the interesting races you
already know from the other series is
not gonna be no Romulans and Klingons
here no we got we got the caissons
they're like they're like bland discount
Klingons
that's the thing we got
it's a chaise on fucking Kazon
what you're saying is Voyager has no
balls maybe because their captain was a
woman ah nice joke was just a joke all
right we don't do jokes here tell me
about that one well not just for Janeway
could have been an interesting character
yeah when in doubt what are the easiest
most useful combos in the game is
triangle circle triangle or top right
top oh yeah go ahead that's great then
you get mega fist nef tell stream any
FTL streams in the future in the future
we don't we don't really plan these
things that far in advance so I'm sure
we'll do FTL again at some point not in
the immediate future but kinda maybe
maybe I don't fall I know next time was
tremely wool I don't fucking know we
bake this shit up as we go along
right we absolutely make this shit up as
we go along every single time we can't
oh yeah where was I going in we kind of
knew we were gonna do Bayonetta today
just because it's them it's the new game
and neither of us had played it before
so it's like why not why not play
Bayonetta
okay where are we going
maxi-pad 1850 to six I just wanted to
thank you all at Ireland for bringing a
realistic view to movies like the force
awakens and rogue one I was fanboying
out a little too hard on those movies
and you guys helped combat I'm glad we
could take some of the magic and Wonder
out of your life sometimes sometimes you
need that sometimes you need that it's a
tough lesson to learn
you don't really other things I like
about the card what he didn't like
children
that was very relatable to you an
interesting thing to do like is your
main character yeah he doesn't like kids
it's just an interesting little detail
that makes him feel like a believable
human being you know sure it's really
awkward around kids uh uh yeah yeah I
mean there was just him it was just in
character it's good I'm sure they wrote
him that way originally they then had
big plans for Wesley Crusher yeah before
they realize everyone hated Wesley
Crusher I'm sure I'm sure that was the
reason that character trait was
introduced
oh sure so he could eventually go out of
it to warm up to Wes and love Wesley
Crusher and everyone else was supposed
to know fuck
so naturally you stick the guy who does
not like kids an elevator full of kids
yes but I mean it wasn't done just for
that episode it was a long-running
character thing says as much in like the
first episode he tells it sort of that's
one of Riker's duties just like keep the
kids from bugging
oh yeah that was a good thing and but
and by the way that was a good that was
a fine child episode yeah uh yes sir
for you know I say these things I expect
everyone knows yeah it's an episode of
Star Trek The Next Generation with as an
accident the ship is damaged and Picard
is stranded wounded in an elevator with
the three kids yeah
and the man who is historically not good
with kids
yeah has to get good taco can't break
free of that oh I suck at this
crow Oh crawler rep and as a crow lay
Raptor is a krohler Raptor where the are
just kind of rolls right into Raptor I
really don't know capitals people
capitals separate your words so
important Roller Raptor says my fiancee
and I would like to start watching Star
Trek for the first time original series
is not on Netflix Australia a TNG is
should we start with TNG or will
something be lost nothing will be lost
TNG works fine as its own thing in fact
Star Trek TNG has set a hundred years
after the original series your fine
start with TNG I don't recommend
starting with season one I actually
recommend starting with season three
because Star Trek that with TNG there's
not like a serial narrative weaving
throughout the whole thing they could be
watched as individual episodes I
recommend starting a season 3 because
season 1 is bad a season 2 is mixed
season 2 can be very good or very bad
depending about what episode you're
watching season 3 is like damn near
perfect start with three if you like
season three then go back and feel the
waters with one them too that's how I
recommend you get into Star Trek yeah
and you know I guess I can be down with
it you know any any watching of Star
Trek is fine by me
you know even though I prefer the be
watching it in order like yeah if you
don't want to that's fine and the chat
will have good suggestions just don't
listen to Tiberius Kirk because he loves
season one for some reason and I don't
know why and like for me it's all it's
all just about watching them in order
there they're doing unused like the
original series scripts or face face to
the other filled a revival of the
original series and it just doesn't work
with the TNG crew there's something I
don't know but god season one start with
three start with season three whatever
gets you to watch it I think watching
them in order is the best why there's
like no real continuity there's no real
continuity but not not only story
progression but there's also like
production progression that I enjoy
watching yeah like you know the older
episodes they look a certain way and
then here's the thing if there's if
you're not a pre-existing Star Trek fan
yeah what the low quality of season one
turn you off like one maybe like that
Tashi or sorry on Planet Africa geez
that is some awful shit well like maybe
that's the front maybe that's the
problem is I am a Star Trek fan and so I
love this I love watching them finding
their footing but you're already a Star
Trek fan you are not a Star Trek fan
started season 3 and see the good stuff
before you see season 1 to think oh this
is all shit and turn away screaming I
get you know what I guess I'm fine about
it you know whatever gets you to watch
Star Trek
area there is continuity there's
technology growth there's character
growth there's political growth not much
there's there's no there's no season of
uh no Vanessa's there's no episode of
like Star Trek TNG that's not a
two-parter where you'd be lost if you
just started there and didn't know what
was going on before that but maybe some
of the Worf episodes but that that's
like season five before they really get
into too much of that right
oh it's been some of the Worf episodes
the then the political the Klingon
political stuff continuity there sure
but start with three that shit doesn't
even start until East season for three
anyways you're safe three
II
Sunday stream probably not oh definitely
not
I I have plans to visit my uncle
oh yeah and I'll be out of town I'll be
out of town on Sunday so no Sunday
stream we probably should have mentioned
that sunday is Easter Sunday and that's
usually yeah usually no good this
particular Easter Sunday I will be out
of town so unless rich can pull
something off and it sounds like he's
got plenty but why do you want me to
look at the lava I don't want to look at
the huh what fuck how I missed it
those are a little annoying every once
in a while they have a QuickTime event
are you finally going to teach your
uncle the Internet that was a different
uncle I am I have six uncles uh-huh yeah
I guess like four left
oh my well get older probably less than
that for all I know I haven't talked to
some of them yours mm-hmm
Aska the ones I haven't talked it with
Church
I'll be going on a nice road trip with
the family
nice nice holiday road trip atheist
Easter for rich like I'm not I'm not
celebrating a holiday I'm going to keep
a relative of mine who doesn't really
have anybody else in his life right now
company even non-religious folks like
rich and I understand understand that
every once in a while there are just
days in which people gather you like you
know Easter for my children is has
nothing to do with the rebirth of the
only Son of God it has to do with
getting candy my good Christmas is a day
what a fat man in a red outfit gives you
gifts exactly exactly and so these are
these are the pre-established holidays
in which people gather which I'm
absolutely fine with
wasted that slow-mo poor man's friend
who a man's friend whom a man puma man
evening have you guys noticed that call
of duty and halo morphed into the same
game also I'm so done with button
prompts and games I tried to like
Assassin's Creed and The Last of Us
their movies damn it
yep press the button to watch the
scripted sequence unfold
oh man I'm fuckin up all the attacks all
the attacks it's not a cutscene you're
doing a thing you should hit a button
you just enacted to the the talked Ahmad
about relationship problems while you
walk to the hardware store mechanic whoo
that's a naughty dog game for you then
deep walk into the hardware store
mechanics and I can't say too much about
call of duty and halo especially halo
this is I bought any kind of
first-person shooter that's you have to
play with a fucking gamepad like I
played the first Halo I had an original
Xbox yeah and I played the first Halo
and I said Smith so yeah as I but is it
like is it like Call of Duty no because
I thought in Halo you actually had a
health it depends which halo it depends
which halo I can't stand that Call of
Duty style he's a shot died over Pete
John spawned I spawned I spawn no
regenerating health agreed it's it's the
worst well halo it's not even the
regeneration just that you like you have
none and a halo I'm talking about I'm
sorry a Call of Duty yes Call of Duty
yelling no health right now die spawn
rod should somebody maybe die spawn
round I spawn robbed somebody shoot
somebody else dies fuck
Oh God huh as somebody who likes doing
no death runs of single-player games
that that just makes me want to throw up
well no they caught the single-player
campaigns of Call of Duty everyone does
in a no death run they're ridiculously
simple yeah yeah but for the for the
online multiplayer yes that's all it is
and I like I have friends who play Call
of Duty and I'll watch them sometimes
play Call of Duty and that's all it is
and just like well what are you trying
to accomplish
yeah you see a guy you kill them what it
what's the point what's the fucking
point
give me an objective
eat it
two fast novices rich was the one who
killed the wheel of the worst with a
sloppy craftsmanship Wow build build a
wheel that could be slapped around next
time the average what why the fuck would
I build a wheel that could be slapped
around in the first place the the design
is to be wheel that can be spun so we
can pick a movie the design is not to be
a tackle dummy that you can use for
football practice basically they're
giving you some ideas for the next wheel
tackle dummy nobody ever said there was
gonna be another wheel Jack that is that
that sentence has never been uttered by
me you know what rich I'm being hopeful
okay I kinda I'm what I'm hoping is if I
just keep saying it if I said I are rich
you're gonna build another real rate
please build another wheel eventually
you'll just take that as it's as a truth
and and I can get my wish that thing
lasted for a year judge frowny-face Jack
earlier today was suggesting a bicycle
wheel you're not alone
visually I don't I don't like it as much
with that with all of the tapes on there
it would look like a cluttered mess with
it it would look like a Michael Bay
transformer and that's the real problem
I thought was like bicycle wheel because
it has a spin component already that'd
be really easy to attach but rich is
right once you once you put the tapes on
the tapes won't stand out against the
bicycle wheel might be a bad idea it
would it would be great for spinning
heck just mount a bicycle then you can
even have the break break it well rich
that was a joke okay
oh it was a bad joke but it was a joke
ah let's see we get another technique
here the witch twist or the UH Umbreon
portal kick what you saw while you're
loving this day I fucking love this
press B arachnid shadow noises Jen
what's currently your favorite board
game and what makes it great currently a
wife and I are still very obsessed with
Marvel legendary what a board game or a
car game I'm getting there is getting
and giving it and getting into semantics
with you now it's a bit of a semantics
it's a game in which you play when
you're bored I guess I don't know I'll
grant you it as a board game okay I just
I just had that thought it does not
feature a board and you don't move a
little piece around a board so if that's
your definition of a board game though
if that's your definition of a board
game I still really like house on
Haunted Hill as that's a it's a really
neat game we've also been playing this
game called wizard battle did you play
that with us yeah that's the one is it's
it's the it's a very simple game but
it's a great party game because it makes
people say spells out loud I think it's
called wizard battle someone's gonna
tell me non-video game tabletop game
yeah is it called wizard battle do you
guys know about this it's really great
legend of the Hidden Temple oh no
there's a game called like legend in the
temple now what's it maybe it's not
called wizard battle no one seems to
recognize it hold on let me look up the
name or else because I want to do I want
to do white right by it
loser battle it's a it's a card game
called Blizzard mana
EPIK wizard battle of something mountain
somebody is saying maybe hold on I'm
looking it up right now just to make
sure I kept it was our battle for mount
scull somebody else is saying that what
it's called
oh I don't remember I play with you once
never memory memory of a fruit fly
um epic spell war of the battle wizard's
duel at mounts whoa no I don't want to
sign up for your newsletter it's okay
it's called epic spell wars of the
battle wizard's duel at mount skulls
fire okay that's the full name of it
epic spells war of the battle wizard's
duel at mount skull fires uh and it's
it's a really fun party like it's it's
simple strategy but the fun part is part
of the rules of the game is you need to
put a spell together that has three
parts and you need to say it
convincingly and they're all very silly
and they're all very silly and if
everyone agrees you didn't say it
convincingly enough their spell doesn't
count and so it makes people do funny
voices it's neat is so that we play we
played that in the last couple times
we've had like like Lord marasmus MS
spiffy spunk spell right
yeah we'll buy this one but if we're
taking board out of it saying tabletop
games yeah
Marvel Legends is number one Marvel
legendary is still number one we're
obsessed with that game we play that we
play that every free chance we get
I got a Star Wars game that's supposed
to be very good it's a Star Wars
strategy game and we haven't even opened
it because we just play Marvel legendary
but it's a it's like a star wars
battlefront game that's supposed to be
really good and I found one for a decent
price I bought it and haven't even taken
the plastic off it yeah like because
we're obsessed with Marvel legendary
what's and that that and The Wizard the
VIS elusive levels the basil Basil's
okay that's that's what we've been
playing recently I know board game wise
I should be getting the Dark Souls board
game and start shipping sometime soon
then your new we were to do that we
played the blood-borne Oh like the
blood-borne card game once which I agree
I feel like it needs a rule tweak yeah
um but the Dark Souls game should be
coming should start shipping soon oh is
that what it's called rebellion Star
Wars rebellion Digger blue who says like
the 4x game there's a there's a there's
a Star Wars game in the vein of Master
of Orion oh really
yeah called rebellion he was like that I
forget what it's called because I
haven't played it it's supposed to be
very good and it comes with fun little
figures captain blue 42 says classic
Star Trek question fuck marry kill
Kirk Picard Janeway also any plans on
playing or streaming ukulele if you
never played a banjo kazooie game I'd
understand you saying no oh you cook
that's the it's the new banjo cuz we
like game that knows out on the switch
okay okay
no no I'm not I've no plans on streaming
that uh reports are that it's not very
and it's one of those run around and
collect all the things games which in
general I'm not interested in and for
fuck marry kill who has a Kirk Picard
and Jenny because I'm because I'm
heterosexual it's Janeway for all three
you're gonna you're gonna fuck her
you're gonna marry her and then you're
gonna kill her
yeah but I got a killer to some
heterosexual get a killer because you
know it's Voyager but the first two
first two because I'm a heterosexual you
know I got off I gotta point that out
and have some murder fetish that would
be weird
sure not unheard of though not unheard
of LA HD says hey guys just saw evil
good too in a local theater for defense
hey are there any movies that excite you
guys when they are brought back to
theaters any movies you'd wish you could
travel back to see Wrath of Khan saw
that the big screen once that's me we am
I am I don't know that's a good question
that's a good question oh yeah wanna be
a good movie to see with an audience
right that's the question to see with an
audience I'd love to see like a I'd love
to see something like Big Trouble in
Little China with an audience just to
see where they all react I'd love that
hmm like a modern-day audience watching
Big Trouble in Little China are you
gonna cheer the same things I cheer at
SLAC EB movie like that Raiders of the
Lost Ark that can be a fun one
Ghostbusters maybe maybe you know I'd
just be nice to sit on the big screen
right like not necessarily with a not
yeah I think that's two different
questions it's like what do you want to
see with an audience and what do you
want to see on the big screen
singing the room that audience is also
great pens about how loud they are you
can get an obnoxious crowd to the point
where you just you can't enjoy the movie
right I remember when I got really big
here we forever was we took to see it
for like the first time and you
literally couldn't hear a fucking thing
that said the movie because the audience
because the audience was too busy doing
their thing you know right that's the
room I get oh it's a b-movie right
there's so many people and it was so
loud you didn't understand why the movie
was special in the first place right
right yeah I actually would not want to
see the room with a crowd well mostly
because I haven't seen it but even even
after I saw it I wouldn't want to see
with the crowd and like that's I want to
watch it make my own jokes though the
room was good to see with a smaller
crowd yeah you need a group you need a
group you need a group preferably a grew
a group who hasn't seen it
how exposing my brothers to that the
first time that was fun as a fun night
oh oh I have a thing crocodile brain
says long time no tip guys how did I
miss the boat on rogue legacy the
Castlevania style roguelike it's so
awesome any chance of a stream in the
future keep up the great work
yeah you stream that before right I have
I have I
rogue legacy is a really interesting
roguelike game it's it's a roguelike
game that also goes to great pains to
diminish the roguelike elements there's
a place where you can level up things
and those level ups continue for your
next runs there's a way to lock the
castle so it's the exact same thing
every time you go in yeah
it's neat it's not my favorite roguelike
I don't know what this thing is but I'm
just carrying it around because oh okay
good grub but ton good grub Minami ah mi
add whatever the fuck your name is
why do you think people find it hard to
see flaws and stuff that they like ie
Star Wars fans did you guys face
criticism about stuff you like and found
it hard to accept sometime in the past
oh that's a fair question that's a fair
question
I'm trying to think
something that you liked and so it was
hard to take criticism of it because you
liked it
what you got rich I got nothing jack hmm
hmm let me think let me think on this
for a second and I don't know if this is
just because of this or I will say this
isn't necessarily because of fanboy ISM
but I genuinely love action schlock
stuff like bad boys bad boys - yeah face
off like those kind of really cheesy
action movies I just enjoy and so when
people criticize them I don't know I
guess like I understand I just don't
care or it's like that fun I don't know
I don't know if that counts as fanboy
ism yeah I know if I've ever really had
the fanboy mentality like like even you
know like it's big spider-man fan when
they started doing the Clone Saga stuff
instead of saying well it's spider-man I
just stopped reading yeah like I hate
what they're doing I'm out of here
fuck y'all have a nice day you too oh oh
look it just left me floating there oh
that's not what I wanted I was hoping if
I got on a piece of it it would take me
up there when it reef we figured um that
didn't work I think I'm too cynical to
be a fanboy Jack
I'm trying to say my cynicism powers
have made me immune to stupidity I did
um let's see here you know what I I this
this counts now this is not a movie
example define fanboy please when you
put a logo above quality yes and and
here's my example I am admittedly a huge
Apple fanboy okay Apple computers versus
Windows computers I think Apple is a
quality company that puts out quality
products for that reason I stuck with
apples editing software Final Cut Pro
well beyond when there were better
alternatives and I would much much like
chain Mike I would not listen to other
people when it came to other editing
software nope Final Cut and and I would
delude myself like oh they have an
updated final kind of well they're gonna
make an update no they're gonna make an
update and like they're just working on
other stuff
well then right now they're working on
iPhone stuff is is but they're gonna do
an update i deluded myself into thinking
like I was the battered husband no
they're no they haven't they haven't
paid attention to Final Cut Pro and so
long but they they that means they're do
right there do to make an update
eventually I got over that and switched
over to Adobe Premiere but for a long
time I was a hardcore fan boy Oh
Final Cut somebody somebody in the gen
yeah saying rich aren't you a Star Trek
fan boy oh no cuz I am perfectly willing
to be critical sure you're very critical
avoid if I were a Star Trek fan boys I
would love Star Trek first contact
I hate Star Trek first contact oh if you
were a Star Trek fan boy you would love
Voyager enterprise sure sure even well
you're just a TNG fanboy but you don't
like season one like season one nice and
this this is fly that's a flaw you know
I don't like these movies instructions
okay
can fanboys not be critical I'd say yes
I'd say that's the difference between a
fan and a fanboy under way we have to
define fanboy I think is the problem
what is what is the definition of fanboy
I think yeah the the definition of
fanboy is is anyone who's unwilling to
give real criticism yeah and you know
you can be critical of something but
also enjoy it like you know it like
horizon zero dawn right you are critical
of it but still enjoyed it but I'd like
to have some criticism of it a fanboy
will have no criticisms of it or will
deflect criticism well Star Wars rogue
ones there were some minor character
problems but and then go into the
fanboys right so you you have to be
willing to look past criticisms to be a
fanboy
aha I got it
but rich fan stems from fanatic people
use words differently the definition of
words evolved throughout time yeah if
you don't believe me let me go outside
and grab a small bundle of sticks if you
say fan boy is not willing to give real
criticism then yeah I am definitely not
a fanboy about anything yeah that's
that's what I'm gonna say the definition
is uh-oh
I'll find flaws and things I like I say
I enjoy it anyway but you know like this
and this could be better yeah that's how
I'm going to define it I'm not sure if
that's like the official definition you
know I love the Zelda breath of Wow but
ya know the weapons really could have
stood to be more durable maybe they
could have done that you know I don't
hate the breaking mechanic I really
don't
but ya know I'll agree for durable
ability yeah yeah that criticism I can
do it yeah
anonymous says French bah ignore those
naysayers who point out your dodgy
craftsmanship
what about a press your luck style board
I'm not a fucking electrical engineer
there's there's no way I could build a
fucking pressure luck board like a
digital display of lights that go around
the button that stops them so uh do we
need an assessment what makes the wheel
of the worst fun G is funny is that it's
just a dingy fucking wheel mm-hmm it's a
big garbage real garbage we I know and
like I don't they didn't do a great job
of explaining like the original wheel
versus the new wheel but the original
wheel even though it was unbalanced to
have this wonderful look about it oh
shit that's what made it on palace
that's why I changed right it was
favoring the old wheel leaving two
wheels the same basically the same guts
the same frame the same stand the same
stance a frame same sign same base but
we changed the wheel once because the
original wheel was just designed to look
really funky like different types of
boards nailed together and the problem
with that was it greatly favored one
side right over the other but the two
boards together looked great they look
great the two different boards yeah kind
of awkwardly sawed together yeah I love
that the edges were all fucked up yeah
where do you draw the line between
critic and cynic though on the opposite
end of the spectrum what I'll be haters
indiscriminately knit well that's the
problem there's cynic and critic are
very similar hater is another thing like
a hater I'm trying to think of an
example like rich and I are critical of
the DC Cinematic Universe that doesn't
necessarily make us haters of it like we
won't go in hating there are people who
go in hating Marvel movies because
they're DC fanboys and I'm sure there
are people who go in hating DC v at this
point though after repeated experiences
with the DC EU style can you really say
you don't go in kind of like knowing to
expect the same kind of blog crap I've
had a depressing dark horse shit I go in
cynical okay it's born out of past
experience I would say yeah I go in
cynical and I'm critical I don't I don't
go in ready to hate which can you
criticize XCOM I cannon have their
fairly minor because you know I I think
just in general I I like most of what
they do but right here here's one okay
uh the new XCOM as much as I love the
tactical combat the the strategic layer
is not as deep as it was in the original
game though in the original game the
tactical battles are really tedious than
the god ball game basically got
micromanage II in the original makeup
Wow systems of XCOM
way to go right you did it
oh and and XCOM enemy uh the the reboot
yeah yeah the fucking end sucks the last
mission is garbage
and I know you've criticized the map
layout before that they weren't varied
enough you kind of knew were and yeah
after one I've pointed out things I
don't like yeah yeah well I was giving
another example you pointed out like
that after a while you just know where
enemies are gonna spawn and so's like
yeah I got a little yeah yeah just hell
just hello-o which yeah well this rax
shit shit
excuse me use me excuse me
Oh witchy woman aimless course Eris's I
remember watching back to the future a
personal favorite at an outdoor cinema
at a music festival once cheering along
with everyone when George laid out Biff
while Strunk was a wonderful time yeah
what are the movie-going experience has
changed a whole lot in the past five
years but still seeing seeing a big
movie trying to think of like a recent
comedy that I could have seen in the
theater cuz like those are the best in
the theaters when everyone laughs at the
same joke those are the best hmm like
seeing Keanu Something About Mary huh
Something About Mary
oh yeah I haven't seen many comedies in
the theater for whatever reason really
what yeah those are the best things to
see them to see in a theater did I do it
wrong
in the Star Wars Holiday Special video
did we mean for it to get off-topic or
did it just happen and you went for it
thanks how did that go down
did it just it just did it happen
organically it's just started at first
and then it eventually became a thing or
no we're not going to get back on topic
right yeah it said like it kind of
started as a joke because it was like
the holiday special was a little bland
er than we were all expecting yeah and
then at some point we knew it was the
joke and we have going with it it was by
the way it was a wonderful improv moment
because no one said it out loud like no
one made the call to be like hey guys
wait wait wait should we just do this
should we just like like not talk about
it like it was one of those things where
it naturally every single one of us
picked up on the joke and won and went
with it but then eventually after that
joke was done we all said hey hey guys
we actually have to we actually have to
talk about the holiday special now but
that was a I think at some point there
was discussion on whether or not we
should actually do an actual discussion
I think it got to that point right right
and we all agreed we should but if that
was a wonderful improv moment of just
every of everyone picking up on the same
joke that was great
I come from hence frosh says here's my
money take it will do thank you
I will take your Satanic six dollars and
66 cents doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo
fucking ethical I will spend it on
Eastern ah I'll spend it on Jesus eat it
huh well great you know what have you
ever been the only person in the theatre
to not not to find the movie funny it's
a bizarre feeling
closest I probably came was the
Ghostbusters reboot
not there was much laugher to begin with
right I mean I'm a laugher I enjoy
laughing so usually I'll be the one
laughing the only one laughing in a
theatre I've had the opposite be true
yeah hmm yeah
remember earlier in the stream I was
talking about that group of amateur
filmmakers who hung out the message
board and nobody was willing to
criticize each other's work and we all
made garbage yeah there was a
get-together and South Dakota up oh you
know where someone had rented out of
theater and we're actually playing all
of our movies and oh no the the
snobbiest most uh clueless group of
people there thought their movie was
some kind of artistic fucking
masterpiece that's laughing all
throughout the whole fucking thing
there's like the only one in the theater
cuz we read it out of theater of course
I'm just laughing at it in your rich
Evans laughs oh yeah oh yeah
only one group they're serious little
well yeah artists making shitty movie
with a VHS camera we're saying some
we're saying something important
don't you get it maybe it's a problem
you don't get it that's great oh that's
great did you watch any of the uh
Nintendo Direct today no no a Nintendo
Direct announcement large 3ds
announcement like a lot of 3ds titles
yeah which is you know no bragging about
zelda no bragging about zelda this was
just news a lot of lot of 3d a-- says
one of the most surprising is an RPG
maker
did they is coming to 3ds with online
capability so you can make your own RPG
and upload it to the to the web which i
thought was neat i wasn't a drama about
cancer they was trying to remember I
think it was
ramaa about the death penalty though and
and the jail cell was just their dorm
room with their movie posters hanging up
in the background I'm trying to remember
and I don't that's great
that's right Monster Hunter stories is
coming out but now RPG Baker looks
interesting like make your own
old-school RPG oh yeah I've heard that
yeah so that's coming to 3ds that seems
need yeah a bunch of splatoon 2news
amiibo bullshit zelda dlc they didn't
talk about any the dlc interesting they
talked about Oh what was it what was it
that's gonna have a bunch of DLC
Nintendo oh it's like a oh there's a
there's an Animal Crossing
I'm terrible of that then there's an
Animal Crossing RPG yeah yeah oh no I'm
sorry it's a me it's a me RPG oh one
caramel care about that and there's a
Kirby thing and which one they talked
about one of them that had like you
could buy you know this package with
this this package with this or the
season pass this is which have meas you
can make a me okay it hasn't bugged me
to make a me oh yeah yeah no anyway it
doesn't matter I got let me get a couple
tips in that I think it's time undertale
was made using RPG maker I don't see
that I could totally see that oh that's
adorable then that's great except for
the well actually I guess the bullet
help parts I wonder how they did that
yeah well anyway anyway here it was
alright great ketchup so we didn't read
the names oh sure sonic mousetrap says
just wanted to say maximum clone egde
killed my love of comic books for over
ten years
yep I still have the exact issue I'm
with you rich let's totally play I was
out before then
I was out when they had Peter Parker
slap Mary Jane across the room because
he found out he was the clone that fuck
it I'm done that was my that was my
moment that was totally the moment yeah
captain blue 42 says has there ever been
a movie or game where you thought it
would have been great if it wasn't
attached to an existing franchise my
example is the bureau which is an OK
game but a terrible XCOM game that would
require far more thought than I can give
it in a moment great if it wasn't
attached to an exist and by the way
don't tip we're done reading the tips
don't don't bother I'm not gonna read it
if it pops up that's an intro that's an
interesting question where it's like
something like for an example and this
is not a good example because I haven't
played it but that injustice fighting
game yeah it's like oh it might be a
good fighting game but I don't like the
idea of superheroes fighting together um
trying to think of that's so weird
because a lot of times like battalion is
what makes it important but like oh I
don't know I don't know that's that's oh
that's an interesting question take more
thought than we have right now yeah and
and yes chant Peter Parker beat his wife
with a superhero strength during the
Clone Saga the Clone Saga was awful
Lando was taken says did anyone at rlm
catch the new honest trailers for rogue
one if so did any of the jokes sound
familiar
I actually have not seen that I have not
seen that I don't not occasionally I'll
watch the honest trailers but it's not
like religious for like I'm subtly no
here's the new one yeah no I haven't I
haven't seen that you know what I did
watch today huh
so I need to I need to show you this
afterwards because it blew my mind and
I've watched it probably a dozen times
yep a drummer does a drum routine to the
end see
in of Willy Wonka and the Chocolate
Factory okay not to the music to the
dialogue okay okay I need to show you
this because it's blowing my fucking
mind
he drums the dialogue and it sounds like
it fits and then he has another one for
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia and I
watched them each a dozen times and it's
beautiful
speaking of just videos that I watched
it I thought I'd say that's all I got
that's all I got my cell again well it's
just here's the portion of the stream
where we read the names of people who
subscribed to our channel during the
stream it's true Ganga's born nine
twenty nine months in a row tard core
the red numbers jerath garros says six
months this is starting to get serious
heliosphere 1969 cinnamon says birds
gotta fly
Fish gotta swim hack frauds got a hack
fraud keep up the good work
shack soda turbo maestro Chesto says
haven't caught a stream in a while
welcome back John Elway's teeth says yay
three months rotoscoping says put this
filthy twitch money towards reviving the
wheel reckless for 30 fuckin months in a
row matured czar green for 28 fucking
months in a row says rich how many
showers did you need to take to wash
away that creepy sleeves from the worm
video that was disgusting but I really
didn't need a shower I was really gross
yeah lots of things in nature gross its
nature that's true factor smoke trees
says hey guys you don't need to play The
Witcher games in order any more than you
need to watch Indiana Jones & Order
which are one the game part is pretty
bad just
three missing it would be worse than
missing zelda breath of the wild or best
of the worst zelda best of the worst
Streicher 1 1 2 1 for 23 fucking months
in a row I almost I had a brain fart of
when we started the fucking part you've
got problems yeah
Streicher says have I told you lately
that I love you well if that's your way
of saying it striker we appreciate just
did you just know not the jugs Chernobyl
kinsman for twenty four fucking months
in a row two noble kinsmen says two
years two years two fucking years since
the dead rising is no death since the
dead rising no death run and it's
ill-fated crashes convinced me to throw
small amounts of money at you ah time uh
thanks for the cheap entertainment
Sven pay by census says a great magic
flying tiger says Oh hot damn Bayonetta
is my jam that was a really fun game
yeah like bayonet I think I might play
that more hair are young seventeen
months in a row hens afresh nineteen
months a neurosis I'm back welcome back
Anatole of RocknRolla a name that could
desperately use some capitalized letters
fortunately I'm a fan of Mad Max the
road warrior oh so you just read that
right I like I just couldn't read that
fast l ahd to dance
27 fucking months and roses rich
visiting the lonely on Easter is a more
Christian act than men
Christian's including I suspect myself
will be doing that day oh god bless you
and enjoy your Easter thank you very
much we show your Easter to Dax Pro leet
says eight months my god so close to a
year I want you to know I'm great
low dumb I guess and modem thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it I
really do I just like I like that bumper
Li was like I want to tell you that I'm
awesome
what a dickhead
