Episode 766
Reap What you D'oh (Shovel Knight: SoT part 1)
May 19, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rsclDhJSt3Y
___________________________________________

and their shovel light all right I'm
going to continue on things going on
chattering now this there's a thing
going on in the chat you're stepping on
the cord
Bayonetta Bayonetta she just like waitin
male masturbation sex fantasy material
or she just a character who embraces her
own sexuality I don't I don't I don't
think that Bayonetta is super fucking
hot or anything she can is she be both I
suppose yes good shoot I think I think I
think I think like um I don't know
damn fucking carrot Nier automata yeah
run around that bear wet ass yeah this
that's far more uh sex object kind of
deal
as you compared to bayonet agreed well
because as soon as far as in the first
couple of hours there was no hint of a
character of that hot wet ass in Nier
automata mm-hmm but Bayonetta she is she
has a clear character and part of her
character is embracing her own
femininity and God bless her Ford just
am I getting levels am i testing yeah
yeah yeah see your your belief in your
blooper mic sound bad
we sound weird we sound weird that's
what I'm hearing sound is really bad is
it I wasn't recording the camera are we
getting here are we set up properly with
the subject wait we recently used the
microphones and our audio recording
equipment for something else
ah yeah so it's entirely possible
something except wrong mics it sounded
like a phone mic well that's not how
it's supposed to be which makes me
wonder if we're not recording audio from
the fucking cam uh you know what it
looks like we actually are I alright
sound quality about to get better
okay what what what what in the butt
okay I just switched over to our h6 and
so tell me if everything sounds normal
now
yes fixed hey welcome there we go sorry
about that everyone it's it's not quite
a prereq stream unless we're either late
or there's a technical difficulty and we
weren't that late today it wasn't that
big a technical issue because you solve
it real quick that well you know the
grand scheme of things still pretty good
we've been doing this long enough that's
a Bayonetta what we were talking about
was Bayonetta Rich's question was wishy
purely a fanservice sex object or did
you say a a well-realized character who
happens to enjoy her sexuality that's
what she is
100% she is a a fully she is a deep
character because I like that character
yeah and it's not because I think she's
hot I think she's a fun care you know
what there's an added bonus that's icing
on the cake that's there's there's
plenty of shots of her walking away that
I enjoy but you know what it doesn't
matter because they gave her a full
character okay she she has up she has
downs we know what her goals are we know
where she comes from and we know that
she embraces her own womanhood I am NOT
eating the mic mic is like two feet from
my goddamn face it's Rich's magical
voice yeah
rich has a magical voice so so no no the
she's a whoa a great character she's a
wonderful character okay we did play
ignite already so what we want to do is
Specter night
specter of torment that's what we're
playing tonight ah she literally looks
like a Barbie do you find a Barbie to be
sexually attractive is my question to
you it's an exaggeration it's a
character it's not a turn-on
okay esse Sara Lee I'm gonna be ghosty
her character wait is that supposed to
be a negative thing
I is just a debate it's the debate about
whether or not Bayonetta is a sex object
or something I don't know
but see that like that's that's so
that's the thing is like Bayonetta is
not a sex object a sex object is
something that has no life of its own
right it exists only only to be used
exactly that's what an object is in
Bayonetta is a character who happens to
be saying that he uses huh Bayonetta
uses shit yeah she does she's great
bayonet is great
bayonet is fantastic that's that's you
know that was one of my favorite parts
is just just her as a character yeah
yeah long ago the lands were untamed and
room by legendary adventurers and you
know she wears her hair that's kind of
disgusting really well switch it switch
hair which I really don't know like we
don't know like if that's like if it's
better than the other hair you know
they're not gonna be happy unless it's
her armpit hair ooh
Bayonetta she if she were wearing her
armpit hair then it would be fine we
have to assume some of its her armpit
hair I mean she if she can grow it out
that means she can suck it back in -
right ever really changed the game
wouldn't it but I mean if you think
about it you never see her hair attached
to her you see it going like a portal
it's like she she like lifting her arms
and the hair we're going into like two
little portals when she'd heard her
demon attacks that would be different
well know what here's here's my thought
is I'm thinking that her outfit is her
armpit and nether hair okay because it's
not connected to her top hair at all and
then she has to suck it in is huh it is
it doesn't look like it is it goes it
goes part of it center bundle in part
goes back down into her shoulders where
it kind of merges in with her outfit I
guess I didn't pay that much attention
whoo-hoo okay look you can climb up
walls but so now with with plague nights
an issue I had with it it was there was
the exact same maps yeah just with plug
night oh you can only climb up these
walls and I was told that with this
there are new maps so I'm excited about
that
so what is this call this is a shovel oh
did you do in that update Jamie we
didn't have take charity
oh I thought we were on top of it shovel
Mairead this is uh this is a specter of
torment is the name of this
the master yes we both did we both we
both beat Bayonetta yeah in general I
don't know jack yeah how did you know I
love the character do you want to spin
you on spoiler before the road before it
comes out I love that you sure I love
the character okay I love I love the
idea of fast paced action game I just
didn't find that many of the actual
combat encounters that's satisfying
overall not a fun enemies to fight this
is annoying this annoying class swipey
guys came up a lot yep I did not like
fighting like angel boats angel boats
this big angel go that Oh God
uh and most of the boss fights I didn't
care much for because most of the boss
fights turned into repetitive wait for
your moment and then part do a quick
time event yeah overall the only saving
grace to Bayonetta
is the wonderful character of Bayonetta
it is super repetitive it is long
stretches of boring it gets old really
fast without the good character this
would have been this would have been a
forgotten I like the the Shawn fights oh
the jean fights are fantastic not not
but not not technically the last boss
right running boss right before the last
boss I like that fight yeah fucking a
lot of QuickTime events in the boss
fights very unsatisfying trip try
refreshing I had just updated twitch
yeah sorry about that
we we thought we were intelligent you've
all got the email that we were playing
that we were playing a are we playing
last time always hated the Angels in
Bayonetta they would look great if it
was a comic but they're too obnoxious
and weird that's actually close to a
biblical description of an angel though
they're supposed to
horrific and fearsome angels are not
supposed to be beautiful uh-huh that's
if you think that because of
Michelangelo paintings but but if you
look at the fiction uh there's the
hideous monstrous some of them have like
three heads and like a lion and an eagle
I like their they're not humans with
wings right and you know what I actually
really liked the Angels the problem was
that's all you fought for 90% of the
game that that opening scene you know we
we did that live that that opening scene
where you're first fighting the Angels
that was super fun they come down and
the other beasts as great but how about
some fucking variety
oh fuck you but rich just call the Bible
fiction what else would you call it
damn we're gonna play a little story
game called rich in jacker unapologetic
atheist we've talked about this many
times it's not a big deal
and it's really not a big deal we try
not to get militant unless you bring it
up so try not to bring it up oh I like
the little skull fangs I like those like
those little jumpy parts ah fuck you too
what okay I get it
been in the two fixes all the issues you
have with it you know what I would be
really interested in playing Bayonetta 2
because I think some of some of Vendetta
was good there was a lot of good in
there like her characters yeah yeah one
of our one of our biggest problems again
this is a little spoiler for the review
that's about to come out is there were
too many combo options and a lot of them
none of them were useful well I think
the biggest problem was there was no
space to practice your combos because
the game the game had this this area
where you were supposed to practice your
combos during the loading screens but
the game loaded too fucking fast and so
you could never practice your combos and
so it just there we go nice I just
wanted to I wanted a blank area to
practice all my combos and I never got
that you could have redone the tutorial
whatever bro give it make it make this
tutorial button a button to get out
instead of automatically getting out
once you load it they give you all of
those moves all like like this spin
thing you could do and it would you'd be
able to do the 360 gun that was never
useful that was all that was never
useful yeah I agree
the you would breakdance
yep and you would do like the two short
combos a lot cuz that's what would kind
of work yeah you know it's just it was
just about how can you get to that hair
combo to quickest to sort my mice or I
use the sword a lot so I'm like my
basically for me it was all just why why
why why why mm-hm sometimes why why why
why why why a or B oh fuck fuck oh
what you didn't want to play the game
six or seven times to master everything
for shape no I you know why I didn't
want to do that because it got really
boring and repetitive really boring and
repetitive and we're already going
through the same levels one four or five
times with different skins so then you
replay the game and then you're going
through the same levels a dozen times oh
oh my god nice suck and I think I even
said in the review I don't know what's
gonna leave it in that like mastery
could have been the issue still still
sure my first time through certainly not
that said I'm not a I'm not like I hated
it but you know not that satisfying yeah
it really it really wasn't and you know
what it like the boss fights let
definitely leave a sour taste
nothing nothing changes the fact that I
don't like most of the major boss fights
and and that's a huge part of the game
and like it leaves a sour taste shit
neo xed says hey guys keep up the fun
stuff I was wondering how you guys ended
up having Tim hydaker over for that
episode of half in the bag was he
familiar with you guys before how'd that
come about Mike and jr. really the one
thing I don't know how that came about
because I wasn't involved in like any of
the communication the actually that day
I think I had something else going on
somewhere else and I wasn't even here I
also wasn't here yeah
what I can what I know for sure is that
Tim and Neil hamburger were doing a tour
and they were in Milwaukee as part of
their tour I don't want to say anything
cuz like I said I didn't really have any
communication with them personally but I
think I'm just a fan of our stuff wanted
to go just do a little something helps
out yeah I think that's all that was oh
absolutely and and they just happened to
be in town and yeah happened to have a
free day and it just it worked out
work down that way that wasn't a that
wasn't a have our people call your
people situation that was just that hey
I'd be really neat if we could do this
and it worked out one of the one of the
downsides of working out of Milwaukee is
uh is not a lot of people come through
here screech uh we got you we got
screech and sometimes people come
through on tour RC MCM e84 says hey guys
can't stay tonight
here's some money towards the save the
wheel fun hahahaha what what will happen
to the wheel I have known I mean it's
it's in the garbage as far as you know
the real it's the last it's the last
wheel episode was the last one it's
lasted so I'm sorry I know people enjoy
it a lot yeah and those episodes are
liked but we're never gonna do it again
because because the wheel broke weirdly
in half
that is so fucking odd right the way it
broke oh nice
mr. says hey guys hi mister I used to
live two blocks from the Avalon in
Milwaukee it's a great theater so I'm so
so glad I moved out of WI awful weather
Cryptosporidium in the water well that
that's like a decade ago yeah and
everyone was miserable
how can you stand it you could barely it
wasn't my fucking idea to come up here
maybe you were just hanging out with
dickheads I don't know I got the fever
after crack that's that's on you man
there is a comical amount of state pride
it was good yeah every snow it's not
Illinois doesn't give a fuck about the
state we like people in Chicago you
think they give the Illinois still
Illinois that you know you know you
don't think no I grew up there I know
but maybe that's a weird thing for us
then but hey I'm okay with that
tell someone up here I'm originally from
Chicago they look at you like
disgustedly well you are Sports rival
you know you know III meet someone from
Wisconsin when I lived in Illinois yeah
oh let's not miss my husband is a nice
up there someone from up here finds out
it from Illinois the bear shock okay
it's called a bubbler I think people up
here you you they like to call water
fountains bubblers bubblers yeah cuz the
water bubbles up from them no it doesn't
there is no bubbling at all involved
with a water fountain II like bubbles up
no it doesn't i like it like bwabba--
live the bubbler it's like a spring like
a phone there are absolutely no bubbles
involved no bubbling action no gurgling
a stream it's a fucking stream that
shoots out when you push in the lever
bubble and then you don't get confused
with what a real water fountain is water
fountain is you know like something
that's in a park with water coming out
of it that's water found as a fountain
with water in it like that's a real
water fountain
there we go that's how I did it that's
how I do I've been trying to get that
Skellington so from what we use this for
last is my volume actually turned up too
high on the knobs no it's everything
everything show you sure everything
should be is it's between five and six
which is where we always have it at
people still complaining that your
sellout
yeah okay hey someone say tell me is
rich significantly louder than me or are
we both just loud and if we're both just
loud you can turn your sound down right
dream a good dream root ek saying volume
all good then I'm not gonna worry about
rich you're too quiet it's great sounds
great
okay I've heard enough people say it's
great where it's fine great I'm gonna be
fine
but I don't know i-i've oh I like buddy
you know I grew up over here so it's
like I'm not also not married to calling
it a bubbler but that's what's like as
that makes sense to me
it's a bubbler so basically people from
Wisconsin are snobby about being from
Wisconsin yeah again I just think I
don't get it you're just right don't
kittens that's not all people from
Wisconsin you're just running in my
asshole's and you know like what if you
lived right by the Avalon in that's like
hipster neighborhood so yeah maybe you
ran into some assholes but you know
that's going to happen no matter where
you live the hassles are everywhere
there's not a lot you can do about it we
chat we tried the compressor it didn't
work the compressor did not work yeah if
you if chat remembers and obviously you
don't the compressor gave an unbearable
hum to everything if you remember we
tried a compressor and then there was an
awful hum
a buzzing-noise which could have been
ants in the compressor we found out that
the compressor had ants in it do you
remember that man everybody used
compressor a gun Jack I think that's the
lesson learned here hey it was our first
time using it I didn't want to like I
didn't want to like spend a bunch of
money on something that I would end up
waste you know like nice death metal
6-1-6 get on my back because they had
ants in it this is rich today I watched
recipe for disaster on YouTube what
exactly was going on in that movie was
it supposed to be abstract curious what
you and Mike were trying to accomplish
we're trying to accomplish Mike was in
town and he likes to just put me on
camera and do weird things yeah that's
what Mike enjoys doing for this free
time apparent no Mike has made a career
out of that rich I'm sorry that's no
longer a hobby for Mike that is bidness
that hum meant everything to me
hmm oh yeah there's someone someone was
remembering the hum a Leon the hum of
the ooh what oh my god
what he's got a dinosaur now that's
great
get out of here Black Knight you dick
I've got decent mile track
you might be you might be fuck jack oh
that's possible now you're doing good
you're doing good I don't know Oh stay
on target
stay on target Moki b85 says hi wreckers
hello
Moki watching some past periodic
episodes like the order 1886 that's
growing remember that shit
yeah final boss fight was a recycled
QuickTime event and ends on a gunshot
cut to black like what tough what the
fuck with love Moki
oh the order Oh God
here's here's the great thing I will say
about the order because it was so short
we were able to play the whole thing
film an episode and get it out and
relatively short amount of time we
didn't have to worry about no darn 20
hours of gameplay there
insulin King 2016 says evening guys
RiffTrax did samurai comp last week and
it was great but they came up with a
rocking action theme song and the lyrics
are killer oh you should check it out if
you can stay great right
right ain't got nothing against the
RiffTrax people no I they involved with
the Mystery Science Theater reboot
Reeves revival er I mean I know it's a
fairly the cast and the writers are all
fairly new I think some of the old
people might be involved I honestly
don't know because I've never been a
huge fan and I haven't seen the right
right so lots of nose in the chat what
I'm severe attract people yeah well cuz
rift rack and cinematic titanic were
both old former Mystery Science Theater
people right so if if I know anything
and I don't know hello what
Damon I know people says rich and Jake
injustice fun fact number one injustice
you can play as Steven was it our nose
or ml's
green arrow I think it's ml's Arsenal's
could be an RNN or could be an EM you
know we don't really know was a little
little small a little bump a PS walk for
science rich what's the deal with all
the walk for science thing I know they I
know there was a thing
yeah there's I don't know what it was oh
it's it was it's just one of those uh
the idea behind it is a big showing of
support for evidence-based policies okay
so good it was just one of those one of
those things I like anger and get behind
that you know like obviously like with
the Trump administration they're kind of
gutting the EPA Environmental Protection
Agency's and Trump himself is a climate
change denier and so it was just one of
those hey what if we used evidence in
our policy
um I'm not many rush to get involved
with politics but I science yeah yeah
and I went to the walk here in Milwaukee
it's it's our best method of
understanding the world around us right
and and history's proven that we've
gotten many great benefits out of
science ah yes the fact that you're
watching this right now is because of
science science exactly that's not Jesus
didn't do that hey Jesus didn't give you
your your fucking iPhone that was
science we we also we respect your right
to your faith and you know your beliefs
are your beliefs as long as they don't
wreck our day you can believe whatever
you want as long as it doesn't fuck with
us so it was a here in Milwaukee
actually a large amount of people turned
out a shocking amount of people turned
out and it started kind of downtown by
the by the the rep and basically we just
walked we walked a fair distance in a
circle yeah
and are there people there talking there
were you know like community if sign up
events there were like hey get on the
phone call list to call Congress people
it was it was a really nice event
everybody had amusing signs ran into a
lot of people melius and the boys went
okay they got a little bored after a
while because they thought we were going
to look for science and we kept trying
to explain to them like no science isn't
like a glowing ball that we can find the
science is everywhere and they're like
yeah but on the walk we're gonna find
science right it's like well that's not
huh hey quick science is a pokemon
exactly they thought that was on so and
so it was just like well kind of but not
oh how do you explain that to children
to dumb children so it was just they got
a little bored after a while but a wild
anthropology has appeared all they would
have been different
it would have been so happy no
anthropology you know what I should have
I should have busted out the only for
Astrophysics I want a shiny astrophysics
okay you know what can I just can I just
let him go the the anthropologists
should we should have bought I got I got
I got three of those two worthless
they're worthless they're worthless
I should have you know what I didn't
think about it I should have busted out
the Pokemon go I didn't think about him
brace 110 says hey fellow atheists let
me ask you what is your genuine opinion
about AdBlocker
honestly look at it as a consumer not
creator very curious to know thanks I
want so so here here's the ups and downs
yeah here's here's what we got abs do
like as a YouTube ads do very little for
us yeah
but they still do something I think we
talked about this before like you're
talking about like a buck about every
thousand views not a lot maybe like if
you're lucky if you're lucky you get a
buck a thousand views right which is not
a lot of money but the reason you're
doing that you're getting so low is
because so many people use ad blockers
that being said you're messing up the
system you're messing up the numbers
you're messing up you're messing up
everything I don't know how I can best
explain this well as an atheist my
opinion an ad blocker would be
absolutely no different where is East ah
thank you that's the first thing I don't
think I need to plan on us I love to be
like ah a rich what is this the thing we
want to uh I know I I don't use one but
any any any YouTube ad that doesn't
entertain me I'm very quick to hit the
skip button
absolutely well and advertisers are
starting to learn that and they're
starting to get more clever with their
ads and more importantly they're
starting to get shorter and to the point
but ads don't really do anything
mm-hmm it's really hard you know as
someone who has created advertisement
for the web and created pre-roll ads
that like I've done that in the past
where it's like we have to make some
short and to the point so people don't
skip it right then tracking it what the
other side of ad agencies do is they
track ad views to tangible results like
if a hundred people view this ad how
many of those people will go to our
website so few of the ads I see are
things I would actually be interested in
purchasing anyway that's the problem
yeah and then it's it's it's like so-so
but that's part of what Google does is
like they try to with algorithms figure
out what people want to see which ads
but it's still a it's a big gamble and
so the ad industry is is you know in a
constant state of flailing not all ads
are skippable yeah but they're usually
very short I'll put up a 15 seconds I'll
put up with that
I mean I'm old though I remember
actually having to deal with commercial
pranks like when I used to watch the
Discovery Channel you know back when
they actually had worthwhile content
yeah oh god they were the worst with
commercials
can you remember like how much of myth
myth busters was you see like a minute a
show you get fifty of the five minutes
of fucking advertisement you know then
they come back to the show thirty
seconds is fucking recap of the shit
they just did then you get thirty
seconds a new content then you get
another fucking five minute block of
commercials
oh I remember so relatively speaking
yeah fifteen seconds ain't nothin
fifteen seconds and sometimes that's for
like like fur for us I run for our cut
up streams I run one ad every half an
hour so if we if we have a you know at
the beginning and ever then every half
an hour at the end so if we have a
two-hour stream on YouTube what are you
getting there one two three four five
you're getting five five commercials for
two hours that's nothing okay nothing
so and just just remember this is how
people make money and if you want the if
you want the shows if you want the shows
to you know keep being shows the the
least you could do is view ads on them
mmm and then and then you have to start
talking about stuff like you know
patreon and and the tips for us and
doing others to buying merchandise is
super important like there's so many
things that you can do to help a creator
but the least you could do is ads and so
you're going out of your way to hurt
creators with that black adblock is
going out of your way to hurt creators
but if you're actually going on your way
to support them block those fucking ads
on a give a shit
you know what I will say this there are
there are some people who like like I'm
a patron of something right and they
still run ads on their YouTube videos
and you have to go come on come I'm
looking at you red letter media and you
should have like why you running ads you
you have you have the support that you
need I shouldn't be seeing an ad i I'm
just joking I don't for hacks and frauds
your hats and prods oh I don't support
red letter media on patreon so let's you
know well that's why we have ads Jack
cuz I mean
what what the threat of them being able
to demonetised video or someone else
being able to swoop in and monetize your
video you know it makes a lot of sense
to not be dependent on those ads makes a
lot of sense
oh well and and you which is why the
other things are important for the for
the food for the content creators oh
right well and and you know as far as
ads are concerned playing uh so many
like youtubers who I follow have talked
about like playing the YouTube game
about you know getting content out fast
like this is end and cheap like reaction
videos you know those Collider videos
that everyone seems to love to hate that
the nerd crew rips on it's like that's a
way to get content out fast let's play
videos the whole the whole uprising of
let's play videos is literally part of
this system of getting content out every
single day that's easy to edit huh with
recognizable things like a video game
that you love which is why I YouTube
channel is doing so well we don't really
Let's Plays right new live streams are
very different very different very very
different but but yeah obviously we got
into the game a little late yeah uh and
you know we're we're weird jack I'm not
sure who we appeal to right really these
people these people I'm not sure why but
the the moral of the story here is if
you use ad blocker what you are you are
going out of your way to hurt content
creators and if that's something you
want sure but I don't know why I don't
know why these people give you
entertainment and all they ask for is a
little bit of your time David I know
people since rich can you sell me the
comics please how do I get in touch
oh so is someone still asking for your
comic book collection I don't know that
I'm getting I don't even know that I am
getting rid of them yet
so you're premature if I ever actually
do decide to get rid of them you'll
probably hear about it oh just think
there we go
Oh nothin interesting no it's just like
stats yeah just that's what you find
purple space bazooka says evening guys
apologies that this is asked earlier in
the stream height but you will you be
playing the new Mario Kart and stream
I'm getting it soon and we'd love to be
a part of a prereq racing night thanks
I feel two ways this entirely up you
right I feel two ways about this range
yeah
one I kind of want the new Mario Kart
yeah
not because it'll be anything different
than the old Mario Kart but because my
kids play my Wii U all the time so I can
have a play Mario Kart it and so it's
like just getting a copy that I can play
Mario Kart on would be great but also
the mario kart mario kart deluxe Mario
Kart 8 deluxe is nothing but the old
Mario Kart with a DLC package on it hmm
and I hate that and I hate that
that being said I'm probably I mean you
know what and if we stream it then I can
definitely justify getting it so yes
absolutely answers yes
are they coming up and for all on one
thing we've never we've never done smash
have we not no never
not once there is no announcement for a
Super Smash Brothers no oh well then
just wait it'll it'll be O of course
it'll it'll be it'll be the exact one
that came out with for the Wii U with
some DLC added on top no hey nobody
bought that version I let it go to waste
Jack what I think get the choose who you
fight interesting I think
says the overworld map gone in this
apparently interesting interesting but
it wouldn't be fair I've never played
smash and you're you're you're you're
fairly enthusiastic about it I like
smash a lot I mean I would make for a
great Jack punching bag that stream well
that's what that'll be fine
oh yeah sure well yeah well that'll be
fine and you know what we can probably
get we can probably get some they'll
probably have some sort of online play
where we can get people to play with us
what what characters do Jack and rich
main in brawl well I haven't played
smash anything since I rented the very
first one on n64 once when I was much
younger and he really cared for really
much it's loud to me it's a it's a
fantastic fighting game because of the
sumo rules bullshit well I'm a
single-player guy and right until I
until I met you none of my friends were
in the game Mike and Jay don't give a
shit right well well we're gonna change
that rich ah that was always to be the
fun thing about smash as compared to
other fighting games in Smash goes by
sumo rules which is you know not not who
can just defeat the most not who can
defeat the most hit points but who can
throw the other player out of the arena
and hit points just make them easier to
throw the arena so it adds this this fun
like a visceral feel to it just like
smacking your opponent outside of the
arena is incredibly satisfying
until box of doom says hey guys my
girlfriend is huge our Ellen fan but
she's really sick tonight it would mean
a lot if you could say feel better uni
pronounced uni oh that's right I got a
right thank you guys and hashtag rich
suck my cock hashtag and we hash tagging
this I got a hashtag rich suck my cock
which not gonna happen I'm not gonna
happen
yeah rich doesn't swim Ellen but your
girlfriend wouldn't mind map I mean also
your girlfriend's listening in he just
said that she's listening in so it's
like are you sure you want to make this
proposition think about that man hey
they could be into some kinky shit check
oh I think I don't think I can go there
huff hearted says good evening rich and
Jack good evening
in college I once was asked to play in a
weird band that played songs from video
game levels mostly from Super Metroid
what is your favorite video game music
slash soundtrack you know while I enjoy
the classics my answers is usually is
usually the risk of rain soundtrack
which is a soundtrack that I just
listened to
shit shit shit on my own I'm assuming
these would have to be able I couldn't
pick like the grand theft auto san
andreas soundtrack yeah the scores right
that's right your scores it's not it
that's not an easy question I know it's
not amazing the intro music from the NES
Ninja Gaiden 2 did wait that's the first
one I don't know they're both those are
both got the intro song from folk those
games are good first one goes more like
the dead end dead end dude it did it did
two dead it turnitin dead antenna that
was good
alright the second one goes this is
disgust slow built up to epicness dun
dun
Oh dun dun dun da da
don't I just go more epic every time
they go through it and oh what's what's
what how's it go the one from Mega Man 2
I get it stuck in my head for weeks at a
time and now I can't even think how it
frickin goes it's like this first or
second wily stage and it's like the best
megaman music ah you got me man
you know what game i always forget about
when we talk about great video game
soundtracks is a kata mari de Maseeh yep
that's a fucking wonderful soundtrack no
no no no no no no no I got a Maori
diamond tintin tintin tintin every song
is you know at least for the first for
the first game like every song was this
weird quirky thing also Japanese and
weird is great that was a great
soundtrack Oh
whoa I like a lot of it No More Heroes
music ah you would know for a while I
like those games whoa
I've admitted that a lot of the appeal
for No More Heroes to me it's it's it's
it's characters and and cutscenes and
music makes up for gameplay which isn't
the best it's good it's decent a good
character can go a long way
looking at you Bayonetta a good
character can go a long way to redeem
negative qualities of a game or movie
right like or anything
I know oh hello
yes Philistine Philistine is a great
song a No More Heroes - but I can't sing
it and I should not sing it sounds like
this is something you should sing as I
guess what I'm hearing oh shit oh shit
basically it's the boss a song and
basically it's about how she's very hot
and how he's such a loser that's kind of
how the lyrics go if I'd saying that it
would just be weird on so many levels
it sounds like yeah there's something
you should sing yeah I guess is what I'm
hearing
this sounds like a perfect rich Evan
songs please don't sing it read ciao
I have no intention of singing
Philistine
[Laughter]
JRR Lovecraft says yep
when people are told a bearded white man
in a bathrobe is watching and judging
everything they think and do that person
should call the police not worship them
as infallible I thought you're talking
about Santa Claus for a little bit well
you know is there really all that much
difference you want to talk about you
know what rich you want to talk about
one of the greatest backfires of all
time Christmas yeah
oh the Christians thought they were
gonna lock everyone down well get Santa
Claus will get presents
everybody's gonna celebrate Christmas
and remember Jesus her ultimate backfire
people love giving gifts they love Santa
what's what's wait what's waiver on this
occasion huh oh hey guess what I'm
making an epic fail compilation
Christmas gave Bill Riley something to
go on and on about you know back and he
was still employed ah
before he selects really harassed a
bunch of women fluctuate I said Bill
O'Reilly likes being inappropriate with
women now floors 94 for this cos on much
longer sees lucky Jack but what adds
what and fuck adds yes that's how we
make money dog we can't lose now all we
can do about the situation tips and sub
says no ads are part of it sure that's a
part of it I'm saying if you're helping
us out and you want to block some man
alright the you know the entire the
problem is then you're throwing all the
analytics that make a point of being a
subscribers they don't get ads right but
here's here's where here's where the
logic starts to me yeah yeah let's let's
have an extreme example okay let's say
all of our YouTube viewers decide to
become a subscriber to us
and so are all of our YouTube viewers
then say okay then it is okay for me to
block sure ads on YouTube sure we don't
get a ton of views right but every
single viewer then so none of our videos
make any money for us on YouTube or more
important at that point we're getting
1,000 more subs than we were before
I'm just about to get to it yeah more
importantly who's not making money in
this occasion in this equation YouTube
YouTube that's true and then that's true
and then you have a lot of big channels
doing the same thing and then you - and
oh you tubes on by Google it doesn't
matter but it does matter because that's
the platform in which you watch it cuz
if they're not making any more money and
YouTube they have no incentive to keep
YouTube around that's that's the most
side the box click and Jack that's not
outside the box thinking YouTube is not
very profitable yeah
like Google is Google is incredibly
profitable profitable but YouTube is not
very profitable and it's a really great
way to watch and share videos if you
stop if you block all of our ads on
Twitch and you give us tips through a
third party that twitch doesn't get a
piece of guess who doesn't want to host
our videos anymore twitch chat if we're
first in talking about this it's because
you're still asking us about they're
still bring us up and and this is
something I did not bring this up this
is something that's really important to
me at least because it's you know how I
make money and everybody love fucking
loves to talk about adblock in the air
is fine but there are real consequences
to this and we are by the way seeing
those real consequences
with YouTube's crazy ad blocking
decisions right mm-hmm because because
you guys don't like to give them money
they start backing their advertisers
over their content creators which is
creating this huge hub of with everyone
Wow
where if you all would just watch the
fucking ads they wouldn't have to worry
about it or more importantly YouTube red
if everyone was a YouTube red user no
one would have to ever worry about their
content being being fucked with again
because then YouTube wouldn't care about
advertisers Garnica says next ever hi
jack and rich hello fuck you not you
thought okay disguising as a fuck you
some of my I know that sound advanced
artists but shovel knight was just
fuckin with me with a little wall thing
and see luck look what they do in a
fucking with means that was a fuck you
shovel knight and I'm that came out
wrong
artiguez says hi jack abridge I thought
it I recently watched rlm past
convention videos the George Lucas gag
in Chicago Comic Con was great question
has nerd exploitation made pop culture
better or worse thanks
as nerd exploitation made pop culture
better or worse check it depends on
which side you're looking at it from not
I'm not sure I have a definitive answer
it depends on which side you're looking
at from um well how do you know what pop
culture would look like right now
without nerd exploitation what would
what would what would be popular I don't
I don't know the that's the thing is is
you know from from like a movie goer or
from you know like Marvel standpoint
they're really happy about nerd
exploitation at the moment you know that
it's doing really good things for their
business so Disney is super happy about
nerd exploitative you as a consumer I'm
relatively happy with it because I get
to watch a real a bunch of fun movies
because I like comic book movies and I
like action movies
ah ah look I know I know the Big Bang
Theory chat is is the nerd equivalent to
blackface but I just don't watch it yeah
and I did you don't want you know how
often it usually comes up in my life
I've never I usually never have to hear
anything about them well what does the
damn show call the Big Bang yeah you got
it
you know what's up uh yeah I've watched
it exactly I want to say I've watched it
like three times because you know like
at first it was just like oh this sucks
well maybe that was just a bad episode
no this is really how it is and then the
third time I think like someone else was
watching it and refused to not watch it
so I had to watch it and it's terrible
it's a terrible show thank you game yeah
oh my god worse my mom thinks that
comparing me to Sheldon is a compliment
yeah that character is just the worst
kind of nerd blackface character ever
agreed oh just and it's it but that's oh
man you're so much like Sheldon I hear
that all the time it's just like wow
like do you understand that that's an
insult to me
also what does that say about me that
you know like I'm socially awkward and I
mean which is true I am
oh hello oh shit jack we're we're the
only minority group that's not going to
get our day what nobody's nobody's ever
going to care about nerd portrayal in
popular culture it's never gonna happen
isn't never gonna sit we're always going
to be the ones it's okay to character
always yeah somebody shows you know that
little girl showed up in a thigh in a
video game yep
exploitation horror yeah and the grand
scale of things you know yeah I guess
I'll be okay with it but just because
there's worse you know a good guy that
character with a pocket protector and
the glasses with the tape yeah that's
always could be around Jack and it's
always gonna be okay yeah again grand
scale you kind of have to be okay with
it cuz you know why maybe it maybe not
ever every maybe not forever rich
eventually we're gonna weed out all
those other ones and they'll just be
nothing left to complain about so then
finally finally they'll start saying hey
maybe we should let these nerds be oh
this is the worst
where's my safe space jack huh where's
my safe space anywhere you want it to be
rich your safe space is at home it's not
that's not because then would bank there
he's on TV Jack yeah but you can turn it
off
Jack you can turn it off what no you
don't have to watch it oh that changes
everything
yeah you got your fine alright or I'm
done with this try trying to find some
humor there it's not really worth yeah
I'm done that's what you know what and
that that could be me rich I might have
not just not been picking a bag know
what it's fine it's fine
all right uh what do we got what do we
got what where we got that's kind of
like what's in the news what's in the
news today uh so what's next on tip
roulette did you did you hear about the
trial of the girl who convinced her
boyfriend to commit suicide no it's this
incredibly fascinating story because I I
am NOT involved with it in any way sorry
to bring you down um am i a monster for
saying I don't think she deserves jail
time if she was just her only crime was
being really convincing well that see
that's what by the way that's what
they're trying to figure out but
apparently like they have her all heard
like text logs and everything and like
apparently like the the boyfriend was
like ready to to back out and like
chickened out and like I don't want to
commit suicide she's like no you should
definitely do it
you should definitely well here's the
question why was she being sarcastic or
no no it happened over a long enough
period where like they're thinking like
no she really just wanted him to kill
himself how was she stole his girlfriend
right
that's a great question well obviously
he had low self-esteem rich come on
get with him and so yeah they're just
trying to figure out like well what what
do we do about this like can can we
charge her with anything it's a really
like it's gonna be it's going to be a
very interesting legal case because it
will certainly set some sort of
precedent right yeah about like Ken like
was she bullying
not necessarily I you know what is the
first I'm hearing about this oh okay I
don't have a strong opinion on this
currently yeah
I really know nothing about this damn
case fuck context is very important did
did she think she was joking did she
think he was really gonna go through you
know these are all important questions
from from the texts from the text logs
it looked like not only did she know he
was going through going through with it
she helps him plan it out and she told
kept telling him to do it when he said
he was thinking about not doing it okay
so like it does not look good as far as
like any sort of her going I was just
joking it could've been a weird running
joke I guess I guess I guess we're
running jokes with people I'm not gonna
talk about here it's pretty clear from
the text that she's a monster yeah if
she told him to rob a bank would she be
culpable that she liked to me that's the
interesting thing like obviously she's a
horrible person but where what what can
we do legally about that that's the
interesting thing it's good it's going
to be a is going to be a landmark case
because if if it's like like let's say
for example the court finds that she it
has some sort of like involuntary
manslaughter thing accessory to
something like that right then other
lawyers can use that against like you
know bullies who bully people into
suicide or whatnot and and so it's a
very very interesting oh shit
what what is that bye
leftover B cake says I am proud to
support interesting quality
entertainment on Twitch yo and also
previously recorded there we go
that is you know it's not a joke but
it's quite so predictable okay in favor
of Earth Day I'm recycling my jokes yeah
yeah that make you know what that made
it work you saved it he saved it uh it
was over the course of several days or
weeks that's true yeah her text her
awful texts were like we're nan we're a
non-stop bombardment of like hey are you
committing suicide yet you said you're
gonna commit suicide let's get on that
let's make sure you do that I want to
make sure that you commit suicide I'm
not gonna say anything about this
because I literally have no context oh
sure no I just thought I know so you get
new bosses yeah yeah new bosses they'll
this level is always 100% new there's
like new new devices this is apparently
a shovel knight' prequel here so I don't
know what that means but it means take
place before shovel no I know but I mean
I haven't been paying attention to I
know I understand what a prequel is I
haven't been paying enough attention to
the story to tell you what consequences
is obviously shovel knight fights
Spectre night so this is how he got how
he got uh
I am NOT I'm not doing great as far as
like not dying I'm sure there's some
weight of this is this is gonna probably
be a disappointing one for us to answer
for you but madam says hi guys
I was watching Mystery Science Theater
3000 earlier today and I was wondering
what you two thought of the show
new and old since it's a little similar
to best of the worst
thanks wait I've only seen like two
episodes in my entire life even even
before we were doing best of the worst
when Mystery Science Theater was new one
on TV if I wanted to make fun of a bad
movie I would watch it with Mike or J
and we'd make our own jokes I have
nothing against Mystery Science Theater
3000 I just I had no use for it yeah
and now that's a hundred percent my
feelings I saw that you know the show
was very was very popular back in the
day especially if you were a film nerd
everybody talks about it and so I
watched it and I felt the exact same way
I was like oh this is just what I like
doing right right I don't want to watch
other people make that wish I wish they
would shut up so I could laugh at the
bad movie exactly that's I was like and
you know like they're funny sure but
it's like I want to make my own jokes so
it so that it was never a show I watched
regularly I've probably seen maybe two
possibly three episodes in my whole life
and I haven't seen the new one I assume
that's the same for rich I some of the
people involved are very funny
obviously patents on it who I enjoy but
hey you know I can't watch the new one
because a movie might come up that will
do on best of the worst
and I don't want to spoil it of course
that's the other yeah now we can yeah
now we just can't come here you dick
there we go there we go we did it
patent is not good on it I listen I
don't know with patents good on it or
not it's basically the same money of
course it's the same audience as best
were so like we are like rich in like I
understand why you would think we would
be big fans of it but unfortunately it's
just too close to what we do we're we're
not not really like it's not the same
thing whether they have a running
commentary of the movie right breast of
the worst is more just a surge for good
ones that we haven't seen before well
and you have to understand the
difference in the formats for for best
of the worst we watch the movie then
immediately discuss it yeah and we are
making up jokes on the fly yeah
everything is made up same day with no
writing it's not a script of any kind
yeah not even really with the intro so
it's like we'll we'll talk briefly like
a minute or two before we start shooting
it if anybody has any ideas for a bit
but there's not like a script the only
time there's ever been a script for best
of the worst is when there's been like a
guest star right like Freddy he's you
know we're not used to being on camera
might have something ready for him but
like hey Gemma and Colin probably don't
even need anything like that probably
not they're old pros at this point oh
sure I know what they're doing but
Mystery Science Theater a group of
writers gets together yeah watches the
movie several times and tries to put
their best joke forward sure
and like that so like I'm wrong with
that oh no I'm just I'm just also saying
like the format's of what we do are so
different that I can understand why
people like Bo it sounds like you're
patting yourself on the back for not
needing script Jack that's what it
sounds like to me god no I think I think
I would love to do like a let's just sit
down and write jokes because that would
be so much less pressure oh really oh I
would take all of the fun out of
best of the worst oh that would you know
what that would take the life out of it
yeah you know what else that would do
like sometimes if I can't think of
anything funny to say I start to worry
like goddamnit I got to come up with a
bit we gotta come up a bit here you know
what no I don't worry about that cuz I
know if I can't think of anything to say
someone else will oh yeah and it always
works but just as a as someone who has
worked in comedy for his professional
career it's just like we gotta do
something funny we've got to do some
funny and I know that as soon as you
stop thinking we got to do something
funny something funny will just
naturally happen I have I have faith in
you guys that's good
oh rich I have faith in you I don't have
faith in me that's my problem
[Music]
no no it's it's it's finite so yeah I
think scripting it would be a ton less
pressure which is why I would like that
but it's not it's not gonna happen
because also the unscripted aspect is
what makes it lively and unique this is
what I want this is the weapon I want
you you go ahead and enjoy Mystery
Science Theater 3000 I just I don't
watch it I'm sorry I'm sorry I know
people are always disappointed when they
hear that yeah because you know they
like if you like best of the worst you
you probably also like Mystery Science
Theater 3000 it's probably in the case
so I'm not I'm definitely not trying to
put them or what they do down right
all right I can't sing and this is
written like a song what and I don't
even know what kind of song the sing
this - it's like a pre-existing thing
you get real endo crumb yeah nobody
likes me everybody hates me guess I'll
go eat some worms long one short ones
fat ones skinny ones ones that squiggle
and squirm so that's the thing that's
again nobody likes me I don't think I've
heard that mean I think it's let's go
eat some worms yeah it is what is that
it's playground thing I forget if it's a
playground song effort came from
something specific but that's where I
heard it on the playgrounds everybody
likes me everybody hates me
let's go eat some work I'm glad I didn't
read that cuz I could not have done that
justice I'm like just not familiar with
okay we go the off switch says your view
your viewers Star Wars oh wait yeah I am
read Erik your viewers Star Wars ot fans
who also hate the prequels have an
interest in the many aspects of
filmmaking deadpan humor Star Trek have
lots of spare time and also like
computer games dollar sign dollar sign
dollar sign dollar sign I'm not sure
what the point of this I think they're
just saying like wait yeah wait one if
your viewers Star Wars ot fans who also
hates prequels have interests in many
aspects of filmmaking dip in news so I
guess that's a statement of poor fans
are I guess and we know yeah we talk we
talk to you guys all the time we've
we've met our fans and we have a pretty
good idea that you are into these
similar things that we are I mean
personally I never would have guessed
that our fans like the Star Wars
original trilogy I never would have
guessed that so I'm glad somebody
finally finally pointed that out
I know hello a treasure chest
I think the off switch is just drunk
that's very public very possible I mean
that's possible for anyone really it's
it's late at night starts to drinking
I'm not drunk
dish terse s but we can fix that and
yeah sure yeah you start Rick whatever
the fuck you want mister says speaking
of good video game soundtracks you guys
should check out wandering souls it's an
indie PC game with a fantastic
soundtrack some of the songs are the
same guy who did shovel knight oh ah I
get it I get it um going on list just
wandering souls I might have it already
that sounds very familiar next stream I
kind of want to do Bayonetta 2 I think
that's a great idea rich cuz well I had
issues with Bayonetta I did not hate it
and I'm totally willing to give the
second one a try yeah I think that's a
great idea and I wholeheartedly support
your decision we have a capture card
here we just you need to bring the Wii U
and Bayonetta 2 right obviously
hey bento box of Doom's hinto box of
doom Ben Pinto Pinto Pinto pntl okay
says hey guys I not sure if you got my
last one and we did and I already said
and feel better uni I noticed you left
out the hashtag rich suck my deck this
time oh I notice that's missing No
yeah bento maybe you should get bento
hey it could with Jack but but for uni
sake feel better uni lettuces Jack
object if you watch Patriot on Amazon
yet it's fucking amazing and everyone
needs to see it quasi quasi Edgar Wright
style dark comedy extremely well made
seriously check it out alright I haven't
seen it yet but I haven't seen it it's
quite possible I forgot about it if you
told me about it earlier and
Chad I would not hold your breath for
Star Wars The Force Unleashed ooh I
started playing the first one once and I
couldn't stand it did you play the Force
Unleashed I don't think it did is I
think just playing on my own a little
bit once I was like oh oh sure sure I'm
with you which one was a Force Unleashed
yeah God of War would Star Wars oh oh
yeah haha pardon me shit get the fuck
outta fuck out that I never got into God
of War yeah you want to yo-yo galeano
when it when it comes to that kind of
brawler ninja gaiden all the way God war
oh that's quick time shit yeah I
couldn't stand shit a lot of quick
mashie quick time shit yeah you know
what the mashie didn't feel bad I
remember I just hitting the X button and
those fucking things were going all over
the entire screen and things didn't have
a chance to get close to me because he
was swinging them everywhere
that's what I said like them it was and
then it was the worst kind of little
mini quick XY yeah God no no no no that
mess you didn't feel bad QuickTime
events are almost never good I almost
never I'm trying to trying to think of
an example where equipment is good the
dumbest simplest ones and when it's the
same every time like every time you kill
this tank attacks yeah
and you don't need it
the more buttons you got to hit and the
more strict they are about it the worse
it is it's never a good mechanic none
when they like shit when they change it
up on you like that sometimes they hit
this button sometimes hit this button
fuck that fuck that quick time bullshit
every time it's a mistake
take note video game developers we hate
him but you guys played garbage like
Gears of War for why not we didn't
really especially like years of war for
ya you're not helping us you're not
you're not convincing us tell us it's
just like Helldivers and then maybe my
opinion of of Gears of War and I played
one or two and they were acceptable but
I never I never got around to playing
three so that that tells you how
strongly I feel about the series yep me
too by the way yeah never got around to
three and I liked Gears wanted to they
were fine games fuck you fuck you
Spectre night
did you hate the ones and vanquish it
all the quick time oh that's a good
question you love it I don't love those
the proper thing with vanquish is
there's just not that many of them oh
okay
Vega should be fine without them but
there's there's just not enough in there
for me to get my panties in a bunch over
it sure
well good cuz you know what like once
you get them in a bunch then it's
they're really hard to fold and put away
this there's like four or five in the
game you have to start doing your
country with with like panties and
bunches what I recommend rich is the
steam cycle for your dryer I don't know
if you have that for your dryer it D
bunches your panties really easily but
there's there's like four or five of
them okay and vanquish and they're
associated with like mini bosses like it
I can deal with it okay
and it's kind of the same thing every
time yeah they're a little bit different
for each one but I mean it's like the
one they're simple they're forgiving
sure it's it's not like if you don't hit
it within the split second you lose you
know yeah
I want you
nice nice quick diamonds Tresor and it's
perfectly okay that you stepped all over
my my panties thing because I didn't
know it was happening either it's like
sometimes you just don't know when
you're gonna go on a little painting
joke a little painting joke mini
adventure that's what I was like Jack
would you let it die for crying out loud
let it die okay me go yes
nope nope that's my only my only my only
respite now is bringing it up enough
all right where do we vote your vogue
Alex and the ice is rich nerves by
definition are people that are unlikable
no amount of geek pop-culture or cute
people wearing glasses will ever make
being an actual nerd a good thing I
think you're wrong about them I've
always associated being a nerd just
being very passionate about a particular
subject hang on then I don't know yeah I
don't know man I don't know
I get like right I guess it just depends
on what definition of nerd you're
working with but I've always just like
considered nerds like just people who
are really into one thing like I'm
really into really into this this one
book series I am a nerd for this book
series you know I just I just like
things if I'm labeled a nerd that's
something I understand other people have
labeled me as uh-huh but I've never
identify as a nerd and I am a part of
nerd culture as I heard I believe these
things know their shit like that I think
that's for the best
I think that's for the best rage I
identify with nerd culture you know what
that's actually just the thing that
confuses me the most is like nerd
culture how did we get there
how did we go how did we get to a point
where we have our own culture I don't
think we do I think it's just like every
like nerd culture is just like oh you
know humans people assume this I can't
tell you how many people have assumed I
know something about Dungeons and
Dragons I've just gotta be like I don't
know any of that shit I've never refined
in my life oh yeah and then there's like
confused wow you're a nerd
what you know what a natural one is
though right like
you you actually know more about it than
I do why love it people have just
assumed oh sure sure no listen I've
forever been you know my family's
default tech support person and every
time they have me come over to fix their
computer I tell them the exact same and
they're just like but you're so good
with computers you know because you know
cuz you're a nerd and I'm like I'm not
good with computers I know how to Google
the right thing and if you just watch me
I'll just show you where how I Google
stuff I can Google things and the
internet knows the answer and they're
like not huge you're just so good at you
know these computers so well stereotypes
rich Snerd culture stereotypes
anonymous says this may sound strange
coming from a stream tip but I don't
have anything weirder disturbing for you
to read I just wanted to say I
appreciate what you guys do lol thanks
for the stream oh my god that's so that
is Wow that's very weird dear Wow
anonymous says uh just ugh
something displeased them enough that
they had the tip-off to say ugh at this
point who knows what it could be which
is my favorite part about like reading
tips you know so late it's like what I'm
sure we said something that pissed them
off
that's great that's great
fuck you David
I know people says hello exploited
minorities ha ha ha perfect timing and
just as fun fact number 2 it's not an
open-world game and you have three weeks
to make a review before 2 comes out also
Jack you can play as arrow somebody
somebody loves them some injustice um
you know what I actually I do hear good
things about the injustice fighting game
yeah I I just because I watch the arrow
TV show does not mean I give a fuck
about the arrow as a character I am the
worst person to try and do any kind of
review on a fighting game ah right I I
think I would be too cuz it's just like
oh yeah you hit people I am no good at
this right and mines good at this
uh you know what when I press the button
to hit the other person I hit that
person I I wouldn't rule out like
streaming it ever ever no plans to
immediately like I said next train would
like to do Bayonetta 2 but I I wouldn't
hold my breath for a review all right
like a like a foal right yeah yeah yeah
probably not gonna happen yeah we could
probably stream it and you know maybe
have a couple laughs cultural
appropriation equal how culture works
yes it's true that's exactly how culture
works that the that's the the melting
pot I've always thought the concept of
cultural appropriation was stupid um
well I mean it can be done negatively of
course to to to say well at that point
it's not cultural appropriations just
making fun of somebody if you're
thinking of like the college you know
Indian mascots oh no no I'm more
thinking about like advertisers who like
use certain cultural tropes to like sell
to specific people and like that can be
like exploitative but I don't think it's
the same thing as cultural appropriation
though that that's just maybe that's a
different thing
advertisers being bad at advertising I
suppose all right
the blue prism says hey Jack I'm Jack I
am making a ground beef meat sculpture
of rich what cut of beef should I use
porterhouse wrench what is your favorite
Sierra adventure game a lot of good ones
if I absolutely have to choose it would
probably be quest for glory to legend
I'm not I'm not sure about stream in the
quest for glory games is well I think
they're great adventure games there
there's there was grinding involved and
it would slow down the funny dialogue
yes we've talked about that before yeah
there are steps to level them
the worst one is leveling up sneaking
sneaking sneaking you play as a thief in
the quest for glory games which I love
by the way you can just break into
people's houses in the first one you
just you just walk around at night pick
their walks and you know if you're
you're sneaking stab isn't high enough
you might wake them up okay sounds great
but the only way you can level up sneak
is just by walking everywhere slowly
while sneaking and it takes forever to
level up you just across the screen oh
that part is the worst that sounds like
a big pain in the butt yeah that part
but then again you don't necessarily
have to stake right it might be another
way to solve your problems I don't know
Adam nope only sneaking Rich only
sneaking