Episode 767
Reap What you D'oh (Shovel Knight: SoT part 2)
May 20, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K-wXUNdc-sQ
___________________________________________

which what is your favorite Arkham game
that's a hard question that really is a
hard question as a game too though the
story into just completely loses any any
kind of focus but just from a gameplay
perspective it's it's Arkham City story
wise probably three even though the
gameplay took a big turn for the worse
dumb dumb down stealth sections and less
of them because there's so much that car
crap shoved in that game I knew from the
moment they talked about having to drive
the Batmobile it was going to be
terrible and it was going to dominate
the game and it did and it was combat
was still ok but once again there's a
lot less of it because they want you to
be on that fucking car all the time yeah
oh that's stupid those all those tank
sections story wise so story wise Arkham
Knight okay
gameplay wise arkham city all around
yeah
origins gets a bad rap origins main
problem is that it just reuses too many
assets of Arkham City it doesn't feel
like its own game
if Arkham origins were sold as it an
expansion pack as opposed to as its own
game I think I would've went over a lot
better with people hmm interesting
so it's it's it's a it's a lame game
that recycles too many components of the
previous game but is it fucking great
dlc
alright alright hey unless you got more
dad nope does I know you you haven't
played any of the games all the way
through right oh all right night-night
are you did the review yeah yeah I just
haven't played uh the first one I
haven't finished the first one still
mother you never played city did you no
no no yeah I haven't played any of that
once it's great city's great it's the
open world without the Batmobile hmm
that does some yeah that sounds like
something I would rip oh fuck it's like
something I would really enjoy it's
super amazing story loses any kind of
sense of focus you're there to
investigate the mystery of the the
corrupt prison but nope The Joker shows
up and now we're around a diversion a
side quest that dominates the entire
fucking game and then the main story
comes in and like back into the plane
like last 10 minutes before the Joker
comes back oh and then the end of the
game wraps up the side quest no focus
fuck you game and they're gonna I get a
little fart as I die
thank you rich no chat I do not care
about Green Lantern at all as a
character in any way okay yeah I'm with
you somebody sent in a copy of the
there's a Green Lantern Star Trek
crossover yeah and it just seemed like
the worst fucking thing there's a lot of
different colored beams flying over the
place and just Green Lantern fights just
seems so stupid and boring you know what
here here's what I'll give the green I'm
shooting colored Ray's know I'm shooting
colored race know I'm shooting colored
Ray's greenly baby it was just poorly
written I don't know
as our own original concept I really
liked the idea
of like the like I can create wacky
things from my ring right like I'll turn
it into a giant why can't I make that
fucking jump it turned into a giant I
can't make that fucking jump that's what
like turnings a green light into a giant
fist to punch the bad guy right like
making it an aeroplane so you can fly or
whatever right like turning the ring
into goofy stuff um as a comic book
artist and writer I can imagine they had
a lot of fun with that but but yeah
modern green lantern is just okay wait
we're gonna put there we go there we go
modern Green Lantern is just a bunch of
beams and you know because they want to
make it cool I didn't know I don't read
the books
oh yeah no that was my impression from
the Star Trek crossover
oh and it is it is like that oh fuck I
don't SPECT her Knight has some issues
rich spectra Knight has some goddamn
issues I'm sorry he's got this thing
where if you if you hit the attack
button you can just switch to the old
shovel Knight if you want nobody gets a
fuck no I know but I'm playing a new one
all right why am I just and I want to
know I want to know how plays and I'm
just not used to you Spectre Knight Huff
Hardin says hey again hi again no
judgment for anger issues but what's the
worst thing you have done after a rage
quit on a game as a kid I once bit my
gameboy
after losing leaving a bite mark in my
screen never done anything that weird
that's fucking weird I don't I don't
think I've done anything worse than
throwing the controller
oh I've thrown some controllers yeah
yeah oh man I've never I have never
broken a disc or a cartridge though not
Madden ragequit like everyone saw me cut
up Andromeda that was different right uh
no and you know what I
I haven't even thrown a controller that
shit was too precious to me why actually
what did I kick around when we
finish the order whatever I didn't
remember what the fuck I was throwing
around but whatever that was not your
usual kind of rage quit right more of
like a rage disgusting I need to throw
something I needed to throw some right
right
no and you know I guess I'm a comer I'm
a column or gamer where it's like to me
I would just stop playing the game in a
huff oh I just turn it off and be like
oh oh how disappointed can't throw
controllers anymore since they all cost
$80 so true so fucking true but I
haven't been we're talking about this
when it comes to throwing controllers
that was when I was a kid I haven't I
haven't done that in decades well like
in even like like for me even as a kid
you know like those were my controllers
if I threw them and broke them
that was me paying form so like fucking
no I'm not throwing I'm not throwing
shit did I throw my controller at the
end of Mass Effect 3 no cuz I was just
depressed after Mass Effect 3 I wasn't
angry I was really happy I couldn't play
a game for like weeks after that as I
didn't have it in me
sure I don't play another game now I
don't feel like doing anything it was
terrible
well after a funeral it's tough yeah
tough to have any motivation oh they
just needed to stick the landing that's
all they needed to do and it would have
been you know if the third game weren't
amazing and it wasn't amazing except the
I think we were wrong about that but if
they just stuck the landing it would
have been like Return of the Jedi what
about like the Star Wars saga sure the
best game but at least the at least they
stuck alright alright alright
oh oh yeah we are well your viewer
getting into it you were getting into it
Anonymous's guys any thoughts on the
potential nuclear war with North Korea
will it happen you know not as
depressing as Mass Effect 3 oh my I'm
not giving this and me I'm not getting
this true Bo swaggins says rich any
plans for more eggs come stream real
boasts wagons really sooner or later
sooner or later I'm gonna finish that
run with the chat that's gonna that's
gonna finish I didn't say it was gonna
happen all at once though so I'm still
into trill boasts wagons trill boasts
wagon bilbo swaggins lost so much damn
money on this run Danny and I know
there's another form coming get out here
unit 603 idiot says hey rich and Jake
suck here's money to put in the build a
new wheel of the worst fun
this time you should make a drunk idiot
proof by making it like the crisis right
wheel
oh well spin my wheels it's just a
bigger wheel that we can push it over
that's not gonna help
hmm are you thinking of a way to make a
drunk idiot for it I'm thinking about
just like driving a whole bunch of nails
through it so if you tried to shove it
you would like impale your hand that's
not gonna stop us that's not gonna stop
us like like a like a fuckin cactus just
nails coming out everywhere what
ali reza says I saw colossal last week
was great it was a lot more dark than
the trailer made it seen they edited
scenes to create jokes that weren't
there how do you feel about deceptive
editing and trailers this is this is why
you don't trust trailers that's their
whole the trailers whole job right is to
convince you to go see the movie and
they will do anything to do that yes
they don't they don't care if they are
properly representing the movie they it
is their job to convince you to see the
movie did you see the movie well then
they did their job faster jack faster I
don't think I'm supposed to get in front
of it and they suppose to get on it
you're supposed to get on it Ryan hitch
I got trapped underneath it I got
trapped but at least this starts at the
second stage now tired Sansa's
mainstream culture embraced aspects of
nerd culture since it's perfectly
compatible with branding Star Wars Star
Trek and endless comic book series it's
just a coincidence social outcasts like
it
bergna s-- says bergs this bird v RG z
and es alright says here's $2 for the
wheeler I know Mike's not going to pay
you anything to fix it
sorry rich buy yourself a Pabst Blue
Ribbon with that or something oh thank
you thank you much oh that's wrong I can
get up on that thing nope nope do I do I
say anything cuz you know they say
anything that's up but you you get to
make that choice rich because because
I'll cuz I like people
you're our fans yeah Will's already in
in decent shape I have handled the
problem with with my my master prop
making skills true rich is a fine prop
maker but there might never be a will
episode ever again that's also true you
need to you need to it's already there
it's already fixed by the way fixed not
remade that's important it's important
well haha partially replaced couldn't do
anything about the wheel sure the actual
wheel but that's not the original wheel
anyway
yes rich handled the problem
yes master builder rich Evans yeah
riches and riches a fine prop builder
praise the Builder
fine fine prop builder if I was making a
team and I needed some props I'd get
rich on that team fuck fuck you fuck you
and you you what sniped
hey you know we'll be I saw over the
weekend hmm I saw Suicide Squad yeah
yeah okay I was it was it was on HBO go
and I have an HBO Go subscription yes
yeah you know haven't seen this hand
oh it's garbage it's utter garbage but
you know like I saw get society as part
of my subscription so I didn't pay any
extra money to see it so yeah that's a
win so that's nice but oh my I was not
expecting it to be as bad as that is DC
huh it's DC yeah but it's like after
Batman vs Superman you just can't be
that bad anymore right but okay yeah you
can oh yeah you can but holy mother yeah
it's it's bad it's like bad bad
it's laughably bad but the DC fans liked
it and I shocking I will never be I will
never stop being not surprised was was
Harley Quinn good no I hated her she cuz
she was trying to do like classic Harley
voice and I hated it because she was
trying to do the classic Harley voice
yes I hated any but it didn't work with
I I didn't like I didn't like her whole
aesthetic and the mr. J that's Harley
Quinn oh I hate what you do
Oh something different the desert her
characters that she's cartoony she's not
she's insane I know I didn't like him I
didn't like it you know why you know I
didn't like it I didn't like it with the
look with the aesthetic okay it didn't
fit with the aesthetic and also she had
no place on the team and okay okay
that's different that's different
question well although but just like her
being there was an affront to all logic
right and she has no powers yeah she
wants psychologists who went nuts
who is that she can do acrobatics
apparently but it's like that's it her
special skill is that it amuses the
Joker that he was able to break somebody
yes and she can do a handstand it's
perhaps a backflip ah I hated the end oh
ya know and her all of her and the Joker
stuff the the first 20 minutes of the
movie is just introducing all of the
characters and then you get to the part
where the movie's supposed to start and
then more characters show up and they
don't and they decide not to introduce
them just like Scarlett Johansson on the
Avengers not at all like that because
the Black Widow is a trained assassin
Harley Quinn is a psychologist who went
crazy she was not taught by a government
agency how to sneak around how to break
necks how did you come foo how to load a
gun how to get into a fight with a group
of people she wasn't trained in anything
like that
boom
unless they cut out the vivid L scene in
which after Joker turned her into Harley
Quinn he then sent her off to some sort
of Krav Maga Iraqi crowd magrav class
just hand-to-hand
combat class in which she became an
utter badass unless we missed that and
the Black Widow fighting supervillains
is equally dumb same with Batman no and
by the way like when Black Widow Black
Widow has a place on the team
what did Black Widow do when she fought
the Hulk right in in Avengers like she
snuck around she never fought the Hulk
head-to-head she was sneaky she did
sneaky stuff she's little spy stuff
right what did she do in general in the
Avengers I'm trying to remember was her
role in the end of that movie in the end
of that movie like she wanted to talk to
the scientist well didn't she didn't
fight Loki right she was she was on the
ground fighting some of the soldiers
with Captain around level like Captain
America and then she went to stop the
device she was the tech person yeah so
she had a place on the team that made
sense with her skills effectively she
was disarming a bomb right where as
Harley Quinn is going toe-to-toe with
witches gods and monsters so anyway yeah
it was it was incredibly dumb movie and
oh shit afterwards I was watching I was
watching Michael J's half in the bag on
because we haven't gotten to talk about
it's okay I wonder what Mike and J think
about it and they kept like echoing the
sentiment that there was a good movie in
there somewhere and I just don't see it
good I don't I don't see how there's
anything good to come out of that
suspect tonight still alive or something
what is this I think this is like a
flashback is he still alive here or is
he
I think I'm spectrum to this yeah this
is this is before he became the spectre
interesting okay I prove nonsense of
axes rich and Jack slash Jack and rich
whoa
any good book recommendations any genre
but I'm in a sci-fi mood lately thanks
as always for another fun stream I might
not kill myself after all despite
girlfriends prodding Wow Wow nice uh you
know what I've just got and I don't know
if it's good I haven't read it I haven't
been reading anything lately well so
hold on I just I just bought a new book
that I'm really excited about that I'm
really excited to read and I'm gonna
tell you what it is if I can find out
here yeah if I can find it it's supposed
to be very good and they just came out
with the sequel which is why I was like
oh well you know like it's good enough
to get a sequel and it is called and it
is called that tells you how good it is
is I can't remember the name of it
so another jack recommends nothing I
just got it I wanted to read it I was
really excited to read it there's
there's nothing I've even looked it up
there's nothing I've been reading
lately as always the classics a
Hitchhiker's Guide to the galaxy sure
look like that okay it's called sleeping
giants yeah and here's here's what I
know about it it's about it's about a
young girl who finds a piece to what
appears to be a giant robot and then the
whole thing is like a little detectives
a sci-fi detective story trying to
figure out the mystery of this piece of
a giant robot and it's like oh that
sounds like a fantastic book sleeping
giants yes I am the past I have
recommended off to be the wizard the
time that was the last thing I'd read
still really is the last science fiction
book I've read what off to be the wizard
off to be the wizard um take the premise
of the matrix where you learned that
reality is just a computer simulation ah
and then you you can hack that that
simulation to pretend you're a wizard oh
okay that's fun that's what off to be
the wizard is it's cute oh you don't
come back you don't come back you don't
come oh fuck you the sequels The Iron
Giant right I will yeah and so like the
sleeping giant is the first book and
then you can the sequel just come out
which is called waking God's rich are
you mostly into comic book movies aside
from best of the worst I don't remember
seeing you in some of the NAM comic half
of the bags this is because I went to
high school with Mike and Mike still
thinks of me as the guy who like the
comic books but you know I Rich's
typecast
I'm typecast I am typecast which is
stereotyped as a nerd you know what you
know what half in the bag I would have
loved to have been a part of huh
fury road they don't call rich for that
right right
instead I get called in to be you know
for the cut in the new spider-man oh I
don't give a shit I'll watch it and then
of course during the review Mike yeah
4100 yes
blah what do you want from me what was I
don't remember what it was it was that
the damn movie were or what's faces
Johnny Depp's brain got put into a
computer oh yeah oh what's that move
here I don't remember was that was
called but I think we watched that a
comic-book movie and I got asked that
episode because of the comic book movie
I enjoyed the the Johnny Depp one more
the one they hated by the way oh yeah
they hated it I saw merit in that film
you saw merit in that film transcendence
oh nice
love love the premise of that movie
mikage I hated it of course and I was
there to talk about the comic book movie
whatever the fuck it was which I I'm
sure I don't remember well that was the
and I did I did not care about it wasn't
the amazing spider-man 2 yeah I so did
not give a shit about the amazing
spider-man 2 Jack and rich fury road
review like that did well redundant
well-worn they're so redundant everyone
knows we love that film right right
because you know why because everyone
loves fury road every single person or
at least they should you know that's not
sure I know it's not true that's why I
said it I think a lot of people don't
like it for bullshit reasons they've
heard things that are just not true
right Mad Max is not the star of a Mad
Max he's in it just as much as he isn't
the other bad
rich man Mad Max is part of the SJW
feminists how you want to anyone talk
about that fucking shit always so I can
so it's obviously a subpar movie because
I think both sides that debate are
fucking assholes that's like people
complaining that Max is not the star
that movie the plot doesn't revolver it
didn't in the other movies either uh-huh
most of Mad Max 1 is like focused on the
bikers mad road warrior just like he's
the character you see the world through
his eyes but he's not directly involved
Lord humungus wants the the oil
plantation from the oil villagers Mad
Max he's there right I think I can do
one more level before I gotta call it
let's do tre to name
let's do treasure night yes he's more
involved with the goings-on in fury road
than he is in either the original Mad
Max or road warrior so he's saying
people are dumb yes I'm saying they're
dumb I don't know that doesn't sound
like people they're complaining cuz Mad
Max is written like he was written in
the other Mad Max movies I don't know
that doesn't sound like people
while refinery whatever originally don't
get it right into the level
gobble-gobble-gobble-gobble
also gobble-gobble-gobble-gobble
compound father I'm saying it was boring
if you think it was boring I don't mind
the people who hurt anyone
I hear the complaint that Mad Max wasn't
the star and for one is wrong and for
another thing that's that's not entirely
unlike how a Mad Max movie would go
where he's there but the events going on
don't directly relate to him he just
gets involved right he's a drifter
that's his thing he's a drifter and by
the way that's like stand like that's
classic drifters tale you know that's
classic like old western like it's not
necessarily about the hero it's about
what's what the hero gets involved in so
not jits not just a Mad Max thing that's
that's just classic classic drifters
tale Thunderdome I like Thunderdome it's
not you know it's not the best in the
series it's got its got a Tina Turner
that's all that matters
Tina Turner's good in that movie we
don't know the hero I think Jay is
totally right like the barter town
sections are great it slows down once he
gets to the kids yeah overall I still
like the movie oh sure
Oh fuckin lump Tina Turner and there
ain't nothing wrong with that doing
nothing wrong with some healthy Tina
Turner love
yeah yeah rich yeah rebel bases hey guys
hi want you settle an argument between
my brother and I okay which is the worst
movie ghostbusters 2016 or rogue one
ghostbusters 26 versus 2016 goes but I
mean without a doubt it's you know why
cuz it's not funny and it's supposed to
be coming there's nothing worse than a
bad County rogue one
it does have competent action scenes
it's major problem is I don't give two
fucks about any of this boring
characters right right I mean you know I
think both are bad movies if that if
that helps the argument development but
the question is which is worse it's
definitely go supposed to 26 most def
ghostbusters 2016 not only do I not care
about the characters but the comedy is
bad which you know in a comedy kind of
important that's kind of like the final
nail there's a little important detail
that they teach you in film school is if
you're making a comedy it should be at
least 20% funny Brooklyn has done en
that's why it's better I done it he's
the the blind one right she wrong about
that why not yeah you know what that
makes sense they totally fucked up a
character arc on him they totally fucked
it up I mean you know the end they got
that scene where he he'd trust in the
force to make his way to the the button
or the switch whatever the fuck it is
yeah wouldn't that be so much better if
like he didn't have the faith earlier
and that was his character arc cuz I got
that first time he shows up he the blind
man kicks everybody's ass with the force
well of course they can do that at the
end of the movie see in no well you're
what you are is half right here if he
wouldn't have kicked everyone's asked at
the beginning of
yeah and then continued to have the
faith and did that cool thing at the end
that would be a good art yes the problem
wasn't that he didn't have it like hehe
so he should have kept his faith through
the whole time the the problem is they
didn't only put it to a test then like
what would have been great is that that
first action sequence
he was like all ready to do his for
stuff but his friend came in with a gun
okay yeah you can't do this uh yeah you
know you can't you don't like nobody
else had faith in him right I'll take
I'll take either way I'll take it either
way
and then at the end he was proven cuz I
liked it I liked his thing I liked that
he had faith in the force uh but I think
that that scene at the end there was
more his friend than had faith in the
force right yes yes chat a cliche Ark is
better than no Ark yes amount of us says
in case you play more bad at him press
the back button in the very fast loading
screens for practice mode so I guess you
can pause it oh good like like if there
was a message that said that it loads so
fucking fast on PC you're not staring at
that screen for more than half a second
I wonder if it does say I'll have to
pull I'll have to literally pause the
footage if you see if it says that
also right trigger plus back button
skips cutscenes yeah I know don't worry
I know that I had to watch all the
cutscenes because I was recording the
gameplay footage I like characters like
I I like the cutscenes they're amusing
but there's just too much of it
oh gosh too much of it way too much of
it and I know obviously like I'm a I'm a
cutscene hater you wanted a rich Evans
Episode 8 trailer reaction it would have
just been me watching them okay okay
right that trailers and it has nothing
to it mean it's not terrible either it's
that terrible it's just got nothing
trailers like I said that could be
Strehlow is gonna be so deceptive the
trailer doesn't mean jack shit right it
means nothing
that trailer means even more nothin show
was nothing they didn't show us nothing
mr. J the lack of the lack of lots of
amazing things
mmm-hmm makes me think this is gonna be
the goal for the at least at least with
the trailer at it they want you to think
it's gonna be just like Empire
given that force awakens was just like a
new hope I won't be shocked if the new
movie is just like Empire yeah
I am sucking did you hear Nintendo's
killing the nest mini and developing a
snazzy oh no uh no they're killing the
nest mini that little tiny box with the
controller that scored is way too short
and it only has 30 games on it where
else am I going to play my Nintendo
games besides on my computer with my
emulator with hundreds and hundreds of
games oh that felt mean yeah well I do
even for you rich that helped me it's
like this that thing was so stupid but
there's place
finally you by the way totally was
nothing was so stupid
and madam says hello butts but thanks
for all the laughs what's your feelings
on the Kingdom Hearts series especially
- since you like action RPGs the story
is dogshit anime trash but the gameplay
is amazing but this this sounds like
it's right up my alley yeah you're
selling it by the way I love that anime
trash garbage anime trash um I play the
first Kingdom our team yep which for
those who don't know this is a game rich
would never even touch because it
involves a crossover between Disney and
Final Fantasy characters so I can't
imagine good would ever touch that I
know I know it sounds like there's not
that much there for me um III play
through the first one and you know what
I really hated it I couldn't it's it's
one of those um it has one of those
gameplays where it's like kind of
turn-based but also not turn-based but
all the math is done turn-based you know
I'm talking about the watch some of the
metalic all the combat the math for like
hit points is done turn-based esque in
the kingdom heart gave but there's no
like pause and turn and so it's like you
could be hacking and slashing I thought
those restraint packin slashes that's
the weird thing you you want it to be a
hack and slash but like it only does
damages every once in a while it
something about the combat was so
infuriating to me rich okay and me you
know it's very possible that I'm wrong
about this and someone is about to
correct me if they build total health
and flow but something about that combat
pissed me right the hell off
I remember hating it and and jet trigger
choice I don't I don't want to go into
it right now but it sounds like you
actually don't know what my stance on
piracy is
I'm I am not being hypocritical
Cloney old mony 45 says keep it up you
hack frauds that's us that's us we're
hexamer frauds rewind shaq TSA's yeah J
by the way jack is the hard ass on
piracy yeah I'm the one that's super
anti piracy I'm soft Richie Richie Rich
is more great I am definitely more great
I am black and white and it's a
fantastic way to preserve games thank
you especially you know it's not like I
never bought a Nintendo game in the past
if I if I have those cartridges why
would I feel guilty because because you
should pay for the right to pay them I
play them on your need to pay them again
if you own them already why do you even
need to buy non-convenience
oh so you should say alright cuz I don't
you wash it you want your convenience
for free yeah I do jack suck it rewind
Shaq's is played do w3 beta this weekend
you know w3 Donnell wha oh okay damn I
guess it's on afford three no real depth
of strategy more of an army building sim
UI sucks oh not spending 60 bucks on it
rich love you buddy are you sticking to
your diet Jack stand up then didn't ask
our opinions on it they just tip to say
that they don't like Donna for three hmm
ah diet probably took a hit in the
winter because really hard to ride a
bike when it's winter that's that's very
true you have to be you have to be very
committed to ride a bike in the winter
right I did ride my bike here today
because god dammit I felt like riding my
goddamn bike and it was nice out earlier
so I said fuck it I'm riding my bike
shit
tired sad says Jack I'm Jack what is
your conclude
I'm Jared Leto's douchebag joke oh um
for Suicide Squad they did he he is not
that they spend I for fur for Deadshot
Harley Quinn crocodile Captain Boomerang
and the the pyro guy they spend the
first 20 minutes of the movie giving
each of them a little montage explaining
their character right we get nothing for
the Joker that without me because it was
just awful and they didn't want it in
there that's very possible cut so like
it's hard to even know what his
character is about the the way that they
portray him is not consistent his acting
could maybe you know maybe in a better
movie it could be there but I'll he has
so little to do in the actual movie I'm
surprised he's in there at all besides
being arm candy for Harley Quinn he's he
doesn't do anything so it's it's really
hard to even to even judge him uh like
as far as like a performance or anything
is concerned because he just doesn't do
nothing
sirens sad says which comedian is more
obnoxious Ricky Gervais Jimmy Fallon or
Seth MacFarlane Jimmy Fallon I got
nothing against Ricky Gervais how do you
pronounce that I'm pronouncing it Ricky
Gervais a I'm saying it right Gervais us
no not your Vegas Ricky Gervais your
vase that's how I've always pronounced
it okay isn't there's nothing obnoxious
about him I like him Jimmy Fallon sucks
a big big fat dick you know like I'm
okay with Ricky Gervais and I think he's
been very funny and a lot of things
including his stand-up
but Jimmy Fallon is more obnoxious by
his by his life everything he does is
obnoxious yeah
not everything Seth MacFarlane does is
obnoxious everything Jimmy Fallon does
is obnoxious alright you know what
I'm with you I'm absolutely with you
farad said is Batman versus Superman
this generations Batman Returns
they're both bloated dreary sequels with
too many characters inconsistent tone
and seriously wounding their franchises
Batman Returns is nowhere near as
damaging as like Batman and Robin right
Batman Returns still had that Tim Burton
flavor to it
yep yeah and so you can be because of
its incredibly odd style you could
overlook a lot of the sloppy filmmaking
but yeah so the question then is is
Batman V Superman as damaging as Batman
and Robin I haven't watched returns
anytime recently but I don't know that I
don't know Tim Burton's original Batman
you know 89 holds up all that well
that's that's what I've heard
consistently is like they're not the
right the great movies that you remember
them being right uh which I'm fine with
like I'm fine with with them being kind
of more style I can fish oh my god Oh
wrecked your shit there jack I noticed
fucking fish um
I guess the you know what the answer to
that is we'll see what really stood out
to me more than anything when I watched
uh Tim Burton's you know the original
Batman
yeah 8989 Batman yeah how awful that
costume looks they supposedly spent
hundreds of thousands of dollars on it
looks like cheap fucking rubber shit
ill-fitting mask oh it's awful
oh you dickhead fish you can't you can't
you can't can't beat it
bat nibbles wrong movie Tim Burton's
Batman did not have the bat nipples no
that's uh that was shoemakers lavish yep
Schumacher Schumacher yeah it was that
one's no I'm if someone's pronouncing
something wrong it's probably me you
might be right
first out of a Schumacher and you know I
have never met mr. shoemaker or mocker
so I do not and I've never heard his
name pronounced either so yeah fucking
fuck I am I'm getting rekt by goddamn
fish ah just can't handle tuna jack okay
I get a reaction I get a reaction and
there's no there's no killing it which
was the really upsetting part this cuz
it's the gimmick of the stage I know I
get it rich hit up with this thing what
thing whatever the thing you used to hit
things with my psyche my cycle yes sit
with your side that seems to back him
off I don't either the promise I don't
want to back him off because it when I
back him off it's better than getting
hit by them I want to jump over him I
want to do that there you can't always
do that apparently apparently like now
hit well I tried I tried it didn't work
and you know what it did well glad I
never called I'm god damn time
I think it only died when I died like
when I failed the stage I think it died
I don't think I killed it
crocodile brain says hey rich just have
to ask but do you really have diabetes
or is that just a running gag was
actually diagnosed myself at 41 and it's
been an eye-opening experience peace and
good health to all that is just a
running gag that is entirely Mike's
invention and I have not once provoked
him to keep going on with that joke oh
god you don't need to provoke him asking
him to stop just makes it worse oh yeah
you can't do that can't do that and the
joke has spread beyond that is uh beyond
Mike it's everywhere I see that
everywhere about Rich's diabetes
medicine you play into the joke rich
what else can I do
god damn it right what would you want
rich to hear and if Richard says nothing
then that's the joke and then they do
that zoom in on ripp saying nothing
things this is a lose-lose situation the
best solution is just to go along with
it
fucking issue hey take some amount of
control over it that's all you can do is
a monster
jump on jump on the anchor god jack oh
my god I hit him with the anchor rich
Jack finally hit him enough with the
scythe no I know he's gonna claim it was
the anchor Stuart rich I spent an entire
life I spent an entire life trying to
kill him the anchor dropped on him and
killed him there got past the goddamn
fish
at the end I should save that laughter I
killed this motherfucker get out of here
get out get the fuck out of here
Charlotte m3 says something that I like
about fury road is that max has been
reduced to an animal by the world and
the that point in the series by helping
furiosa and the slaves he regains his
humanity thoughts yeah I don't I don't
think it's any accident that he's
wearing a muzzle through the first half
of that movie it's not just fury road
either it's a theme that runs through
the entire damned series hmm I'm not
getting his humanity back well not just
max but just everybody kind of being
reduced to an animalistic State you got
the feral kid in road warrior oh yeah
they're in road warrior they're actually
eating dog food because it's like all
they have they're sharing their sharing
dog food with the dog who by the way max
treats just as good as other human
beings actually better
fury road opens with women being milked
ha ha not people being treated like
animals are being reduced to the state
of animal fairness oh no I'm just
laughing cuz I'm agreeing with you oh
yeah that's true it's it's just flat-out
a running theme mm-hmm damn also just
funny to hear you say women are being
milk being moved to that movie oh yeah
like cattle
great doing great doing great feeling
great
great great great
Zach of the exes says we love the worst
cosplay is finished you can check out
right now on the rlm subreddit if you
want to see it all those VHS tapes will
be yours to work with very soon
we love the worst cosplay I'm assuming
this is a person dressed like the wheel
that's that's what it sounds like more
power to you man
and I'm caught up in tips
great as soon as I'm done with this boss
we're gonna be done yeah all right
depending upon how many times I lose
right people are weird people are weird
jatin you get used to it after a while
you just get used to it after a while
what movies did you have on the costume
well if they're doing it right there are
no movies on the costume as we don't
watch movies I don't watch movies on the
wheel we watch weird you know and it's
other it's other instructional videos
how-to videos
VHS instructions for your VCR
oh that was a close one first quarter
okay now stop ignoring this question who
kills Luke in Episode eight but who
kills Luke in Episode eight Luke who
episode oh I actually think Luke's gonna
make it yeah
wait we lost we lost Han Solo yeah we
lost Carrie Fisher in real life yep and
I think even if they were originally
planning on killing Luke I think they'd
realize it would just be too goddamn
depressing though I think he's going to
survive I'm totally with you I'm totally
with you yes true and Yoda made it made
it all the way to to return if they're
doing if they're doing that so if
anything Luke's going to eat it in
return
Hamill wants to be done with it so he's
going to die where is he where's he said
this I would like to know where Mark
Hamill has said this I know a Harrison
Ford was fairly vocal yata lining out
where's Mark Hamill said this yeah Dooku
Luke will dine with her in later as a
boy fist no he'll know he's gonna
survive and he's gonna learn the lesson
that no the galaxy really does need Jedi
course of course he will and then and
then in the in the ninth movie that's
that's when well he'll be the tenth when
they actually if they do kill him it'll
be the little be the trilogy he's gonna
last this trilogy amazing a lot the
whole trilogy yeah I don't I don't I
don't I don't think they're gonna kill
him off I don't think they're too damn
too depressing they're not gonna come
off this movie I'm saying next movie I I
think he's I think he last ball hmm
him him and ray picking up the pieces at
the end is was gonna be that's what's
gonna be Jack oh I mean you're probably
right knowing you rich you're probably
right
hologram Tupac is gonna play young nice
win dude
no ray you go off and have exciting
adventures I need to stay here and
rebuild the Jedi Order Oh yep someone
you are needed elsewhere you know ray
fighting alongside with you has proven
to me how important it is to train the
young Jedi even if I do make mistakes
like with Kyle you you are needed to
fight the good fight in other parts of
the galaxy where the the new the calling
of the new order what are they calling
oh the new order is the bad guy yeah
we're the new order still remains you
need to go do I will stay behind and
train the next generation Oh Luke you're
an inspiration to me and all the Jedi's
and kylo Ren will help you because we're
amending me and Kyle over rent were
mending mending and he's gonna help me
train the new Jedi Oh Luke we're gonna
lose friend friend friend friend that's
my that's my impression of Rey is she
British and everyone ever every actress
is British these days and her actors
they're all everyone every single one of
us you have a British accent in the
movie I honestly can't hey Luke it's
like this is not British but it's a
little British no kylo stays bad he
killed Hanford I'll bet you a hundred
bucks
ha ha ha ha ha yes
his turn might even be at the end of the
next movie out of 8
if kylo turns good which kylo totally
will turn good the seeds are already
fucking there you got a tip us a hundred
bucks because he's he's too bad being
evil to be the final bad guy he's too
bad at being evil because this whole
thing is he's a Darth Vader wannabe yep
yeah which is great which is which works
great at for him as a bad guy but oh no
no of course he's gonna he's gonna team
up with Rey to take out the bad guys
it's gonna be is good so exactly what do
we do when we fall kylo Ren
and cow be like you're you're you're
totally right right and now now that
I've learned my lesson and fallen we
will we will take on emperor Snoke Snoke
is going to declare him a failure zap
him with force lightning and his last
scene in the movie he's going to be
huddled and Anna and a little ball his
costumes gonna be torn up and it's going
to be raining yep and and we're gonna
zoom out and Rey will be there yeah yeah
extended her hand like she did in the
first movie remember she extended a
lightsaber
I shall extend her hand okay hello and
he'll go ray you can teach me it is not
too late it's not you like I know ray
not me Luke
cuz that's where the failure occurred
it'll be Luke walks up to him and holds
out the hands yes
savvy gray I guess cuz they might do a
switcheroo ray could be the one that
ends up in carbonite and who's gonna end
up in carbonite yeah oh yeah I wonder Oh
Cass no cool the kidnapper now all hope
is lost and Luke walks up to kylo Ren no
it's not too late hey Thank You uncle
Luke right ray might end up in the
Carbonite equivalent ooh I like it yeah
cuz Snoke witness knows the cab he wants
her instead because she's more powerful
mm-hmm I like it I like it
mark hey mark this down rich just
figured it out
I like that makes so much sense rich you
just that's totally it market rich
figured out the the next movie the last
Jedi my British impression is quite
amazing I know that's my way the last
one last one ends d cryptically with you
know wide shot Luke just staring at Rey
no words this one's gonna pay him long
it'll be kylo Ren Luke walks up to him
won't say any words they'll zoom out and
kylo no word there won't be any words
the employee I mean I can't I can't make
the face and so I'm what I'm doing is
describing his face but also I really
like my kylo Ren voice and so everyone
that more Finn starts eight in carbonite
well maybe see you in eight months this
is gonna be it I love that I love that
ending that makes so much sense and then
in the last movie is just Ray's be like
with Snoke being like no I'm good
it looks like but evil laughs evilly
like good and kylo and Luke come and
save the day Luke might get it then
we'll see we'll see we'll see
all right great let's wrap this up
where do i how do we do this how do we
do this thing with it hey one last time
one last tip is this vaguely related to
some tired sad says do you think the big
Empire Strikes Back callback will have
Luke revealing he's Ray's father I won't
be surprised I won't be surprised at all
I hope it's not a parentage her
parentage at this point has to be
something interesting does it yes
doesn't it wouldn't be otherwise there's
no mystery to it if they say oh it's no
your parents were these people we have
never met or seen before they can't do
that
but does it did they can't do that like
it wasn't a big thing that people that
abandon her on the the salvage planet
yeah it's a big thing no I have the
parents the family that she's been
waiting for for years she found her new
family that was the point of it she
found her solo and chewbacca
there is a mystery and just for the
audience's sake the answer to that
mystery has to be something interesting
to us we have to we have to know who her
parents were oh we have to attend to me
I guess that wasn't important I don't
want it to be Luke I won't be shocked
cuz if it's Luke Luke is just a giant
asshole can't be Hanalei up because they
would have read they would have said
something I do not to be Luke I don't
want it to be it's gonna why
whuzzamatter cuz then Luke was more shy
an asshole please he's trying to protect
her from the Jedi stuff oh yeah novel
pushers where Lee
on this harsh planet was nobody better
than people trying to kill her be
slightly better than people trying to
kill her hang out with me cuz I'm a
badass Jedi I can protect you
badass Jedi were the fucking imperial
government coming to kill me looking for
my bap they can't find her they can't
find him no one can find him Luke's our
Father huh looks gonna oh I hope Luke's
not her father's up I'm gonna say there
is a I'll go 78% chance
Lucas her father oh I hope I'm
seventy-eight percent certain I really
hope not what one is it makes Luke of
giant asshole - it's just - yeah I mixed
you Luke a giant asshole drama it's just
Rama now and it's too obvious smoking
three trying to convert rate of your
father abandoned you what did he do for
you I will give you the power it's all
there oh it's all there I've I have
decrypted
your right so often that I don't like it
I don't like that it's a possibility
rich I don't even like it alright hey
let's take a moment and thank all the
people who have subscribed to us during
this stream much like Steve the ghosts
uh beer Meister twenty eighty nine
nineteen fucking monster room gave him
the fucking did oh it's one short well
you got an extra fucking so fuck off
could tomb 46m kahani nice morrow Arkady
is an hour in there hottie
Mario Mario 42 four thirty four fucking
months in a row and Mario Marius is
finally playing guacamelee after a mere
two and a half years after your review
gameplay is fun also getting close to
that sweet thirty-six months shit yeah
give us moon for twenty fucking monster
oh and you earned that fucking
dish stir um was it
Anish Anish um yeah Anish zero one one
one says love you show will you ever
play witcher 3 wild huh
maybe someday i've never rolled it out
i've never said I hate The Witcher and I
don't want to play it I've said I've I
got this weird block where I'd want to
play the series in order and I just you
can get over don't like one you can get
over that I do want to play it
unfortunately we just played two big
open world games and so I didn't have
room in my heart but I'm getting there
I'm getting there
so yes one day I think we well where
were we
Quinn some niak says I blame you frauds
for my crippling depression lol fuck my
cock darkus says what our next the end
of stream is what our next row beer
scout
Esterhazy bento box of doom evil lord
david says hey guys
damn here for six months in a row still
love you both and want you to be happy
thanks David uh you know David every
time you said David here it makes my day
there was a that's a great running
running bit you get electric crowbar
purple space bazooka for twenty seven
fucking months in a row says twenty
seven months as part of this hack fraud
parade thanks for all you guys do rusty
Cole mochi b85 for thirty four fucking
months in a row we're getting close says
fight we have one already I know we're
getting close to a whole bunch yeah no I
know bud saved all this sub money I
could have made the deposit for a house
with love mochi small houses with small
very small house every tiny house walk
out a dollhouse for four-foot per maybe
they have a show they have a whole show
on
channel that's all about people living
in tiny houses and buying tiny houses
yeah building like absurdly small houses
that's a show about doll houses I know
more about doll houses than I should
I've worked in miniature I've had to
bide like dollhouse furniture okay
though we need a little set looks like
real Airy so yeah well Bauhaus furniture
is the best way to do that yeah it's
good looking for I've spent for a grown
man I've spent a lot of time in Del
house stores I am sure they're just
thinking another one of these guys oh
yeah oh yeah no you're buying it for a
movie said we're a miniature from movie
I yeah so circa me listen it's easier
for us to do our job if you just drop
the facade tell us what you want we're
not here to judge we like dollhouses too
we work in dollhouse doors
iein furniture on the scale of an orange
orange with a face on it oh you're gonna
put this up your butt aren't you don't
like this up here that's an oddly
specific well one of the characters is a
cucumber yes but but I tell you about
the most awkward moment I had me a
microworld or making oranges step which
but yeah if you don't know what oranges
says you can't find anywhere it's
terrible movie done with talking fruit
like faces painted on them a little
dollhouse furniture for the sets yeah we
need a cucumber for scene so we had to
go to the grocery store me and Mike the
only thing we were buying two grown men
one cucumber the ended up being the most
embarrassing thing well just hope that I
got ya just in my hands one cucumber
between us one single case at some point
Mike realized and just start like
walking away well at least you didn't
also need to buy like oh we need to make
sure that something is glossy go get a
big thing of petroleum jelly it's just
big thing of petroleum jelly and a
cucumber gun Friday night Friday night
my last one was mokey ya know I said why
oh you did them
I did walk out Segan 12 20 27 fucking
months in a row
mr. caboose who properly capitalizes
different parts of his name thank you
this time it's lupus for 18 months in a
row says I will forever miss the wheel
from on candid camera and Gary Coleman -
repeated allusions to and downright
featuring child rape from fire safety -
embarrassing children into my twin dolls
nothing will ever replace the will of
the worst nothing ever is true that's
true nothing will ever replace it
chica MooMoo
it says titanfall 2 is what happens when
devs take criticism to heart great
campaign we revisit I've heard good
things
no no I don't fault - yeah lotta games
haven't gotten around to it don't play
everything insane we just can't yeah
death John uh lupus the third this time
is lupus I think you have a doppelganger
Alex Lowe can tanker Asst B's
cantankerous B's they're not anime Lupin
the third or something
Oh Lupin's like that's an anime thing
the hell an anime just because I've
enjoyed a couple animes here and there
does not make me an you might have heard
of whatever it is you got wrong
what really love where'd we leave off
anime Noah let's go cantankerous bees we
were on cantankerous bees and you were
back on Lupin so this is excellent
MC Lucas birth 34 fucking months in a
row says I give you hack frogs 15 a
month on patreon plus five months for
the prereqs sub love you guys and I hope
you don't mind the adblock haha do not
obviously it doesn't hurt anybody on a
small scale but my larger example are
what who's really going to hurt is the
service provider
I thought MC was gonna start complaining
about the money they've just thrown down
the toilet no it's like it makes sense
but remember we're using these services
for free like that's the medium between
us and if they go it's gonna be a lot
harder so two months away from a lot of
them here I know don't worry we got
plenty of we got plenty of poppers oh
it's me it's my turn
yes it's bill la hecka for thirty four
fucking months in a row bill says thirty
four months this just means you have two
months to come up with a new way of
saying my month's number we already have
clocks tick Gamla guardian he made it
was gobbled it goes right yeah they
already made it there you're late you're
early my turn you might have missed it
you might yeah yeah and it's oh it's
coming up we're you're gonna see it
plenty don't want you worried it's
stupid it's the dumbest thing
it's a dumbest thing it was something
I'm sorry it's all we had we're pretty
dumb you know well I don't you were
gonna do it xeno Trobe for 33 fucking
months of roses why am i why must I
forever be one month behind bill la
hecka
I think I think that's that's obvious
that's just how time works it's the same
reason I will always be older than my
brother Hey well until you did Captain
James May says thank you for all the
laughs he saw that he's last outlast me
after I died
ha ha ha ha ha you know what to shape
lol fuck the Toronto Maple Leaves it's
not just a gimme true true after you
know and subtract the time that he
wasn't around before when you were
you're right you're right
space jack 2084 for 14 months in a row
says you know what's good a fresh hot
pretzel you know fuck yeah fuck yeah
space jack fresh hot pretzel maybe a
little little cheese sauce or a little
mustard on that fuck yeah I'm with you
I'm with you space Jack I love a fresh
shot pretzel rambunctious rapscallion
says Jack I would trash your fucking ass
first of all I'm married she owe in
super smash bros and rich would you
right I mean I believe it I'm not like a
smash profession I just enjoy playing
the game rich would you rather rewatch
rogue one or replay Firewatch in its
entirety without the indicators Jack
suggested row 1 because that's to our
experience versus the five our
experience of fire watch Robo nose clean
hey see it's still shorter okay plus
it's more passive I could just like
daydream while watching wrong yeah yeah
sure the AC says the AC says gangster
boogie cool Jake's hoon J Ben Olli
sticky trap a Clockwork stolid fer 30
months in a room crocodile brain for 30
months in a row crocodile brain says hey
guys I made it to 30 months 30 fucking
munson wrong I made it to 30 months and
wanted to let you know my lady did agree
to getting a dog here's a pic of our
french bulldog who is named ba Huglin
well thank you crocodile brain for
sharing we will try to keep up the good
work I mean it's great if you're a dog
person that's great if I didn't say
fucking 4 o'clock or someone I'm gonna
say that when I got the clockwork Stalin
for 30 fucking months in a row somebody
left the fucking up my alley raza for 14
months in a row
fuzzy brick a horrible glory for 29
fucking months in a room as light Oh a
slight buzzing
I like that I get it
a slight buzzing thank you Claudio Moni
45 anti shatter hero Jin sex says or
hardly working nice God fada
42 427 fucking months in a row says
here's two exactly 27 more there's a man
with a plan
they know what's going on after after
that after what 54 after 54 months the
fucking out of here Cerie chin for 14
months and roses for a second I got
excited thinking I reached 2 years then
I realized I math did wrong in the first
glance got a turn in my Asian card now I
guess that's racist
sorry Jen you're you're a shame to your
ancestors you're so racist ma maiden
love what maiden locked up la what up
Maiden la what up says I just say Madon
Madon Madon locked up and not made in
wat up you know you're saying a weird
made in LA what up well why would ya why
the world why the extra one there's
there's w there's one yeah la la w-whoa
maiden wha top oh yeah for some reason
the word law didn't stick out this is
this is why I don't know I'm on it's not
really different words I don't know if
capitals would help I'm just not sure
how they want us to pronounce that
that's it's a tough one it's the worst
middle maiden la top says is air dashing
replacing shovel Pogo bouncing it
absolutely is a or did but for the
shovel Pogo bouncing because it was fun
though but you know what at least for
this one
they designed whole new levels around
the new jumping gimmick yeah unlike a
plague of shadows
which just reuse the old ones and you
just had to do the same thing so that
was nice of them to do uh wait longer
walrus to the brush oh yeah sin ghuli
for nine mil we don't tell you that for
under a year this is Van Gogh Lee says
uh the more you take I beat you you see
yeah Wow you're a fucking Grinch check I
am um you're f you started giving and
then you took away their anyway little
list spend golly
Svengali says the more you take away
from it the larger it grows what is it
the more you take away from it the
larger it grows
an empty space that's something I'm sure
it's something physical something simple
space
nowhere it's like a bank account like
the more you take over my pudding it's
logical yeah that's not how that works
at all no I was giving an example I was
giving an example of a real thing like a
hole just a hole a hole you're digging a
hole the more you take away from it the
larger grows my being I someone said
hole yeah yeah but you said empty space
a whole rich I came up with that before
you were reading it from the chat you
said an empty space then I said hole oh
okay not oh I like that knowledge the
more you take away the larger it grows
that's known as a hole that's the answer
I'm sure what are you the Republican
Party oh I don't know I'll get it I get
it it was just a joke I'm not an actual
dig or a political statement it really
was just a joke it's too late you've
already said it someone's already
writing us a bad email yeah I know
contact that red letter media we're on
this one oh that's my turn that's right
mr. shields e coffee four mana lady
Denning for 17 months in a row
hunchback jack for twenty three fucking
months in a row says what is this what's
that in metric months either way thanks
for the games the laughs and the
outrageous opinions
you're welcome hunchback Jack Lamont
sausage toes for 28 fucking months in a
rose grand Azul Dante and Erebus and
ather thank you for subscribing we truly
and on ironically appreciate it's true
we really do nowadays night moving your
night what make it a good one a good
shuttle night and make it a good spectre
of a shovel
No
