Episode 776
Dawn of Zelda's Twilight (part 2)
June 6, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zSCYilZCubQ
___________________________________________

alright Anonymous's I never heard the
word ocarina until later in adulthood
when nerds talked about zelda ocarina
sounds like Macarena from that popular
90s song hey Macarena octo rocks is
hilarious though okay okay
the zaiah says he here's a tip for more
Zelda in Spirit Tracks Zelda starts to
lose it when she realizes some dude is
trying to possess her body it's fun to
watch
oh yeah that's right that's right do I
have to play this game
spirit rock yes it's fun well it's
feared rags are phantom our expert rack
spirit racks is gonna go well with the
possession yeah it's fun I might still
have it
I might not but I might have it lying
around oh no I don't I don't have that
anymore but you would need a regular DS
I think I'm pretty sure I have one yeah
I don't I've never trade in any of my
systems oh okay but you might like it
it's good like it's like I said with the
3ds doesn't play dsk yeah the 3ds does
not play dsk it plays 3ds
ghost rats I forgot about them
[Laughter]
it's it's very linear sure but it's fun
it works on three dias whoa whoa whoa
whoa you can play DS games on the 3ds is
that that's prices you yes only well
like I still have my old ps2 so I guess
I've just never tried yeah
but yes I'm very surprised apparently
Jack is stupid no I just never tried
this I can't pry that I can't pry the
3ds away from Karen
little little animal crossing animal
crossing oh shit oh sorry little I'm in
a lot oh god I'm so sorry man it's fine
this is a game changer this is a game
changer for me literally literally a
game changer I'm so sorry I had no idea
the cartridges are different for the 3ds
everyone so I guess I just assumed I
assumed and I'm so you know what that
makes that makes an ass out of the UN me
so
they have internet on computers now him
so I yeah I apologize for the
misinformation this was this was a
tragic mistake
but like you said you have to play it on
that regular - yes anyway but yeah
Spirit Tracks is a fine game did you
play did you play Phantom Hourglass it
oh no didn't I was a fine game to a lot
of the a lot of the Zelda I handle you
know they're very simple they're simple
it's a lot more puzzles than combat
which is nice I've played the only the
only handheld Zelda I've played is I
played a little bit of okar in uh yeah
that's not a handle it's on the 3d yet
that's yeah but that I mean it's on the
handheld but that's not a handle that
one and the links awakening Leah oh okay
sure old school the old school
typically don't have panty line they ask
that's that was Karen's yes you're not a
hand helper yeah typically it's you know
what it's been a while since I've given
Link's Awakening a try I remember play
you know trying to play it back in the
day and not having a terribly good time
but maybe with everyone everyone's
recommending that they're saying that's
the good one
I love the Oracle games I played both
Oracle games and I'm actually replaying
them or I'm going to replay them after I
replay minish cap just because I do
really enjoy the Oracle of season and
Oracle of Ages
those were fun games
that's a weird that's that might be a
hard question to answer
agent riot rich but think back in time
they're asking about the first game we
ever played probably pong pong pac-man
be somewhere in that era
well not quite pong is a little bit
before pac-man but the first we had out
we had a pong machine yeah in her home
nice for that reason it could have been
pong and you know what for me it's the
exact same thing at my grandma's house
and at the time my grandma lived next
door yeah
become you know farm ah she actually had
pong three so you could play pong three
ways it was right oh okay okay it was
regular pone and it was the other one
was it was a whole line with with a
space missing and you had to get the
ball in the hole yeah so it was like
reversed pong and then the other one was
pong versus versus a computer one of the
controllers
a I plan yeah so pong three rich it was
intense
so my the very first video game I ever
played was pong three Jack I'm so happy
for you
well I'm just we both played the first
game of the same first game I'm trying
to think back to like like the first
game I can really like remember getting
into it's like a kick in the nuts every
time I find one of these Oh Midna stamp
yeah they added these in the HD version
stamfa fuck you too yeah what was it
like growing up on a farm but I don't
for me it was far me like we didn't have
animals like well into like teenage
years we got rid of the animals when I
was pretty young but when there were
animals there you fucking take the eggs
out of the chicken house you milk the
cows you know you do the shit we had a
giant corn field behind our house which
was awesome only because I think I've
talked about this on screen before we
used to play corn tag which was us
literally running into the cornfield
that night and trying to whip ears of
corn at each other and it was painful
and terrible and so we all spread out in
the cornfield rip off an ear ear of corn
and just chuck it in the general
direction we thought someone was and
then you listen for it to hit someone or
the ground and then you just run and
Chuck corn I'm so glad I didn't drop her
fucking a farm
yeah I mean you know what we didn't have
a lot of movies in the house we didn't
have video games we didn't have we
didn't have a lot to do and so you go
out in the field you chuck corn at each
other but also like behind the house
there was like a really great creek and
woods and I like very different than my
life now where you know I'm a city
person now but like we spent all day
walking around in the woods and playing
in the creek and doing chores and stuff
like that so it was actually a really
fantastic childhood and looking back on
it now you know like my my kids who have
both grown up in the city have no like
if they when we go to the park they
freak out about like touching grass to
their bare legs they're like what is
that nature fucking you like if they
brush up against a tree they're they're
traumatized so that's a little strange
but all right so I need to raise this
someone habits stay up what is a quick a
quick is a small stream imagine a river
but about this wide it's a very tiny
it's like a stream Creek I know it's
called a creek we called it a creek and
that's just how I said it so that's how
I'm gonna say so my god did Jack grow up
in Mark Twain's childhood book now like
I mean like we we had a TV we just
didn't watch much of it we had a couple
movies but you know my my grandma and
grandpa were neighbors two hours two
hours and we had a neighbor across the
street and then the closest neighbor
besides those two was a 10-minute walk
down the street like there there was no
one there was fucking no one around us
it was a half hour drive to the grocery
store so you know like they're just
there just wasn't a lot to do so we went
exploring alone oh my god what's like
trying to figure this what's going on
with this puzzle uh stuff okay you can
do it yep okay yeah across the strip we
go to the creek settle down once y'all
call it a creek
huh what'd you call it a creek what's
wrong with calling it a creek I could
because I've always called it a creek
and so I said Creek like I didn't think
twice about calling it a creek I'm sure
it was not pronounced correctly fucking
Hicks you disgust me
[Laughter]
did we have Oh we had dogs no we had
dogs we had at any given time we
probably had two or three dogs at the
height of cats I want to say we had 15
at the height of cats at the height of
cats we had 15 cats but like in general
they were like more than five cats but
they're all outdoor cats you know like
and they were like they were work cats
they you know humped the mice and keep
them away from the other animals and so
I was like dude I don't listen I my my
my country ways are slipping into my
vocabulary Crick
oh you folksy country FOMA uh you know
what they that's what they call me rich
salt of the earth
like you have to get back out right this
can't be over yeah
when rich is telling Jack his
pronunciation is wrong you know it's
wrong that's true right thanks Jack
bought some cinnamon just programmed
exclamation point corn to pass time on
the farm Jack would go out and chuck
corn for fun so keep that in mind next
time you wonder why he enjoys a terrible
game
thanks cinnamon the guy at Jack the guy
yeah there there wasn't a lot to do
there was not a lot to do on the farm oh
wait I think I have her oh yeah that's
why they give me bombs no shit no shit
rich look so you know wait and play in
the cornfield I have a monster in this
be a challenge would you Nintendo nope
this is ham to be a fuckin walk in the
park yep yep it does Oh shucks anyway
we'll move on from the farm we'll move
on and you know like from the farm we
move you can stay on the farm as long as
you want Jack right I'm trying to think
of like I'm trying to think of anything
of note happened on the farm and it
really didn't because after a while you
know the animals were gone and but like
there's still like a giant empty barn
and silo to play in at my grandparents
house they had a golf cart
can you not combo items in the dungeon
for some arbitrary reason combo items
you can mix the mixed normally you can
mix the bombs with the arrows and get
exploding arrows oh sure that's great
out now for I don't know why oh I have
no idea why I guess I guess you can't do
it whilst right here what yes Jan I did
wish for hero mode earlier I had
forgotten I I intended this to be a
quick run through the game and I had
forgotten exactly how easy this game is
yeah that's on me yes I get it I get it
coffee for mana yeah sometimes I miss
the farm like right now my kids are
getting old enough and they're getting
citified enough where it's really
important to me to take them camping
it's very important for me to get them
out in nature more and get them to a
place where like hey guess what maybe we
can't order food tonight because there's
no food to order you know I'm also
incredibly spoiled by the city knowing
that I can just walk around the corner
and get eight different kinds of
delicious food is beautiful Oh tiny
skeletons how sad
what are they supposed to be skeletons I
have no idea but they're adorable they
are they're they're just too cute nope
not that one I didn't fuckin walk here
that's been done Domino's please deliver
to camp fire right well so like you know
my I missed the farm in like I liked
knowing that something different was out
there I don't miss the farm in that I
can actually do stuff at night like we
moved from the farm to like the
outskirts of the suburbs and then into
the suburbs and even once we were into
the suburbs like as a teenager there was
nothing to do you know there there was
no places for me to go and I found
myself incredibly bored all the time and
I don't think like my children will
never be bored because in the city there
is always something to do
there's always activities there's always
places to go so if I had to choose like
now I well I get to choose because I'm
an adult then I can choose where I want
and I would choose the city every time
because the city has more stuff
I cheated when I went camping we sat in
the car with the a/c when it got too hot
and buggy Oh terrible sorry Jen it's
terrible it's a travesty yeah I'm
actually I'm planning I'm planning a
pretty intense road trip this summer
because my boys are finally opening yeah
and it will be it'll be about a week and
a half of all driving and camping going
up to Canada yeah and I'm going to take
the boys and we're not gonna stay at any
hotels we're gonna drive till we hit
they're gonna bring so many batteries
they're good we're gonna need a lot of
USB chargers I'll tell you what but it's
just gonna be driving and camping all
for a week and a half going up to Canada
and back and I'm super excited about it
because I love road trips and I do enjoy
camping in general but I mean for them
especially for the road trips it's like
okay so we'll bring the DS will bring
three DS we'll probably bring a switch
bring the iPads
just bring some DVDs
get a solar and get a solar charger well
we'll be in the car for most of the time
so we can charge it in the car
Lisa and the kids are going to leave in
the forest no Lisa Lisa is not coming
Lisa doesn't care for camping so it will
also be a vacation for her because I'll
take the children away for a week and a
half so he's very excited about that dis
dat said mrs. Jack come up through Fargo
I can recommend all the best restaurants
PS there are none must have missed one
oh this little area yeah Lisa's the
smart I I told her I had this dumb idea
and she and she said oh that sounds nice
very patronizing way well in a very like
she was testing the water like she wants
to be supportive but she also doesn't
want to go okay that's nice and I was
like yeah I think I can leave work for
that long well that's exactly and and I
said well is oh don't worry like you
don't have to come this is just
something I want to do like or if you
want like you know I'll just do all the
driving and you can work from the roads
oh I might have seen it to do something
oh okay well then you know you can just
stay home oh yeah that's probably for
the best
right like that's right off I'm really
good idea uh and so yeah and I'm fine
with it I'm fine with that invite
collagen I'm going to a different part
of Canada I'm not going to Kalinin Jim's
part of the Canada Canada is pretty big
Canada is fucking giant I'm not going to
the city Canada I'm going to the country
Canada
well we fish we probably won't fish I've
never been super big into fishing I
really enjoy sitting in a boat and
drinking beer I enjoy that part of
fishing but I've never cared about
actually catching a fish and so then for
me I could just sit anywhere and drink
beer I don't need to be in a boat
yes captain epoch understatement is
Canada is pretty big
Canada is fucking giant but I'm gonna
I'm gonna go I'm out I'm going out west
near Calgary and I say near Calgary it's
hours away from Calgary but that's just
the closest big city that some people
might know we're here we're going very
far away it's gonna be great it's gonna
be great my kids are probably gonna hate
it come day - like day one's gonna be
all fun oh yeah we get to drive in the
car we get to camp away we have to drive
in the car camp again wait we have to do
this the whole fucking trip yep yep it's
gonna be a very unpopular dad that'll be
great it'll be fucking great what did I
miss
were smarter you gotta find another
ghost yeah
alright we got ya sorry Jen says what do
you guys think of the new details for
the first sell 2 DLC pack tingle outfit
is the stuff of nightmares I guess the
sword trial would be kind of interesting
still waiting on DLC 2 news like I said
I am the new outfits the new treasures
are gonna be fun for me I still haven't
found all of the old treasures I haven't
done a lot of exploring only because I
got I like I didn't care about exploring
and fighting anymore because the weapons
were so frustrating to me it was it
super was rich that was a big deal to me
so I'm most excited about this trial
pack if it does indeed turn the master
sword unbreakable I think I might break
the game because it's balanced around
breakable weapons right part of the
incentive for exploring as you might
find the neat weapon
yep that Aggies a mess inside max's side
bet son yep yep that's all I care about
so it's gonna ruin the game I think it's
gonna ruin the game for you it'll work
sure me it'll be bored tears after you
get that master serve it wasn't real
walking around enough feel great out
being adventurer that's what I want to
do it'll be great
so I'm really excited about that outfits
I don't necessarily care about but uh
that there were some there was some
really cool armor and so what last thing
I had to do was a dog
oh I don't think it's unbreakable I just
think it makes it permanently 60 what
does that mean permanently 60 60 damage
okay now that's 29 unless it's magical
and glowing then it's 60 which I
definitely don't want that
this is overpowered then no no and it's
only magical and glowing if you have
full heart sir if you're no if you're
fighting Ganon or a boss or one of the
robot things right well there but one is
glowing there they're saying that that
when it's not glowing it's still the 60
game oh oh that with maybe with this
normally right in the game it just 29
when it's not going that's what they're
telling me is that the trials if you
defeat the trials it doesn't turn it
unbreakable it just makes it more
powerful all the time it would be then
it would just be oh it would still be
overpowered nobody then it would break
and stuff oh yeah but still break
whatever five you're you're full of your
nuts after three and you're a crazy man
no that is not medicine Jack that is so
not true anyway it breaks way too fast
that is so if you're using it against
tougher enemies why are you using it
against tougher enemies does 29 damaged
and well no shit it's only lashing you
three if that is the case I will have to
look into this then I will not be
purchasing the DLC I I want a weapon
that doesn't break that's what I want I
hated the breaking weapons
oh thanks Pam Bob apparently we are dumb
no we are the type owed but apparently
we're approximately 5,000 views away
from 1 million twitch views oh that's
great but in any case that's what I'm
hoping for is a weapon that doesn't
break even if it's a weaker weapon
that's what I was if it's a weaker
weapon that's the only thing that would
potentially balance it right the the
master storage 28:29 that's still too
powerful powerful for an unbreakable
weapon I will look into this more I will
look into this more the blue prism last
week rich recommended thief of gold to
me I played the first two missions on
expert and my favorite part so far is in
the mines where the spooky skeleton
throws its head at you uh thanks rich
from Drew no problem no problem yes
there's a spooky skeleton in one level
there's a head of you just one but they
like in the game they liked it yeah like
that spooky spell skeleton hijack says
death metal six ones eggs curious if you
ever checked out any comics by Jonathan
Hickman it's one of my favorite comic
writers he doesn't I'm amazing I'm
fantastic for a series I never thought I
would like know what else is dumb I'm
really bad with names if I have a really
hard time remembering people's names
even people's names who I like I will
look into this hold on
gun a fan Hickman Jonathan Hickman
Fantastic Four shield yeah you know what
I don't think I haven't read any of his
comics no I don't believe I have so and
yeah Fantastic Four is not necessarily
like you said it's not necessarily
something I care about so I never would
seek that out my shield secret warriors
no I haven't seen I haven't read any of
those books death metal six one six last
stream you guys suggested I play the
other Arkham games other than night
loving it so far well great yeah the
Arkham games fun though wasn't good
because Knight is the bad one
haha the Ayatollah of rock n Rolla says
love the stream rich yes I saw Star Trek
the motion picture when I was very young
yeah I was so confused by the character
of lieutenant Lee oh yeah were why were
Deltans sworn to celibacy could sex with
them kill humans was Decker immuned no I
think this is more to do with crazy
religious beliefs
alright that was that was what my
interpretation I would trust your
interpretation of Star Trek the motion
picture some blue guy in chat now I just
want to keep asking guys Zelda questions
now for which is Zelda game has the best
obviously not breath of the wild I think
the rest even the mobile have good
dungeons
that's seem to me that would be really
difficult because like they all Zelda
games in general blur together in my
head real easily and all of the mobile
games have that same that a very similar
like top-down perspective and it's just
there's a blur of dungeons it's been a
while it's been a while since I've
played some of them yeah so I guess it's
hard to compare when I'm so rusty and I
might not remember right precisely how
amazing some of the dungeons were you
know I am with you I do know this coming
up actually I don't mind this dungeon
right here but the sky dungeon in this I
forget what they call it where you get
the double hook shot oh yeah that's some
fun stuff that was great yeah I remember
fucking loving that with the Wiimote and
you know cuz he oh that was great times
I remember liking the dungeons in Wind
Waker sure uh how do you compare let's
see how do you compare the 3d dungeons
with some of the classic 2d ones you
know right it wasn't good combat in
those like 30 things on screen at once
and you're concentrating on dodging and
attacking all of the combat in the 3d
ones is just it's so blah I think you
have it backwards I think the combat and
the 2d ones are blah pollute sweep sweep
sweep sweep plate
yeah but the amount of things you're
fighting and you're while you're dodging
fireballs that are coming at you
sometimes I guess it depends on the game
combat and this is just you thwack it
with the sword that falls over you get
all these great moves and it's a shame
there's nothing interesting to hit with
them yeah yeah I mean yeah I mean here I
mean the original Selma's they weren't
about the ridge of the original Zelda
was not about the puzzles that's true it
was more about thing of the combat clear
you clear the room and then the door
opens right right this maybe they every
now and then there's one hidden switch
or something but in general clear the
room get a key let's clear the room the
door opens you know that's really true
you didn't need the item in the dungeon
to get through to get through the
dungeon right the items just help to
combat wise right yeah yeah that's a
good take rich
that's good take I mean I got a key rest
when I didn't need to key you do I
search everything room did I that's
where I came from enough time to the top
all right we're going back down like I'd
really like puzzle wise
nothing sticks out spectacular their
dungeon wise dungeon or puzzle wise
nothing sticks out spectacularly in my
head as I and so I do remember loving
both of the oracle games oracle of
season our behaviour hmm and so I'm sure
that had something to do with it I
remember minish cap having some
fantastic puzzles you know because you
had that whole size manipulation thing
in minish cap and so I remember some
really fantastic puzzles in those but
they all blur together
right tired says said I didn't care
about alien covenant covenant but
actively began to dislike it after
Ridley Scott discussed how he convinced
Fox to cancel Blomkamp's alien 5 for his
next batch yeah alien films but well
there's no guarantee that Blomkamp's
aliens sequel aliens to would have been
any good there's no guarantee that's the
thing tired and sad is we've talked
about this Blomkamp does not have a
great track record just because he is a
fan of aliens doesn't mean he will make
a good aliens movie and and they were
already wishy-washy on giving him that
franchise anyway so that doesn't mean
anything
alright so that's not the solution it's
gotta be a hook-shot thing in here right
go to dog is there anything you can
learn while being a dog no dogs are
stupid well
sure should lose half of what you know
what oh yeah you just need to make it to
that second
that over feel rich
we didn't even have a script yet
I'm sure chappy being shit and bombing
didn't help oh yeah yeah yeah and what
it wasn't gonna happen right so that
that's the real thing don't be mad don't
be mad at Ridley Scott for just making a
studio making a good decision whether
they give it to Ridley Scott or not
Blomkamp wasn't gonna make that movie
bad gamer Korean says I watched to split
yesterday and decided to watch another M
night film that's been on my list today
unbreakable
man that unbreakable is a fine movie
could have used more Sam Jackson
charisma though unbreakable is a fine
movie it's a real it's a it's a very
good movie that unbreakable rash I know
I'm very excited to see split
not only because I hear it's a good
movie but also it will shut Jay out
we've been telling you to cease play for
too long but apparently like if you're
on an M night kick what was that other
one the grandparents look up his other
movie JJ said it wasn't bad the movie
where the kids go to live with their
grandparents and there's something's not
right
from talking about this I'm presuming
you've seen success yeah I just stole
those best movie unbreakable is pretty
good it's fine
[Laughter]
unbreakable is awful says unit 603 idiot
only one act of an origin story that's
the fucking point it's that's what makes
it interesting that's what gives it its
character it's slow its deliberate well
it it leaves you wanting more right I've
never seen sixth sense says Adam Farias
pedy that's great only signs which is
pretty funny no and it probably hurts
cuz you probably know the the twist
everyone knows - everyone knows except
at this point right that would take away
a lot of it yes so it's great
West Coast year you what which one is
the visit oh is that the one with the
grandparents the visit the visit mm-hmm
I think that oh I remember him I
remember him that creepy dude if that's
what it's called I J says very good
things about the visit if you just saw
split and enjoying it
is it by the way you see looking links
face yeah the first time you find him
it's like yeah what the fuck is this
look at that thing you're right look it
by the way do you see is like weird tits
I've always hated that did you see that
it has it had like boobies with nipples
everyone on chat saw that that wasn't
just me things got weird tits hey guys
this is according to Robin you might
remember me announcing my book deal many
months ago I wanted to thank you again
your streams have been helping me
de-stress during the terrifying process
of launching it well congratulations
you're welcome camcording - Robin we
wish you the best of luck can you guys
talk about the buffett please I was
great rich won't talk about it because
he probably won't see it because he's
not big into horror movies but I can
tell you that it is fantastic builds
atmosphere like no movie I've seen in
recent history great characters great
acting especially from the children
actors the child actors and just
believable interesting salt-of-the-earth
characters and great the the pace of the
movie is something that stands out over
over anything else where they start you
with a shocker and then they stretch out
the entire movie you're just waiting for
this other shoe to drop and it gets
closer and closer and they tease you
with it it's it's just brilliant these
bugs don't even kill you
they probably slow you then yeah so then
like you know you don't want to crown
you when you were fighting the other two
guys sure sure oh that yeah that's what
Jay said the lead girl in the village is
the lead actress and split I need to see
split I know I need to see split but the
vova CH is is uh you know I was gonna
try and run through the sand but if I
could look Oh Porter heart Oh have my
half sorry Oh whole hard yeah the
fucking bomb took our hat jeez fuck you
man why I so should have started with
hero mode Tigger blue does the shoe
actually drop go just go see it go see
it I don't want I'm trying to give you
my thoughts on the Vova CH without
spoiling any of it it's just creepy
atmosphere and beautiful visuals and
wonderful acting you know me Jack should
I see it live Levitch I don't think it's
your kind of thing okay
I don't you just like I know you don't
like horror movies like I know you're
just a fan of filmmaking but if you are
the type of person that might have found
Blade Runner to be boring yeah and I
know Jay is in the same boat but he's
also a horror person so you know that
okay okay you might find it a little
boring because it's all atmosphere it's
fucking good atmosphere but I also
really like horror and the horror
elements were very nice
rich isn't scared of the horror movies
he just doesn't care for them
yeah was the witch even a scary movie
it's creepy it's like hanging in a
pillow
why would you make that wall kind of
high right but not really right
wait colonel rich what are you talking
about your your message what did you say
Colonel rich mustard where I miss I must
have missed something
remember Colonel rich mustard if you add
previously recorded underscore live it
shows up in bright red for us so it's
easier for us if you're talking to us if
you at previously recorded us
within the first 15 minutes it drops the
nightmare fuel the witch it does it does
it it drops it drops some horrifying
visuals it drops some big-time events
and then you spend the rest of the movie
writhing in agony it's great suta
vintage colonel rich rusted eagle
egoraptor zelda sequel itis have you
watched yeah kind of agree with it
mark Browns of game makers toolkit
series on all the Zelda games
it's called boss keys he goes quite in
depth with the dungeon design and that
and someone someone sent me like another
Zelda retrospective or someone went
through all of the console Zelda games
all the 3d console Zelda games and sad
I'm killing these bugs by damaging
myself just why not spin can you do the
spin move on them I'll just knock them
away I think it kills you if they're on
you kills them if they're on you right
try spinning
oh yeah they spawn infinitely as I said
I think the respondent the label
spinning that's a good trick
thank you someone sent me a series and
it was it was a quite in-depth look at
all of the 3d Zelda games and they were
they were long and incredibly in-depth I
thought and that might be the ones
you're talking about Colonel rich
mustard if you tweeted them at me maybe
I don't necessarily remember what
they're called I made it through a
little bit of their ocarina and their
Twilight Princess one but I couldn't get
all the way through because I thought it
was really boring it was very in-depth
but wrong them being in there it uh it
was also very meandering like it didn't
feel like it had a point these these
Zelda retrospectives I've done one heart
of damage so ah
how will we save Hyrule I guess you
won't I guess he just won't man
so yeah that was my love my thing about
you if that was the one you sent me I
forget what it was did he have us yes he
had a Scottish accent
he had a Scottish accent that's what I
remember
I'm not saying they were bad they were
they were incredibly in-depth but I just
didn't it didn't it didn't feel like he
was going anywhere with it he was almost
just listing all of the things that
happened and he wasn't saying if they
were good or bad or why they were good
bet he was just he just seemed to be
listing things that happened in the
games
I don't remember somebody watch they
were all the videos like an hour or so
long yeah about each of the three DS
elders yeah we're pretty good camera
video Scottish accent I don't think so
okay then they might've been I'm sure
though I'm sure everyone does one right
I remember this being a nice fight oh
there's a matt mitosis videos he goes
really in-depth to a fault
he said learn how to edit his stuff that
I that's what I'm that's what I'm
thinking or or at least at least have a
point yeah or yeah or edit stuff down
like there was just a lot of redundancy
in what he was saying but
you guys have another film in the works
are taking a break in focusing on
YouTube for now that's that's a question
for Mike and Jake
[Music]
rewind shocks as well just figured out
who sabotaged this appointed I think I
think I haven't figured out I'll
probably watch that tomorrow remember
having you - this - the dog
maybe don't they're gonna do rich are
you gonna do few versus Irish oh sorry
he had an accent that might be him I
don't know if that's him or not someone
tweeted a link to his videos whoever
this person is and like I said he might
have been Irish or Scottish sure he was
sunny with something I don't I didn't
much care for him not saying they're bad
just not my thing just just a little boy
just you know what they were they were
just dry they were just a little too dry
for me need a little meal awesome here
all right
anonymous as rich you've talked about
how you liked Jedi Knight Dark Horse's -
yep would you consider playing it on the
channel yes what it runs on when they
did it I did once
oh well then they go nothing I will do
it again
okay let's see here taco salad Tuesday
says Jack I need more farm animal
information what were the names of the
15 cats and miscellaneous dogs did any
of the chickens or cows have names no
you you never named the chickens or the
cows or the pigs because you eat them
later that's rude to be character design
that's rule number one by the way
that's rule number one never name the
animal so you're going to eat the cats
all had names and at one point I knew
all of their names but that point is not
right now we lost most of them to a
really rough bout of feline leukemia I
want to say at you know at the height of
cats it was 15 and then and then feline
leukemia spread through almost all of my
I think except for two so for two and so
yeah we lot we lost a good chunk of
kittens and full-grown cats to feline
leukemia
EPIK Jason x9 I did see your email of
Mark Hamill addressing his concerns with
the new Star Wars I did not share it
with rich I said in early doesn't care
about Star Wars letter Mark Hamill say
and by the way I thought that video was
kind of bullshit basically it was a
bunch of snip bits of Mark Hamill
questioning decisions from the new Star
Wars movies what decisions a little
stuff like um like well like first he he
wasn't sure whether he was gonna be in
them in the movies Jenny yeah like he
didn't know if he wanted to but then
like it's just that snippet of it you
know and obviously he did he was in the
movie so then that snippet is moved
because he was in the movies and then
and then he was saying like he didn't
like his involvement in episode waters a
lot basically it was taking a bunch of
portions of sentences from a million
different interviews and stringing them
together as if Mark Hamill is or doesn't
like the new movies yeah I didn't find
to be a very convincing video
Bob
the leukemia is a virus that is
contagious but not super contagious why
is it called Oh Helia that's just what
it's called feline leukemia I don't know
that is so dumb it's yeah do weird
things so yeah we lost most of them to a
bout of that
so yeah every Jason I saw that I had and
I didn't think it was very convincing
mostly because like it doesn't matter
because he's still in them you know like
he still did the movies so obviously
he's not against it enough to not be in
the movies so when I played Tess
oh yeah usually tennis when they're up
in here right oh you know what I can I
can remember one of the dogs name at one
point we had a lovely German Shepherd
whose name was Yogi and at the same time
we had a Great Dane named baby okay so
that's what I can tell you so that those
are some of the dogs names pass the
cheats Jack are you the one in the rlm
group who plays the most video games no
I think rich probably gets more hours
yeah you give kids yeah I guess that
probably is a huge crimp on video games
I got shit to do I gotta I gotta edit
the videos I gotta edit the video game
videos which takes up which takes up a
lot of time so rich probably gets the
most hours in yes
almost certainly
it's called feline leukemia virus
because it's a virus that causes blood
cancer you a virus that causes blood
cancer in cats Jesus oh that sounds like
a fucking nightmare oh it was rich I'm
telling you we lost 13 cats like within
days of each other Wow yeah oh yeah and
like sure they were outdoor cats but you
know they were still our cats
you know uh nope nope you're gonna die
like oh yeah epic gem I have not played
Mario Kart 200cc yet they added another
level of Mario Kart oh my god I know you
care but I haven't played it yet
I I haven't been ready for you I've been
warming up get up get up get up
no I'm in the wrong spot I think it
200cc looks crazy but I just haven't got
around to it
Terry this is such a neat item it's a
shame it never gets used that's the
thing like do you I'm trying to even
remember if you use it at all outside of
this dungeon there's a few spots in the
overworld where you can find a hard
container
look nope nope mean that again and run
button again that again I don't remember
200 cc on the Wii U Adam a gely unless
it was a later DLC package which I might
not have got I might have stopped
playing it at that point
200 CCS you have to use brakes it's too
fast for the tracks see that's gonna
that's that's a whole new Mario Kart
level that's exciting
look bullshit
break turning vital got my first silver
trophy okay yeah I'm excited to give it
a try
I'm excited to give it a go
did you see my DC Universe email I don't
remember if I saw that candy of crows
let's see here mr. Chen says there was a
free update a few days ago that includes
different languages oh that's right to
breath of the wild I did happen to
rewatch all of the memories in Japanese
with subtitles like an anime experience
ah
notice the if the tones felt different
MC Lucas says I feel your pain rich my
biggest problem with Twilight Princess
is the shit damage that enemies do I
miss the darknet enemies walloping you
for three hearts per hit there's nothing
like that at Twilight Princess yeah yeah
well is anything coming by the way like
other turf and hey guys
rich lester balls you got your hat yeah
that's right look at that hat it looks
like it fits I hope you like it
lots of love from Hartford Connecticut
what would you guys say has been your
favorite rlm project to work on and why
best of the worst that has fun hanging
out your friends and make a jokes you
know it really is I I think I would have
a very different answer if I had to edit
best of the worst cuz I can only imagine
that being a giant yummy
but fortunately I don't have to worry
about any of that this is where I came
in yeah I think that's a repayment but
as someone who just gets to hang out for
a day watch movies and make dumb jokes
it's great dad oh yeah fuck you Janet
fuck you you naysaying son of a bitch I
hit the wrong button now I'm dead hey
Jack I do like some x-men comics I just
finished reading Days of Future past
wondered what other storylines you'd
recommend Days of Future past is like
two comics that's not even a storyline
trying to think of some interesting ones
for you to read I don't even I'm not the
bait like me you know my wife is a
bigger x-men fan you know you might want
to start catching up on the Phoenix saga
rumor is that's what they're going with
the next x-men movie but that's a lot of
space stuff how do you feel about space
stuff Phoenix saga has a lot of space
stuff
um
they had a they had decent made a decent
arc in oh Jesus that's emotion they had
a really fun arc in ultimate x-men that
was kind of that was kind of similar to
it was the camp that they were taken to
in the original ice room IRA it does
that a fun run in an ultimate x-men
where they turned the x-men into
unwilling mercenaries then I thought was
a really neat art that's it look and
that's it
I don't remember specifically what it
was called but it was you know there's a
lot of fun in that ultimate x-men space
stuff like Star Trek no Marvel space
stuff which is all like gods and boopity
boopity stuff down there and it's all
mega punch
hey Jack I just want to say I like your
okra shirt that's a nice color
Thanks there's a really good one green a
blue it's great screen a blue
a pair we talked about that I think it's
a reference to the Pokemon stream come
back and come back when you grow up
Aaron Berger the the rifle oh sure
because III curb-stomped him by hitting
a repeatedly repeatedly I remember
repeatedly mega per day and that's a lot
of leg a punched that motherfucker up
cosmic shit like Galactus kind of like
half of the DC stuff yeah
the Phoenix have uh they were they were
meeting up with the starjammers and
there was a cosmic force that inhabited
gene or so he was a halt that that's a
whole shit and Phoenix saga what about
the scrolls
that's Marvel space stuff maybe the
shapeshifter yeah hard to keep track of
Alice yeah that was some shit luck there
yeah there I think there's some good
squirrel stuff of course like that led
to a million zillion different retcons
afterwards that led to a lot of comic
book bullshitter II this character that
died oh no well that turned out that
that was just a scroll alone let's be
fair the scrolls have been around since
the 60s oh I know I know they did that
secret invasion thing oh that's what I
was thinking of The Secret Invasion led
to a ton of uh this person was a Skrull
the whole time I'm just saying there's
Marvel space stuff that does not involve
Dee Dee's yeah yeah
what the fuck
yeah I get good fuck you
there was no way through there ah this
is some horseshit yeah it looks like it
that was me that was bad yeah
analysis rich just to clarify I was
referring to the 1997 dark forces game
not Jedi Knight Jedi Outcast which came
out in 2000
yeah i've streamed Jedi Outcast no but
they're talking about dark force oh not
today you never get a proper source part
of that it would be nice and if somebody
got most way done with one once and then
just gave up oh yeah oh I'm sorry no
money no money in that a high return Jax
is anonymous oh no found footage films
seem to get very bad rap but some of my
favourite horror films are found footage
films have you ever seen Grave
Encounters I don't know I also have not
you know it nice
the the problem the problem found
footage films is you know after those
first couple you kind of lose the gag
the one one of the the greatest things
about the Blair Witch Project was there
was that there was that looming is this
or isn't this real right
you could you could suspend your
disbelief because people are stupid but
yes no no even and even for those of us
who knew that it obviously was fake
there was a suspension of disbelief that
was plausible but the more that come out
the less plausible that suspension of
disbelief is so in general I don't I
just don't do fine I don't care for
found footage films anymore
some blue guy and chances last to sell
the question for the night if you had to
create a setting end or premise for the
Nexus Elda game what would it be I think
that joke idea for a cyberpunk setting
actually has some potential hmm I don't
know about that I'm about cyberpunk
Zelda I'll wait just give a laser sword
man I'm fine give a laser sword uh I
think you know one of one of the fun
things that could easily happen as far
as a breath of the wild expansion pack
is a either hundred years ago section
before the robots went crazy do what you
just did add more enemy types and more
dungeons there that's all you need is
but is there a setting you would you
would care for it maybe some larger ship
no Hyrule hey Zelda game yeah that's
what it is man I want I want Zelda in
New York I want to it's not a Zelda game
I don't know what that is I want I want
Crocodile Dundee
I want him crawling around buildings
what the fuck man I want I want him uh
uh I want him like having to go go to
hot dog vendors to get through the titty
that's Grand Theft Auto which you want
is Grand Theft Auto I want a mod for
Grand Theft Auto to make him look like
Zelda well you can't have a gun
what the fuck you I'm clearly choking
people a yearly uh Ken lab ocinski says
sup how do you feel about any story set
in space automatically being labeled
science fiction even when it definitely
isn't like Star Wars why don't people
understand what sci-fi is anymore yeah
yeah like a little prince you know
that's not sci-fi a little boy that
lives on like a planet size of a large
house oh sure okay jumps around from
comedy jumps out uses a comet to get
from little tiny spheroid you know maybe
events like a fantastical French
children's story oh okay yeah I don't
know it doesn't necessarily bother me
sci-fi versus versus fantasy exit except
for when expectations get in the way uh
with that perfect game boom right
perfect boom yeah it liked me to me it
doesn't
super matter
it's all fiction you know it's all
fiction
honestly I want another straight up and
get the Triforce and kicking Ganondorf
yeah pass game yeah you know I think
it's they could do they could do breath
of the wild a little bit better they got
the open world right yeah they need
dungeons they need enemies probably some
better towns where you go and and then
uh well you know it would be kind of me
is a breath of the wild but instead of
going to the to the four beasts or
whatever is before you can fight Ganon
or something that would make fighting
again and easier you need to find all 20
pieces of the Triforce sure sure but
then they just don't tell you where they
are and it's like and it's like an
actual event Oh like oh shit and like
you know maybe some NPCs or cryptic kids
yeah and then but there's just like 20
shards somewhere in this fucking world
go not and they're in there they're not
necessarily in any of the temples or
anything like that and some of them
maybe are that'd be neat the last one
hmm it's it's it's it's actually the
triangle on the jewelry at the NPC you
first talked to in the game was wearing
Jack Oh believe it or not I already had
this thought nice which is already
written a letter to Nintendo saying I
got this I got this but of course it
just like breath of the wild now you
could fight Ganon without him but maybe
like it just it makes you stronger
your sword sure some shit like that
right you got a better ending maybe Oh
[Music]
so yeah that'd be neat that Benny and
that would definitely that would
definitely you know really force you to
hunt all around yep got a check under
every fucking nook and cranny like you
find one just under a rock like a kuru
like what I don't I don't know that I
would be that I'd I would want some hint
to all of them
oh no of course you'd get a hint of them
but I'm what I'm saying is like they're
not all in treasure chests no no you so
like
one gives you a hint that it's in this
field or whatever but then just in this
field it's under a rock like a like a
goddamn basic kook seed that'd be great
so the prize for winning the horse race
win is kind of a rack we found and and
they give you a choice will either give
you a hundred rupees or you can have
this rock but they don't show you the
rock first so then you have to know to
choose the rock
yeah that'd be great that Evan no fuck
that hello
there you go
yep
we try to feel about pinball associative
on a bigger part of this game yeah
we're now we are not done with this
device after this oh god yeah
so comically done like I think there's
like one place on the outside that you
can use it to get a heart container
there's like a few but it's just like
for a heart container make sure
how can someone with no muscles move
magic duh duh magic he got stabbed in
the head with a magic sword
how about if we have a link fall from a
great height and land on a waterslide
seat it safely that would be fun I could
be part of the game ah almost that it's
more useless though I don't even
remember the rock dominion rod
make statues move oh no you use that
right now you don't they setting this
one I don't wanna I don't remember it I
might be thinking of wind away you might
be here I think so they had like a
telepathy thing hope and then yep yeah
did can you get back on it or you need
to be here
is anything even trying to kill me I
don't think why is this game so easy but
I lose I better kill Eurovision sorting
in there to get in the way of your
spinner the big thing isn't trying to
kill me oh he did that oh wow I don't
know I hit the wrong button that's
what's going on rigid and you are trying
to kill you yeah I'm doing more damage
to myself than the enemies are hahaha
jack is always thinking winwaker i
fucking love winwaker i can't one wakers
great winwaker is a great game and wind
waker also has the thing where you can
control statute so that's enough and i
think that's a major part of a dungeon
it's like you have to control Stanton
still haven't taken any damage though
that's true and she's not taking any
damage
best Zelda soundtrack
probably this one yeah this one or
saddle scammer towards kind of sort of
orchestral one right maybe this is good
to this one had it this one has great
that's probably like that's probably a
definite thing that this one has over
wind wakers is great I mean windbreaker
has okay music but this has should take
the whole arm rlm fruits will finally
needy at night Mike is dungeon master
[Music]
the problem is you know none of us
really know how to play like us right
but no the rest no so it probably a
really like frustrating night we had a
farm how do I do this
the
Oh
okay so they come up and block you works
right I can't jump off okay
oh that does everyone
get there get there you did it
you did hey rich you're the hero
you're the hero of time you did it that
one's dead in the hero of Twilight Jack
oh I'm sorry I'm sorry you tickle them
to death red did it it's actually not
over yet Oh mango anonymous says best
the next generation line besides the
obvious shut up Wesley not sure I ever
thought I was the uncodable resistance
is futile that's right right right there
that right there's a classic line
correction that that's blown it's blow
import that's an important line just so
people remember
tea Earl Grey hot perfect yeah okay got
that that's probably that it has to
engage yep
make it so shut up Worf you're a dummy
everyone
oh no Tasha
classic line keep it in your pants
counselor Troi damn it becomes electric
keep it in your pants blows their mom's
name again
Oh God Lux Lux Ana look sana calm your
case
Oh sorrow to shower mock and Jalad at
Tanagra
look I'm fighting a thing it's not the
best time believe me think of this shit
you're all doing very well by the way
yeah they know they know what you know
it's up I got it
seven of organized as rich and Jack what
are your favorite most use armor sets in
breath boy
it's my light armor set because you know
links only thing is this look man
Sally's got oh man no I love that hood
she's too slow shit I love that the
Hylian armor with the little shoulder
plate the the hood and and you know the
the healing pants just the regular khaki
pants that hood is so fucking bad-ass
can I say I'm not at all fond of the
champions tunic look like the the
advertisement look for Lincoln breadth
of the well said blue shirt yeah it's
kind of what suck he's a 90s teenager
going on spring break yeah with the pony
table yeah I'm with you I love that hood
that hood is so he has a cape it's
badass
what's the hoods nice I'm so down with
the hood
I don't mind the actual Knights armor
yeah I'm not a big I'm not a big armor
fan Knights armor fan so if I can find
it
I'll probably get the single thing just
for ridiculousness sake continuing the
zelda questions the searchin what is
your favorite fairy design fairy design
lttp our fairies are pretty the bottled
fairies in Twilight Princess are pretty
we know jack likes the giant drag queen
fair he's a breath of the wild those
fairies are delicious I might have to
give it to the Japan track with fairies
those fairies were fucking fabulous and
you loved them too not just me everyone
loves those fairies fabulous fairies
like I don't know I don't know if that
like properly replaces my my confusion
and strange sense of joy at seeing those
uh those great fairies from from Ocarina
as a young man as a young man rich
seeing those fairies I was very confused
but interested
[Music]
No yeah no they were very strangely
proportioned whatevs whatevs
I don't mind the glowing ball look you
stood on the fairies glowing ball with
wings yeah yeah yeah those are fine
ocarina but that's the thing about the
ocarina fairies they're slightly scary
too like what the hell is wrong with
them they're crazy because they're so
fucking ugly Rose everything in that
game looks like crap right they were
their giant triangle boobs
they were so weird I love them a
Nintendo 64 was the Atari 2600 of the 3d
era whoa rich hi we gotta call him yep
hey guys we got to call it let's take a
moment and call it now that rich has
defeated the monster rich I want to say
you lost like a whole heart hospital
same thing this gave us hero mode which
doubles the damage so it's still too
fucking easy right ah right I have to go
Google some stuff
she called on the account of relay
station one rich no no the PlayStation
one had far better textures oh then the
n64 everything on the n64 look blurry it
was garbage and I'm if I like the n64
and I will defend the ensign yeah poor
but it looked like garbage
100% Honda the games are great I still
will defend a lot of the games well you
know game I don't hear about much
doesn't get enough love garbage what
Diddy Kong Racing on the n64 you combine
market you combine Mario 64 with Mario
Kart is essentially what that game is
you never would did he call racing I
thought I was just a racing game it's a
racing game with like a Mario 64
exploration aspect really yes are you
driving around the world in your go-kart
I didn't know Diddy Kong races is great
you know and here's the thing here's why
I never picked it up
because I just assumed it was a Mario
Kart alone no you mean like there's
nurse there's there's a lot of
regulation sure sure
but racetrack - racetrack you find you
walk around worlds unlock the racetracks
really yeah maybe we should play Diddy
Kong right I'm fine with that I got my
insider for I'm gonna find a copy of
Diddy Kong Racing Diddy calm gonna you
know what I'll check on eBay right now
deeds long as we're here talking about
it did it oh no yes you fight bosses and
Diddy Kong Racing Lots this is a real
thing yes that game does not get
anywhere near enough love I work for
taking Mario Kart and just doing
something I interesting it doesn't get
loved because everyone just thought it
was a racing game nobody's played it oh
shit yeah eight bucks diddy kong racing
don't buy it on ebay LOL why not I don't
know I'm just reading what they're
saying why wouldn't you buy it on eBay
something somebody has already started
sending it to us poor ignorant jack
[Laughter]
what is eBay not a good thing anymore I
don't know I use eBay all the time
I think they're calling you're gonna for
not knowing about Diddy Kong Racing oh
okay that makes more sense yeah that
makes way more sense
I'm checking prices hold on I'm checking
prices that eight buck one seems it
seems like the the right deal set a buy
it now
yes there are also plane races and did
he car oh I knew that
yeah and I that's what I just figured it
was like it was just like oh it's just a
racing game oh they got planes and
Donkey Kong characters this seems like a
downgrade it seemed like a downgrade
from Mario Kart no no
but apparently oh no I'm excited rich
I'm really excited Oh free shipping
there we go that one's better and that's
a buy it now and oh wait I just bought
it now great Diddy Kong Racing Rich
right on its way
sure sure that's good gum I'm actually
super excited about that is wait is the
open world stuff like multiplayer as
well or I have no idea I've never tried
them out Larry so if not who gives us
that's fine but who gives a fuck great
great okay hey why don't we take some
time why don't we take some time and
think all the lovely people who
subscribe to us I'm fine I'm fine
there's just a chord down there
East our land it has one of the best
customer services I've ever experienced
screw eBay yeah but eBay has really
great prices I've never I've got a
murder East our land before and you get
to play as conquer from Conker's Bad Fur
Day actually wasn't the debut of conker
yeah it wasn't his first ever appearance
and diddy kong racing and yes banjo
banjo kazooie is also in that i don't
care about bein ya know
okay I've given up fucks about banjo
kazooie
this website seems like a scam I don't
want to go there all right hey let's say
the names let's say the names of the
people oh we caught up on taps we are
yeah we're caught up I was I was getting
through eBay is hit-or-miss when it
comes to buying n64 games yeah but you
can always get your money back if you
buy something on eBay and it doesn't
work
eBay has a refund policy and we're kind
of I can't do anything about oh yeah
because I unplugged it yeah okay so what
can you read these no I can't read those
you just get you want to just do it or
have one here too okay so I can hand it
over to you and it starts there okay yes
okay okay so we're going to thank all
the people who subscribe to us during
this stream much like the blue prism who
says start the damn stream already I
guess what we did we did RISM Recker the
destroyer welcome mr. Alex Reynolds who
says eight month anniversary
this has lasted longer than most of my
relationships thanks guys lizard wizard
shut the door the real net boy who has
subscribed to us for 12 months in a row
and the real net boy says still subbing
so I can see rich plays VR episode
Guinea you got it you got a while got a
while to wait on that
Malik 47 says best free Prime subs I've
spent yet Thank You Malik Thank You
Malik oh my god and rich we have schist
assists for thirty six fucking months in
a row
oh nice nice shot rich nice shot
uh King rubbish
who says hi jack and rich but enjoying
all our LM related stuff for years and
finally at a place where I can afford to
share a bit of my meager wealth keep up
the good work you fucks and there you
start at the top
alright good good poop dig 5079 says
poop dick I've seen things you people
wouldn't believe an old man throwing
chicken McNuggets at a little kid I
watched a fat guy fall down her
escalator at JC Penney all those moments
will be lost in time like tears in the
rain time to die
oh my dreams pass before my eyes and
curiosity notepad 31 gravely Rexford 33
fucking months in a row in closer
galaxy's Nintendo it's a breakfast now
Nintendo it's a cereal Wow Nintendo
Super Mario jumps Nintendo it's a fruit
flavored crunch Nintendo there's Zelda
to Lin Tendo this is very good news I
show her Godzilla Mario cereal I were
cereal I remember that they Velden Maira
theory yeah
yeah I don't remember that I do on the
same box it'll sit for a divider thing
between what yeah that sounds great
like on for twenty two fucking months
and roses thanks for the streams krob
wait what
hello I'm seeing chat say we got a month
wrong what month did we get wrong who
he was look oh no I can't see cuz your
tortures in the way at this one okay
every mouse here what do you know
oh the mouse sorry
37 youfox gobbledygook said 37 you fucks
it says 33 on my screen comedy cook
somewhere I'm very sorry but it says 33
you know what but I believe you got with
the gags for the record this is just on
the 36th month but apparently did we
miss 3600 we did a Gumby girl I thought
that was the first one we did oh shit
you're right they had to they had to
goddammit --kavitha cooks for 37
motherfucking months in a row why is it
say 33 who I don't I think um I don't I
don't know beefcake was tell beefcake
who sent me so twitch recently unveiled
different a subscription plan yeah so
it's no longer like a flat five dollars
a month is also a $10 a month level and
then there's also a $25 a month level
yeah and I think we're opted into that
even though like yeah I can't imagine
anyone would take partners right right
and so like it's just the weird way that
twitch works now and okay beefcakes work
on it okay
we're very sorry krob says grab two
years well spend twenty four fucking
months in a row for krob by the way 24
and get lost in where we ended up yeah
I'm with a lad with all that madness a
confusion that just happened was those
crazy Harald fairhair says if my
subscription was a seventh month old
baby it would be developing object
permanence the idea that something
exists even if you can't see it just
like real the worst man I know what
object permanence is that was just for a
general not talking to no fool
that was for people who didn't know rich
it's always nice he's saying the rest of
our audience just made up idiots well
he's right the real way on 18 months in
roses hey what are we gonna get reviews
of classic video games instead of movies
I know you guys have done episodes about
older games like
the original Zelda but it would be cool
if you had a nostalgia series solely for
games I think we need that and that's
just part of pre it's like if we feel
like doing yeah we'll do that for
previously recorded if you feel like it
that's as we have as we have yeah
doesn't need to be a separate chem lab
izinski says hey guys hi some so sub cam
sunshine hello Ellie pops atomic
mousetrap says support artist whitelist
trusted sites actually pay for art tip
that guy playing guitar with his feet
next time you pass him no okay is he
playing with his feet because he has no
arms cuz that's really sad
I'd probably dip him anyway is he
playing any good like what what if he's
a bank
well he has no arms and he's desperately
playing a guitar to make some money with
his feet clang clang clang that's just
that's a pity dollar Jack that's pity
dollar right there get some lessons God
Eric of the North says love the show
Jack is Watson to riches Holmes Emma
Watson and John Holmes well swap rent
went were name is Tate 423 fucking
months in a row oh my guard the guardian
of sanity Len flaxen ski you know what
it's not Fleck ocinski it's not Frank
izinski Len flex seemed to be a
different Lennon flack izinski you're
what Flacco's in ski maybe I don't know
I had that blows my mind man man flex in
ski says been in a Lord of the Rings
mood can we talk about how awesome the
orc designs are are you talking about
the orcs or the ARU Kai's I guess it is
lack when flex in ski this wow look at
wow it's been Len flex in ski this hotel
my god no were idiots not Len
flack ocinski never corrected this once
god bless never corrector discussed
lesson we just know
just enjoying us being idiots so what's
this about works you're not super big
into the Lord no I'm not we want to talk
about works I'll try and answer your
question so there there are two
creatures in the Lord of the Rings
movies there are the orcs which are the
the skinny little creepy guys right and
the orcs for the large guys those came
out of mud those are the uruk-hai those
are the uruk-hai that are orcs mixed
with elves but they come out of mud how
are they mixed with elves they're like
born from mud yeah how can they be mixed
with elves then they're just mud
monsters magic bullshit man it doesn't
matter and so like if your question is
how good is the orcs is not actually
like I'm okay with the orcs because they
were like spindly little creepy monsters
I didn't really like the uruk-hai
because like they just look they just
look like beef muscle man and as I had
done I don't remember I don't remember
the smaller ones or I remember the ones
that came out of the mud in the
beginning and they look pretty pretty
ho-hum are those just the ore rooks
the dirt they're all fucking orcs they
might be in different sizes but they're
fucking orcs there's there's orcs
there's a rooks and aruch I there's like
there's three different I think the Orcs
Must Die orcs look neat and not not too
dissimilar from the Warhammer orcs and
that's you know I trim that's a fine or
look
all right great I guess Warhammer twerks
look the same I guess I guess the Lord
of the Rings works they're the odd works
out yeah you know what I like the big
teeth on the bottom yeah I like that
like the big PerR triggers but they're
all oak eyes they're not the flame queen
of the One Ring says glad oh speaking of
I've been in Florida ring queen of the
runway oh yeah glad I finally got this
figured out
J Fergie 111 says woo so pumped to
subscribe
can I have that Mouse yeah you had them
else I have that Mouse all right do do
what do we miss something
no that was it that's it oh I just know
that we're just we're done sooner than I
was expecting to be done that's fine
it's fine they don't love us anymore who
doesn't what the chat
they never loved us ah they come here to
watch us fight and fail that's true and
you know today yeah well I guess we
fought a little bit and I'm really will
we fight over no we're gonna think of
something fuck you