Episode 779
Party Like it's 1996!!! (Strafe part 1)
June 10, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jka_Ic4ivh0
___________________________________________

are you sure rich yes I say I have it
has already been purchased it's a done
deal
the deal is sealed so I noticed it was
25 percent off and you say that's that's
if you own bayonetta it is 25 percent
off if you already own bayonetta and if
you preorder it for those confused on
May 25th they're taking pre-orders now
Vanquish will be available on PC very SH
it's a wonderful day this is a big day
for rich and here's here's what we'll
say thank you everyone for letting rich
know the big news - but there's two
really important things well one rich it
doesn't use our Twitter both the prereqs
or my personal Jack's mic is off
disconnected low whatever shit pop how
about no pop that up Bob tuck hi hi hi
hello which one is that yellow
I think I'm four I should be at five
like I'm at four that's why there you go
no no put me at five four huh oh yeah
that big a difference and yours number
one should be at five as well for three
course okay that's probably good damn
there you go we're not fucking with my
mic the only bad things can happen right
right yeah yes vanquish hype train uh
and you know once again just thank you
everyone for sharing but you know I
guess here's a quick tip here's a really
quick tip I appreciate it jackass
annoyed because he doesn't give a shit
about vanquish because Jack is a monster
I've never played vanquish I'm sure it's
a fine game I guess like here's what I'm
saying is like if if you if you thinks
yourself oh I want to make sure that
Jack and rich know about vanquish and I
want to tell them through their Twitter
you can you can actually see all the
things that people have acted at us at
Twitter and just to see if someone's
already told us and then you know then
you don't need to post it thank you for
sharing
[Laughter]
it'sit'sit's there was just a whole lot
there was just a whole lot of it rich
and I don't necessarily care about
Vanquish I need it you know what I need
rich what do you need Jade a pillow a
pillow I'm gonna go get a pillow Shira
one right in the other room Jack I know
I'll be right back
it's Lori's day it's a glory is it it's
a glorious victorious day and we won't
we will talk about strife but we needed
to get this vanquished talk out of the
way cuz it was it was gonna come up at
least thirty times right it's very
important it's very important to me I've
been playing a lot of strife today and
it's very important that I have proper
elbow support for my mouse so that's why
I needed this giant this giant ass
pillow okay here we go
this is gonna take like I got it I got
to find my groove I was in a I was in a
really nice groove before I came here is
an escalation point create or is it
great exclamation point
I don't know it how does it ready how's
the create work again chat house this
house this this is good I want to create
a exclamation point late they already
talked about the thing haha that thing
you're asking about they've already
talked about it they already talked
about the thing they're saying
exclamation point create okay okay rich
says we need to show you guys the
tutorial which is which will be great
because that'll reorient me and make
sure all my control so here's the
tutorial for strafe this pillow is too
big
Oh No how do I edit this I need to edit
this do I just create a new one override
it so far I'm really enjoying strafe the
I think the issue that a lot of people
are having is it's more roguelike than
doom um well I think I think that's
where the hate is coming from yeah is
this is a this is a doom roguelike and
it's more roguelike than doom is and at
any good roguelike you know you're
talking your spelunk ease your isaacs
you want to move cautiously yes they
already talked about rich you messed up
again I know it didn't overwrite it I
don't know how to change it now they're
saying yes they already talked about th
thing it did overwrite it you just
messed up in the override how do you
delete something you've created they
pushed it as I as a doom quake roguelike
I think the hate it's getting is the
roguelike elements right but that was
part of the push I know hahaha
and so I think that's silly you you have
to be very cautious when playing this
absolutely I think that is what people
don't like right oh yeah you see the
gameplay footage uh-huh and you want to
run around shooting things yes that's
your instinct
right I'm gonna turn our sound down our
sound down Oh on the TV yeah I kind of
love the the tutorial for this yeah
incidentally it's it's beautiful it's
beautiful and by the way like I I know
one part in particular was put in here
specifically just for me and I'm really
happy about that
what was this I'll show you it's coming
up this right here Oh
because if you remember we were playing
we were playing the the early demo yeah
of strafe and I got completely lost as
the developer was in the chat yep and
the developer had to call me on skype in
order to tell me hey didn't you know you
could move these things which by the way
I did not I did not know they don't you
don't have your roots in like the
classic in software game exactly yeah
so this part of the tutorial was in here
was was made just for me and I
appreciate that
there's gotta be I figure there's got to
be more people like you want I'm sure
well and hopefully that's what they
learned is like hey maybe not everybody
okay this pillows too big we need a
smaller pillow Oh for fuck's sake this
is very important it's very important
you're a fucking prima donna yeah I am a
princess and you will treat me like one
god damn it
this pillow is much better whenever I
get fussy at home that's lisa's nickname
for me princess princess jack princess
jack okay cuz i do i can get fussy I can
get fussy and I can get really picky
okay I don't I don't care what you do in
your bedroom it's none of my business no
no it's like you know sometimes you know
we'll we'll be we'll be out and about
and I'll want a coffee and and you know
like oh well hold on let's go to a nice
coffee place well yeah but there's
coffee here I don't want coffee here I
want coffee at a nice coffee place okay
princess Jack okay this is how do I'm
just getting food okay alright so we're
talking about strafe and roguelike
elements okay so that's the thing is
like any if you're if you're trying to
go hard in any roguelike game you're
Isaac's you're spelunky 'he's right yeah
you need to be careful you have to move
slowly you have to assess the situation
you need to be very cautious that is a
direct contradiction to your dooms where
you want to rush into battle you want to
kick ass you want to kick ass and so
they're like for the first couple hours
I played this I sucked as I am I'm only
a few hours into what nice song yeah
because you have to be cautious you have
to take your time you have to be careful
and I know for a lot of people that
might not be what they signed out for
you know if you don't grab a weapon you
start with a wrench I do not know that I
want to do that
ah I've heard you get a wrench
let's see what damage we can do probably
not much died this isn't gonna be a good
run no it's not gonna be a good run
because you have a rent cause I have a
wrench right it's nice Easter egg though
oh yeah we'll see we'll see how good I
can do with a wrench not very not very
who's shooting him you know you dickhead
no you know what I would have think you
know I think would have helped their
reviews bottom end asleep what is that
difficulty levels difficulty levels I
don't know have started off a bit more
forgiving for the beginners well you
know that's they so for the backers they
they they they're putting out a patch
really soon yeah and part of that patch
is giving you more health on the
starting level okay and making the
starting level a bit easier yeah and so
like it's not on I don't think this is
the type of game that needs uh that
needs difficulty levels I just think
what hurt huh what would it hurt that's
not that's not the roguelike way FTL has
difficulty levels that's true that's
true
here
can we expect a vanquish no deathrun on
the Sunday it comes out on a Sunday it
comes out you can probably expect it at
10th but I have never pulled off a
successful vanquish no death run trust
me I will stream languish you're gonna
play vanquish now right I was that that
is the plan
the plant we have to do a prereq on it
yeah to to complement your old game
station right yeah I'm gonna say it's so
good it's question is should we do one
on this - I know you know well he and I
guess here's the thing it's is it gonna
be hard for us to be objective with this
because we've talked to the developer
because we kick-started it I know I know
I uh I have some things that I could
talk about roguelike first-person
shooter but you know that's a you know
Allah I'll ask you how into a you are I
mean yeah I can get some more time but
but I mean you know from into it or not
we can do a review on it sure I could
say yeah no I wasn't into it I'm not
into it
oh well that's what I meant is like how
into a review you would be weird oh
that's right I can handle that
haha I'll be honest I kind of love
having a wrench kind of love heaven oh
my god you're still on the wrench run
you're doing better I thought you would
I'm pretty good at this game I came I
think I came close to beating it one on
one run and I'm hoping I run into the
thing that changed like you know one you
have - oh crap yeah you're fucked there
oh I'm totally fucked there well shit
you know the run past fuck it yeah
you're under no obligation to kill it
come on it's a good scrap but yes you're
gonna show me some tips see I can hit it
with the barrel motherfucker
I guess we'll wait till after your
wrench from oh well and hopefully we'll
just run into the thing that that
changed that changed how I play the game
ah here it is that thing that thing that
thing right there yeah I know they have
scrapping it huh they have scrapping it
I know right but they have more
scrapping and you know you can keep
hitting it in more scrap oh really well
then I didn't know look at that well
fuck that's look at that look at all
that scrap I just got look at my numbers
that would help tremendously if I knew
that that's what I discovered one at one
time accidentally where I shot it a
couple times in Morse crap yeah yeah
there's so much scrap in there that
helps tremendously what one of the flaws
you know health I help us hard to come
by easy as fuck to lose oh yeah which
for a roguelike
you know that's par for the course man
yeah but that's par for the course that
adds to you playing very cautiously and
slowly yeah yeah but like I said that
that to me is the biggest thing which is
like the two games that they're mashing
together are a contradiction on one
another but I still think it works I
still think it works well the other
problem I had I didn't feel like I was
getting many upgrades cuz that's a key
component of the rogue light isn't it
getting items that make you more
powerful and
and kind of exponentially getting better
you know stronger who says this to every
time I come at this level it did they
like it chugs and this is on a decent
computer yeah I know what it's like on
normal normal computers and it like the
rest of the game plays fine is just when
I get into this area I always goes chip
Junction yeah um well yeah and you know
the the upgrades aren't like you know
you get you get those little upgrades in
the boxes that like have the here hold
on oh the like see the skull right side
I have no idea what getting those do I
haven't noticed much of a difference you
get those from the little crates right
and I think like the skull is more
damaged I would assume more damage Oh
one-hit kill it's pretty nice fuck you
fuck you fuck you fuck you that for a
wrench Ron I think you're doing pretty
good yeah well and I'm still getting my
bearings using this on a new computer
and you know my mouse isn't exactly how
I have it at home this whole pillow
situation was really throwing me off is
I guess what I'm saying let's see yeah
you definitely have to play cautiously
you have to you have to move with
purpose here we're gonna take this
barrel jump over the goo potentially
backfire oh yeah you're good you're
clever jacket clever that I am slowing
up the thing see this guy yeah jump down
BAM I hate them oh yeah they're great
they're great that's a great enemy man
an enemy that was that oh that was just
help that's nice an enemy that just
makes you that makes you slow down and
look up and look around and and can
catch you off-guard
yeah makes you slow down we are talking
about the reason people don't like this
game is the slower pace agreed
unless I'm saying I understand their
complaints and I even think it's a valid
complaint yeah
because because it's it's it's a it's a
quake you know it's a doom it's fast
Oh dye I love the rent run oh fuck you
hey cheese and you know what you
sometimes you have to cheese enemies
like like if I had a machine gun I would
just wait for all these enemies to file
down this hallway oh sure sure there's a
fair amount of cheesing involved once
again just talking about the negative
reviews it's getting that's that's part
of that though oh yeah no and I hear it
and it's valid but I hear it and it's
valid look at those guys look at those
dickheads shit alright so so keep
hitting the crates which is actually
something I didn't know you could do
that is great what else what else do we
have is is you know in classic roguelike
fashion like health and you know your
shield which was basically a second
health bar yeah is is priority number
one and then you know then it's then
unfortunately like a lot of it is just
kind of get good you know like like dick
and then you know some of it is also
luck like making sure you get those
upgrade stations that just so happen to
give you the good things oh you know
what the other thing is and I won't show
it on this run the other thing I
discovered is reloading yeah it's a
little bit of Helldivers yeah you lose
ammo where the the number four how many
reloads we have is how many clips you
have not how many bullets you have I
didn't understand that at first oh no I
got that privilege really well okay yeah
and I kept on running I kept on
wondering why I was running out of both
because I was reloading every two
seconds I see I see yeah
hey making this wrench work for you jack
gonna I gotta give it to you yeah you
heard it here first folks Jack what's
the name of your nun chunk this is the
shit what is it called again roll the
frag frag shark FX and it's you know
just a little joystick with some buttons
and stuff but it's perfect for games
like this especially like this is what
I'll play with at home on down here come
on down here dick ah it's pretty like
it's basically a first person shooter
Chuck ah ah that I see you dickhead hey
I love this wrench I'm a big fan of the
wrench
oh me too blue key need a blue key why
don't you just use mouse and keyboard
Comfort that's what it's all about I
like I the thing I've always hated about
keyboard is WASD my like retraining my
fingers to do this
I hate he is still using a mouse I'm
still using a mouse which is the
important part for precise aiming yes
exactly so it's the best of both worlds
all right mr. Bob blocks ahead of them
mr. Bob blocks Bob's Bob blocks Bob's
campus
Kevin's I've seen Bob blocks Bob's
before oh you know what this time I'm
only getting help from these crates cuz
I don't have any I don't have a gun
so like balancing it for you it can't
give me a gun upgrades you know what I
appreciate that says love the
Bladerunner audition honestly rich that
was hilarious
I wonder how that whole thing comes
about who came up with it how long did
it take to shoot did Mike even tell rich
the plan or he just throw him into it
you ready for a plot twist other fucking
way around asshole plot twists I I saw
the Blade Runner trailer and I was
looking at Ryan Gosling's just dead
fucking face and I was thinking yep
that's definitely a Blade Runner movie
and I we talked to you about it briefly
uh-huh and then I you know I went home
and did trailer popped up again on
YouTube and I'm like you know what let's
do a video I just sent Micah texts I'm
like Mike I want to do a rich auditions
for Blade Runner short Magna text me
back alright yep see you tomorrow see ya
yeah and it was great it's hilarious
for the record I think Blade Runner was
boring right you think if you're new to
the streams has come up every now and
then yeah actually I guess most of us do
and I had no idea it was like we were it
was like a J stream one day yeah many
many moons ago now and someone in the
chat asked about Blade Runner and I'm
thinking I'll grab God that movie so
boring or something and then J responds
to the comment it's like you know I
don't really like Blade Runner I think
it's boring and I'm just we have to find
that stream because I probably I
probably do like a shock look over at J
cuz I never I never talked about it
before I was like oh really Wow
J - right and just recently he doesn't
feel that strongly about it but Mike's
kind of in the same boat that's that's
shocking to me blade you know Blade
Runner is always uh that's that's that's
usually like go to if you're an arty
party film lover like Blade Runner was
beautiful look I'm its blade muttered
Blade Runner it's not like I don't want
to love Blade Runner I want to love
Blade Runner right everything about that
movie it should be right up my fucking
alley
yeahbsolutely you got you got fucking
pre Prometheus Ridley Scott yeah
you've got Harrison Ford miss Prime oh
yeah Sean Young Rutger Hauer great you
know good cast
a fucking beautiful
gloomy gritty sci-fi world that is just
fucking amazing visually you know that
they have fucking build us kind of like
a plot thematically it's something I
should like you know humanity where is
humanity and the robots where's the line
and everything about it all if you look
at all of the elements I should fucking
love Blade Runner yes
I've tried to watch it three or four
times in my life I can never make it all
the way through the movie that's I've
seen it in chunks sure but it just bores
me to fucking tears and you know it's
that's just that will never not be
shocking to me and while it's just a
trailer maybe they will make a movie I
like with this Blade Runner sequel but I
just staring it at Ryan Gosling's face I
think yeah this is gonna be fucking
boring isn't it Oh get off the ladder
get off the ladder dickhead
dickhead maybe try the final cut release
the fee I've tried a number of different
concerts always fucking boring I
actually think it's freakin worse
without the narration eally you lose
that noir feel because we not know ours
another thing I like it right right and
now it's just quiet and boring great
score though yeah great score great all
of what a great individual elements then
it comes together just it but doesn't
comes together boring so that that's
short I am taking 90% of the credit for
it as he should
look at that that helps my nemesis love
the new short rich is such a compelling
actor Midwest humor was great almost
sounded like you've dealt with this
before I can't take credit for the
Wisconsin jerk
you should be able to dual wield the
wrench Oh like a wrench and a gun
alright had two wrenches I don't know
I'm just reading things to people say in
the chap
sure bitch type um Berto Cabbage Patch
Umberto has a question I kind of like
her okay all jokes aside okay what is
your prediction for how many avatar
movies will actually come out in
theaters that isn't a fucking question
besides the first one was how many new
avatar movies will actually come out in
theaters yeah how many how many these
these eight sequels the James Cameron
has planned will see the light of day
you know for that franchise dead even
though it made a lot of money everybody
has already moved on and forgotten about
it
at most yeah one one at very moans I
didn't like I think I like film them all
at once to save money though cuz but
you've got them in the can well if they
got him in the can out then they'll all
come out I know I don't think I don't
think he's going to get anyone to
distribute them so I don't think any of
them are gonna see the light of day I
don't think they're I don't think
they're gonna get made
why didn't why isn't why hasn't one been
made by now I mean it's been number of
years right he's been talking about a
sequel forever why didn't we see one
three years after avatar came out the
and this this just goes back to me
saying we're not gonna see one
when was that ah here's I'm going back
now so I can get a big armor piece of
armor
everyone by the way Ewing see I'd rather
be spending this is one of my critiques
at this game I would rather be spending
scrap on fun upgrades you do you do like
you know this is an adjustment period to
me like if you're good enough you are
spending scrap on upgrades ah but you
know oh but I just wasn't I'm not good
enough this run brutal Odyssey from Jack
bagon haha
brutal a distinct ah nice is ml great
that's part of the game rich just part
of the game and you know there's always
that with any roguelike there is a luck
element to it sure so you know sometimes
you're gonna have sometimes you're gonna
have a better run and then other times
wait you know what I'm gonna say the the
modem noises yeah too far this too far
agreed agreed you know like I get it
it's 1996 yeah yeah yeah here's Joe key
to your lately joke here well this is
what I was gonna say is this is supposed
to be from 1996 and in 1996 everyone
hated that noise and now it's like a
funny thing like haha and you wouldn't
use it for a door openings right now if
you had a multiplayer mode in this fake
modem noises what you're connecting to
the match yeah that would be great
agree
do we expect on other Star Wars trilogy
after episode 9 or do you guys for see a
series of one-off films after that no
they're going to they're going to keep
milking it for all they can they know
that episode whatever carries more
weight than a Star Wars story does oh
yeah so it's just it's gonna be
never-ending absolutely never-ending yes
they might skip to 12 and do a second
prequel series after that they might
might skip to 12 somebody in the chat
single skipped episode 12 like you know
cuz it started before actually it
started with just Star Wars but then in
one of the video releases they shoved an
episode number in there that was all
done after the fact right it was Star
Wars wasn't called a new hope until well
after the fact fun fact the title crawl
might have said a new hope but it did
not say Episode four originally the
original the original theatrical release
was that we have an episode I'm the
poster I don't think it was called Star
Wars and you not in the poster right
right that's yeah that's what I was like
but I don't know about the crawl back in
the day before before the mid-90s when
people referred to it they just called
it Star Wars it was Star Wars and Empire
and Jedi didn't say a new hope Empire
and Jedi back in the day right no what I
do at least
and someone saying it just said star
wars in the crawl so a new hope was
added later - interesting I believe it
any game or says what camera and audio
mixer do you guys use for streaming we
use on my zoom h6 which we have these
microphone these are XLR microphones
that are plugged into the zoom h6 which
allows us to have up to four inputs that
are each individually leveled yeah do we
remember what this camera is we just the
camera we just went to the Best Buy
wasn't Best Buy
no Amazon is it I thought we got it at a
store oh we might I just went to a store
we just went to a story about the one
that looked the best yeah this looks no
this one's expensive but I look at that
cheap piece of shit well any we didn't
buy the most expensive one and we didn't
buy the cheapest one who's just like yep
this one's kind of in the middle and you
know what it works mostly except for
when it doesn't which is you know mostly
an OBS issue see I'm totally teasing
this I'm just kind of like letting them
come to me go room comfortable I know
there's nothing behind me so I'm just
like drawing them into the hallway
taking them out one by one and sometimes
they take a while to get to you so it's
like five bullets that I might reload
and you'd burn nope but you're now
you're wasted nothing Jack I'm wasted
nothing I know I've run out of bullets
I've died a lot I've not run out of
bullets
okay I don't think anyone's can you
stuck to the machine-gun
um I know I've done I don't know one of
each the machine gun I've had oh fuck
yeah of course right when I get ya other
guns oh that's right
yeah I punched him look fine thank you
I've done other ones I've also had luck
with the railgun
shotgun I have not had a lot of luck
with because that is an
up-close-and-personal weapon and I want
to stay as far away you ever safe
yes strafe yeah yeah which I which again
rich I completely understand why people
have a problem with this game give use
it could use a tighter spread just the
way this game is designed so now I just
grabbed a key so like a lot of times I
have to grab a key new enemies will open
up so now you got to start watching your
back distr says hey guys normally I'd
say speaking of some part of the game or
conversation you should check out
laundering Souls but wandering souls is
nothing in common with this game oh well
lol fuck my cock I know I know we should
check out wandering Souls I keep hearing
that we do and we might I got okay I got
uh I I originally wanted to play through
all of the fucking zones it's not all of
them but no some of the some of the
major ones yeah but but now we got
strafe yep River City ransom underground
I know you love that so much I got
fucking vanquish coming to PC Oh God Hey
nothing else matters rich has vanquished
I I wouldn't hold my fucking breath I'm
by playing anything that you want me to
play not that it's terrible not that I
think it's terrible right but there's
just too much competing for my attention
oh shit
pray pray near yes to my fucking game
heard I've heard great things about yep
they're there they're dicks not gonna
waste a single fucking bullet leggo
who's that who's that who's that ah acid
oh there yeah there ya dicks you praise
praise been drowned in just the sea um
there's too much shit to play I mean it
prey looks good you know I know it's
it's on me I know Jax suddenly on it
that's Bethesda right that is uh and so
I'm sure my only sell a selling point is
dark sci-fi by the makers of dishonor to
look at which we both liked and it looks
and it's like a darkly themed sci-fi
game and it looks really fun so at this
point there's just too much shit
absolutely and I agree with you
wholeheartedly that there's too much
shit oh you're gonna have guys up here
aren't you
uh I got I am you know what I'd kill for
huh a melee button you know like like it
just like a quick oh yeah like I do this
that's not in the realm of original doom
or quake or whatever this is modeled
after but every all once in a while like
someone will sneak up I mean I just want
to punch him like I do an overwatch I'm
so used to a quick melee button are the
upgrades you get for your gun random
yeah I don't think my gun has ever
looked like that yeah this is like a
like a short bursts upgrade that can you
still go full auto or no oh yeah but now
like everyone bullet if I was like like
freeze I can hold it down
oh is well hold on I'll reload here
see just but I'd like three at a time so
it's a very different gun now
oh yeah lose full-auto well it's just I
guess in this game that's fine
oh it's still like to me it goes fast
enough but I put a puppy and I like your
suit you didn't get to see how it
changed your gun before you put it in
like yeah I really like this upgrade I'd
be afraid to upgrade that gun again oh
no no no let me go back and show you
where did I get the upgrade see see how
it has this alcohol this this is the
three symbol and so like every upgrade
has a different or they don't stack then
yeah they still stack they still stack
they still stack and so like the next
gun upgrade it might be it might be an
upgrade to my secondary fire okay so but
also will be related upgrade will be you
won't get something that's incompatible
you uh you know I don't know I guess I
thought that you're an expert like and I
have like all of the upgrades I got on
my good run like where I made it almost
to the boss they seemed to stack okay so
the master 20,000 you're absolutely
right about these stealth and dishonored
as compared to thief
what says in dishonor the stealth is no
tension since you can fuck everything up
in that game as compared to thief uh
yeah I think you said that never view
I've said that huh yeah yeah I think I
did say that in a review yeah is worth
repeating cop now hahaha and obviously I
was so correct that I needed to say it
again I don't remember specific things I
said two months ago I know I know right
I'm just giving you a hard time I really
enjoyed this game I'll be honest with
you I really liked it that was nothing
okay great this was the right way
anything
so then you know here's another thing
like over here I can either go the low
the low route or the high route always
choose the higher out because then you
can pick off these little ceiling guys
first there's always going to be fucking
ceiling guys so rich is happy about too
many games as a sequel to a game from
1990 a scroll down you fucking think a
game that looks like it's 1996 and a
game from 2009
hahahahaha too many games yes so what
old games automatically suck because
they're old what's your fucking point
the the point still stands that there
are too many games that rich
even if rich said hey I just got an
original black and white gameboy and I
really want to check out Tetris it's a
game he's excited about who cares where
it's from playing vanquish for the mouse
is a big deal to be yeah and you know
what you would know that if you'll ever
listen to rich talk about anything we
like different things and that's fine I
don't have room for prey I'm sorry I
don't have room for prey and ear it
looks I don't have room for near I don't
I don't play games like I don't quit as
I can to get through them all I don't I
don't do that you know what I was
reading a super bullshit article the
other day about prey yeah much like
other Bethesda games prey was not
released super early to the press you
know like I like what they did with doom
and dishonor to yeah they did not
release them early for for press to
review them and I read an article that
was just like this is going to be bad
for Bethesda because that's going to
force reviewers to rush through the game
in order to get their review out as
quickly as possible and I'm like that's
bullshit Doug it's your review
like you know if you're gonna if you're
gonna say like I felt like I was rushed
that's on you right or you can just give
a complete review you know what am I
going what am i doing
oh I'm at the shop oh there's too many
games you you can't play everything
sometimes just got to play what you're
in the mood for agreed okay so I know
what this does this is a box of bugs and
I believe that my box of bugs gives me
how like I can eat them for help oh god
I know you like this aspect of
roguelikes I can't fucking stand it I
want to do what I want to know what the
fucking thing does before I buy it right
I think that's fair I mean like steroids
right then one that's as steroids right
is that power up my goners I just make
me throw the barrel farther because one
of these things in my mind is useless
right I agree I'm gonna see what this is
this looks interesting like I got that
foam thing yeah I don't even get to
figure out what it did I get anything
notice any kind of fucking difference
give me a fucking thing that says this
will do this right okay oh well I think
it yeah I see you look it does so in
items teleport to a glutton Aimie
glutton and press J that seems like
useless teleport to a why would I want
to do that to get around quicker oh I
definitely don't want that
yeah so that's useless oh yeah shame you
didn't know that before you bought the
fucking thing oh well you wasted the
only upgrade you can afford no I can
afford another one so settle down so we
don't well let's get steroids let's see
what that does
so now I know for my next run rich it's
all about it's all about the the
acquisition of information oh is that
what's that next thing do how do you
figure that out jack that's a great
question rich is there a next item
button oh dear Jud chattin ah how do I
see what the next item does you know
what game I had your back for a second
game and look what you did to me you
made me look like an idiot I'm pretty
sure we know what steroids do we don't
not of us as baby ghosts here how do you
guys feel now that vanquish has been
announced for Steam today okay
kiss kiss I feel great we talked about
it it's great oh oh you know what
steroids does rich it makes you run
super fast that'd be good to know oh I'm
telling you right now it makes me super
fast that's the last thing I expected
yeah throw burrows further your strength
yeah you know strength that makes your
guns maybe it increases like your health
capella ya know anymore yeah I agree so
it makes you run route it makes you run
really fast except for when you get to
this part because that then it turns
into a slide show oh I don't like that
that's gonna that's gonna throw me off
now because I'm gonna my movement speeds
gonna be all weird
Willie J 4201 says first tip ever thank
you we appreciate it
welcome welcome to tipping how would
steroids make you run fast that's what
makes no sense Wow
what was his name athlete that got
busted the Olympics lines are decades
ago oh no I was thinking like Lance
Armstrong well running specifically I
was there a guy who Ben Johnson was a
Ben Johnson that's my time I don't wanna
throw Ben Johnson under the bus might
not have been Ben Johnson what you're
saying is there was an Olympic athlete
who's using steroids run fast you got
stripped of a medal yeah these steroids
also make you run faster because they
just enhance your money enhance your
muscles that your best guess what you
run with your muscles what this is I
know this is shocking information this
is shocking information run with your
muscles
says that that is in fact what they do
yep and we figured that out through
experimentation shit fuck you helmet
nope I don't they start this running
kind of throws throws my I mean it's
great because they're not hitting me but
like it's oh fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
fuck fuck
too many well well well shit shit shit
too fast too fast
god I hate steroids there we go
god damnit don't do drugs kids don't do
draw drugs I was just you know like I
was I was just moved too fast with
steroids I couldn't I couldn't do a low
K I don't I don't like that powerup
Anonymous's do you think there's any
chance that an uncanny valley
Harrison Ford will appear in the new
Blade Runner well a CGI self be just as
bored with acting as his real self
you know what based on that trailer
Harrison Ford looks much livelier than
he did in the original Blade Runner I'm
gonna be I'm gonna be I'm gonna be
straight-up honest with you actually he
looks lively enough it makes me think
that this might not be the same Harrison
Ford we saw in Blade Runner because that
version that we saw in the original
Blade Runner was a replicant spoiler and
was all speculation so it's in spoiling
nothing and the version we see in that
trailer is the actual decker that a
replicant in the first movie was based
on nice that's you know what I like that
I like that speculation that rich said
that's quality speculation oh shit
I am so fucked
cuz the I remember when the original
took place but it's what 20 years after
the original or 25 but it's been like
fucking like how many years to see
really close to 35 38 since what the
original Blade Runner it's like should
Blade Runner Harrison Ford be as old as
he is no 10 20 49 technically speaking
no oh yes II look this is know so this
is a missile upgrade like us right now
my gun has a grenade launcher and this
gives me a missile launcher that's my
secondary fire I try not to use it
because I a lot of times end up blowing
myself up oh I still this gun
I was thinking it's more that he is a
replicant but it's only been a few years
he aged rapidly oh that could be it's
possible but then again um
Roy batty didn't age rapidly none of the
other replicants aged rapidly that's
true
severe Oh what Wow rich
you
but what are some noir films that we
enjoy I don't understand we know there's
any in particular noir film I enjoy I
just think it's a style as a motif I
tend to enjoy it
I enjoyed war when it gets referenced
like no love for the classic like Bogart
no no I haven't seen enough of them I
need to go out I need to go out and
watch these things oh you do I know yeah
there's a lot of really good ones like
and I'm generally not a fan of that like
of older movies in general because like
I feel like they have a whole different
pace to modern movies but those will
both like you know Maltese Falcons like
yeah just hard-boiled detective shit and
it's great yeah for the record the
answer is dark city dark San Diego
fucking doir is hell and it is fucking
awesome there you go
totally fucking dark City there you go
no you're not restarting shit windows we
can say right where you are gonna get
that no to get that away from me that
horrible notification that you want to
restart now so it's about right here
defensible positions huge AZ or jazzy or
J's I'm not sure jay-z ze
jay-z jay-z huge a Z's is yellow yellow
rich on vanquish on PC don't you think
there is a possibility of the balancing
big bad I'm being intentionally cheeky
but also serious the game was designed
for an inferior control scheme that is
theoretically possible like it now is
just gonna be way too easy but then I
gotta just play it on hard I guess maybe
it makes up for it sure sure that's
reasonable worst worst let's say
worst-case scenario for some bizarre
reason that I cannot fathom it plays bad
with a mouse let's just assume that I
don't think that's gonna be the case
let's assume that on PC the worst-case
scenario is I plug in a gamepad and then
I get vanquish at like 120 frames per
second hahaha
and and looking gorgeous and looking
gorgeous that's the worst case scenario
I don't know it sounds pretty bad
so I'm not worried yeah I heard you
where'd you come from where'd you come
from
Cyrus the mild cold says man this game
is getting pretty bad reviews on Steam
is it I was really looking forward to
playing it but now I'm not sure it's
worth 20 bucks Cyrus the mild cold
here's here's what we can tell you yeah
it it depends upon what you are looking
for yes if you are looking for like
quake 1 or quake 2 you're going to be
let down if you're looking for a
roguelike that also happens to be a
first-person shooter it's it's not bad I
think I think the reason it's getting
bad reviews is that it's a much slower
and more deliberate play style
that a lot of people would have liked
just just based on looking at the style
of the game you automatically think
quake quake fast-paced quake run around
kill everything quake and to play it to
play this game successfully it doesn't
doesn't work that way yeah yeah this
this is more roguelike than quake it's
far more deliberate and so like for me
who doesn't have any particular love for
like original doom or quake like you
know obviously I enjoy them but I don't
like hold it super dear in my heart but
I love roguelikes this game is fantastic
I'm having a really good time so far the
issue is what your expectations are
agreed agreed rich I'm with you I'm with
you 100%
and I think that's if it is getting
negative reviews on Steam I haven't I
think you told me that the other day but
they sort of marketed marketed it like
that yeah I guess you could blame the
marketing but they also marketed it like
a roguelike you know like that that
famous commercial with the kid whose
head explodes awesome fast-paced action
I I get it yeah I get it I get why you
would be let down if that's what you
were looking for
yep
it's a good game to fire up to kill an
hour or two with some mindless action I
guess
it's $20 game no this isn't this is not
a light like any good roguelike this is
not a mindless action game this is a
this is a game that you have to be very
deliberate on you need to learn like
there it has its own rule set that you
need to learn and memorize I don't this
isn't just a pick up and play like so
I've only got like three hours in it
right but you you seem to be enjoying it
a lot I am I look JIT omit ly am
enjoying it a lot yes the tip button
isn't coming up any help I can't because
we are definitely getting tips some blue
guy in chat says hey guys
hi first Mike got shafted for voicing
Palpatine yep now rich doesn't get
picked for the lead role in the new
Blade Runner yep this anti rlm bias in
Hollywood has got to stop i I agree
between vanquish in this the choice is
rather obvious let's have used to me too
we're not I don't think I'm saying this
is vanquish
not every game is like a direct
comparison
if you're looking for a challenging
roguelike is the issue is anything is
the question yeah if you're looking for
a challenging roguelike in the style of
quake roguelike would mean you know
shorter game overall but it's difficult
because you know there is perma death
right and you're counting on on finding
upgrades to get more powerful and things
tend to be randomly generated like these
levels are procedural you know you don't
get the same layout every time you run
through strafe right hello and yeah a
procedural quake could have been neat
but it's not exactly what they were
trying to make
yes it's quick without saves and it's
random every time and health is spare
sparse yeah very sparse health Jack you
are empty I'm very I'm very close I have
four health at the moment yeah you're
you're gonna die dude it's very possible
that's it huh taking you to new orals
morals new worlds oh my god so this is
so this is pretending the listen em oh
god Jack I've now reached fuck joke I've
now reached stage two
I'm playing it's so goddamn cool Oh No
yes the levels change oh no I broke oh
no the game broke what happened there
Gus you need to use a thing to blow up
the rock and I thought and it got stuck
in the rock and so I thought I broke the
game forever but I just time-delay those
are neat yeah shit oh I could use some
health about now or a scrap machine you
can use totally use a fucking scrap
machine how many worlds are there
I believe there's four ah and you've
you've got nearly at the end of all four
yeah really yeah Wow yeah it's a good
run I had a really good run whoo I had a
really good one yeah oh yeah see look
you can see there there's four yeah yeah
so oh yeah yeah make sense I got so I
got I got to the fourth thing which
which was a big boss oh it's just a boss
I well I don't know if there was
anything after that because that was the
first thing I ran into and it was that
oh no no that was the end of the fourth
lair you know what it is like it almost
you've got to a boss I got to a big boss
and I died at the big boss hmm doctor
smoke trees you're insane Man of Steel's
not great I don't know if you're trying
to start something
ma'am Aroo yes the folding ideas video
about Suicide Squad is a very good video
his whole channel he's he has a bunch of
really great reviews that folding ideas
he has one for Man of Steel and it's a
really fantastic breakdown of Man of
Steel ah he has some good stuff that
folding ideas I don't know are you tired
it huh are you tired who's just taking a
little break talking people just talking
and talking to chat talking to check I
was you know give them a give my wrist a
little rest I'm gonna go one more round
and then you can go around go phew
because this is gonna be a whole thing
with changing bindings
probably that's true that's true no I
was talking about falling ideas don't
insult me like that oh I'm sorry dr.
smokers
I did not mean to assume that you liked
that you liked Manistee I'm so sorry
MZ boo says I messed up my subscription
note I meant to write jack beer also
I've been watching older streams and the
board game stream is great hope it can
happen again you know what me too maybe
you two never been rolled out right it's
just it's more a scheduling thing than
anything else
chicken butt exes any plans to auction
off the leftover shards of your Mass
Effect CDs but I paid top dollar to hang
a piece of that prereq history on my
wall top dollar they're already in the
trash oh they went in the trash
immediately yep where they belong
haha oh shit double two deuces Jack yep
stop picking you with a beard from a few
years ago yeah and you look boss ah
someone who can't grow a beard in his
30s you need to represent as a best of
the breed nope you had it in folks we've
been through the the jack with a beard
situation I think if it's itchy and
there's already enough beards at rlm we
don't need another beard I have I have
my little niche as the as the hairless
one I'm the bald one I got a shaved face
that's my niche and II like it just gets
too itchy I don't know how like before I
shaved I just shave today and I feel
fantastic before that I went like a week
and a half two weeks without shaving and
it would just started to claw at me rich
it was like my hair was devouring my
face
and I hated it I'm not going to deny
that I looked super boss with a beard
but it ain't coming back
it ain't coming back love fest effect 1
& 2 3 never happened well enjoy your
story with no ending what
I'm Kenny bananas's I'm can't even man
you can't even ante like that that's a
good name
hello gentlemen hello I'm a big fan of
your internet comedy troupe ah keep up
the good work
ha ha you are them welcome kid a nice
headshot Jack thanks that's all you know
like if I gets to get your space let
them come to you most of them don't have
don't have projectiles so it's all about
finding your finding your safe space
finding your safe space I didn't them
come to you is it a story with no ending
better yeah but neither of them are good
I don't want to start a story that
doesn't have an ending shit running away
yeah a story with no ending is half a
story a story with no ending is a
Stephen King novel well that that's just
a story with a lame ending to me to be
fair Mass Effect one it kind of has a
real proper ending and kinda ends it's
like the end question mark level like a
horror you know okay but still I tried
to play it it felt like going to a
funeral yeah cuz you know how the ending
yeah yeah film the ending with your own
head Canon that is so fucking lame I
could just imagine the whole fucking
thing then how about that
yeah why do you need it at all right
what you got killed from behind my guess
oh let's try yeah let's try a different
gun anonymous says Mitch McConnell sucks
ass up no politics and no crime says hey
guys thank you I had jury duty today
Oh though a civic duty though they
didn't need me and I just sat in a big
room for 90 minutes got me amusing
anecdotes about jury duty yeah unrelated
are you supposed to tip for a haircut
yes you are supposed to tip for a
haircut
generally speaking you tip for everybody
if you tip them well you get a good
haircut next time you go in to but I'll
accept them if you get a good haircut
yeah I mean generally speaking any sort
of service industry and I does I'd put
hair cut people in the service industry
they get tips
I guess it might be a us thing but
here's the thing if you live in the u.s.
you kind of have to tip because the
people who get tips are usually
underpaid to begin with all right like
like waiters and waitresses they they
they literally need tips just to to keep
a roof over their head it's not a bonus
as it should be right like for your
haircut lady or man
that's a bonus for waiters them for
waitstaff no that's that's that it we've
talked about this before tipping is
customer subsidized payroll yeah
it's wrong it's totally wrong and by the
way I looked it up and in Wisconsin yeah
you only have to pay waitstaff something
like three three twenty an hour that's
this that's nothing that is so nothing
right comically nothing there is stuff
in the corpse yeah I don't know that I
don't know what it did it made a little
noise it went Brennan Murr my mom
yeah so if you're if you're not from the
states and you're visiting please tip
when you get food they need it
uh yeah yeah rich you so right rich
oh I see you
most countries isn't it illegal to pay
that low and here the most part is in
this country just for some reason for
some reason there there are there are
two types of employees that our minimum
wage works for regular employees and tip
employees and weight waiters and
waitresses are under the tip employee
provision so they are legally able to
get paid 325 or whatever it it's it's
it's it's awful it's awful it shouldn't
be that way it's awful talking politics
no we're talking about horrible aspects
of our reality
I don't think minimum wage is a
political Howell but you know what of
course it is it shouldn't be it
shouldn't be a political issue but I
guess it is but you know what I don't
care
minimum wage is one of those really dumb
things that that exists and I'm not
terribly sure I mean I'm sorry paying
people enough to live on has to be a
controversial political subject right
you know what rich I also have some I
have some unorthodox and controversial
things to say about child labor I don't
think they should be forced to work rich
now call me old-fashioned
there we go all right so if you look at
my at the lower right hand corner of the
screen I have 5,800 and you need 6000 to
get that I know I know wait waiting I'm
waiting I'm gonna I'm gonna see if I can
kill some more guys and get some more
scrap oh yeah there it is boom or it's
waiting for me already why is the full
only 40 in not 50 the full 50 is it I
thought I did it I only got 40 shield
I thought the fourth try to run the half
shield is 20 yeah half shields 20 see
what happens here yeah was it okay
pinion maybe I had less shield than I
thought when I bought that sure
well there's jury duty anecdotes well
obviously we just don't have that many
I've actually never been called for jury
duty never they called me in for what
about a statutory rape case but they
didn't end up selecting me okay so
that's the closest you guys closest I
got so but you did you have to go to
like the courthouse and wait hours an
hour sure nightmare
that real
come on there we go Oh what how did you
get trigger waste waste of bullets all
these roofer guys here
take your time
aim eat it eat it there you go I thought
you were coming bullshit
okay yeah and I've never been called for
jury duty I want to say like lisa has
been called for jury duty
like a dozen times right she is always
called Anna and like I must have done
something where I got put on a list
whoever listens to the streams is in
charge of calling people for jury duty
and they say we don't want that guy we
don't we just don't want them I know we
may have started apathetic towards doing
something for charity here's the thing
though oh if this is in reference to
like the last room
we can't just barge into vine sauces
charity stream like mine sauce has to
ask us to show up what the and that
that's true for anything like we can't
just show up and like say hey let's uh
let's us the do string to get like if
they want us that vine sauce knows how
to get a hold of us and it what if he
was looking for people to be on his
stream he can totally do that totally be
willing to do it of course knowing as
far as our own charitable thing we just
don't even know where to begin with that
I guess we could just say oh we need a
charity uh yeah everyone does every time
we die we give xmod to this but oh man I
guess I don't know and I think well I
think the other part of the stream is
like you know instead of giving instead
of people like tipping us for the stream
we give them a link to like donate to
Children's Hospital something like that
right it's like you know we'll try to
raise money for that yeah you know we'll
i'm not apathetic towards it I just I'm
just overwhelmed I don't know where to
start
but we'll try to do something what is it
what does vine sauce a popular streamer
slash YouTube channel yeah he had a
sauna ages ago he did like a first
started huh we first started yeah yeah
he had us on and and we had a great chat
with them
we had a great chat with him
yep
Vsauce not not vsauce vsauce is the guy
who does the edutainment stuff it is
vine sauce right I'm not getting that
wrong right yeah it's fine sauce okay
you know what I felt god I'm worried i
fuck that up
Vsauce is the guy who's the hottest
thing on the youtubes he said people say
he looks like me
or I look like him depending on who's
older the bald man with glasses
maybe he wants us under streaming just
ask really I mean of course like we we
can't just barge in read you had a
charity thing get out of the way get out
of the way
we're hurt we heard you doing a charity
thing we want to talk now what are you
doing right I don't care
we're here if you couldn't tell rich
just put his feet up on the table out of
the way
charity streamer we're talking you've
used to do it going down now that we're
here no oh oh I guess I'll later well
we'll be out here
ah nice talking to you oh they never
recovered you he's never recovered after
we were on we ruined a channel Oh
that's a good gun you know what this is
a good gun this little handgun right
here fine gun and then this one you can
throw wait
when when did I develop the George Lucas
impression when I had to when we meet in
George Lucas on camera not a moment
before you didn't have that like a go to
Lucas impression yeah yeah no I did not
I did not like the first time we I
didn't Lucas it was silent wasn't it was
the that what's what was the first time
you did Lucas was it the convention I
think no I think it was um the episode 3
review Lambie and silhouette kind of
hello maybe who it was either in the
episode three reviewer in the episode 3
review epilogue that I do a lot of
research I just pulled something out of
my ass okay anything kind of talks like
this I guess I kind of kind of low-key
you didn't you didn't workshop your
impression it doesn't sound too sure of
himself um what's a workshop huh
what's a fucking workshop I'm not a
professional actor I'm a dufus to
workshop something is to you know like
perform it in front of like a group of
people a group of people probably would
have been Mike and Jade and get feedback
and then and then adjust your
performance based off of that feedback
that's sort of workshopping something is
how's that
l ahd says hey guys Jack have you
listened to the new gorillaz album oh I
have I have my favorite song is probably
a strobe a light strobe light
I guess it's but it's not spelled like
lig aegon whatever what's yours
what about favorite gorillas song in
general mine is probs last living soul I
bite out last living cells a good one
you know there's a there's a there's a
lot of really here's my super hot take
on the new gorillaz album humans is what
it's called are you ready for it rich
cuz I by the way I've had this tweet in
my drafts for like a week since I got it
but I don't wanna I don't want to like
tweet it out because it's so
controversial here's my controversial
gorillas take humans while good
sounds more like a mixtape and less like
a cohesive album I dropped it aimless
course Eris's hey Jake and rich fucking
nerdy question I know but what are your
opinions on the hero's journey story
structure PS is it obvious I have a
useless film arts degree fillet she ate
I felt like symbolism do you want to go
back to the gorillas I did that as a
joke I was a good joke I loved it I
loved because I know you don't care I
know you don't care oh you're spot-on in
a lot of people grow well that's great
well so here's that here's the thing
about gorillas right gorillas is this
mashup of the singer and songwriter from
blur you remember blur yes so it's him
he's basically the main guy and then
every album they work with different
producers and rappers and other
songwriters and it's it's this wonderful
melting pot of different musical styles
right yeah and that's what makes the
grill is such a unique that's what makes
grills album so unique is it's this
perfectly
blended melting pot of like rock pop
electronic hip-hop like this new one has
like reggae tones and it's very
interesting there's like spoken word
sections in there old albums but there
are other albums work as an album
they'll feel the exact like they'll feel
like a cohesive unit yeah so you can
listen to it from front to back and go
on a little journey yeah this humans
just feels like a collection of weird
songs so it doesn't really feel like the
gorillas it feels more like a mixtape
which is something that happens a lot in
the hip-hop community where an artist
will make remixes of their songs and
other people's songs and just put out
random tunes that's not necessarily an
album so so it's good it like humans is
good but it's not a good album if that
makes any sense anyway the songs just
trying not to culturally-appropriate
each other
wait what I don't know no it's just not
it's like the songs are all weird and
eclectic but there's no unifying theme
okay that man that'll make it an album
like still like hallelujah money is on
it and that's a fucking great song maybe
that is the theme oh the rich you made
it okay hero's journey hero's journey oh
your approver how do we feel about the
hero's journey I think is what are you
doing what are your opinions on the
hero's journey story structure tiresome
after a while I'm I get it I thought it
was really refreshing in the last older
game when we didn't have that it was
just yeah you're a badass Knight hmm
so like the question is like is there's
no necessarily there's not necessarily a
problem with the hero's journey the
problem is the oversaturation yeah yeah
I don't know don't hate it yeah like
there's nothing like the hero's journey
is just that's it's so classic it's
everywhere it's what you add to it that
makes it special
and unfortunately lightsabers likely but
at the time that was really new right
but but see like all they added were
lightsabers and space Wizards right
and now Marvel I think is kind of
getting in a bit of a rut where all
they're adding is magic powers or a
shrinking costume you know they're
they're uh it's the hero's journey isn't
as important as the thing that you add
to it what is it what are these noises
that keep happening I don't know like
what is that I don't know what up rage
do you get did you have what it what is
that you're asking me like I know
chattin
wait someone at us in in chatty in the
image at someone at previously recorded
you think it's that yes
Shanny have a new annoying noise yes
okay so that's not it
but you guys heard that too right you
heard that doorbell thank you uh it's so
it's not the at but yeah there was a
doorbell noise and I don't know
there it is what is that I I'm not gonna
know just because you keep asking saying
it's a game thing sure but but what does
it mean in the game is that a different
Gunners have some kind of weird upgrade
to the it's an upgrade it's a it's a
shoot multiple little bullets upgrade
which I don't like as much as the shoot
one one thing straight hell fuck I think
it's see that see that thing on the wall
this black thing yeah I think that's
what's making the noise I couldn't tell
you cuz when I go away from it I think
it'll go away I couldn't tell you it's
the door stupid somebody's saying what
door probably under you there's a dorm
oh shit damn it oh that's my way to kill
him know what that killed me too like
looking down my health is half god damn
it okay nonnamous says you guys are just
critical of Blade Runner 2049 cuz you're
biased Marvel fanboys or something
absolutely
and you know part of me didn't hear
Blade Runner I just heard Blade 2049 I
was like we're not critical of blade
weight
[Laughter]
that's annoying
okay
some some blue guy in chances someone
who's only heard of vanquish in passing
can you give me a brief summary of what
it's about and try to sell me on the
game all I know is that it's got robots
and that platinum made it ah
that look that's what it is imagine a
third-person shooter it was where you're
in this thing okay okay imagine a
third-person shooter where you are not
encouraged to take cover and in fact
they give you rocket boots
[Laughter]
so more like the new doom where they
encourage you to get in there to get
under the action and yeah nice and the
robots are just kind of fun to fight
looks neat it looks neat I'll tell you
what rich nice anime nice animations fun
gameplay fun fun good boss fights for a
shooter my favorite boss fights in any
shooter are from vanquish hmm oh I
haven't gotten one of these yet so check
out this door scan face door okay I need
to find a face and carry it around I
need to find a soldier's face that's
that's a classic reference yeah uh was
part of the original plans for doom that
they didn't use it was like to scan some
spaces and I think they eventually used
it in one of the other games I think
they using quake 2 okay shit reload
reload yeah they used it in quake - okay
and in new doom they didn't do do them -
so it's a it's a reference totally a
reference yes I did a whole I did a
whole game station 2.0 episode on
vanquish I'll you get more details there
Cerie Chen says I am random question of
the day I am Jack you're a coffee guy I
am a cop again how do you feel about
curing coffee ke you are IG Kira you're
a good cop you're a coffee yeah donut
shop is pretty yummy
or are you a I prefer to brew my own
specialty coffee type of dude I am AI am
full-on princess Jack press action to
rip off head wear when it comes to
coffee I have several different coffee
makers what I'm using right now is a is
a arrow press which essentially makes a
couple shots of espresso that you just
pour hot water over that's a fun way I
also have a pour-over mug
I grind beans daily I get whole beans
and I grind them right before I send
them through my specialty coffee maker
I'm a big coffee snob uh-huh so the idea
of the Keurig you've probably seen it
before it's those like pods that you put
in a machine and then you press a button
and like it sends hot water through and
it makes one single cup of coffee yeah
and the pods they make no mess and you
know you get all these different flavors
it's really good for people who just
like what one cup of coffee and don't
necessarily care about quality oh my god
just one cup of coffee have a good
coffee coffee I also have my coffee
black and so like the taste of said
coffee is very important to me
shit shit shit some of the chat said the
Vanquish boss fights are fun but they
reuse them too many times I'd say
because they're fun it doesn't bother me
that they reuse some of the boss fights
I'm glad to face these monsters again ah
look I got a face
then over here
like lots of games have bosses show up
as mini bosses later on sure shit oh
shit
can you drop it I hope so you're fucked
fine jack is so fucking tired Zed says
which one had a more coherent story
Suicide Squad Metal Gear Solid 5 I
haven't seen Suicide Squad because I
just totally cannot be bothered to give
a fuck
Suicide Squad had a more coherent story
it just was it it was just told him like
shit like he kinda you know basically
what's going on in Suicide Squad now
when I do that head now I get is aside
from predator Conan and Terminator any
Arnold Schwarzenegger films that you
guys like and or and joy I like I like
Total Recall better than any of those
honestly
I put Total Recall at the top oh yeah
that's a great one uh
wait besides what now predator Conan and
Terminator those are all great ones
listen I have a I run a club for all
Arnold movies like fuck man I will watch
Kindergarten Cop any day of the week I
can I can appreciate the action scenes
in Terminator 2 but I just don't like
the emotionless killing machine robot as
protagonist like that doesn't do it for
me that's not it oh you got to find the
right face oh my god this might be it oh
my god that's great that's great I think
this is the right face this looks like
it's Alan
Last Action Hero doesn't get enough
credit
yeah they were going there long times
I've seen it I remember not being
thrilled with it that you know they're
going for like a a parody thing get it
yeah I get it and it didn't work all the
time but yeah there's some fun in there
Oh what was the the James Cameron one
where uh true life realize True Lies is
a great Arnold movie Arnold it's such it
what's this Arnold is such an intro well
yeah I'm gonna go for it I just want to
make sure I don't I'm not gonna get
ambushed do it now before you activate
something to die before you get a chance
okay there's a shop coming up it's
alright alright I just want to make sure
there are no more bad guys which shades
Terminator 2 on all Arnold movies pass
it on I'd say I'd prefer Terminator 1 ah
you had some classic Wolfenstein action
suck it up you you I want to move with
my mouth instead of look you have to
strafe check straight how do you strafe
no I'm only turning oh really
yeah so this is something that does one
of your buttons act as a modifier that
might be hell I need some more uh yeah I
need some more it might be the whole the
button turns that into was yeah yeah
hold on I want to play again I think it
was one I'm done
what does it call what are they calling
it liftin Stein Luton shine okay the
wolf3d have strafe yes it had strafing I
remember strafing in it what when I when
I when I pressed left or right that's
that turned my character
well I think I think Wolfenstein had
like a button you would hold down that
would turn turning industry or sure okay
ah fuck shop
okay these are boots I wonder what that
is what that is
I wonder what that is boots we'll
probably good this let's try this guy
what do you think he does but you
couldn't circle straight if you held
down the button you could circle
straight just fine but you had to hold
on a button that would change left and
right into strafing
what did that do I don't know I got a I
got a thing I don't what does it say did
going to your inventory it doesn't say
anything you didn't do anything
Oh what does it do
ah till you love these items where
doesn't say what I kind of do I look you
know rich I just learned a lesson I
learned a lesson
Oh Anonymous's Congrats on 1 million
views hey what's the worst TOS movie and
why it's Star Trek 5 because it sucks
just that simple it's just that simple
yes that guy from the Scotland says
here's a fiver can you two please
unknowns your complete support for
Scottish independence go on
you know Trump's mother was from a
village not far from me we're also proud
believe me look it is not my business
what wet Scotland does I should I should
be somewhat interested my sister lives
there yeah then you should be something
interested I'll ask what she wants
sure I mean how can how can you not
support any sort of independence rich I
think she would rather be a part of the
EU I don't think that's what
independence means well no I think
that's why they want independence no
because they want to be part of these
because they want to be a part of the EU
so they don't want to be a part of the
UK ok so then let's support let's let's
support Scottish independence yeah I I
support independence in general and that
includes Scottish independence
I've I have many I have multiple sisters
up 15 at last count no it's not 15 you
said multiple that's that's any number
rich title between 1 and infinity right
infinity is not a number it's a concept
what infinity is not a number in his
concept and I was using it as a concept
no what are your unspecific which
multiple system it means more than 1 but
2 1 1 from 1 to what but 1 to 1 J and a
specified number what specified number
I'm sure you got the best fight you
could say between 1 and a hundred that
still counts I just said multiple that
didn't specify any number it just 1 more
than 1 so between 1 and infinity between
1 and the most children a person could
have Jaime nice isn't a totally
appropriate use of fit infinity Jack
maybe
and then
none of us says would you consider doing
a best of the worst
episode about foreign movies there are
tons of non English stinkers out there
whether or not a foreign movie makes it
in and I'm swinging me with subtitle
because we've done plenty of Italian
films oh yeah I'm not saying that won't
happen but as a theme no because I think
three movies have been get old Oh 100%
agreed rich yeah we do we do first of
all we do foreign movies all the time
miss Dixon Bop Kat Dina that's true miss
Dixon Bali
yes I was a foreign film we do foreign
films all the time they just they just
slide in love dance oh that's right that
was like was one wish recently made by
like the Filipino Taxation right so
we've definitely done for our movies oh
yeah
but yeah they're dubbed and I'm sorry
about that but this is not gonna be a
good round
it's not gonna be good run
that's that's one one complaint I can
have about this as a roguelike is
generally speaking roguelikes will have
little incentives for you for dying like
you know for example unlocks unlocks
like you know Isaac has things that can
be unlocked that you can use on future
runs the same with spelunky spelunky has
like a system of shortcuts that you can
obtain there is stuff that is happening
to help incentivize gameplay because
you're dying so much and it is so
difficult and I don't think there is
anything like that in here or at least I
haven't seen it and so like here you
know I had a shit I'm having a shit run
and I know this is not going to end well
but at least if I had something a shit
run anyway it was a shit run anyway but
at least if I had something that like I
could work for like okay this is a shit
run but if I collect this many Zork meds
I know I can unlock everything right
hunchback Jackson's hey rich Jack hello
in a bookstore right now looking at
catalyst a prequel novel to rogue one
I'm so glad I can find out the back
story - the back story - the star wars I
think I'll pass then you got to have the
back story - catalyst the back story -
the back story Turtles all the way down
course Lulu anonymous says here is a tip
hope it will be enough to improve your
standards of living I mean any any any
tip does that
tired senses rich as Harold Ramos once
said everything is sex in politics even
tipping even tipping is sex in politics
do you tip your sex worker not saying
you have a sex worker but that was a
general question like I wasn't saying
rich as a sex worker you implied I did
it I did I did and I did not mean to I
guess but that's a question cuz that's
like technically a service industry
let's say someplace where it's legal
like in Nevada yeah where they have like
the bunny ranch and whatnot I wonder if
you're supposed to tip your sex worker
Jack anyone anyone never hook up with a
sex worker give us the hot beats not on
the hook up just on whether or not you
tip oh no idea I have no idea I would
assume you would but it's also that's
also like well is there a difference
between like like tipping a legal Vegas
sex worker and then prostitute off the
streets is there a difference oh sure a
legal sex worker you might tell someone
about right okay prostitute you're
probably not sharing that information
and so like yeah you're not tipping just
a legal prostitute but you go to the
bunny ranch
you know then then there's like cities
did you tip her and you think oh yeah of
course
this is not a problem I've ever had to
worry about no come on chat one at one
of y'all right and somebody do I know
anyone who is used as sex worker I might
I might know someone who's used to sex
worker
anonymous says rich every time you have
a head-on shop like in the Blade Runner
video my brain automatically
superimposes your baby painting onto it
ha ha ha ha freaking me out a little
those eyes on the baby painting and the
baby panda yeah yeah yeah Shanno hod
1897 says hey guys used meme pictures of
you guys for a show that my band Dawson
is plying on June 3rd at the Obey house
in Pittsburgh illegal hope you don't
mind my making money off your goddamn
faces we ever fuckin find you oh oh
you're gonna pay in blood motherfucker
[Laughter]
there's probably nothing we can do about
that unless you used it in any sort of
print advertisement well if you hang up
posters I don't think there's anything
we can do about it if you use it in
print advertising that actually might be
illegal the mystery of my baby painting
and who's who commissioned it mm when it
was the nobody fucking knows I've asked
around nobody alive knows really my dad
wasn't even sure where it came from I
hate that it ends there we need more
input my dad thought maybe his mother I
did it she was artistically enabled from
and I said weld signed eel amp I you
know what I think she would have
slighted a layup oh yeah oh oh huh I'll
shit right so my dad doesn't even
remember where that fucking thing came
from well no of course not he was far
just like it was a dumb painting that
someone had made of you like I'm
assuming my mother or my grandmother are
the only ones who would know and they're
both gone see so the mystery can't die
there we need to figure this out it has
to be something we can do to figure it
out we need to talk to other people in
the area to see if they ever had
commissioned a painting in that style
right
uh Chuck Jack's been using a mouse for a
while now weren't you here for the jack
learns how to use a mouse stream
probably not okay uh you know when I
started using a mouse as soon as I built
my gaming PC then I knew it was time I
knew his time and and you know what I I
got my old my old frag chuck out of out
of dust because I one of my biggest
problems with mouse and keyboard in
general war was the keyboard and as soon
as I got comfortable with the mouse I
started using this as my WASD and now
now I'm great I'm golden what I figured
out was my problem all this time wasn't
really the mouse
it was the WASD mm-hm that was my real
problem that's what kept me away from it
for so long but ever since I got this
guy out of mothballs I'm good and I'm
good now
and obviously there's no better way to
play a first-person shooter no no
there's not the chat is saying that the
baby painting is a quest hook take the
quest yes I've done this I've done this
I am asked around I've there was a while
a few months back is just asking family
members like you've given and there's
that many I can ask anymore really ok
you know what after the stream I'll get
some I'll get some personal information
from you I won't talk to your family but
I'm gonna start calling businesses sure
in the area sure and and we're gonna
we're gonna we're gonna hunt down some
leads rich why why is in the area gonna
help because I assume it would've been
done anywhere near Milwaukee right but I
assume wherever it is that wherever you
lived or your parents or your grandma
lived at the at that age I assume that
people from that area knew of a portrait
painter according to my uncle it's
possible it was done in Disneyworld shit
so there you go well you know what then
what we'll do is what rich sometimes in
order to solve a mystery you have to
figure out what it isn't right once you
start crossing things off your list then
we can narrow it down and if it's Disney
World and that's easy that's it he
wasn't sure he said that's possibility
of course
that's the problem is too many
possibilities we got to start crossing
off some of those possibilities bridge
look at this a look at this idiot look
at this idiot stuck in a pole come on
come on dummy get your shit together oh
whoa
that's one of my infinite number of
sisters I'm the oldest they want no shit
it's a fucking baby picture you know the
siblings don't get older than me one of
my infinite sisters rich Evans and his
infinite sisters
that's a sci-fi novel right there
great doctor
all right turbo Jesus 5000 says hey guys
hi house junk do you think they'll
recast Sheila bleed be off flip woof
the beaut Shia LaBeouf in Indy 5 or just
pretend Indy never had a son just
pretended he'd never had a son
maybe he slowly died of radiation poison
poisoning after touching Indies hat at
the end of four um oh I like that
I like that I'm skeptical this movie is
even gonna get made yeah yeah where did
you come from it's entirely possible
that he just won't be in the film but it
won't be an adventure that involves
month oh mudsy he's at college he's at
college
we're not he's not around I hate mutt
I genuinely don't like shia labeouf as
an actor we don't we don't need nd5 we
don't need any fun we could have another
adventure of Indiana Jones and just
recast Indiana Jones oh we do we need
another adventure Vinnie I don't know
like yeah what I'm saying is we could we
could have another Indiana Jones
Adventure you know what I can't see
anybody but Harrison in the role well
that's you know I can't I just I can't
don't don't uh don't limit yourself by
by lack of vision at that point at the
point where you're having somebody other
than Harrison play Indiana Jones yeah
just make another cereal inspired
swashbuckling 1930s adventure movie you
know sure that's fair
crisp app but it's too goofy Chris Pat
Chris Pratt is a different thing he's a
lovable goofball Indiana Jones was not
it was never a lovable goofball he had a
sense of humor Chris Pine did pull off
Kirk that's true
sumbitch
to my shooting my bops fine thanks
Chris Pine yeah he's kind of jerk yeah
yeah he's fine
he'd be a fine indie he's generically
handsome is that basically like the role
he's playing in Wonder Woman I have no
idea
I didn't realize Chris Pine was in that
yeah and he's basically just playing
like handsome man handsome man about
town who what is an adventurer uncanny
banannie says which one of you owns all
the Star Trek TNG action figures that
would be Mike I never seriously got into
the whole action figure thing yeah yeah
sir that a handful
AJ pimps all says yeah notice there's an
option to buy the game you currently
play yeah it says that you'll get a
portion of the purchase yes we will this
is new I didn't know about this oh we
didn't yeah it's a new thing twitch is
doing we opted in any game we're playing
twitch has a little Buy Now button and
we because we are worthy technically the
advertiser oh yeah yeah we're playing it
will we get a little cut from that so
alright if you were thinking about
buying it anyway there's that little
there's that little button there's that
little button it's probably not a very
large percentage but hey it's Mike
really such a big star wars fit Oh God
if you if you have to ask that question
when star wars new Star Search there's
something that was Trek because we're
talking about the trek figures right
have you never listened to Mike right
exactly
Mike who finds a way to bring up Star
Trek every single fucking episode of any
video we ever made look I I you know I
love Star Trek and he's probably a
bigger fan than I am Jesus Christ yeah
look I know I know you love the plague
and star wars reviews but mike is more
of a Trekkie not that he hates Star Wars
he loves Star Wars too but you got to
realize that the first plank of reviews
he did or the next-gen movies that's
right
hey chat quick question see if any see
if anyone in chat knows this so if you
see my health there on the lower left
you kind of see it we're almost covering
it up you know we're it worse is 100 and
has all those orange and red lines and
then underneath that are the the lines
and dashes and some of them are red and
some of them are not if I grab a health
pack now it fills up those dashes
underneath my health bar what do those
dash is underneath my health bar mean if
anyone in chat knows the answer to that
let me know I still haven't figured that
out
rich hasn't even watched enterprise he's
no fan now that just makes me a fan with
taste boom difference between fan and
fanboy ha ha ha rich speaks the truth
punch back Jackson hey Jack yep
speaking of coffee coffee what is your
take on max time between roasting and
drinking or buying and drinking also
I've heard you should not freeze your
beans but should freeze pre-ground agree
roasted beans actually last a generally
long time like I've read and and my my
cousin actually works for a bean buyer
he works for the company that buys beans
from farms and sells them to Roasters
and according to him who I trust as
that's what he does for work
he says roasted beans can last months
unfrozen unrefrigerated so that's not a
big problem from and for me like I
always grind right before I brew so
ground coffee I can only assume last
just as long but I I don't know anything
about ground coffee as I just have whole
bean but months it can last months in
bean form if you've never watched enter
if you haven't watched enterprise how do
you know it's bad I've seen four
episodes how many times do I have to cut
my foot before I can realize that
walking on glass is bad it'll at least
20 nobodies 20 do I have to do I have to
try and step on every fucking jagged
shard I'm with you hey is anyone able to
answer my - question my health bar -
question oh you get extra health if you
get all the way up you eat if you eat
health packs yeah when you're helpless
full you get an extra orange bar on the
four right once you get five you get
like an extra 10% health oh that's what
I needs enough thank you
because yeah there's two here and I'm at
100 so great great four episodes was
that enough for Deep Space nine and
Voyager Deep Space nine is good I've
watched all of it Voyager is bad but
nowhere near as bad as Enterprise was
I've heard nothing but bad things about
enterprise and I enjoy Scott Bakula in
general and I've heard nothing but bad
things about enterprise
you watch the same amount of episodes as
Jack watched a farce - boom
Jack Jack what yeah yeah how often have
I nagged you to watch Farscape since
then almost never got zero times like
zero like you felt brought it up like
just a joke that I didn't care for it
yeah yes agree with the reasons why I
didn't care for but yeah no you've never
liked then insisted that I watch it okay
cuz you know what you felt that I gave
it a shot and it was my thing and you're
respectful of my tastes
thank you for that rich because remember
people just just because you want us to
like something doesn't mean we will and
the more times you ask us to like it or
the more reasons you give us to like it
won't necessarily work sometimes it has
the opposite effect first four episodes
of TNG include code of honor the African
Planet episode this is why I told people
to started season 3 though I never tell
anybody to start T&G; with season 1 huh
this is not a thing that has happened I
think that what they're trying to do
there say but you made it that far in
TNG right look I haven't shit I haven't
I haven't had enough people tell me that
Enterprise gets really gets really good
nobody really says that it's like a few
like a handful of people that say oh no
it started getting good right when it
got canceled and Malaka that's hardly a
ringing endorsement
[Laughter]
season TNG season one and two are just
bad season two has some of the best TNG
episodes ever season two is it's either
really good or really bad season two has
fucking measure of a man that is like
that is arguably one of the best TNG
episodes ever the the data court case
like to see a high school how's it
greater that's a great upset that season
turning upside okay well boom there you
go
Oh season two the one with the Klingon
ship to the the archer exchange programs
like around the Klingon ship that season
two that's one that I cited as a good
one from season one but apparently that
season two yeah yeah that's a great
episode great episode oh I get to play a
game again rich what's a really bad TNG
season 2 episode the clip show the clip
episode of season 2 I forget what it's
called
okay we're gonna see if we can figure
out how to strafe season two has the
other doctor oh we're not getting into
this I like the other doctor more than
crusher I hated crusher I'm sad they
didn't stick with Pulaski anyone anyone
know how to strafe I don't know how to
strafe
anyone know how to strafe and strafe
payment
why does rich hate redheads I like
redheads I just I don't like crusher
there's a difference
dream son I I i used all of the dreams I
was being a little snooty about my
little Chuck if Jack was on an actual
keyboard he could try more things I
tried all of the buttons that I use in
the real game to strafe in the game with
him again yeah and none of them seem to
be working it has the buttons on this
thing bound the keys you use in the game
right so like I got my jump I got my
action I got my use and you know I got I
have all the buttons I need to use in
the game on this and my mouse so try not
to be so snide motherfucker or do be
snide then I'll just be snide back and
that'll be fine to really just doesn't
matter blue Oh blue key so I got blue
door recently saw Star Trek generations
is the show as bad and boring as that
film hahaha no no the people in the chat
will give you a list of some good TNG
episodes to watch and there are a lot of
them the the aforementioned measure of a
man um who watches the Watchers is great
yep yeah is a good episode there's an
episode ironically enough I think it's
just called first contact that's pretty
good oh yeah it's like first contact
from the alien species point of view
it's like they don't have they don't
have splice space fly again like stark
start Starfleet personnel or kind of
like infiltrating there's like
investigate like they're about to
discover war band well we need to find a
way to make contact sure and the entire
story is like told from like one of the
alien astrobiologists as point of view
yes yeah that's a great episode I know
you don't care for much but I I will
stand by Darmok and Jalad attune oh oh
let's find episode what is that oh I
think that's that I think I think I
think that that alien species is the
dumbest fucking people not necessarily
that episode or sure but like that's so
Star Trek where it's like they have this
you know it's not a it's not a problem
of like we need to punch harder
we just need to figure something out
what the fuck are they saying how do we
figure out what they're saying because
they only speak in metaphor it's Gale
man Darmok and Jalad at Tanagra find a
blue door the inner light I don't know
that's a great beginner episode though
what's the inner light AB card lives a
whole life as someone else on another
planet they there's this weird probe
thrinng thing that like sends beam into
his brain
oh yeah might that might not be a good
beginner yeah I'm with you I can be with
you now
yes it's the one with the flute sorry
[Laughter]
like see that's the thing about Star
Trek The Next Generation is like you
know the interplanetary travel space
ships lasers robots that's the one with
the flute this is a good show I know I
know but it was just like just saying
yes that's the one with the flute like
just tickled me in a very real way they
didn't need to fly around shooting
everything to have a good sign Ori I
know I love it you know it's another
nice kind of size relatively subdued
episode what they referenced the flute
where Picard gets into a relationship
with like the new astrophysicist on
board okay they start dating and he
shows her his flute
hey hey babe that's like this whole
ethical thing like the captain's dating
one of the personnel oh sure sure I
can't remember what that one's called
that's it's it's nothing epic happens in
it it's an episode about parting it has
some nice dates with a woman and then
and then right it's just it's just about
like the relationship of a commander and
who their commanding yeah hey baby check
out my flute
I now take that
so there's a ton of good TNG episodes
out there and generations is crap don't
take that as a good example of what TNG
is none of the movies all right none of
the movies don't take that as canon
right
none of the movies are representative of
what that show was we're starting to
juggle it all we're starting to get some
start and get some frame rate
what's the episode with Picard day when
the kids make Picard dolls that was them
that was the disaster episode were like
there was a problem and the ship was
crippled and Picard was stranded in the
elevator with the kids and there's
something something horrible going on
like different parts of the ship because
they're just trying to figure out what
the fuck happened and how to fix it oh
yeah I remember for guarding the kids I
don't know the dolls well they just did
this Picard day they did like drawings
of him and whatnot
I don't remember that part he was very
uncomfortable with it as he should be he
does not care for children this is just
called disaster yeah I guess it's an
adequate name it's a it's an accurate
name yeah our frame rate is dropping
yeah what's what is going on there I
don't know and I'm not a big fan of it
I'll tell you why I'd say we started the
game then you're gonna lose your
progress oh yeah no I'm not I'm not
going to restart the game unless it gets
really bad but interest I have not had
this happen well and you know of course
games react differently as far as OBS is
concerned let's see if the sometimes the
robot does the Macarena
nope huh any just need to wait for this
level to get on with oh god this is this
this is gonna be hard to play actually
yeah yeah hold on what's up let's uh go
to full options here let's just try it
yeah let's drop that down
let's drop that down to 7:20 and and see
if that helps yeah
you
whoa come on what about that shitty
episode with Wesley playing a video game
and having a boner for a crew member
that crew member was a far better
character than Wesley was and I'm sorry
she didn't show up more right oh oh you
didn't you didn't notice that I didn't
know there's a gender slider they run
with it yeah yeah I think that sounds
more like me is that one that probably
sounds the most like me haha that's
funny that's funny um
oh no rich this is this is a real issue
here you might have to do a restore Oh
like and I don't think I'm having it
like a particularly good run or anything
it's just just just close out the game
and restart again
oh no well you know what I will just go
to debt well just we'll see if I can
we'll see you know like back in the day
trying to watch scrambled porn if you if
you time it just right you can see
something I am Chester's is Jack and
rich yep what are your thoughts on why
they don't make many deep contemplative
sci-fi movies anymore or even space
opera stuff outside of Marvel's Star
Wars also rich have you seen the thing
and that's in thing yep I'm sorry maybe
you missed out on a rival this nominated
for Best Picture last year slow
contemplative big heady sci-fi that was
awesome
and you say not much space hopper stuff
outside of Marv
Star Wars you do realize Marvel / Star
Wars now accounts for half of all movies
released right look at this look at this
everybody oh god oh my god this is awful
that you're seeing this in real time I'm
just gonna go until I die now I can't I
am again because just quit the whole
game out yeah restart aah that's
upsetting that's upsetting this is yeah
that part was absolutely unplayable that
that's actually really upsetting but we
are also streaming and that you you know
OBS and in gaming sometimes can cause a
problem I've had no problems at home
I've very nice game to come to PC though
yeah this is a very nice gaming PC yes
but oh yes but OBS we're gonna try again
but uh listen arrival was great and like
words said light it's it's funny how
you're like besides all of these things
we have none of this thing but I mean
like besides all of these things rich
what was the last slow science fiction
movie before a rival slow science
fiction wasn't there wasn't an action
movie anything in between a rival and
contact oh I'm sure I'm sure that wasn't
an action or a Whore yeah gravity
gravity he saw gravity right yeah and it
barely falls into science fiction you
know they were they were visit they were
incredibly accurate
wait wait wait that's not science
fiction that's just science that's like
what if there was disaster on the space
station right with this pit yeah it was
scientific it was a fictional situation
that was based on science on what we
think would accurately
happened based on scientific evidence a
science fiction it doesn't it we're not
talking it doesn't need alien was any
movie that involved like a car in like
the night 19-teens hey uh-oh Adam Adam
eglee moon ex machina oh you guys are
great children of men these are all
fantastic movies ex machina okay
okay I wasn't I wasn't saying Jack was
wrong I'm just I was trying to list the
way we're out when was the last check I
say look at this jackass our own
Jackie's technically I I am Technic just
because it doesn't have aliens or
doesn't take place on another planet let
gravity counts as no it's not gravity
accounts a science with 100% wrong it
counts I am technically correct Oh
district nine the Martian sea but then
the Martian by your standards wouldn't
count a science fiction either right
they have says anyone been to Mars no
but it's it's it's like Oh barely
science fiction maybe no I think you
guys are crazy
I think you guys are crazy you need more
than just their space I don't think you
do you need an extrapolation of what
science might bring us in the future
hmm we can just disagree on this what
could be possible through science but is
not yet I think the district nine
Elysium serenity so basically these slow
science fiction movies are all over the
place yeah okay well oh and you know
like some of them like they were saying
like Elysium is more that's more like
space action stuff
serenity space action stuff but I guess
like the the point that the chat is
making but like moon is a great example
of a slow burn atmospheric science
fiction you saw moon oh no I had down
you should I should say I don't
bizarrely enough I don't see that many
movies these days I know I know it's
weird the science needs to be fictional
I like it if gravity is sci-fi that
involves science is the the the Steven
Hawkings biopic is that science-fiction
in your book Jack well it's a biopic
that's a whole different thing like I
said like I said if he does science Jack
if you consider the Martian sci-fi I
think you'll have to also consider
gravity to be safe I know the Martian is
just actually done other things but
that's just a the Marsha a nice step
ahead of where we are scientifically ah
in grev that tiny step is enough for it
to be science fiction this you know what
this might be splitting hairs this might
be splitting hairs but I guess I
considered gravity to be a science
fiction as they were dealing with a
fictional situation using the best known
science like no one has ever been stuck
outside for that long of a period of
time and so it is theoretical science
right Christ splitting I'm I am I'm
splitting hairs next you're gonna tell
me that like commando with science
fiction at the time technically you
could do all these things you know yeah
okay no no I am the physics of the
bullets I understand that science to be
science fiction in general like we
needed a space thing or we need an alien
thing or we need a technology thing
right there we go now we're running
something it needs to be a technology we
don't have yet hmm
richness riches fucking fascist in the
way he defines genre no I just like
definitions of words to mean something
well I'm and you know I think this is an
important distinction as all of us who
do like sci-fi where it's like what
counts
you know and I think I might be being a
little I well I think both rich and I
are being a little hyper picky because
it's all you know it's all grey areas
but rich lunk head it's called hard
sci-fi no that would be the Martian the
Martian would be hard sci-fi the gravity
would just be science a fictional story
gravity would be red uses pre-existing
science so it's not science fiction it's
fictional science hard sciences is very
plausible science okay then you get
something like Star Trek where you know
the pulling shit out of their ass their
initial dampeners sure but it hasn't
been compensator that's soft science
fiction but that's the science fiction
that still has their science rules like
they have they have rules based off of
their face that's not hard science right
right oh no I'm agreeing with you I'm
just trying to hammer down the
definitions as far as like the
difference between that and something
that's more fantasy like like a Star
Wars which is still technically science
fiction even though it's more fantasy
where does science fantasy come in Star
Wars
you got wizards and and magic right and
well that's that's the difference is
like in in Star Trek they go over the
fictional science yeah
it's fictional science but it's
consistent rules and Star Wars the rules
aren't consistent because there are no
rules because it's fantasy they're not
important right the science fiction
aspects of Star Wars are unimportant use
the tools
right here's the forest in some bullshit
get into a laser battle that's what's
important Luke so the laser battle we
don't care how those laser battles work
what the fuck is in a lightsaber now
that's important
Bladerunner 2049 is a work of pure
fiction
well 2049 is there's a label for it like
retro sci-fi okay like like the Atari
ads you know when they made Blade Runner
in the you know an Atari ad floating
around was plausible right right right
I'm with you know it's it's it's
outdated but they want to keep it
consistent in the universe that's got a
names like retro sci-fi sure sure like
the resolution unlike the text on your
computer monitors and the original like
you'd have HD and touchscreens now right
so it's an outdated speculation but the
future is gonna look like and that's got
a name I forget what it is like retro
sci-fi or something okay all right right
like what they're doing with all of the
or what I'm sure they're going to do
with alien covenant and like what they
did with alien isolation isolation yeah
yeah yeah where the have they they still
have the old like 8-track players right
right to keep it consistent with their
futuristic universe
shit retro sci-fi sounds like apologies
and that's neat but your sci-fi can be
fun somebody wants to make a cheesy
Flash Gordon movie that's actually got
like rocket shape ships with like rocket
trills on around yeah I'd be I'd be done
with that yeah there's nothing wrong
with that you know what that is fun fuck
fuck fuck fuck right there it is all
your antennas have like hoops floating
around them
where we at
rewind shack says right um message about
this being split up SIPP says I've seen
things you hack frauds wouldn't believe
that grandma's house on fire off the
shoulder of Milwaukee
I watched pizza bears I watched pizza
bears glitter in the dark near the
showbiz gate all those moments will be
lost in time like aids in the rain
that's the time to die that's your
audition for that provider I get it
please read in Rutger Hauer voice well
you shouldn't put that at the end this
is the editor for second person secondly
I I don't have a Rutger Hauer
impersonation I'm trying to even think
of what Rutger Hauer voice is praise
dad's son bro says here's to another
rainy day in Milwaukee I love watching
you fuckface hack frauds play video
games keep it up you fuckface hack
frauds shit just the keyboard we don't
need that I can type in all lwas as
Indies Shango Hyde 1897 says thank you
for indulging my nonsense rich and
Jaclyn's you guys are the best I tweeted
the flyer at you guys few days ago if
you're curious I know you're not yes
it's just a digital fly out for the band
oh sure oh sure
uncanny banannie says mr. rich Evans are
you the prop master of rlm I work on and
and deal with prompts a lot but there is
no official prop master designation if
it would belong to anyone it would
belong to you well wait if we need
something built usually Mike and J are
going to be too busy editing to work on
that shit right and Richard rich knows
his way around a tool bench farming
crisis it's rich I'm sure you've
answered this before but what is your
favorite episode of TNG mine is season 3
episode 2 the instance of command who
watches the Watchers it's the best the
best of the best
it's the ones the episode I should say
what it is cuz people don't necessarily
know that I watch TNG there they're
observing a primitive culture that knows
nothing of space travel or aliens
they're just there walking around with a
carts and their bows and arrows yeah
they're not they're not cave people
protists but they're like you know yeah
old agricultural brand and the little
the little bunker that Starfleet's kind
of hiding and to observe these people
has a has a malfunction and these
primitive people see this like
futuristic space base materialized
before their eyes briefly and so because
they see Captain Picard you know walk
around the enterprise they they start to
think that Captain Picard is God well
well and one of one of the primitive
people gets injured yeah and they decide
to beam that primitive person up to the
enterprise to cure their wounds and so
they they then return they get a vision
of Picard yeah
and they return to their home planet all
of their wounds completely cured to say
the car brought me back from the dead so
Picard must be must be God yep and
Picard's dealing with this conundrum he
doesn't
he doesn't want people worship he
doesn't want to instill a false belief
in nonsense and he's got to deal with
this problem and it's a fantastic
episode that it is that it is because
you know they're not supposed to reveal
themselves to primitive people prime
directive prime directive but by not
revealing themselves I mean like the
interjection was also a mistake right
like well they should have done they
should not have done that read was
against it right somebody I think
crusher crusher Oh crusher took it upon
herself to beam this wounded alien Taub
fucking crusher right fucking crusher
you're not supposed to do that but of
course in crushers defends Pulaski would
have done that shit in crushers defense
it was their technology that caused the
problem yep and so crusher said we
caused this person to get injured we
need to fix that Oh crusher
but oh no it's a great episode about and
you know like and a lot of it just has
to do with like belief structure and
religious themes because like they
didn't start praying to Picard and when
Picard doesn't answer them because of
course you can't he's on the ship they
start to interpret what Picard wants and
it goes down this dark path really
fuckin quickly it's been gentle it's a
great episode it's it's a great little
little allegory for okay are you good no
you do the because you're doing the
martini shaker again is that I got I got
a lot of mock arenas my first time the
robot does the Macarena
they are 77 says hey guys wondering if
either of you are fans of alternate
history fatherland most highly
recommended man in the high castle etc
carry on you magnificent bastards
I really enjoyed season one of man in
the high castle and then it took too
long for them to make season two so I
completely forgot who all the characters
were and what they were doing so then in
watching season 2 of man in the high
castle I forgot everything and I didn't
feel like going back to rewatching
season Oh my problem of man in the high
castle was every single character was
unlikable
yeah well that's part of what I liked
about it is like oh good everybody's an
asshole it's an interesting it was an
interesting concept though and I have
nothing against the idea of an alternate
history right story what what with what
was that did you find some kind of
Easter egg was that in the game that was
in the game
what happened
huh you may have found some kind of
easter egg
I go did you accidentally click like the
use button on that robot no I don't
think so you guys heard that too right
can someone make that a clip yeah make
that a clip
anyone can make like a 30-second clip Oh
anyone can yeah anyway well like oh but
only 30 seconds okay
someone make a clip of that and give
that a little WTF cuz what was that I
just want to hear what he said if we can
we were gibbering over it but I think
did the robot say something I'm assuming
it was the robot I have no idea what
happened how strange how very strange
madam says Blade Runner has seven
murders and two rapes the first two
hours of TNG has zero murders and zero
rapes ah
how's that for exciting also
congratulations for getting the lead in
Blade Runner rich it's gonna be great
somebody's gonna have to explain to me
why the Blade Runner is not boring yeah
it's it's all the reasons why you want
to like it and it's and it's visually
striking it's not boring because it's a
it's and it's interesting themes and a
mystery and it's a cool world and so you
get to see all the technologies you're
shown to interesting themes but all I
remember is like half an hour of
Harrison Ford zooming into a Polaroid
yeah enhance enhance right it's but but
what that gives us is like so like it's
this retro tech it's like interesting
tech to look at and he is doing
something and he goes and talk to
someone and then he sexually assault
someone right yeah it's it's a whole big
thing it's the themes the the world and
the cinematography is the only way you
know look I totally get the style of
Blade Runner yeah
it's a fine movie to take visual
inspiration from uh-huh
I don't I don't think it deals with the
subject matter and any kind of
interesting way though well doesn't it
doesn't really deal with the subject
matter it just lays it all out there
does not give you it which is
masturbates over its style from our but
know it get it it allows also
atmospheric oh and you know what I I'm
gonna say this and I'm gonna regret it
as soon as I said it lets the audience
come up with their own and disposition
low boring conversation is so
atmospheric it is it is rich I fucking
hate it it's great I've tried
I have tried like four different times
in my life to watch the Blade Runner
I've tried to like that movie and I
can't do it and you know what I can be
with a rich I can be with you I have
never made it through a full viewing of
Blade Runner not a saint not once I love
it I love it I love it I love it and I
can't not love it
I love it and I can't not love it
which version well first couple of times
I tried there were no other versions of
a theatrical cut when the directors
version came out I think I tried
watching that no go and those like a the
fourth director's cut no go I I do not
like that movie I'm sorry it's beautiful
and rich I will not I will not push you
on the Blade Runner it's a great setting
I wish they did something with it
it's such a good sitting it is it is
yeah he gets full credit for that
back
they had done something with it wouldn't
be Bladerunner then Blade Runner is a
shitty boring movie I'm sorry no it's
not that either
listen it's it's not often where a movie
where the audience brings their own
interpretation is a good thing in fact
it's very rare that that is a good thing
but Blade Runner is the exception to the
rule because it's dealing with themes of
humanity and what makes us human it is
up for the it is up to the audience to
make their own decision yeah but yeah a
wile asses thanks for the oli thanks for
all the hour of entertainment Vanquish
coming up the day I'll be back from a
vacation to Japan
can't wait for the extravaganza stream
huh huh huh that's Sunday too right and
is it coming out to Sunday I have no
idea I have no idea rich no
shag Ahad 1897 says hey red shit any of
you guys big fans of the newer
Battlestar Galactica series thanks again
yeah I liked it I dug it
I heard the end was crap I never started
watched it because of that night yeah
it's gonna be a letdown the end like why
get invested because all the rest of it
is so good the end the very ending like
the way they wrap it up is total crap
yeah everything leading up to that
though is very good it's a very good
show
besides the ending which which I will
just I'll agree its total garbage
Deckard is a replicant who overcame his
limitation you don't even know these are
replicant y'all whoever implications
bring your own interpretation shit
didn't take then bring your own
interpretation and shove it straight up
your ass it's it's the it's one of the
few times that that works and I will not
shove it up my own ass as I don't think
that would be very comfortable I heard
that
there you are
well you give Blade Runner the final cut
another shot of Jack gives Farscape
another shot
I've given Blade Runner like four or
five chances throughout my life quite
frankly I don't care if Jack gives
Farscape another shot
no and rich does not have to watch Blade
Runner if he doesn't want to I I respect
Rich's taste enough not to force him to
watch Blade Runner even though I
disagree with him which is really mad
that people like above I'm mad that
people can't deal with the fact that I
don't that's what I get mad about it's
surprising it's a brand and you've
admitted that it's surprising because of
all the because of all of it the
elements are there right so it's like
you can't be shocked that people are
shocked because you understand what air
Harrison Ford miss prime yeah pre what
was I was a Ridley Scott before
Prometheus oh yeah Shawn Shawn young
Rutger Hauer Daryl Hannah great seemed
fine to you yes fine fucking talent in
that movie that you have that great
setting these philosophical themes what
is what is human and it just doesn't
work you throw it together at a pot it
doesn't work you throw a pot you just
have Harrison Ford mope around for two
hours that's what you do
uh-huh Oh sounds great
that looks interesting
that's a teleporter we know we don't
like that
let's see what this guy does that might
be a jetpack you know I don't I don't
like it as a game but I think so Bob
handled that subject matter far better
soma soma yeah oh yeah
someone was great from a story
perspective blade burner hard sci-fi
nope
no no blade owners not hard cipher there
is no conceivable design for a flying
car that alone the flying car alone max
blade runner' out of the hard sci-fi
contention let alone your androids
hard sci-fi goes out of its way to not
violate gnomes science like if you're
gonna have a flying car in a hard sci-fi
movie it has to be based on some actual
scientific principles that are floating
around and yes it's very conceivable we
will have this device some time in the
field like some sort of quadcopter as
great Helicon
yeah I can see that the technology
exists kind of now to apply that to some
sort we could have we could have quad
copters quadcopter cars right right some
sort of like self flying quadcopter cars
right so yeah you know what I was just I
was some some someone just re-watched
our our first four hours of Soma today
and was yelling at us for for not liking
it and i was equally snarky back to them
and and they were yelling at us for not
liking the story and I was like no in
fact both rich and I said this would be
a great story as a story as a story that
was in fact our big complaint was we
were interested in the story but the
game sucked yeah like we wanted to read
this story and just not play it because
the playing part was boring did they
even comprehend the things you were
saying no no it's just it was
Gattaca is hard sci-fi them what
happened what all happens in Kanaka well
I think gatok is about cloning so yeah
thank again I've never seen Gattaca uh
it could be Lisa loves the Gattaca
though she's a sci-fi person - she loves
Gattaca uh maybe that's just because of
ethan hawke where huh but I think I
think the Martian counts as hard science
little with the exception of the actual
storm that gets him stranded there in
the first place oh yeah that is
scientifically impossible Mars is too
thin an atmosphere
ah interesting yeah not know that but I
know when he wrote that book he was that
book was like gob slowly written for
free on the web like chapters at a time
and closest people were giving him
feedback and he was changing things as
he went to be more scientifically
accurate
really yes oh that's fun I did not know
that he didn't he didn't originally
charge for it I think he had to charge
for it eventually or they wouldn't put
it on like Amazon or wherever was like
people wanted a book version okay and in
order to get a book version he had to
charge people for it and they started
buying it like crazy oh it was
originally available for like free you
know well the guy who wrote wool also
did that he would write chapters for
free and give them out for free and and
will became an international phenomenon
is this a thing that happens like
authors just write stuff for free I'm so
I I just know that's how the Martian
came about what a great world he charged
a buck the minimum he always has a buck
for the book he had to charge for it oh
that's great yeah that's great
the removal of the narration was an
enormous improvement in my opinion I can
only assume they're talking about the
Blade Runner and I don't know what now
it's just a quiet boring movie yeah I by
the way I I also enjoyed and you lose
that you lose a lot of that that old
hard-boiled warfield
not that it was especially great voice
over anyway but I don't I don't see what
you actually gained more questions okay
you gained more mystery
Oh