Episode 780
Party Like it's 1996!!! (Strafe part 2)
June 11, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=siatSG14szM
___________________________________________

looking forward to star wars the last
Jedi but I can't help but fear that it
will be incredibly average at best
yep you know what but I bet it'll be fun
sure sure unless it's the devil's gonna
be trying to ape Empire so it won't
it'll be the dark one no I'll be the
moody 100 yeah I mean I I'm making that
noise because I think you're right King
rubbish says hey Jack Knight you said
you're a fan of firearms huh what are
some guns you own and what's the most
fun thing you've fired PS rich wait
outshine Ryan Gosling I will not go into
the guns that I own that is a personal
thing
do you own the ID I own some guns are
they in your house we will we will
this is out thank you better you better
have some Eddie the Eagle tapes lying
around jack they I I have trigger locks
I have gun safes I do not have them for
a home protection I have them just to
shoot for fun there they are not they
are not at my bedside table loaded
they have locks they are in safes they
are there they are safe okay then I got
and they are so the in order for my
children or anyone to get a hold of them
they have to go through so many layers
that it is inconceivable as like I said
I don't have them for home defense I
have them because it's fun to shoot do
you educate your kids on these guns I
will I will when they're all well you
know I I don't think you know all this
is 9 not quite ready like they've been
to the firing range with me before and
like we've gone over safety there of
course but they haven't fired him yet
mostly because they haven't wanted to
mm-hmm they're you know just like I know
no thanks
so um but I have a handgun I have a
handgun that I shoot
what's my favorite thing I've ever shot
there there's two really cool guns that
I got a chance to shoot one was a
semi-automatic 9-millimeter assault
rifle ah it's like a police issued
assault rifle that only shoots
nine-millimeter bullets and
nine-millimeter bullets that you know
are pretty small and they don't have
much pushback and this was in a rifle
format yeah it had a like a laser-guided
scope and so the really neat thing about
it is it do short bursts a good good and
it was so accurate burst I thought
automatic was every semi-automatic was
every finger press was one bullet what's
the one where maybe I'm miss pica I
could be wrong I'm not a gun guy no this
is jus it was a it was ma maybe it was
automatic no it was automatic it was so
little burst little bursts of shots and
because the nine millimeters gave so
little resistance and it had a shoulder
but yeah you were incredibly accurate
even at long distances and like I loved
shooting it just because of how scary it
was like honestly rich like from here
you could hit you could hit something
like but really accurately with a lot of
bullets that was a lot of fun to shoot
and my brother-in-law's
father one day when we went to the range
brought oh I forget what this is called
I want to say it's called like the Rhino
what it is rich it's a revolver that
shoots shotgun shells this is a real
thing that exists it is a revolver that
shoots shotgun shells and the what the
idea is an end and he has it for home
defense because here's what he says and
you know he's a he's a he's a bit older
and you know he's a he's a gun person
and um guns are scary guns are scary but
you have to still aim them so his
thought behind it was listen I need
something that I don't need to worry
about aiming I just want to point in the
general direction and pull the trigger
and have have it spread yeah
and so like that's all it is is that it
is a river
over that shoot shotgun shells and
shooting that thing fucking hurt that's
what you want for home defense exactly
exactly
but of course you don't really because
statistically speaking you are more
likely to shoot a loved one yeah and
which is why I don't use my gun for home
defense I don't intend to because you
are way more statistically likely to
shoot someone that you know a family
member so no I don't like the NRA the
NRA doesn't give a shit about your
constitutional rights they are a
lobbying organization for gun
manufacturers and no one who I shoot
guns with cares for the NRA they're
they're a bunch of jackasses they don't
care they don't care about what the
Second Amendment means they don't care
about educating people to proper gun
usage that's how they started right
there were an educational organization
no no they are a lobbying no no when
they started yeah when they started they
were a lobbying group this whole
Education thing is a byproduct of giving
them a better public standpoint I have
heard when they first started then they
were taken over by the lobbyists oh and
you know what maybe that's true but as
far as long as I've known them they've
been a lobbying group that don't
actually care I'm talking about a long
time ago okay well then that's before my
time
america fuck you jack right you know I
I'm not a gun nuts I just I they're cool
they're fun you know like it's a fun
it's like a toy that can kill someone
but you know the responsibility is
what's important to me and you know the
part the part of the Constitution that a
lot of people forget is is a well
maintained militia a well-regulated
militia has the right to Gary carry arms
and that means training people what does
it matter if they're lobbyists if they
have the same goals that you do they
don't necessarily have the same bill is
there their goal is to sell more guns
like you might be in favor of like
waiting periods and whatnot right
waiting periods and background more
sense of background check things that
the NRA would violently oppose right
like taking into account someone's
mental status you know past crimes that
sort of thing also yeah just making it
harder to get guns in general which i
think is important not a proper
education move away from this hey let's
move away from guns and play this game
where we shoot gun shit dog where's ya
now now we got talking about guns I
forgot where I was going
Chacma rich up says if either of you
seen slash read the expense the show is
amazing and the books are even better
think you both love it Jack this is a
you topic yeah oh I love the experience
i watch the show it's a great show a
really great show sci-fi original that's
you know what that's some good science
fiction right there they take their time
with all the sci-fi stuff oh man
Jack look at look at all those bullet
casings on the ground okay yeah I just
bring that up now that we're not talking
about guns we're not talking about guns
that you can't talk about gun race we
don't want this to get poetic just y'all
don't pay any attention to those bullet
casings and so that's what I'm saying
what I'm saying oh there's that's where
I'm you pointed out so I can tell people
to remember to ignore that thanks rich
oh that was public service you know
where did you come from
monster closet apparently damn it
fucking monster this game should not
have monster clauses in a game where
your health was important there's no big
note there should be no got you up from
behind moments son of a bitch
no that's that's what makes it hard so
I'm ok with it
I want to begin with it is hard to begin
with it I'm ok with the monster closets
I just didn't think I activated one
Justin bour he says I'm sure rich
already knows but I just got an email
saying vanquish is coming to steam for
pre-order we know we talked about it
early on it's already pre-ordered it's
gonna be great thank you and if you
pre-ordered and have bayonetta in your
steam library you get 25% off
let's go neat unexpected bonus
shit
the Ayatollah of rock and roll Isis even
though wrath have come is a great film
did they make a mistake by breaking away
from the motion picture with a more
military style Federation where the
Genesis scientists acted suspicious of
Starfleet's intentions Wow right when
Star Trek says they're not a military
organization I've always got the
impression that they protested too much
they've always had uniforms and they've
always come in to act as like a defense
against alien incursions of some kind I
mean that was a whole freakin Gorn
episode oh yeah so I actually think it's
a little bit appropriate now the
mistrust of Starfleet maybe you got a
point there with the scientist well if
it makes sense if they really are a
military organization yeah a scientist
would mistrust them right we don't want
you shooting your lasers around our
experiment it's not how its
traditionally been displayed
that is not how it's traditionally been
displayed but in them it worked for the
movie portrayed I guess not displayed
whatever same thing it works for the
movie it worked yeah yeah it worked for
come this there are scientist in the
military though
yeah but the particular scientist we're
talking about in Star Trek the Wrath of
Khan were hippies yep mm-hmm
they were hippies trying to grow some
apples in the middle of a planet
anonymous says Jack yeah
I'm highly disappointed in you okay what
the fuck was with that shirt in the band
at a review just Darkrai I expect more
from your shirt list I hope you have
better ones in the horizon dawn on the
horizon dawn fun fact we shot two
episodes that day the day we shot our
Bayonetta review it's not the unused
Giambi we shot it we shot an episode
talking all about the switch and it
turned out to be not very good mostly
because rich didn't care and I don't
have anything to add right well yeah
yeah right you didn't care and so like
it was just a lot of me talking and I
didn't articulate my points terribly
well because I didn't have anyone to
bounce off of so I ended up scrapping it
I was wearing are you blaming me
are you actually blaming me I was
blaming oh wow you didn't care so you
didn't add anything interesting and I
didn't target you you're saying I didn't
care that's not true I just didn't have
anything to add yeah it's not it's a
gimmick yeah I've been saying it's a
gimmick yeah it's a gimmick yeah oh yeah
but that's what you didn't you didn't
even care
here's here's what here's what the
problem that episode well and also rich
the second part of that was I did not
articulate my points very well okay so
it would have been an episode that would
have been all me talking occasionally
cutting too rich to go like this
would've been a really boring I'm not
saying anything I ant I thought was
unreasonable right but you weren't
adding anything and well and you took
the stance of yeah I thought it was
gonna be a gimmick so that's a gimmick
where it's like or you could just say
it's a gimmick I'm gonna mate I'm gonna
do one more run and then I'm gonna hand
this over to rich one more run uncanny
banannie says it's been nice chatting
with you folks one last question for me
yeah are you hoping supreme leader snoke
is an entirely new character or someone
we know thank you and good night
um I think it's gonna end up being
Palpatine's old master that's what I
think
okay so someone we heard about but as
someone we know all right there's not
many other people it could be unless you
rehash palpite like you Palpatine
survived somehow but I don't know
the hologram guy did not hinted
Palpatine to me no and it's not gonna be
Luke everyone's wrong about that people
think it's gonna be Luke people still
think it's gonna be a little calm man I
have no thoughts on the subject of who
Snoke is I don't you know I'll find out
when the movie tells me I don't care to
speculate you want to make it someone
mildly interesting all you really got is
that Darth Plagueis or whoever was
that's all you got
I don't even know who that is Palpatine
is old master he talks about him in
episode three briefly oh that's fine why
I don't know who you're talking about
episode three
I saw someone in the chat asked me
whether or not I thought this game was
fun and the answer is yes I'm really I'm
really enjoying this it's it's very hard
it's a very hard game and like any
roguelike it requires a little bit a
luck and a whole lot of skill but I'm
having a good time I'm having a very
good time playing it so so far I
recommend it I don't have like a ton of
time in it yet but I've been playing it
and enjoying it
none of us says hi guys thanks for all
the entertainment hello I just bought a
used we you to play breath of the wild
since hoot was my favorite game as a kid
first console I've owned in 15 years
Wow what nons Elda game should I check
out how you shit out of luck
yeah we you there's plenty of games in
the Wii U are there Mario maker yeah
Mario maker is like the one all of the
side-scrolling Mario games are super fun
are they all on the Wii U the ones made
for the Wii U like like uh there was new
super mario brothers you yeah and new
super mario brothers on it too and mars
you Marvel is you Mario Brothers a 3d
World
okay sure that's a good one yeah fine
splatoon is fine though everyone's gonna
stop playing it on the Wii U once the
one comes out on the switch so that's
probably bad investment Mario Kart 8 if
you like the mario kart but of course a
lot of people are gonna move over to the
switch I'm sure there's some other games
some seems a trained Elevens yeah he's
trained check yeah did you check out
that Kickstarter for ray guns and rocket
ships I mentioned Sunday what did you
think
yes I did check that out
what did I do I remember it I can't help
you
here's my problem is I specifically
remember checking it out but I don't
remember what came of it hold on ray
guns and rocket ships
oh yeah oh so it's a it's a board game
it's a kick-started it's a kick-started
board game and I I don't have any super
strong opinions on it only because I uh
I went through a board game buying glut
recently and I just can't get any more i
lisa has cut me off she's taking my
credit cards and she has she's
absolutely forbade me from buying any
more board games because I just bought a
whole bunch and a whole bunch that I
kick-started are starting to come and I
I have a problem I have an absolute
problem when it comes to board games I
want them all and it might look good but
I'm gonna wait I'm gonna wait until some
people play it and I hear things about
it before I can buy it okay or else or
else I'm gonna buy it and I might be
disappointed in because I have I have a
real problem I have I have a board game
buying problem frenzy says better call
Saul exclamation point that's a good
joke quite good spin on quite quite good
spin off show from Breaking Bad yeah I
liked it I did not know I wanted to see
the back stories of our characters from
the Bush era uh you guys watching I'm
gonna say no oh I've seen the first
season and I you know as as you may or
may not know I did not care for Breaking
Bad that much but I love better call
Saul Bob Odenkirk plays the the shady
lawyer in Breaking Bad yeah he's the
questionable lawyer that is Walt
Eisenberg's lawyer yeah
and he's all sorts of shady he's Bob
Odenkirk which is great and so this is
it's almost like his origin story of how
he became the shady lawyer okay okay and
it's a fantastic character piece but Bob
Odenkirk is in it and he's America's
Sweetheart as far as
concerning yes he's the greatest michael
so it's a prequel show it's a prequel
sure it was like after the fact none
it's pretty sure michael mckean is that
the guy from spinal tap Michael
oh the old comedian is that his name
Michael
I think it's Michael McKean he's from
spinal tap and all those movies and I'll
know when I see them I'm bad with names
might object bad with names is Bob
Odenkirk a yes Michael McKean Michael
McKean great okay yes um Jack how's
everybody's America's Sweetheart only
when it's true Michael McKean is in it
as Bob Odenkirk older brother yeah who
has this wonderfully quirky character
tick that um that I won't give away just
because so it's it's a fun show it's a
really fun show even if you don't care
about yes Lenny from Lenny and Squiggy
yeah damn name I know you're talking
about though yeah a really fun show even
if you don't necessarily care about
Breaking Bad like I don't fun show Chad
I'm I'm not going to be able to see
guardians to until this weekend because
I have to wait till Karen is off of work
and once he sees it we will have a big
ol conversation about yeah
a big old conversation and you know
bye-bye next by Sunday stream that
that's enough time for spoilers and
nonnamous wants to know our opinions on
2001 a Space Odyssey I was too young
when I tried to watch him way too young
yeah yeah to get it yeah um it's a fine
movie that I think has some pacing
issues in seeing it as an adult it's
really slow it's really slow and the
first half of the movie isn't
necessarily connected to the second half
of the movie which I know is very
deliberate but
it's also a little annoying
I'm subset when I was a kid because I'm
I'm a space movie and they're all these
monkeys running around right well yes
MRC bunkies from from a cinematography
standpoint it's beautiful but I think
it's really slow and it's quite possibly
too slow for me seriously can't you
fucking sit for a couple of minutes I
was like ten
dick rich listen I'm at such a filmic
level when I was five I wrote my first
fifth on the implication of the youth of
humans in monkey food in 2001 if they
thought if he if you think about it the
fact that he they said they're talking
about you that you could have said so
for a fucking few fucking minutes oh
yeah yeah you know No
and I saw recently I just thought it was
at the Milwaukee Film Festival a couple
years ago and me and Jay went to go see
it and who else went to go see it with
us and they were they had a 35 an
original 35-millimeter print and so it
was like the original 35 millimeter the
intermission break as it was originally
intended at the oriental theater and
which is a beautiful theater in
Milwaukee and it was just way slower
than I remembered and I was just like
come on come in nonnamous says you guys
don't like a thing that I like I have
not been validated I cannot sleep until
you validate the thing I like being as
good help you again you know you know
the hell yeah you know that he has
nothing to do with the monolith yeah
this fucks that about like the movie
starts at the monolith right and it like
sparks the monkeys into into using tools
for the first time right and then humans
find the monolith on the moon or some
shit
right and something sparks in the humans
and we go on an inter intergalactic
travel right and then the hell shit is
complete has nothing to do with the
monolith yeah it's like bullshit there's
nothing I can do to help you
I always like as a when I watch it when
I was younger like you know when I was
like watching all of those movies as a
film nerd I had always assumed that the
monolith affected how affected this
artificial intelligence and turned the
artificial intelligence to be critical
of humans and I thought that was like
the story arc of the monolith but how
has nothing to do with the monolith
somebody in the chat wants to know how
far into the game you are okay I think
this is level one this is a roguelike
game yeah roguelike rubelite I don't
know however the fuck you want to say
and I'm lost at the moment means there's
permadeath then you play through it
multiple times
yeah how do I get out of here as also
the levels are procedurally generated
too so it's not like you go through the
same exact layout every time you play it
right yeah and I'm not doing terribly
well this run bad die and restart well
I'm not doing I'm not doing terrible but
just not I'm not killing it
shit shit shit
barrels are not your friend
you think barrels are going to be your
friend but they're not your friend they
kill you more than they help you my rom
says yeah as someone who has never even
heard of Farscape and likes stuff like
fireflies slash Star Wars a lot star
trek not so much how would you sell it
to me that's a new rich um group of uh
wanted space criminals not really
criminals is like this like no political
criminals kind of on the run from the
space law and insert and terribly
likable charismatic protagonist who's
from modern-day earth he's a fish out of
water in this bizarre alien environment
I know you kept on saying like the first
guardians was very far escape yeah yeah
guardians had a very Farscape vibe to it
these kind of all misfit characters yeah
so if you like scarred into the galaxy
you'll probably like us kind of forced
to get be together just cuz you know
they're criminals they're on the run the
same people some great chemistry between
the two romantic leagues and a horribly
charismatic main character that's a good
sales pitch rich
it's fine sales pitch
ha
yes yes there was a puppet main
character and it's wonderful because
it's not a shitty CGI effect and it's
not so got a horrible forehead makeup
hahahaha that's true
there is a puppet main character yes
yeah Peter yeah John Crichton the main
character of Farscape is like Peter
quill from guardians if Peter quill were
intelligent ah Xing it's absolutely true
I agree because john crichton he's
always coming up with some kind of
clever ass way out of situations and
they don't always work that's the fun
thing sometimes he tries the clever
thing that it fails horribly
yeah that was all level 1 1 point 1 i
liked the blue lady the second one says
so yeah she was neat
Crichton was an astronaut yeah no I
strongly suspect that guardians is
knowingly ripping off Farscape
you think to some degree yeah the
question is knowingly and then by the
time you get to Farscape season two the
villain is really good the villain
through season one is kind of lame okay
once once you get to the end of season
one they introduce that and kind of a a
new main bad guy who's far more
interesting and sinister guardians of
the galaxy is from the 70s yes but the
version you saw on the movie is not the
version that existed in the 70s right
and the version that existed in the
movie is nothing like the comic that
existed in that's from like the 2000
something right they rebooted the comic
guess I'd talk about Harvey and Farscape
chat that's spoiler territory you have a
ship of outlaws on the run so you can't
have like the main villain who's looking
for them in every episode right they
found a clever way around that though a
very clever way around that which I'm I
won't spoil they were rocket launcher
what is our approach to spoilers it's a
new release we try to avoid talking
about it to give people time to see it
that's the other reason even if I had
seen guardians - yeah which I've not
been able to it'll be this weekend we
would not be talking about it
yeah then like normally what we do is
try to hold off all conversation until
like an hourish before we're going to
end the stream and then say okay from
here on out yeah anything goes anything
goes anything goes and so then if anyone
hasn't seen it
so that's probable due on Sunday after
which gets a chance to watch guardians
to Israel will say okay you know at this
point we will be talking about spoilers
so all ye be warned crichton goes a
little mad because he's thrust into mad
circumstances it works yes John Crichton
changes he's a very different John
Crichton from season 1 to season 4
interesting first season hey he goes out
of his way not the you know not to not
to murder is my murder that erodes I
want that erodes oh that erodes it has
to cuz he gets into situations that are
crazy
yet John Crichton and Aeryn Sun two of
the main characters from Farscape they
kind of by the time the show ends they
kind of end up taking on the best
characteristics of either character okay
like she was raised in the military so
she's a hard-ass and John Crichton is
just kind of thinking nice compassionate
man and you know she gets she gets a
little bit of his compassion by the time
the series ends and it becomes like
learns to be a hard-ass from her by the
time the series ends they take the best
from each other Jack that's pretty rich
that's great rich that sounds you know
what that that sounds swell what son of
a bitch
so no bitch come on
anonymous says Jack I don't mean to harp
but watch Patriot already some Amazon
Prime original and it's beautiful and
perfect it's free you fuck if you have
Amazon Prime okay okay how hard it says
good evening hi
my wife is having twins and have
searched for some good baby names this
idiotic question actually could help us
rich
excuse me some of you what by dick as a
child when why change to rich um I
honestly don't remember when this
transition happened I would presume it
just happened around high school age and
I don't remember any of these
circumstances around this like by the
time you started to realize dick was
something else like it you transition to
rich I don't even know if that was it
was it dude you remember if it was your
doing or like just the people around you
probably the people around me sure yeah
sure nice but my uncle I love my uncle
he's dead now but he went by dick is
whole life right it's a name yeah it's a
name yeah but a lot of people have hmm
if anything I would have changed it just
to not be is associated with that like
that's his name man well maybe that's
worth a change that could be I don't I
honestly don't remember hmm
for if you have it well and here's you
know here's the thing about patriot and
Amazon Prime
there's this weird thing with Amazon
Prime and Apple we're like I have an
Apple TV that's what I use to like watch
Netflix and YouTube and all the stuff
that I watch on my TV I watched through
an Apple TV but the Apple TV does not
have an Amazon video app hmm because
Apple and Amazon butted heads a while
back and Apple didn't want a competitor
to their iTunes Store and then Amazon
said well fine fuck you we're not going
to sell your Apple products on Amazon
and so they didn't get along for a while
very soon we will get an Amazon Prime
video app on the Apple TV and so I
actually like I don't really even think
to watch a lot of Amazon video because
I'd have to like turn it on on my phone
and send it to my TV that way it's not
just part of my TV ecosystem so that's
probably why I haven't gotten around to
it is because like I don't see it when I
turn on the TV and search for stuff you
know mmm I'm sure I'll like it they're
gonna they're going to get rid of that
soon they have finally made peace with
each other it's been frustrating for
those of us who enjoy Apple products and
also really like Amazon it's it's it's
oh it's been hard it's been tough it's
been a tough road rich yep it is your
turn
okay it is your turn man what time is it
how much longer we even get go honestly
oh maybe another half hour hour sure
Amazon Prime also doesn't play well with
Chrome how do you have this bound uh if
you got your mouse is different than
mine and I don't use this thing okay so
the big flapper is jump big flapper big
flappers jump and the little flappers
use item this is nothing and that's
nothing uh and then for that obviously
like I'm not jumping huh I'm not jumping
can I see oh my god is that off it's
because it's off its turn okay okay
and then mouse you know right and left
click obviously and then the the
interact with stuff is this top that one
is top one real oh it is the one
underneath it and then map and items are
the other two buttons but and if you
want to get your mouse set up with your
own coin it's got a coin rich so in any
case I I'm sure I will get around to a
lot of Amazon Prime stuff that I have
missed as soon as it comes Apple TV and
then I can just turn on my TV and and
have it all honestly I like I forget
about all of the really good movies that
are on Amazon Prime all the time just
because it's not on my it's not on my TV
which is a shame it's a darn shame but
hopefully the the the problem will be
resolved shortly
thanks anonymous what are your opinions
on wireless headphones I love them fine
I love wireless headphones they you know
it's a hassle to remember to charge him
but I I live with a woman so headphones
are a vital important part of my life
absolutely absolutely I have I have two
pairs of wireless headphones I have a
cans like big over ear cans so people
can't oh you prick here rich shriek
while I'm editing and so I don't get
distracted while I'm editing - serves
two purposes and then I have kind of
in-ear wireless headphones that are just
more for like if I'm mowing the lawn or
something you know yeah we're out in a
bike ride oh you prick I hate those
little robots mm-hmm is the patch just
gonna take those robots out of the early
levels no I think it's it's gonna I
think it's gonna buff your hell and uh I
don't know what its gonna do these these
this first like this first stage is a
killer though is and I like I I will
have to say like it actually smooths out
a lot after this it's just a really
rough first stage like I almost I almost
felt the other stuff yesterday shoes
were easy but I mean I also had a lot of
cool power-ups I got the coolest machine
gun powerup that I didn't get any of
these runs which is a your bullets turn
into little missiles that explode that
was great
to see the latest fly oh did I see the
latest slash yeah yes I saw the flash it
was revealed who saboteurs and wow that
was the the lamest the lamest ever I
don't know if anyone cares about
spoilers I know rich doesn't for flash
but if you care about spoilers for the
CW flash show stop watching now I'll
wave my hands again when when I'm done
talking about spoilers but so the main
villain this season has been Savitt are
who calls himself the god of speed whoa
whoa whoa you're my map yeah and he's
from the future and he seems to know a
lot about the flash and his god I keep
going hit the secondary and I hit your
your stupid map button Jack bull what
Zoo secondary is just right click man
what are you my mouse my finger was
naturally lying too close to that guy um
and so then it was a big who who is it
who's the bad guy he's from the future
but he knows flash who is it is it going
to be his turn I'm gonna turn out to be
Kid Flash and he took his training too
far and turned to the bad side is it
gonna be like someone who disappeared
two seasons ago and and finally came
back for revenge
right who's who's avatar gonna be and
you know who it is rich it's Barry Allen
from the future oh but not like a recent
future like a farther away future and so
this season we've actually seen Barry
from four different timelines and it's
super lame do you not have escaped bound
anything oh my god oh yeah the the
little button on top yeah we're starting
on Supergirl
so anyway we're done with spoilers now
so so I thought I finally saw the flat
yeah the reveal of saffat are and it's
super lame ah yeah yeah what are you
gonna do
but you know still still good and
everybody's charming and and it's still
a goofy fun show that was weird
usually usually enemies are like in that
first hallway but uh yeah got up on that
caught up on arrow caught up on
Supergirl
took some time caught up on my stories
oh man long hair emo Barry was the worst
Barry ran into the future to talk to his
future self to try to figure out who
sabotage
in the future Barry was really depressed
and so they pulled us they went full
spider-man free and gave him just like
black emo hair to show that he was sad
it was Oh
like it was the worst ah my my love for
teenage drama shows are not erotic
dreamer TK am i you know my kids might
like some of them I don't know I don't
know if it'll deter them or not they
might think of them as like stupid dad
shows but it'll be fine
I don't really get this game just from
watching the last few well but like so
King Tut says why did you restart I
don't really get this game just from
watching the last advance start so the
you know the help is not plentiful
health is not plentiful it's a roguelike
which means you only have one life to
make it all the way to the end and I'm
not used to Jack's Mouse you put you I'm
not your mouse right there I might
switch it up so if you just kind of
start with a shit run and you're really
low on health on this first day yeah I'm
going to switch it up yeah so good
effort if you're really low in health on
the first stage sometimes the best
option is just to say fuck it and start
over and this is what a lot of the game
is is just kind of figuring out the flow
and the rhythm that's any roguelike we
have a bad first sector in FTL right
right it's like having a bad a bad first
sector and anything or you know you play
Isaac and you get some shit items in the
first couple of rooms and you're you're
on half a heart and you just say fuck it
we're starting over we're rolling we're
rolling the dice so we have
so it's a roguelike you will be playing
this area a whole bunch just to get the
flow of the game which is super
important what it was oh I don't know if
we have one maybe I'm not using this
you're known shown my Chuck but my Chuck
Chuck so you know the gait of the game
is a roguelike which means one of the
random elements of the game so you've
probably noticed with a lot of me
playing you can tell a lot of the rooms
are the same and so they have these
similar rooms in in different locations
in the map enemy placement is random
pickups are random power-ups are random
health is random and wroom wroom lay a
room layout is the same but room
arrangement is different if that makes
any sense so like you'll see like room
ABCD and then you'll see room cbda that
sort of thing and then also like you
know there are shops which have random
items and and that type of thing so it's
it's not like full dice roll but it's
different it's different every time you
play it yeah
Orchard thief says I lost enough weight
to cross my leg as like Jack does now
I'm proud of that we all got to be proud
of something
so so far I'm really liking it it like
we've discussed already it's it's more
roguelike than quake like what happened
there uh one of those guys fell aren't
exploding barrel I took a lot of damage
right out of the fucking gate purple
purple storoe says rich and Jackie I saw
this thingy on Twitter that you might be
guests on the super best friends podcast
soon is this true that makes me
extremely happy we someone mentioned to
super best friends that they would like
me and rich on the show and super best
friends said that they would love to do
that so we've been talking on Twitter a
little back and forth me and super best
friends why are sucks so much why do I
suck so much Jack that's that is only as
a question you can you only you can
answer so we're waiting to that is so
basically super best friend said that
yes they would love to have rich and I
on the show and I've been in contact
with them we haven't figured out a date
and like also I don't really know who
the super best friends are and so I was
evil rapper right no yeah are they one
of them is evil Raptor super best
friends is that was that him I been
wrong before but I'm pretty sure is oh
that would be neat that's not the one I
was talking to on Twitter so that would
be great
of you know so they do like a regular
podcast or whatnot so I just said hey
well what do you guys talk about do you
want rich I have to talk about something
specific or is it you just want us to
jibber so like they just River okay
great
oh they're saying it's not eager after
egoraptor is game grumps oh oh I think
you're talking about game grumps super
best friend oh okay okay
do you know whose is super best friends
are I don't know who a lot of people are
Jack Graydon I just know that egoraptor
is on the game grumps I don't ah I don't
know much I don't know much
gay game grandma I've heard of I've
heard of them both him no game not
terribly familiar with either game
grumps is the egoraptor and the jontron
and super best friends is I don't know
uh we're gonna be on the show well well
yeah they seem to Liz seem like nice
dude I don't know why you know what my
policy is rich I will talk to anyone any
time and they asked for you to come
along to sighs yeah sure I'll bring rich
you know you got Mike rich do it movie
fine um so we're just working out
scheduling now but yes hopefully
sometime in the future we'll be on the
super best friends podcast cast which
will be fun as we enjoy talking to
people well like I said I enjoy talking
to people and rich will be there too I
hate all of humanity I know I know you
do rich but sometimes I force you to do
things that I think are good for us to
do and sometimes you come along with me
and I'm better to do good John John is
he not on game grumps anymore I don't
fuckin know his game grumps still a
thing I listen I don't know I don't want
i don't watch many of those types of
shows so or any of those types of shows
to be honest so i remember when they
started a while back because i I watched
both you know egoraptor did his
animations and his sequel itis --is and
jontron did funny video game videos
and then they said hey we're doing a
show together and I watched a couple
episodes and I thought it was vine Joe
but I didn't have time to keep watching
so oh yeah those little those little
best guaranteed damage strafe you got a
strafe you got a straight for it you got
strafe harder um so that's all I know
about the game grumps but you guys seem
to think that these super best friends
are cool dudes so I'm excited about the
super best friends let's see here Misha
cuts 1979 says hey guys love the channel
looking for some good books to read this
summer any all-time favorite novels or
books series that you guys would
recommend well if you haven't read the
expanse the expanse is supposed to be
the greatest I have not read it I've
been watching the show which i think is
fantastic
and the thing about the show is like the
actors aren't always great and the
characters are kind of stock archetypes
but the story is so engaging and the the
sci-fi is so strong like the universe is
so strong everything feels like it
belongs it's a great show and I hear
that the books are fantastic yeah
praise that Sun bro either of you seen
HBO's west-world
what's an HBO home box office stands for
olive and Netflix it stands for home box
office it's actually a Netflix
competitor at the moment oh no I don't
get your shit together I guess they'd
probably be streaming though right if
you've subscribed to their YouTube or
their their their online yeah that's
actually they have a whole thing
separate from a cable subscription
called HBO GO okay where you can watch
all their shows and they have movies and
whatnot that's what we have we have HBO
GO you know why we have HBO GO so we can
watch motherfucking West world's which
is a great show
very happy for you Oh rich it's so
fantastic not very happy for you because
I am sucking yeah you know what you got
to find your flow rich you got to find
your flow West world's great west world
is great good good sci-fi right there
real good sci-fi speaking of really good
side five
but yeah I'm really into it I'm looking
forward to season two I loved you know
it's Westworld the premise is this you
know park full of humanoid robots that
start to glitch out woohoo and oh my god
weird things happen with implanted
memories and you know who's the real
months who's the real robots and monster
and she's human oh it's great
level one I'm literally half dead no no
you have a hundred yo you are you
looking at yeah you have to but you did
hey you made it through rich that's all
that matters you made it through half
fucking dead yeah a lot of videogame
things themes in in West world a lot
it's very like you know they always talk
about like the player and and you know
making sure not to break the the reality
of the world but then you know with this
idea of of all the robots having this
artificial intelligence and when does
artificial intelligence become actual
intelligence a person like when does a
fake person become a person right does
it deal with these things better than
Blade Runner did which is just have
Harrison Ford mope around for two hours
here's what I will say even as a fan of
Blade Runner a hundred times yes Oh West
world deals with them a hundred times
better Oh where's that thing ah ruin my
fucking day why are these in the game to
make you be careful rich to make you be
careful Walt's hisin beard says hey guys
wanna thank rich for recommending narcos
and Jack for Black Mirror though the
latter messed me up good also better
call Saul and Fargo are great so goodbye
time you know like you said didn't
wasn't like Mike tweeting something
about like all the rotten tomato scores
for like TV is so much better
for something like that yeah tea we're
doing and you know what to me for
everything like entertainment we are
going through a Renaissance of
entertainment Oh bouncy balls whoo
that's fun we are going through a
goddamn Golden Age of entertainment I
need to plug the laptop I will not
I felt I felt
I fell into a hole and I'm now I'm gonna
die cuz I fell into a hole this is this
low ass rate of fire can I I want this
upgrade I would have returned it nope I
said you got you gotta you got to be
more careful I gotta take your time I
don't know what the upgrades are there's
no being careful just now like you can't
you can't just go rushing and you got a
beta mount to you kind of you got to
bait him you're the master at baiting
Jack there we go
I got an upgrade that made my gun suck
how was that an upgrade well it would be
great if you know rich any with any
roguelike you have to find your flow and
that means dying a whole hell of a lot
so just just find it find it
anonymous says Bayonetta is the best
video game ever made about a drag queen
no you just can't handle her sense of
style man right and just as a womanly
woman just because a Biddy like to dress
all fabulous doesn't mean she ain't no
man Biddy is she she's just she don't
have you know what what you know what it
is what she doesn't dress for you
damn that's right she dresses for her
and maybe you can't handle that maybe
you can't handle a powerful woman just
wanting to feel powerful and sexy but
she is and she ain't doing it for no man
I said one of my favorite things about
Bayonetta is the character oh yeah that
no that is just straight-up my favorite
thing about Bayonetta do you think
people are more critical of movies
because they pay more for them ah no no
I don't know I think movies have always
had critics the people are more critical
of movies because they are a single
encapsulated experience one movie is one
experience and so you can be critical of
this one thing whereas if you look at
comic books if you look at TV shows they
are four pound comic books are a lot
more expensive than movies that's not
where I was going
I'm sure sure good wow just a movie like
in the middle of a thought rich there
was a quick interjection come your tits
they're not coverage they're flopping uh
it's it's different criticizing an
ongoing story and ongoing production
than one single encapsulated thing like
a movie is so you know with a TV show
it has 12 episodes to take you on a
journey and even if one episode isn't
that good the rest of the episodes can
bring it up whereas a movie just got one
movie so there are different things
where do you think we are yeah I'm
really like and I know rich is having
some issues with it but he also hasn't
had much time apparently the steam
reviews for this game are not kind bill
bud I'm not hating it yeah look I'm
using Jack's equipment here and then I'm
off from a game and insert excuse number
75 Lego some blue guy chat has since I'm
replaying one of their games what do you
think of telltale games like story based
games even ones that expand existing
franchises but the choices never seem to
have much consequences that's the
problem right there look if the choices
had much consequences I'd be fine with
telltale games as it is they're in the
category of just make a fucking movie or
a cartoon or whatever the fuck it is I
don't know why anyone else oh I don't
know why any would be interested right
right
yeah I've never I've never understood
the I've never understood the the love
for telltale games first like just make
make like a emotion comic or well you
got that was to work past it work past
it that wasn't that wasn't work past
territory
you kind of work past it you'll be fine
rich pre-ordered vanquish I will
pre-order vanquish as soon as I get home
I have not pre-ordered vanquish but I
have up until it comes out in order to
get the bonus because I also have
Bayonetta they if you didn't hear if you
preorder vanquish and have Bayonetta in
your Steam library you get a 25%
discount which is pretty fucking good I
know telltale games aren't a motion
comic what I'm saying is they are a
motion comic what are you talking about
what I'm saying is if your game doesn't
have many game elements maybe you should
just make a motion comic they all what's
the diff what's the difference if in a
telltale game and a motion comic the
illusion of choice so there's no
difference other than the pretend one
there's a pretend difference between
these two things right
when is the next rlm video you Schmucks
they just came out with one a really
great one we're rich auditions to be in
Blade Runner her that I that I really
into it
I was I was into their walking dead
until I realized that Oh none of these
choices are mattering right and then
well what what the who cares for the
farm what am i doing
yeah yep
Pizza train is saying I bought the
Guardian or Game of Thrones telltale
will never buy another one
motion comic or visual novel sure like I
and you know if you want to call it a
visual novel just call it that the the
problem I have with it is that they
tried to they try to pretend it like it
has gameplay tip them they have to read
your question no dreamers okay we don't
have to read your question if you tip us
we we will see it sometimes I don't say
all the things you see you yeah I've
refused to read things before yeah not
often
the almost never but I I'm never ever no
obligations to read what you tip the
master says what's wrong with playing
them if you enjoy the story in writing
nothing but if I you them enjoy them I'm
gonna criticize them that doesn't mean
you have to not like them if you like it
that's great it's it really it's really
great when you find something you enjoy
rich and I are trying to explain why we
don't necessarily enjoy them but if you
enjoy that's great I wish you nothing
but the best in all of your endeavors to
find things you enjoy
but you love the Phoenix Wright games
which are basically visual novels I'm
wishing there was more logic puzzle
going on in the Phoenix right to be
honest if you notice we often complain
about that with Phoenix Wright and say
man this would be a great thing if we
could figure it out ourselves there's
there unfortunately there's not a lot of
of I thought there would be a lot more
puzzle I did just yeah to Phoenix right
we like playing them because we get to
do goofy voices and that seems to
entertain y'all and it entertains us at
least it does and it entertains me when
Rich says oh ho ho oh ho yo hello
he was asking how do you how do you guys
pick Oh how do we pick games we review
uh we we there's no science to it we
just figure it out you know I mean think
about this Anna right and you know
sometimes it's like well here's here's
the big game and a lot of people are
going to be talking about it and maybe
we want to talk about it like Dynamics
Health is a large drop you know like
with Zelda it's always like you know
Zelda's the new one and then we'll get
to you know talk about the switch in
general bayonetta actually that one just
came about because we streamed in and
all of a sudden like rich starts
streaming it and says you know what
maybe we should talk about this game
originally we were not going to do
Bayonetta until until we streamed it and
then we said hey this might have some
minute we're trying to figure out what
we're doing next
obviously vanquish is going to be on
there only because rich has made a very
big deal of wanting vanquish on the PC
so we've got to talk about it now that
it's on the PC we're debating whether or
not we want to talk about this hotly
anticipated game rich is a big fan of
classic doom and quake you've talked
about that a lot
mhm I'm a big fan of roguelikes this is
in both of our wheel houses but we've we
felt like we've talked with the
developer of this game and we backed it
on Kickstarter so which I don't think
really matter no I want my cloud our
judgment at all so
really
yep you hit the ceiling you can't
presume there's some Splash Damage for
fuck's sake
ah rich you have played brutal legend do
you want to talk about brutal legend oh
yeah I could how much you're supposed to
talk about it when I'm playing strength
okay it's missing a third act it needs a
third act
it doesn't feel finished it's fine I
like characters I like the music so
closest I've come to like in a real time
strategy game it is a real time strategy
game right yeah you've said that kind of
a hybrid platform real time strategy
game where I need to go what am I
missing
there's nothing up here yep what's down
here so yeah we're still trying to
figure out what we want to do next I'm
currently editing a first four hours of
that I'm very excited to get out to you
guys we played off we played a hot new
release filthy liar what I'm giving them
the tips but uh oh by the way and this
is completely that this has nothing to
do with games that we review but did
everyone see the news that how po games
is working on risk of rain - right uh
early tests show that you know it might
be very similar to risk of rain but in
but a third person game in 3d
alright similar to risk of rain but in
3d so very exciting really for no other
reason then we get another fantastic
Chris Chris to do Lu soundtrack out
they got the whole gang back together
and fair I'm pretty excited about that
just because usually I like the games
that they make and like I said we get
another Chris Chris to do Lu soundtrack
you got a we got a first four hours
coming up hopefully I can get that out
this week I should be able to I should
be able to let's see here speaking of
great TV have either of you seen the
wire never heard it mentioned on the
stream it's one of my favorite TV shows
of all time rich no yeah neither of I'm
sorry I have I have nothing else to add
some blue guy in chat says one of my
favorite moments from West world is in
Episode two when a main character asks a
pre park attendant are you real and the
attendant responds with if you can't
tell does it really matter can I say
that's why Decker in Blade Runner it
should be ambiguous rather than he's
definitely a replicant yeah okay which
is why that's why I prefer the ending
with no voiceover because it leaves it
more ambiguous
yes point but uh yeah what's role the
fantastic west world is just a fantastic
show
let's see here Daniel from SL says one
cannot simply watch your stream one has
to donate and ask permission to view the
jack and rich or keep your eyes closed
writing this with eyes closed was hard
do I have permission to watch the fuck
is wrong with you right I don't know I
had sometimes I don't get the things you
guys weird S&M; shit aren't you yeah I'm
not I'm not engaging I'm not engaging in
your in your sadomasochism
Greg nation says Jack and rich I have a
book recommendation for you guys it's
called old man's war by John Scalzi it's
about old people getting their youth
back to fight wars in space okay it's
just like Helldivers ah alright alright
that then it's called the old man's war
great thanks for their commendation
thanks for the recommendations
gonna be a scrap machine I missed around
here right there often is this crap
machine is it up there zip
well looks like you've been up here so I
mean it's possible that there's not as
crabs you probably ran across it early
and forgot about it oh sure sure
when you're in a safe space press tab
for map and Z more inventory and queue
to use item hola
wait don't on item use item as they'll
is the little trigger what item I trying
to use let me try to use it I don't know
that's what they just said here Ola so
easy wants its press tab oh yeah go to
your map
I have things rebound it's probably not
know then fucka I don't think even think
you have an item go to your items I'm
just gonna curious why my rebinding for
inventory isn't working
inventory okay you have to hold it I'll
ring up oh you don't have any items rich
doesn't have any I just wonder when the
button was working great now why do I go
for that egress for the egress uh
hunchback Jax's hey rich and Jack what
do you think of Mad Max the game I know
you probably downstream a bunch but
would you hear but would like to hear an
impromptu review sure I can understand
where you would find plenty of faults
and yes if it weren't for the license I
don't know that I would like it near as
much in all honesty if it was called
like like dirt man dirt man adventures
yeah I'm gonna be honest about that then
you drive around and it's a it's a
Batman combat right yeah and I know
you've complained about its
cookie-cutter level design often you run
into the same shit over the same shit
yeah shit no I don't know where to get
to them I'll go to your ma'am what's
that show me oh I guess nothing I guess
nothing dirt man dusty road yep that was
it's working title
fuck
fuck zoom out the stupid map no I don't
believe we can but I think all the
enemies should be dead right so it
should be you should be okay to walk her
home all the enemies are dead I think
right
oh they're saying another tip used mouse
wheel to zoom in and out of map hey oh
there is the red oh no no that's a Rona
but uh the white you see the white that
goes nowhere and that's how you map head
towards the red bag head towards the red
what is the red the red is a red room
where bad guys came from oh my god oh my
god oh my god look this is a clever way
to do your map obviously it's not that
functional where am i well you can look
up every once in a while rich
that way
there you go there you go
another down
that is hoovy you made it out of 101
rich I've done this before at home jack
chaotic cheap um
fury road is an amazing movie I don't
know if it is overrated because everyone
praises it and it should be praised yeah
so it's just a fantastic it's hard for
me to call it overrated it might be my
favorite movie of all time that's the
thing if something is that good and
everyone says it's that good then it's
not overrated if it's your favorite
all-time of something it might be
impossible to be overrated bad guys are
coming
exactly old Chris says it just as the
fury road is rated just right it's rated
it's rated wonderfully because it's
wonderful
sure surely troll says hey Jack and Rich
what happened to your old backdrop with
the pixelated video game characters it
sucked
we did we didn't like him anymore
we wanted to move to a three camera
setup every every time we wanted a film
we had to break the entire goddamn set
down move it pack it up and get it out
of the way was a pain in the ass yep
ugly I thought it looked fine yeah I
could see all in the false privates
because I made it good right I thought
it looked fine but it was a late
Rockettes this is that upgrade you were
talking about that was sweet yeah I
think you get Rockettes now as your alts
fire I'll tire yeah
this is different there's a different
upgrade for your for your bullets that
if you hold down your trigger your
bullets fly and then as soon as you let
go of the trigger all your bullets
explode it's it was it's what made my
good run good this is your alt fire
instead of having a grenade launcher it
has rockets but you know the other
problem the backdrops is we wanted to
move to a three camera setup which makes
editing a lot easier for me and makes
the episodes flow a little smoother
there were reasons multiple rightand and
we didn't have a third backdrop and we
had no way to incorporate our two
backdrops with a third bat yeah there
were many there's probably a guy right
above it
that
our mobile said beeping again it was a
special door from guy no it's one of
your thing it's a scrap converter
somewhere to convert it to money no no
to give you like an armor or bullets so
somewhere back there just crap converter
exactly shot reverse shots - nerds
sitting on a couch but so now you know
and the couch is a lot easier it also
like it sounds so much better filming
here in the library where before that
added before fixing our sound and also
editing the sound of each episode added
three four hours to my edit time no joke
ah fuck horseshit
so the sound in here is much better and
I no longer have to take that time
fixing the sound many many reasons why
we we moved from the old back up we're
still trying to find something to make
it a little more video game II in here
but all of our ideas nothing ever
happens with our ideas we don't know how
to display them properly and we haven't
quite figured out how to make how to
make our ideas a reality but the library
of offal films yes
this game is brutal huh
it is you didn't pick up that power up
that red thing over they go they go this
game is brutal rich which is what makes
it very satisfying when you do well
Oh
you know what maybe if you play the
video game truck wait where did you come
from probably up top if you play the
video game maybe you can like maybe
there's some sort of options in the
video game where they'll tell you what
the controls are any plans for a review
of babe considering of how much rich
loves it not currently in the worst
dress up your family and friends as
video game characters and force them to
stand in the background
probably not that but we'll do we'll do
something we'll figure something out to
make it a little more videogame II yeah
this game really need monster closets
yep yep it did
someone's still hanging around
it's show enough did rich so jack is
your switch sitting in a closet no
actually my switch is off to Nintendo
for repairs oh really
yeah I was wrong I didn't I tell you
about it I lost my controllers lost
connectivity oh yeah you're talking
about that just one day out of the blue
as I as I got Mario Kart 8 for some
reason my switch no longer recognized my
pro controller or or my joy cons and I
could not get them to connect for the
life of me for more than three seconds
like a joy Khan would connect and then
half a second later immediately
disconnect and the same with my pro
controller so I I got to send it ya know
ya know press this key yeah you see how
weird that is escape just nothing okay
and let's here wait hold on hold on let
me let me grab the keyboard here real
quick all right now you don't touch
anything
this is where WASD doesn't do anything
whoa wait wait step up
oh because the batteries fell out of
this ah none of the buttons are doing
what they should do huh nothing is
making me strafe I'm trying I know this
that's what that was my problem hold on
let me I'm gonna put the kid the
batteries in this keyboard and we're
going to try it oh fuck
we're gonna try using the keyboard don't
go through that door no I okay now
please don't touch anything
yeah that turns to hold on shift
left shift control trying to remember
what it was in Wolfenstein
it's insane if there's not a button you
hit it's not you can't start you quit
strife and Wolfenstein chat I fuckin
played Wolfenstein when it came out it
was the best best fucking birthday
present I ever got
it's not the arrow keys either I hadn't
heard of it before my dad just gives me
this game it's Wolfenstein 3d I'm like
oh my god I'm the guy shooting the
people it's me Jack yeah alts does not
work for strafing Levin should i blew my
little brain yeah nothing nothing's
través you never strafe them well
that's cuz you sucked at Wolfenstein
that's why you never strafed in
Wolfenstein what do you do you ran out
of time don't hit B thing don't if you
think don't do anything don't do
anything I'm sorry Richard did you want
to figure it out because you wouldn't be
able to shoot anyone did we figure it
out huh huh you got to play Wolfenstein
this is this good for you Jane you'll
get to play it again they come up all
the time fucking prick I'm did you want
to figure it out I wanted to figure it
out I wanted to play Wolfenstein well
Wadden you know what
too fucking bad
always a holic done one food one oh god
wait is there another food in there no
no there wasn't
oh oh you might need that head now
that's fine
I know I loved beautiful Joe they were
asking if we love any other platinum
games like Metal Gear Rising beautiful
Joe or Devil May Cry I think we talking
about Devil May Cry last time and
neither of us had really played it yeah
I just never played much mm I cry but I
loved beautiful Joe man that what that
what a great game yeah feel feel was fun
today were do a HD remake of that that
came out as a Capcom game
I don't know it was platinum a thing yet
I don't know I don't know cuz if that if
that's on PC I'd buy the shit out of
that sama GameCube you could emulate
that I have a Gamecube also I could just
get the Gamecube you know you could get
you know what you get a game G emulator
and then you could put your beautiful
Joe disc and your computer and you're
not pirating anything yeah but I just
haven't even make a copy of your own
beautiful Joe disc and you're not
pirating anything but I have a Gamecube
already I there's no need for any sort
of piracy I could just buy the game and
play it on the Gamecube that I already
have you want to have a hassle of
hooking up a Gamecube it's already
hooked up why huh because I was playing
Wind Waker and my GameCube also has the
Game Boy Advance attachment so I can
play all of my Game Boy Color and Game
Boy Advance games on television rich so
that's how I was playing Oracle of
Seasons and yes I still plan on on
playing the the Zelda games on stream
but strafe came out we we didn't know
strafe was coming out so we needed to
place grave
that was gonna be my plan for today was
for me to bring in some Zelda games like
Oracle of Seasons and Wind Waker but we
were playing straight I said that sounds
horrible to play them on the TV what
it's great horrible to play which in the
TV Game Boy Advance and y know it's
great playing on the TV and playing on
some stupid tiny screen that's better
you could do the both was it more
authentic and you do both well there's
one of the greatest things the Gamecube
ever made is a little attachment that
stuck on the bottom of the GameCube to
plug Gameboy Advance games in and you
could play Game Boy Color and original
Game Boy games on it it was it was
fantastic it's the greatest piece of
technology at the time killed by kill by
God God Wow spilled 552 oh sorry that's
alright I'll stream the original Wind
Waker cuz I had I still have it I found
my copy of the original Wind Waker and
even though I would love I have the HD
one right like I have it oh yeah there
there's a lot of there's a lot of
logistical reasons why for me it's just
way easier to play my GameCube in my
office
fuck this if you don't if you don't
shoot the corpse the guys don't come in
oh yeah
shooting the core so like if you want to
like that make sense like sighs first
then shoot the corpse
I too I have that too in playing the
Gameboy Metroid games on my TV was great
oh it was the greatest piece of
technology ever ah Jesus Christ I'm so
sorry I'm so sorry do you want to like I
do want to try the other gun or
shotgunners
all those headshots huh huh oh that's
great
you have known you got it you got a nice
little a nice little area there to kind
of you know they line up right in front
of you you can back up have a little
breathing room that's what it's all
about it's just finding your your little
your little shooting gallery areas so
then if you get another health pack at
full health and full health that's
themed I'm not gonna make it there at
full health because I'm terrible right
but if you do get one then you then you
get bonus help yes
nice okay I had one last round actually
oh did you I wasn't paying attention
see look that I'm one hip littles half
my shields on one head to be fair it's
one hand you went up the stairs and
didn't look around well you know you hit
you have to be a little more cautious
you have to look around more you have
you know you came to that room and
didn't look behind you who knows if
there's anything behind you at what
point is it just kind of a questionable
I'm not I'm not terrible at least a
questionable design decision at what
point but for what the the emphasis on
not having fast paced action it I think
it is fat I understand the negative
reviews this is got night I fully
understand I I understand them too when
it comes to people's perception but it's
still fast-paced action you just have to
deal with it slowly
that doesn't make that doesn't it just
makes any sense Jack yeah I'm with you
rich I'm with you
I do think a little bit of it is though
just straight up getting good that's
every game oh yeah except for his all
the games
I thought made you actually when we
started I didn't know that that you
could go in weaponless and take the
wrench off of the dead crewman that was
that my first run tonight was a
weaponless run made it to that made it
to area one too which is pretty excited
for my first weaponless run
if you upgraded to obs 18 it now has
audio compression filter built-in it
works great
we auto-update yeah so we're at 18 point
0.1 we haven't messed with any of the
audio compression but if it's built in
we will look we will look into that
barrels are not your friend rich no
they're not Jack barrels are not know or
not you and you know what they're so
tempting because you know like Elias it
won't cost me any bullets I'll throw
this barrel up is so nice and they're
never your friend I don't like the one
gun upgrade I got felt more like a
downgrade no uh-huh I thought I was
gonna say more but then I just I just
didn't I don't like to me all of all of
your complaints are very rational except
for that it's a roguelike and that's
kind of just what rogue likes are is
sometimes you'll get a powerup that I
didn't go in that room and fight in that
room look at me I'm treating corridor
shoot Thanks yeah uh-huh
you know you just chase me in here I
really yep well I don't obsessive that
we talked about that a little bit at the
beginning which is yeah the the
roguelike elements might not mesh well
with an old-school fast-paced action
shooter where like what like what you're
seeing rich do now he's going to go back
into the hallway probably and lead them
all down the hallway again and that's a
little cheap but it works they line up
you can get his head shots so for that
guy am and I'll tell you this I do this
a lot like and I've gotten a lot farther
in the game and you just keep doing that
you keep finding your spots to funnel
the bad guys like the spots that you
know are safe and you have some room to
back up and you have some room to
maneuver and you do that a lot and that
does clash with the doom quake mentality
it really does there's that there's a
box up there yeah with the power or with
a thing
I haven't noticed much of a benefit from
those yeah uh yeah I don't know they do
I'll be honest with you I don't know
what they do
also that tower of guns games are what
yeah the tower of guns was pretty
similar like Tiger guns got old after a
while I I like shooting these enemies
more than I liked shooting the enemies
and tower of guns is what I'll say
saying you're saying they're stuffed
criticized and I understand the mixed
reviews sure sure uh I think difficulty
levels would have alleviated a lot of
the issues way lower difficulty with
that swipe that took off like half of my
shield mmm no it does like you know 10%
damage to my shields no if you if you
make it too easy the difficulty levels
if you make it you kick it up when you
get good at one difficulty level if you
make it too easy a lot of players we're
not right I'll making it too easy we're
talking about making it easy or there's
a difference
yeah I don't know like I could I could I
could agree that there are some balance
issues that hopefully they will address
but I think it's that overall I think
it's finding at the beginning of the
game you choose whether you want a
standard rifle
next time I'll switch up a shotgun or a
rail gun and you know as you play you
actually can pick up different weapons
they don't last very long you can't pick
up new ammo for any new weapons but you
do get to pick up new weapons but your
main weapon at the start is either a
rifle a shotgun or a rail gun and I
don't know why you would ever want the
rail gun it works actually shockingly
well it keeps you can keep everyone at a
distance at one shot kills a lot of
enemies and you can do fairly well with
a rail gun and one of the upgrades for
the rail guns turns it into a buzzsaw
launcher which can slice through
multiple enemies which turns it insanely
powerful in sanely powerful is there a
game genres that has yet to get the
roguelike treatment but there's enough
in there hundred ten onein look neat
is there a genre that has yet to get the
rogue-like treatment this was it this is
why I wanted to see this I'm sure
there's a bunch of genres Oh what about
a racing game a racing game where every
racetrack is is new every time you play
I'm throwing that out there as a genre
that hasn't gotten the roguelike
treatment how do you balance that with
difficulty in roguelike roguelikes
difficult and permadeath look like a
racing game I'm not saying it's a good
idea well so you have to win the Cup or
whatever right you have to win the
racing Cup but every time you play a new
track is different it's been done I'm
not again I'm not saying that's a good
idea I'm naming the genre that might not
have a roguelike element
what Bed Head
oh yeah what about a real-time strategy
what about a real-time strategy or or
how about this rich a telltale game
that's also a roguelike if you don't
drive the story in the right direction
it's a new story every time
if X 0 has randomly generated tracks is
that true twitchplayspokemon that'd be
dope
I remember fxz are being good oh that
would be work and telltale doesn't do
that
I listen I'm not saying my ideas are
good I'm just trying to spit ball trying
to spit ball ideas here
you got to get a story heavy tell-tale
game but if you make the wrong choices
your character can die like there are
life and death choices that you have to
make right they'd never do that and if
your character dies its reincarnated
into a new person that has an entirely
new story
hey this fucking place
yep
Sim City Rome like oh yeah like a city
management roguelike
oh but Jack but doom what you want m1
this is the opening area of doom oh okay
I don't know that it means you wouldn't
be pleadian you fucking Philistine uh
sure that's cuz you're a Philistine
there's murder huh
a fella Stein doesn't know what a
Philistine is did you get this
impression of the game when you play the
demo well know that remember the demo
was one level that never changed it was
it was almost a speedrunning level the
demo didn't have limited ammo did it oh
I don't remember actually unlimited ammo
hmm I remember the secondary being more
useful and requiring what I don't
remember having issues using this like
this I almost never have enough animal
on my clip to use the secondary sure
yeah so like the the demo of this game
was very different than than this only
because it was just one level but now
we're getting a real idea of the
difficulty and the random aspects to it
look I don't hate this I'm criticizing
and I think I'm criticizing it fairly
but
I was holding the rocket launch I picked
up the rocket launcher in an auto never
auto switch into a rocket launcher any
game ever ever
sure no just listen
just was you watching I was zoning for a
moment just Zone in formalin so I think
that that gives your alt turns your alt
into a laser so if you hold down your
alternate fire it turns it into it you
have to hold it down until it shoots
right I won't necessarily want to do
that right now oh right right but it
turns into a long distance basically a
sniper
if someone following you know
IBG be live uh we're not saying that
strafe is shit in fact I'm saying I
enjoy it yeah rich has some has some
criticisms of it but I don't think he
even richer saying it that it shit no
right so I think this game needs
tweaking I don't think it needs to be
scrapped that's the difference
mm-hmm
really nope yep
I opened this team and receive the great
news then I saw your Twitter feed yes Oh
monster cause it got me now I'm dead
this game should not have fucking
monster closets ever I think they're
fine they're fine
it pumps up the excitement man pumps it
right up pumps up the frustration until
you get it you'll get into that flow
yeah I give the railgun a try give the
railgun a try no I'm not growing a
mustache
one Lisa would hate that if I had a
mustache Lisa would hate it she barely
put up with the beard no didn't been
like that and like losing most of my
health one of those little robots yeah
all right
and no I'm I'm very happy with no facial
hair I
I'm an umma no facial hair kind of guy
look
alright can this thing be accurate it
can be at the longer distance you go the
more can veer budded it can be
like the ID to me the monster closets
you know they can work it would like
especially there there are some parts of
the games where you need to like go to
an area to retrieve a key now this is a
group ahead of us behind you you don't
know about in a game were losing every
bit of health matters yeah yeah you have
to be careful you can't be careful about
a moderate monster clause that they
happen and you don't know they're there
they're by nature their surprises oh I
identify a know it's like do you think
the developer is happy with the current
state of the game if not why keep it why
not keep it in early access longer well
you know you have from what we know
about releasing games sometimes you have
a date you know you and you have to you
have a date you release it I still don't
know this is terrible by the way uh I
five far less time in this game than
Jack does you have one and Jack seems to
be getting along with it okay yeah yeah
yeah all it takes is time well you'll
find the flow as a Kickstarter backer I
we I received an update today about the
game that said that they were already
working on a patch one to smooth out the
difficulty of this first zone you can do
a quick restart instead of a yeah yeah
what's right jacking huh try to show it
so they're already working on a patch to
smooth out the difficulty of this first
level and to fix some bugs I know I was
experiencing a ton of glitches later on
in the game as I got to the the second
and third zone what that's a one shot
point blank didn't even kill the corpse
that took two shots jack yeah why did
that take two shots
that's a great question rich oh well I'm
already fucked I'm already fucked why am
I gonna do this are they killing each
other it might be nice so the developers
working on patch III had a ton of
glitches later on in the game bullets
like I'd shoot my gun and bullets were
just hang in the air obviously we had
that weird thing earlier where we we
started dropping frames like nobody's
business so they're working on it
they're working on it now you know why
not hold it for longer sometimes you
don't know what the problem is until
it's in more people's hands and the best
way to get it in more people's hands is
to release it whether or not they're
happy with their final product that's up
to them I don't know but sometimes you
just gotta say fuck it we'll release it
oh my god what's the up oh Jesus Christ
we've been streaming for weevil that's
right we started early you should we've
been starting later usually I know we
started early we've been we've been
playing for a while
ah let's see Anonymous has rich in Jack
gremlins 2 is silly as fuck yeah
assuming this my some people like it and
some people don't like it yeah yeah
assuming you like it as much as J which
is a strike don't since it's Jason I
don't hate it but I don't like it
numerous much as J does I mean yeah it's
fun it's a fun movie yeah I don't like
it as much as gremlins
I like gremlins more yeah uh what is
your favorite gremlin from gremlin to
brain gremlin yeah is good yeah you know
I I don't even know all the guy you know
what I'll say I'll say just because it's
the most disturbing a sexy lady gremlin
yeah that's the weirdest one that's the
weird
fighter gremlin bat gremlin vegetable
gremlin and you think lady gremlin just
a gremlin that's a female is the
weirdest one big only because they made
her sexualized don't you think that's
the strangest thing gave her the big
lips so women are only okay when they're
not sexual I'm trying to understand I'm
trying to understand where you're coming
from
oh no it's not it's not that a woman is
sexual it's that a gremlin is sexual I'm
not judging I feel like you are rich I
feel like you're judging me not wanting
a sexual over-sexualized gremlin you
think it's weird to not want it over
sexuality screaming why do you think
that Jack wait wait what you're playing
some mind games on me now right wait a
minute
bgb live says I'm sure you were asked
this of bill Julian times a bill jillion
times but will you be playing pray I
like I would not it's too late it's too
much shit my goddamn plate I'm sorry
we're we're a really time to play
everything we're at a really good point
in games right now where we have we have
a good amount of games that we're
playing at the moment ah I really liked
it but you guys could go either way it's
a brutal difficulty survival horror
first-person Oh God Final Four I didn't
get survival horror I thought it was
like a I thought it was like a sci-fi
thing oh my
hey come here guys hey well now that you
said oh yeah see people on chat are
saying it's not survival horror
if you tell us it's survival horror we
are less likely to plan just putting
that out there
puddin that out there and currently no
currently we have no plans to play it
only because we're playing this and
vanquish is gonna come out in a couple
weeks I'm playing River City ransom
underground those two deep in the aisle
I don't care I like River City ransom so
I my favorite games in the Ness hmm
let's look through 3d game called prey I
don't care I don't care
Lane your well vanquish is coming out
and people they knew with made by but
yeah I know I really love vanquish I'm
glad to see it on PC to the high frame
rate your ability to not only have a
conversation with yourself but argue
with yourself should be commended rich I
just oh shit more down here and I
thought wow fucking it's still fine you
got fun now help let me help ya this
game is hard enough I'm gonna make it
like maybe to the end of this level with
that much health yes and that's how you
learn you have to keep pushing if you if
you keep resetting you're never gonna
push past this much get as far as you
can is the is the way to is the name of
the game
failure builds character so I'm sure
like that I got you got a stop resetting
just a new door fuck that one
that was me I'm trying to give you tips
rich I'm trying to give you quick tips
here tips of tips to tips ah writ rich
to understand that he has to get good
he's working on it he's getting
anonymous as rich in Jack you don't have
a choice you have to play a DC villain
fuck off whether it be on the Big Finish
fuck off all right I don't give a shit
what are you talking about fridge what's
the question what's the question until
now you don't have a choice I have all
the choice in the world you don't have a
choice you know what I'm not gonna read
the rest of your tip that's my fucking
choice tell me I don't got a choice
fucking where you are yes that's given
from there is asking fun hypothetical
question
like I got a silly question for Richard
Zack I bet I bet if I ask him a silly
question about which DC villain they
would like to play as an actor oh I bet
we could get some mileage out of that
where does this come from Richard Edlund
Evans you horrible dickhead rich is not
feeling good right now because of all of
his death and failure Jack you don't
know me I'm not I do know you look at
listen here you're being you're being
cranky because you're dying something
big comically cranky I am NOT big
seriously cranky
alright this evil what do we got that
out of the way okay full question is uh
you have to play DC villain whether it
be on the big screen or television what
villain would you pick and why and if
you are willing how would you play a
villain you get to choose and I know you
why a DC villain that's just well DC
also has better felon this is usually
but I don't necessarily agree with that
uh Black Manta what Batman has a more
interesting pop ro Batman has a more
interesting rogues gallery then what
about the rest of the DC Universe jacket
do I even know any of their villains oh
also maybe the DC Universe doesn't have
good villain sizes Batman has an
unusually good rogues gallery Batman has
some good villains and he might they
might even rival some of us spider-man's
best pal yeah well I'll do that I'll
read that ah so you have to play and you
know what because I know you don't like
to consider yourself an actor yeah maybe
you don't get to maybe you don't have to
play maybe you just get to the question
is I don't think you know what I think
the heart get to the heart of this yeah
question isn't necessarily in my mind
which I would like to play yeah which
which would I be a good choice for if
any okay I sister mixi mister Mixel oh
god I have a sister mix picnic sick mix
EEP Enix
yeah rich Evans as mr. mix flick sticks
yes that's a great choice rich that's a
great choice
is everyone concurring with that
obviously right answer yes playful evil
imp
a playful evil imp agreed agreed
now now if you get to direct a villain
you get to choose how a villain gets
played by an actor yes there is that -
out far out there disti says I asked the
question and that is clearly the right
answer yes risk which would be a great
mr. miss boots lips Shh Oh monster
closet monsters behind me I lost half my
health in one hit all those nice fine
no not fine no I wouldn't want to do mr.
fries because I really like mr. fries I
could probably pull off a decent Riddler
oh that's an interesting choice if I if
I wanted to play Riddler in a in a
specific way I could probably pull that
off I'm liking you as Riddler yeah yeah
I could I could I think I could pull
that off in an interesting way and 64
cartridges hey shot it because that's
what n64 cartridge is get in my book ah
numbered ya know number two would be
Harley Quinn I think I could make a
really good gender swapped Harley Quinn
cuz Harley can it can hardly be a guy's
name - yeah yeah ken yeah it's a
wrestler big tough wrestler Harley Race
well there you go so yeah I'd be I'd be
the gender swapped Harley Quinn who's
just kind of a low-level clown who's
pushed too far
Falls it falls in love with uh with a
familiar with a female see what I said
that huh you just said gender swapped
Harley Quinn I'm following a little say
anything about gender swap Joker and
that was never on the table and I'm
falling in love with a gender with a
female supervillain I'm wrong here you
know same-sex supervillain well I get to
choose there's something wrong with that
of course it's not but there I get to
choose who I get to play so oh I didn't
I didn't know that you were so
closed-minded Jack entirely I had no
idea entirely entirely closed - floor
drop yes and there's a ton of shit under
here
fart you're fine you still have a
hundred help I have about half the house
health I started with fine fine - fine
fine
you're gonna make it ish
now this is hey did you guys see the
teaser for the new season of house of
cards where Jeff Sessions is a scumbag I
didn't
nope I don't know I said hey you know I
don't hate it I didn't I didn't get in
the house of carbs I watched almost the
entire first season with Keira Knightley
yeah yeah you know I'm gonna get it
mm-hmm he's an asshole politician I get
it you know Lisa and I felt the exact
same way we're like oh yeah so it's a
good show it's but I just don't care
there's the problem with it it's not a
shocking thing that changes the way we
look at politicians it's this is exactly
what people think politicians are like
in reality right and it's like it's a
really well produced show the acting is
all really great but yeah the house was
like oh man that's a doctor on he's such
an asshole
yeah doctors aren't supposed to be a so
well that's an interesting idea
how's the car she's like yeah that's a
politician huh yeah oh yeah pretty much
oh yeah yeah I can see that pretty much
so it's fine show I just yeah yeah no I
care yeah I'm with you I'm with you ah
let's see here bgb lives is jac thoughts
on the current superhero show seasons
agents of shield is the best arrow got
much better the flash is quickly
becoming the worst thing ever and
Supergirl is certainly a TV show
if you don't know vgb Supergirl is my
favorite
I find that show to be adorable and
constantly good as this more importantly
the second season as soon as they came
to CW I think it's been consistently
really good I think they're handling
Supergirl as a character appropriately
they are they're giving her kind of
personal challenges instead of super eat
challenges as she's Supergirl so you
know there's just not a lot of
interesting in things that she can punch
that was actually a big part of this
most recent episode is
is she keeps messing with the cops you
know she is she keeps like swooping in
like while the cops are in the middle of
doing something and Supergirl like
swoops in and the cops are like whoa
Supergirl
can you fucking stop that because we
have we have a job to do and actually
when you save the day criminals are
finding a loophole to get out of jail
time
the Supergirl defense you're destroying
evidence you're being kind of a pain in
the ass was that Lisa are you needed at
the home front no that was my alarm
telling me that it's my bedtime okay oh
my god how late is it it's almost 11:00
yeah yeah Wow yeah and the last run
something you should know about my alarm
that tells me that's my bedtime I never
listen to it I don't even know why I
haven't said it's just there to make me
feel guilty I got a message let me see
if I'm not leader in the whole Trump I
doubted she should be long in bed
oh we're dead wrong number hahaha
that's fun no don't do anything back um
so just wrong number just hey wrong
number
what do I do I don't start something and
its own indicate the point with the
Supergirl TV show hey girl
it's Ben be there in ten
this is this isn't like someone gave him
the wrong number on purpose this is he
was on his way to a place and just
misdialed don't do anything are you
gonna take a picture of yourself take a
selfie Yeah right here I can't take us I
don't know how to take a fucking selfie
right now here look was it flips see you
hit that announce the front-facing
camera and then you print you still have
to press the camera but I can't you need
to hit the butter well is it that you
take a selfie like this rich with your
thumb
okay so put you know I'm not that
narcissistic there you go I have to hit
the camera oh god no don't do that rich
put your shirt down we're gonna get
we're gonna get we're gonna get dings if
I ate bites which you guys see this rich
twit twitch is gonna ban us oh no it's
blurry I had to do this again oh god
don't know just just a face of you with
your thumbs up Jesus band
we're banned from twitch alright stop
banning us with twitch oh my god
can't wait baby what get over here
oh look look at the festival school yeah
what kind of a kind of a life are we
living with baby cakes baby cakes
baby cakes
so someone is Texas bridge Texas the
wrong number and said hey baby it's been
I'll be there in ten and rich sent back
that they have your number now man
what's what's going on baby cakes
I'm sorry ting names there's no better
end than that babycakes rich you boo
baby cakes that dude sweet Jesus Christ
wait are they calling that yeah yo this
is Ben hey how's it going hello hello hi
who's this this is Ben how you doing Ben
I'm okay okay yeah the way over
yeah the way over oh cool hey yeah well
yeah I want to come right on in that'll
be great
I got some wine wines chillin there's no
way I'm going to put this on
speakerphone I can't I can't do that I'm
streaming right now so
all right have a nice one man all right
that was Ben Ben just called
was he being funny I think so do you
think so he was tre he was a funny or a
psychopath he was trying to pay he was
trying to play along yeah if he
obviously just dialed the wrong number
right texted the wrong number rich that
he'd have a little fun back at him and
then Ben thought he'd keep the gang
going I Oh Ben also we have a problem
yeah but that's okay that's not a big oh
wait is this not connected no you didn't
connected but we got her back connects
connects it's on me
send me that's on you that's all right
boom well we got our subs from this Oh
Ben what automatic spam bot filter what
this shit's that for here we go here we
go what is today May 7th
great here's May 7th all right so uh
rich Evans did bring wine I like you're
gonna get in trouble that Ben's gonna
call you tomorrow dad hey where were you
hey that's time to get a new number
that's fine Oh
okay so we have doobie sandwich corked
spiral who says thanks for all the great
streams guys keep up the great work
k Nuala low-tom ali raza
for 15 months in a row Ali raza says two
days and I get my Magnus Builder badge
this is May 10th
today's May 10th not May 7th well we
have read these already then rich we
read these already
okay so stream started May 10th TC Brady
one three three he says seven months
please kill me
Lana bogan dr. Gunther hooter hanker for
17 months in a row says make a splode
ego boom please favorite customers as
hey guys did you hear Bayonetta is
coming to PC thank you
Christo Berra Berto M C Pugh says Jaka
Cheka Cheka
where stuff huh what is all right it's
up right is that Oh scrolled past it
already yep bond dug for 32 fucking
months of the Roses 32 months as I go
100 years in dog years ruff ruff ruff ha
riot crew for 35 fucking months in a row
Oh close says I've been inspired by a
subscriber from last stream sharing her
breast cancer I have a rare form of
thyroid cancer I watched your stream as
I recovered in bed after surgery I have
another surgery on June 7th hope you
stream lol warm your cockles well good
luck consider the cockles good luck
Tiberius Kirk twenty fucking months in a
row you know what back to Ryan true what
35 motherfucking months in a row you got
one month early that magical 36 Tiberius
perk for 20 fucking month mud Siberia
skirt for 20 fucking months a neurosis
congrats on passing 1 million total
views on Twitch prereq I'll be
celebrating by being in the pool when
you read this Biffle Potamus 35 fucking
months in a row my name is Doug
Kirk Linden muds the palladin AJ pimps
all says another month an other manual
subscription on Twitch prime nice nice
Boog master 34 says she's breaking all
the rules I know what breaking all the
rules they're talking about your rule
breaking em cancer gets you a month
early as the new
I can make the fucking rules all right
that's fair that's their move master
thirty forces just wanted to say god
damnit rich you got me addicted to
stardew valley and XCOM yellow them look
you work through crew streaming
ww one two three four five six seven
eight nine one zero striker
11:21 four twenty four fucking months
and a roses thanks the two years of
inexpensive entertainment boys Gargamel
jumex doctor so days twenty five fucking
months a neurosis fill my skills donkey
donkey donkey donkey donkey doe donkey
donkey all right six lugan bruised there
says hey guys slug night who says bought
PC Bayonetta and suddenly vanquish on PC
it's a good day all around
yes it is especially for Ben yep bet all
you guys the photo that Ben has now is a
keepsake it's gonna get it he's gonna
print it out and get a framed rich Kiwi
the Iguana J read 2-1-1 to Chuck's text
gutter stars for 70 months in a row says
yeah Casey I see 7:07
Justin nor he's eed boron Taggard m'q
stone for 25 fucking months in a row
says I love to see you guys tonight love
to see you guys tonight
does that been it what if it's been
what if what if Edie
Taggard mixdown has been and Ben's a fan
he's getting that's getting creepy
tennis getting creepy look I talked to
Ben on the phone yeah just judging on
his what I think I could take Ben you
think you could say I think I could take
Ben oh cool
great cool trainer la Hendy says rich is
right about Blade Runner
Mista Kurt's 1979 JJ chica for 16 months
in a row says I'm going to make wine out
of your testicles like on 22 fucking
months in a row says for me the Star
Wars movies suck and I'll probably stop
it if the new one is ship
they said shut I'm assuming the Med shed
sure absolutely
being part of red letter media will you
ever be able to escape them if you
wanted to I do and no agent prodigy if
you're just joining us now we're ending
the stream and at the end of the stream
we collects during the stream we collect
everyone who subscribed to us and now
we're thanking them so anyone who
subscribed to us during the stream this
is the point in which we thank them
because we're ending that way whatever
we're talking about is not interrupted
because you know we want to thank the
people who subscribed of course we'd be
doing it a lot but you know what if
you're if you say are just joining us
right at this very moment because you
see that we are streaming strafe and we
just finished she's just finished and
now you're just hearing us read names
while not playing that would be
confusing and what then would I get that
absolutely Ryan from MI says TOS TNG man
will overcome their hate and learn to
live in peace DS Deep Space nine fuck
that you'd better pray to space God cuz
you ain't gonna make it otherwise yes
yes yes and SF wookie says big fan have
a good night guys
Lord well says thanks to the hours and
hours of entertainment chat
bacon cheese ninja top ramens 26 fucking
months and roses 26 months when do I get
my bo TW cameo van Duren 12 months in a
roses one year you hacks keep it up
quality pixel says we blueberry
blueberry bashing Deford ND dancer jth
28 and David I know people who says
you're playing injustice right before 2
comes out great thinking Jack also fuck
that other guy flash has been great
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
so what it says someone someone said
they just sent it to him don't tell me
well I'll reread that real quick perform
yeah I like the flash show I think it's
a fine show wake up thank you flash is a
fine show uh oh actually have a couple
days before Anonymous is rich you were
like 10 years old when Tim Burton's
Batman came out yeah what was your
initial opinion how has that evolved
over the years
what's your ideal Batman movie uh I like
the movie because it was a hype and I
was young but I always hated the costume
I never liked that was all black and I
never like Batman walking around that a
giant armored shoot that left him in
Mobile even at a young age with the
hyper on that movie I couldn't I
couldn't get into that that style of
Batman remember when he's in the
batplane yeah turn my hand yes sir like
look to see if you hit the Joker and he
goes like this yeah yeah
trove mean I drove me nuts when I was
well it's a little bit older than 10
sure and I'm an old man I was like 12 so
I was gone
ideal Batman movie Dark Knight Dark
Knight's pretty good Batman movie focus
on the villains
I would I would love and rich and I have
talked about this before
a Batman movie where we don't get a
super villain or maybe make this super
villain the mob boss look it's oh god I
got fish loud where Batman is just a
detective and he doesn't need anything
super powered gadget why's he just
crawls around and spooks people and
fights goons I love that they're not
really movies but I kind of love the
Arkham games portrayal of Batman as a
character okay that's a good Batman hmm
good batmanning yeah uh this time it's
looper says rich you should have
responded to that text with you dial the
wrong number but I just want to let you
know good luck we're all counting on you
it's gonna be fine
hey or no it's gonna be fine I get
uncomfortable with pranks oh please no
me I do Hyman come Frank you plain brain
is that a prank you cranked him
that's um that's a mild fucking with
somebody that's a prank what do you
think a prank
I don't have a mouse you should know
that did he text you back no you can you
can there's a way you can block it I'm
just deleting it right now lock it
he's not gonna call back I don't have a
mouse rich I can't end the stream I
don't have a mouse nice all over the
place stupid way we could end the stream
I could let down how do you quit
