Episode 782
Oracle of Seasons of Guardians Spoilers (Part 2)
June 24, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aVttD5dRNWs
___________________________________________

oh look at this thing what am I gonna
get I'm gonna get a leaf rich you got
the fertile soil the tears or frays
thing was amusing but that did not get
an audible laugh out of me listen to me
girls music see there's an amazing scene
absolutely
the the scene that crabby puppy is so
cute I just want to die that line from
anta's that cracked me up it wasn't even
a joke it was just an adorably delivered
line yeah that was fun man you know what
mantis was good yeah the scene that I
was smiling at more than any was the
Rocket yondu murder everyone seeing Jack
that that wasn't a joke huh that was
just a beautiful scene everybody gets
more that's what I'm saying that was you
know what that was a beautiful character
moment it's just rocket yondu murdering
everyone and I loved it I loved that the
whole Ravager sequence was fantastic
it's metaphorical yeah that's great
you hated mantis oh no mantis was great
I just wanna see more and more mantis
more yeah mantis was great
basically mantis was the Drax of this
movie Drax was really great in the first
movie with his like offbeat humor but
now like Drax is obviously just learned
to temper that so mantis was the Drax of
this movie learn to temper that like in
the first one Drax is literalism I was
really easy sighs he seems like he's
understanding metaphors a bit better
exactly I love I love though that he
isn't dumb he's just brutally honest to
a fault oh yeah yeah but like that
wasn't as noted as it was in the first
one even though like that whole the
whole Drax and ego stuff like Drax
asking you if he has a penis that was
hilarious what are you talking about
my father regaled us with tales of
impregnating my mother wow that's fun
stuff you know that's you know that is
rich a little bit of dialogue that goes
a lot way to explain a character just a
little bit of dialogue and you and you
know something a little bit more about
Drax right hook the Mako tree some of
the fertile soil has come to me I
already feel stronger Oh in my dreams I
saw the temple of seasons the joke about
the tape was the dumbest thing ah man
the tape it was fine joke the middle of
vowel everyone stop stopping to look for
tape to put tape over the button yeah so
Bru doesn't hit the wrong button that
was amusing yeah I was fine it was fine
it was it was a little too reminiscent
the funniest thing in the movie but it
was amusing
it was a little too reminiscent of the
gag that they used in the beginning of
the movie where also people were
fighting in the background and groupies
doing stuff with the and so like to me
it was like oh they already did this
joke so but you know what that was a
really cute sequence just just Peter
asking it what did you ask nebula she
was there when I asked yondu Maya it's
funny yeah that's funny
okay we gotta go to the temple trailer
used to many good bits yeah yeah I think
that tape thing was in the trailer right
portal I only saw one of the trailers
maybe there's just a lot that didn't get
spoiled for me ya know I could be that
could be the that like that the whole
basically that whole mantis like you
love her sexually you see downs all in
the trailer yeah
which was cute I still you know what I
still laughed it's fun it's a fun bit it
is about that that ah there's a witch
okay bye witch
the blue prism says fuck yes more Zelda
also hijack and rich right you guys are
looking like a couple of cool cats
absolutely
you ought to see about finally streaming
some link to the past that was my first
game I ever got I think I'm not saying
it'll never happen in my havin my a no
Manos is that Ben I doubt it unknown
caller
that's Ben hello
it's literally no one I'm assuming that
was a wrong number because after that
long pause yeah there was just an I'm
sorry and then hang up oh yeah
either a wrong number like a
telemarketer who like wasn't reading his
script up no no no no I don't know I'm
missing this call I don't know yeah
was his name Ben what was it was here
why didn't you put that highlight up oh
it's gonna it's going on I like
highlight for summer eat like in my head
so like the new videos go up every day
at noon right yeah yeah highlights I
usually put up sometime between like
1:00 and 2:00 in the morning
just because I'm silly so I think it's
kind of tonight I should have it set up
to go or this or tomorrow morning you
know I believe I have it set up to go up
tomorrow morning you don't know who Ben
is there's some phone that's not my
phone number and don't even post fake
numbers because that might be somebody's
phone number I don't know Ben if you
don't know who Ben is there's a
highlight coming up that you should
probably watch from the last stream we
did yeah
was his name Ben did I get that right I
always been yeah
um the real Vance is Ridge Ridge
did you see the Star Trek Legacy video
it seems from the motion picture with
music from Daft Punk's Tron Legacy
soundtrack it works really well I I have
not seen it this is the first I've heard
of it but you know what that sounds
interesting
I'm down for seeing that
when in some guy in blue says when
infinity war comes out Mike and J should
have everybody that's ever been on red
letter media everybody that's ever been
on red letter media review the movie
with them you guys Josh Jim and Colin
Freddie Mac's Len Jessie Gillian etc oh
that'd be funny Oh God and we all try to
have a discussion about infinity Wars
depending upon how the movie turns out
that could be a very meta comment on the
movie it could be but practically
impossible to get all of these people
here at the same time swimming gizmo by
the way I did earlier you might have
missed it oh and talking about a bunch
of in talking about the good show
Don't Tell moments I specifically
mentioned the Mantis and Drax scene yes
she feels his emotions and that you know
switches her to warn the crew about eco
that was that was a that was a perfect
scene we understand what's happening
with the characters it moves the plot
forward all without an overabundance of
dialogue the Ayatollah of rock and
rollin says yeah love you guys
the Tony Stark faked out death and
Avengers reminded me of Han Solo's
Carbonite freeze I think Downey jr. so
wants to awesome slash kill Tony Stark
awesome he wants to he wants to like die
in an awesome way i I guess do you think
he does it in infinity war I don't think
they'll let him right
the question is when when are they going
to start reeling the characters with
different actors as soon as they are
ready to do that yes they will
symbolically kill iron man who started
the MCU uh not for a long time I think
they're gonna start trying rotating in
characters they haven't used yet they've
been doing them yeah I think you just
see more and more that rather than
recasting yeah I don't think possibly
then at some point in the future once
they feel like they've exhausted it all
then you'll see a major reboot of the
entire Marvel Universe at some distant
point I think once we get to that point
they will kill off Tony Stark at that
point yeah okay and you know that it'll
be the biggest symbolic gesture that we
are moving on from the original MCU
I should write a list before talking
about it
guardians volume 2 and Empire Strikes
Back parallels I was thinking about it
the other day
and I came up with a lot of them not
just a few I came up with a lot I don't
deny it
you know big space opera but there's an
action scene in the beginning that not
alone is enough and then after the
action scene when fleeing are our heroes
take their spaceship through an asteroid
field um the hero gets it our heroes are
girls split up and our main character
rather than going on some kind of
adventure spends time with a mentor
figure learning to use magical powers
all right I like it I like it ah
shocking revelation about our hero's
father who turns out to be the big
villain alright I like him I need to I
need to go through and write them down
I thought war no one's kidnapped but so
then so then is yondu the Han Solo like
is his dying the frozen in carbonite I
kind of somebody for somebody a pirate
ish kind of rogue hero freezes at the
end of the film
nice
if there's no there's no real boba fett
well I guess the Taser face would be
boba fett just just in general
structurally there's no like here's the
problem we have to solve it's kind of
meander for a bit and things come
together at the end
there's no Empire the snow we got to
investigate the mystery of the empire
and blow up the thing it's like how god
we got a run from these guys and now
we're gonna hang out here for a while
I'm just gonna chill out with Yoda guy
and now shit out all comes together and
hmm I guess that's fair I do what I do
wonder just in general how many movies
you could do that way though
our one of our villains has a change of
heart helps the heroes kind of goes off
on their own at the end to take care of
business Lando nebula and Lando oh sure
kind of you know is that a strong there
yeah was working for the bad guy yes I
has a change of heart yeah alright no
that's fair that's fair Lando takes off
in the Falken at the end and then nebula
takes off of a ship and leaves cuz they
have unfinished business staring out a
window solemnly at the end well that
that's just a lot of move staring out a
window solemnly and a bittersweet ending
sure sure
at a beautiful thing that's happening
out in space not saying I disagree can't
do that yet what are you doing mister
I need a fish I need a fish well yeah I
mean oh oh oh I bet I can bomb these
rocks
I have bombs rich nope
wealthy starring what was the beautiful
thing happening at Empire were they
staring around like a nebula or
something weren't they
it was a beautiful Vista wasn't just an
empty star filled MIT been a necessary
whole bunch of other ships around wait a
minute sir you mean with him and Leia at
the end yeah in his hand
no I physical ish she was like a nebula
or a galaxy was one or the other I can't
be a hundred percent on that rich in
fact I'm kind of leaning the other way
that it was just an empty state okay
okay
I don't yes they were staring at a Milky
Way like thing were they yeah I'm I'm
not I don't remember that
last leg
it was totally the galaxy yeah Oh anyway
I'll talk to the Megu tree again you
talk to that maker trip I think I think
I have to I'm gonna read this tip by
Fire Emblem fangirl who says hey Jack
they played fire up oh it's winter now
what sorry oh gosh I'm stuck
are you you're really stuck can't go
down thank okay hi fireman van girl all
right
Fire Emblem fan girl says hey Jack I
real woman by video games board games
RPG books and erotica we don't need men
to please us saying that to you I don't
know why some offhand comment from
earlier cuz I got nothin I can't help
you okay okay I got it
ready yeah what what was the name Fire
Emblem fangirl Fire Emblem fangirl I
agree with you was always that about
like was that about like Lisa and buying
shoes oh snap that could have been you
know what she likes shoes you can't tell
you can't tell her how to skate i'ma say
what do women like he said some like oh
I might have said madam I might I might
have just said know what you're right
women like a lot of things some of them
like shoes and well I guess what the
comparison I was trying to make I was
not trying to make a sexist comparison
because men could buy $300 shoes - right
so one don't go assuming that that's
only a female thing Fire Emblem girl
well not a straight man huh not the
straight are you kidding have you seen
how expensive athletic sneakers are rich
they they can be super expensive so
kidding okay I'm thinking I'm sad thing
I'm thinking like fancy dress shoes that
are like ultra high Oh like like like
athletic sneakers are crazy expensive
yeah good yeah you're right
you're
um when I was so like shoot you know
shoes versus of really expensive cable I
can get some use out of this cable and
if we ever do a review of a GameCube era
or Gameboy era game I could use a really
nice way to capture that footage right
so like it could be practical and I
could use it but I don't necessarily
need it and it's the same with a really
nice shoe
it could be practical and it would be
nice to have but you don't necessarily
need a $300 shoe I were absolutely
fucking loaded yeah I still don't think
I would buy a $300 pair of shoes well it
but I this is what I'm saying with like
in comparing the shoes versus the cable
they are both things that could be nice
you could get use out of but aren't
entirely necessary so that was not a
sexist comment that was a perfectly
rational comment okay Fire Emblem fan
Charlotte m3 says haven't caught a
stream in a while and just wanted to say
hi been sick for the past week so it's
nice to get in some laughs with prereq
and get to feeling better thanks guys
for all the good times you're welcome
thanks for watching we appreciate it we
appreciate Beowulf he'll says King
Arthur books was a Norman's propaganda
to convert England to Christian and to
Norman's French ways read King Arthur
and Green Knight for a good read okay
oh shit I'm going to buy me Meg ooh
sorry wake up
that's all you got so it's a makeup tree
and not a deco tree yeah this is the
make ooo tree and the make ooh tree says
go to the temple of seasons but BTW I
don't know where the temple of seasons
is well fuck man I don't know where it
is you might have to explore and a Zelda
game check oh that's too much oh oh
hello still hidden in this world if you
can find the temple then pay a visit to
the spirits who lived there surely they
can help all right
thanks dude why do some people say
Tolkien was racist but everyone back
then was racist
so the world what the world where Jim
Crow was a thing shit
you find me you find me a person from
from the 1940s I will show you a fucking
racist I'm sure there were some not
racist people but a lot a lot of more
super racist
I'm not saying which is a hundred
percent right but he's like 90% right oh
here we go
I got hey I can light that fire
boom I got a cook codex
I got a cook codex rich okay
bird's nest set ah hey Jake and rich hi
obviously you guys love the Zelda series
however I would love to know what you
guys think about Majora's Mask awesome
Jack damn you laters help the older
generation pass on classic games that's
yeah yeah it's true
George masks okay I tried playing it
once a long time ago and it was so
different structure wise that I never
got into it I have not played it as an
adult
oh hello that's how you get past those
trees you burn them and I haven't tried
playing it as an adult I do hear it's
it's supposed to be like the good one I
I haven't played it for the admittedly
superficial reason that I can't stand
realistic looking young link cartoon I
gonna do with winwaker cartoony yeah
young link yeah I can't stand realistic
young link there's nothing for me man
doesn't nothing for me I know you hate I
don't want to be a fucking kid
yeah it's dumb you hate that and it's
superficial but that is the reason I
passed on that game back in the day you
know what rich you that's that's the
thing you have to look at all game if
you don't want to look at that thing
that's I think that's a perfectly valid
reason a comic book could have a really
great story but terrible art and it's
still something you have to look at yo
fucking book any new oh here hit it
which one was that those are the song
storms yeah that's great great music
great music
go around go around if I could just
isle it it would go around more quickly
which rich hates children I don't know
why more people don't haven't we had
this conversation children our assholes
children are horrible needy assholes
with no sense of self-preservation
varies on the child I've seen some
adorable children but yeah I think they
can be really irritating no even an
adorable children are assholes and it is
your job as a parent to get that act to
get that asshole out of them well
there's a heart over there that's named
doot-doot doot-doot doot-doot die act
Iraq Hey
the Zaius says rich yay do you think
Adam warlock in the movies will be more
like Jim starlings warlock or like the
warlock from the 2008 guardians of the
galaxy series that one I just don't want
starlings extensive work to be
disregarded it will be I don't know oh
no I don't get hard to say hard to say I
don't know they've taken it seems to
have their shit together
she seemed out of your shit together
they all their movies make a ton of
money it's just it's a if you're gonna I
don't know you built it off to the
infinity war in a bit late to be
introducing Adam warlock and then a
little bit late in the game if okay so
if they go the same route as the comics
that Adam warlock is the savior of the
day is that what he did in the comics ID
number of the ending the ending of the
Infinity Gauntlet has problems it really
has no idea how to wrap up the story it
sets up and a a bunch of different shit
happens at the ending okay
well originally in the comics he kind of
ultimately saves the day but not
necessarily from Thanos oh it's really
weird the ending of that book shit
nebula ends up getting the gauntlet
really
interesting the reasoning is that Thanos
subconsciously doesn't think he's worthy
leaves his guard down and nebula grabs
the gauntlet off his hands and she has
the gauntlet mm-hmm but she's fucking
incompetent and she's on the verge of
destroying all of reality and then Adam
warlock does a thing oh man oh man uh-oh
Jesus Christ
god dammit rich spoilers that fucking
book came out in 1990
yeah we're fuckin way past that we're
fuckin way past that
uh wait and it doesn't Adam warlock have
a stone in his forehead and they did
that with vision now was that a thing
yeah no yeah it wasn't
yeah he had heard infinity gem in his
head he had the soul gem and that's what
vision is I don't know does he have the
soldier here's my mind Jim why okay in
his head well the different gems though
I don't know if the Marvel Universe is
even gonna have a soul gem but like are
they gonna have two heroes of gems and
they're probably not right like look
what is what is the infinity war coming
out I is it next year
Cabo Cabo Cabo don't put your hands up
like that what I've been meaning I've
been nudged and I I haven't told you
that there's a spider there's a spider
hanging out behind you and if you put
your hands back a little you will touch
the spider really yeah
what is your real reason there's a
spider behind you it's a daddy longlegs
oh really yeah I was gonna wait until
after day yeah it hasn't moved I'm not
terrified of spiders I know you're not
and it hasn't moved so I was just gonna
wait and we could deal with it after the
stream but uh I did your hands were like
getting close to it so he's not gonna
bite me fuck up daddy longlegs oh I know
that's I just am I gonna do because I
don't want to hurt the thing I and I
didn't want you to knock down his nest
and then I'll go somewhere and then I
won't be able to smush him later
you
yeah I know just follow you I just
wanted to see what was over there first
uh Master Yoda that is a complete urban
legend that's a myth
what flip Master Yoda sank
daddy-longlegs are highly venomous but
their fangs can't penetrate human skin
yes it's just a myth it's an it's a cute
bed yeah it's a fun myth but it's a myth
it's it's like it's like you swallow 80
spiders a year myth yeah yeah cuz like
with yeah it's just one of those things
that danger like likes what
Oh
well I think I'm supposed to hide from
this like like and they're gonna they're
gonna show me the route to the temple
what I think I have to do yep
yes sir I have no idea what the fuck
they're doing I originally thought
vision was gonna take the place of Adam
warlock right right cuz he's got the
thing because he's got the geminus head
yeah so I add an identification the
whole vision they don't maybe they don't
do something with infinity war maybe
maybe James Gunn just as some kind of
guardians plan for him
maybe it will have nothing to do with
Thanos so the infinity war
and actually there's there's two
different kinds of spiders in this
country that could call daddy longlegs
one of them incorrectly okay and I'm not
sure which one that is it's a spider
with a little body and long legs yeah
like you know extraordinarily long times
it may not technically be a daddy
longlegs for all I really know yeah yeah
we just it's definitely there though oh
there's definitely a spider there I'm
not hanging out in a cobweb yeah there's
just one of those things where I didn't
want rich to bump it off its web and his
hands were getting close and it wasn't
really moving and so I wasn't going to
be like I wasn't gonna like stop the
stream so we could take care of the
spider midstream now because I love it
right I know you don't care some people
freak out about spiders yeah in general
like if it's a big spider yeah like I've
seen like everywhere have you ever seen
like a doc spider if they're big I
wouldn't want to hang around my house
but I would probably shoo it outside
rather than freak out no I smoosh i
smoosh first ask questions later
oh you spiders are eating if you have
spiders that means you have something
they're eating yeah and you probably
want them to eat that thing whatever
that thing is there listen I I follow
the the humans and the insect Kingdom
have a packed rich mm-hmm if we don't
see you you get to live a long and
prosperous life but the second we see
you you're dead so you got to be really
good at hiding that's the pact that the
humans and the insect / arachnids
because their partner you know the part
of the deck grows up check for the
record I would be afraid of a black
widow or a brown recluse but in this
particular area we don't get either of
those right
so there there are no brown recluses or
black widows to be had in this part of
the country I think there might be some
in up north you could get something like
shipping sure I think what kind of
spider wasn't it may have been a black
widow that came in with a shipment of
Granada's at the grocery store
Karen worked at uh it might I might be
getting the story wrong maybe maybe that
particular spider wasn't a black widow
sure oh that's good that makes me that
just makes me like feel crawl at creepy
crawlies all over me and that would be
fearsome because they can do some damage
oh I get a boomerang brown recluse are
fairly common yes but not here because
there are none in this area I think I'm
like I was saying I think there might be
brown recluses up north like near the U
P that might be a thing yourself in any
case they're not here no no no they're
not in Milwaukee like we're fine here
whoa
shit's going down lava I fell in the
lava
ah brown recluses are the most dangerous
as far as I know I read something I was
talking about that well that's not
really true Oh watch me now no there
I've been I've been bitten by spiders
before like big spiders yeah um when I
was a kid my one of my uncle's ran a
fishing camp yeah and uh sometimes I
would spend weeks up with him in his
fishing camp in Canada and he had docked
spiders and those things are as big as
your fucking hand and they bite and
leave marks I've been bitten by a couple
of those guys oh fuck yeah then I
wouldn't be too happy
oh no they're giant and they bite they
don't give a shit about you you see a
little spider walking around my house I
don't give no fucks about something like
something like that oh yeah no I just
don't I mean again the code rich we have
a code if I don't see you you get to do
whatever you get to do whatever you want
get better at hiding right that's the
name of the game if you're a bug or a
wreck m''d
all right well we
hey one of the one of the mods see grim
hound band that motherfucker
that's a dumb joke grim hound I like I
got a no I just got a no that's a dumb
joke
Grimm hound thank you mods mmm it's a
dumb joke I don't care all right I don't
blend it I don't blame me and I don't
care for it I don't want to see it in
there banham not a timeout goodbye
uh yet Shh
how hard it says good evening for
watching your past streams my favorite
ones are one you're honest about old
franchises sonic Pokemon then new show
idea rich ruins our childhood I'd watch
the shit out of it hey Sonic is all on
Jack I did yeah that was me I have
really hated that game what did he owe
he what he said was uh he's what he said
was that was the same you don't even
have to go on that details you have to
calm it well I do you know like I it was
an anti-semitic joke yeah well more
importantly his joke was that I was
anti-semitic yeah and so it was yeah
that was IIIi would I wouldn't be cool
with that yeah and it was it was just it
was a point it was one of those like
pointless jokes that was just calling me
anti-semitic and I didn't care for it so
goodbye as far as like classic
franchises rich and I have talked about
doing several and we just haven't found
that one that we have stuff to say about
yeah sonic sonic we played we had stuff
to talk about you know especially like
not just about Sonic but about the
Genesis and how that was the big rival
and that's that's where that came from
and we haven't had a lot of we almost
did it we came close he came close I was
replying to them like yeah you know what
I miss more than I remembered I still
don't love it as much as some of the
other Zelda's and they still don't think
it's the best but yeah no it's all right
yeah and then I think when we were
thinking about doing it that sequel I
just came out about it and so then it
was like well someone covered it if we
cover it then fuck it so
it's tough you got a because I really
like that whole like is Sonic overrated
and just you know taking on like is this
game worth all of the praise I like that
idea of going back and revisiting
classic we can't call it rich Evans
ruins my childhood because I think there
already is a show about old video games
called ruin my childhood so we couldn't
call it that I think there's enough
ammunition no no yeah yes whatever we
feel like you know okay the off switches
Oracle of Seasons we're link saves
Hyrule from an evil force but they all
starve anyway because some kid fuck with
the weather too much and the harvest was
ruined fit in with your timeline
Nintendo by the way maybe this is what
so like oracles seasons happens and all
the people were suffering because their
crops were messed up and that's why they
needed to flood all of Hyrule no that's
why then we know my Hyrule got flooded
that was explained in the Wind Waker
they did it to stop get him right biz
why it's why the original Legend of
Zelda game is a barren wasteland where
people live in caves that's it because
this fucker cuz this fucker was messing
with the seasons but we'll know but Wind
Waker Ganon came back after link
defeated him and then they had to flood
Hyrule to stop a second time yes
according to the official time
non-sensitive bag says cheers jack raise
my IPA thanks both for streaming today a
beer and livestreams great way to close
out a long Monday
I thought the digital D aging of K
Russell look good you yeah yeah I look
pretty good you know what I didn't even
notice it so yeah that look good the
headband you know they had to have done
it
well of course is he's ancient I was I
was because I know that you know I know
it had to be a digital day I was like
like that is scrutinizing it oh yeah
what I scrutinized it I thought well
maybe it's a little bit off but I had to
scrutinize and not I was they did a good
job like I said I it didn't even occur
to me I mean of course they had to do it
but it didn't even it was it was nothing
like rogue one Tarkin which i think is
just horrible
ah well that wasn't a digital d aging
that was a hope that was a fate of the
whole shit sure I got the rout of
seasons
it can change the seasons - yeah but the
Kurt the Kurt Russell D Aging's pretty
pretty pretty good
yeah damn good yeah yeah I can be with
that I can be with that
I can be down with that like I said it's
just nothing that occurred to me while
watching which is the hope of any effect
is that it doesn't occur to you while
watching it look you guys still talking
with spiders spreaders neat sure just
you know just nature just nature - Dax
says yeah Jack mansplaining feminism is
the funniest thing I've seen in a while
especially if you're drinking vodka and
7up keep up the good work
that was I was mansplaining feminism to
the person who called me who said I was
being I was being sexist for saying my
wife liked shoes I just know what she
likes this is a rough stream for you
isn't it apparently I think I brought
all this beer rich feminism - Guardians
- this is a rough stream from be honest
I'm more confident talking about ratings
- than Finland cuz like again you might
not agree with my ideas but I feel like
they're all pretty well thought out and
I hope my whole showing not telling deal
ah I think you're gonna go into feminist
we're gonna go into it here's like
Dwight is Jack doing that is Jack
waiting for me to interrupt him as he
trying to do a bit or should I let this
play out please don't no no no no no no
oh god that would be horrible
what a horrible time
Wow rocks
yeah
don't worry jack you're right about
everything this stream except for piracy
right we got piracy we got guardians and
we got feminism hey everyone
what do you disagree with jack about
today I got them all
I got them all I liked the force awakens
Mad Max is a perfect movie Mad Max is
fucking great max so fucking great Iron
Man 3 is a perfect action movie Iron Man
3 is Rena Iron Man 3 is a perfect action
movie
come at me we agree we agree on many
things Jack I know and it's I know like
I'm glad that you like guardians I'm
glad that anyone like I'm glad that
anyone enjoys anything cuz you know it's
tough to find things that you enjoy it
just didn't click for me I just did not
click for me and that was a tough one
too cuz like we like Lisa and I took
some special time like we had to find
babysitters for the kids like we're good
we're gonna go see it you know you're
like she works a lot I work a lot just
finding that time for us to take to that
I was really excited about it all week
and we come out and she's like ah man I
thought that was really good oh I didn't
much care for and she's like oh yeah
yeah she doesn't really care what I
think about stuff ah which is important
but but it was exciting it was
disappointing cuz I was really looking
forward to it yeah
there's a oh my god oh my god there is
some sort of dancing about to practice
would you like to dance with us yes
the Ziya says rich Stalin's work on
warlock includes several infinity events
after Infinity Gauntlet yeah that would
be infinity war and infinity crusade
I read comics in the 90s it was hard not
to at least hear about these things but
neither mores good warlock and Thanos
become friends and Thanos becomes a kind
of antihero that's another one of the
reasons I like phantos cuz he he he grew
some after the Infinity Gauntlet hmm and
I'm sure I'm sure modern writers have
shit all over that and he's a comical
villain who wants still the Infinity
Gauntlet and be God about I'm sure all
of that development has been tossed into
the fucking trash can
oh yeah no he's been he's been rebooted
eight times rash right uh you should
check out the stories yep I'm already
familiar with him we good
the Ayatollah of rock and Rolla says how
do you guys feel about the HP Lovecraft
idea of forbidden knowledge making you
insane and/or Douglas Adams total
perspective vortex torture is there any
knowledge of the universe we should
avoid well the problem is you can't know
that until it's too late
I've always been partial to the to the
forbidden knowledge doesn't make you
insane it just makes you appear insane
well do we have any example of knowledge
making somebody crazy and then it's fun
it's a fun fantastical idea but I don't
think there are any practical reasons to
believe that you can learn something
that would drive you mad know you could
probably learn something that just makes
you really depressed like there is no
God
sure um there-there is no meaning in the
universe right except for what you bring
to it right right yeah I'm trying to
think of something where it's like but
you digest these things you get over
them I'd like like the the the the whole
atomic era where they're like nuclear
power will help man Kawai you can make
bombs from it like that probably
depressed the shit out of someone but no
I'm thinking more like I'm thinking more
like Homer Simpson's discovers that
there are aliens
so they dunk him in a vat of vodka so no
one believes him how about how about the
knowledge to destroy the entire universe
with some with some matches and some
bleach like this is something you can do
with these normal household objects that
would destroy existence that would be
knowledge you wouldn't want getting out
just takes one suicidal nut well okay no
so now let's say you're the person who
discovered this yeah
and what you've discovered is that if
anyone ever sets fire to bleach it will
start a chain reaction that will destroy
the entire world right like two very
simple things yeah and so then you
become so paranoid that this is going to
happen because it's something that could
happen so easily that you you get driven
mad right this is an interesting
question actually and see to me like if
you discovered some sort of knowledge
that is just like here here's something
houston's and fucked up with quantum
theory if a butterfly actually ever
touches a tsunami it will create an
atomic explosion we don't know why it
hasn't happened but if it ever happens
everything on the planet will die yeah
and then you become so worried that this
thing that could happen at any time will
happen that you become crazy
yeah okay have you guys seen the
discovery the movie is about an ethical
dilemma just like this I am I have no
I've never even heard of that
that could be deep or or depressing I'm
not sure which all right until I need to
listen that right sometime how's this a
noise thing yeah
damnit she's terrible get out here
doo-doo-doo hi I need to listen a whole
lot yeah yeah sorry everyone I need to
do this to get shovel
this is important so it's kind of like a
rhythm game yeah well hold on so how
many we could do i press right tink
pressed left okay do think other got it
yes
you
TUC oh I see what's happening okay so
he's gonna do three things blink blink
blink and then I need to do those three
things okay oh this sucks so this isn't
Yuri playing a game you've never played
this is what I'm getting out of this one
have you ever played this before
Oh ages all ages ages and ages ago this
is you know this is a I play this game
probably soon after it first came out
but
fuck don't don't think I can do this I
can do this yes I will dance with you
need instruction No
you
oh no damn it you don't need the sound
huh you don't know I'm watching his
movie yeah - oh I just press the wrong
button
dance motherfucker I am trying ultime
sir I am trying executive horse wife
says rich yes two times the universe
equals tube disgust I love you guys this
there's nothing in their disgust there's
to discuss there's just a nonsense
statement yeah
you
ah I'm getting closer guys I'm getting
closer the discovery a man finds
scientific proof of an afterlife and
people start killing themselves by the
million oh I did hear about that and you
know what technically I think writing
that's not terrible if you know there's
an afterlife and you know it's a
paradise it makes perfect sense
oh all right right of course no I'm too
lazy to actually kill myself but you
would just probably stop caring about
anything in life eat all the shit you
want to eat yep yeah fuck it fuck it I'm
gonna drive at 110 miles an hour hey you
know the kids on the sidewalk good
hopefully I'll hit one they'll have it
they'll have a great afterlife do not
resuscitate motherfucker yeah yeah
that's that's not even an ethical
dilemma that's just basic logic right
right oh I like that they say it's a
Netflix original by the herd I don't
know I don't know that's what you're
talking about it and know the name off
the top ahead I did hear about that oh
that sounds like a fun a fun little
thing oh by the way someone tweeted at
me or something someone someone said
something about that made me think of
like what a fun little sci-fi premise
right yeah that made me think about our
sci-fi conversation gravity and the
Martian I heard the correct term that I
think okay is what it's supposed to be
called it's not our argument about
whether or not gravity was in fact a
work of science-fiction right because of
course it takes science into account in
a fictional yes scenario but I believe
the more accurate term someone tweeted
at me was speculative fiction that's
still that's just another name for
science fiction that's not what gravity
is it's more it's more of a sub-genre of
speculative science here's the thing
though nothing
the science of gravity is speculative
well none of the
it's actual its existing now they got
some details wrong like like the
distance between the space stations but
there was no like fantastical devices or
sure item of technology we don't
currently have hmm
that's fair
anyway well we're talking about the
afterlife and killing ourselves because
there's an afterlife yeah yep
I hate Sandra Bullock gravity was fine
if you discovered there's an amazing
Paradise afterlife that everybody gets
to go to if you're if you're the person
is still on earth getting upset about
all the people committing suicide
you're just a fucking stick in the bud
the the fun the fun part is you discover
there's an afterlife yeah but people
have to do a very specific thing to get
into it hey guy guys listen up and you
know what no one will listen to you
stick-in-the-mud not sticking the but
sticking the butters just yeah it's
dumps an entirely different way
different as long as it's consensual
nobody cares
exactly you know maybe clean off like
make sure there's no bark on the stick
cuz you don't want to get anything stuck
up there good old dirty but mom all
right I need to concentrate
you
you
ooh ah you do eight more times oh yeah
oh good I get my prize okay got my
boomerang I'm good today exercise
forbidden knowledge example mind
parasites idea that some thoughts are
alive and eat others thoughts
eg if you think about blueness or
parasite you lose ability to thank other
thoughts well that's just nonsense in
the first place I don't I don't I don't
know how I can have a discussion about
my thoughts on this thing that doesn't
exist hey I don't know what to say about
that
twitch plays Pokemon says there's an
afterlife where you and your peer or
where you and your peers or where your
peers judge you on your life's
performance what happens after the
review what are the stakes here twitch
plays Pokemon like are there only so
many slots and you know like you have
like 10 peers but only eight of you can
get in did you ever see the highly
underrated Albert Brooks comedy
defending your life no I've never seen
that
I like Albert post well he does CZ up he
does there isn't afterlife okay and it's
like a little trial where they review
your life it's like a little court
setting and yeah whether your cowardly
on this this day yeah yeah and he's kind
of just like like a schmuck who let a
nun spectacular life and in the
afterlife he meets Meryl Streep and she
was like a frickin Saint mm-hmm you know
it's it's a neat movie about the
afterlife yeah I believe it al Brooke is
a good writer I stay in like a hotel
just like a normal hotel but all the
food is like the best food you've ever
had misty it's really good I believe it
a hundred percent believe it
Albert Brooks has some depressing movies
yes but he's also a very good writer so
I guess I like that's the point like if
we're making a fun little afterlife
premise for me you know it needs some
consequences where it's like you know
you and your 10 best friends have to
decide which 5 of you will get into the
afterlife that could be fun like that
give us some some stakes pink pink
sorry Chen says rich Skyward Sword had
mad gameplay but a good ending slash
story breath of the wild had great
gameplay but a terrible ending how would
you have liked the ending to go I wish
there was some big reveal about the bots
or something
my complaint with the ending of breath
of the wild isn't story wise story wise
I'm fine
yeah you're out then well with Zelda and
give you both free doll your obligations
have been discharged and like story wise
I like the ending my disappointment with
the ending of breath of the wild is just
the boss fight itself
oh god hey lame was that
it's a horrible Ganon is my problem with
it so I would change that you began in
boss fight is so disappointing is
terribly terribly disappointing I mean
put it but then again all of the Ganon
boss fights you're incredibly
disappointing
what do you boy wait wait wait in
general throughout the games began in
boss fights the for the for boss and
it's our began are the same fucking
thing I don't draw a line between them
all of the Ganon boss fights were lame
is what I'm saying all of the four
bosses and the final boss were lame oh
you talking about yes I talk about
across the series oh god no no no I'm
like when weak no no sorry the the
bosses in the four B's the bosses in the
beasts not the end bosses but the bosses
in general and that guy yes in breath of
the wild the bosses in the beasts and
the final Ganon are incredibly lame yes
I can see where that confusion was
hidden in breath of the wild all of the
Ganon bosses are weak
yeah don't eat me don't eat me
so it's you know that final Ganon boss
was was nothing that we hadn't already
seen as far as we've bosses but I was I
was kind of hoping that the main Ganon
would you know you know it wasn't the
worst boss fight in that game but the
other boss fights in that game were
terrible it was it was it was equal to
all the other bad boss fight I didn't
want to fight a Cronenberg monster yeah
visually I thought he was a big
disappointment
alright where's my map Ganon at the end
of route was kind of epic easy but like
epic yeah yeah it was a good fight
winwaker was a good fun winwaker
probably the best in the series Twilight
Princess has a nice little horse chase
before a great little duel oh yeah yeah
fun light Aero horse fighter horse chase
yeah that was followed by just just no
human Ganondorf sword fight I love that
this is something we bring up all the
time which is your boss fight needs to
be the same thing you've been doing all
gone but harder just a good
old-fashioned brawl oh there's a witch
ah
great which serves infants
anonymous says hey hey guys so I
revisited Prometheus recently and found
it to be enjoyable despite having many
serious flaws I don't think it's the
worst thing ever made but many people
say it is any thoughts I never saw any
reason to go see it i-i've never seen
prometheus
oh yeah too many too many blah or bad
things about it plus I just don't give
that much of a shit about alien that's
fair
oh hello hey you know and like
Prometheus I've always said the same
thing which was it was an alright movie
that fell apart in the third act yeah it
you know what it was alright the
characters acted a little dumb but these
were also characters that agreed to go
on a journey of years without knowing
what the dirt what like yob was and so's
like it made sense in their character
had one of the greatest horror scenes of
any modern sci-fi movie Metis yeah yeah
oh the the birthing scene for anyone
who's seen Prometheus the birthing scene
Wow oh it was gross like you've got a
horrible body horror a little bit a
little bit I don't want to spoil too
much well it's I'm probably not gonna
bother saying it I don't care and it's
fit it's old enough at this point so the
our main character yeah gets infected
and has an alien yeah growing in her
belly and she goes into this like a
medical tube to remove it and so it's
just like this medical tube ripping open
her belly to like are really I think I
heard about give a c-section - just like
alien baby that starts like flopping out
of her it's fantastic and then after
that scene is over the movie completely
falls apart but amazing scene amazing
scene you got to be trolling rich Evans
how could you not see Prometheus what
you got something better to do with your
time yeah I do apparently because every
time I hear people talk about the movie
it's to bitch about it
yeah it's in overall it's pretty mezzo
like you had you have you definitely
have better things to do with your life
I certainly wasn't
hold on it do-do-do-do-do-do
this is pronounced yes
the Zaius is rich there's actually more
infinity of this Marvel the end infinity
revelation infinity relativity and
infinity finale plus other stuff in the
90s like Thanos quest and infinity watch
well I'm definitely familiar with Thanos
question and finished infinity wash
Thanos quest is what directly leads to
the Infinity Gauntlet oh because he has
the gems before Infinity Gauntlet starts
Jack he gets the gems an infinity quest
Oh which is just like a fat single issue
it wasn't like an epic thing that took
years and years like it is in the Marvel
Cinematic Universe it's interesting I'm
familiar with I think I heard of
infinity abyss and Marvel the end I I
haven't heard of the other three their
revelation relativity and finale though
much maybe I'll look into I'm assuming
they're all written by Starlin the
fuckin better jim Starlin they fucking
better be we don't accept nothing but
Jim Stalin
annex 1000 says hey rich hey Jack I love
the show what a Hester who wanted to ask
your take on something in this day and
age when everything has been done where
is the line between being creative
playing homage and ripping off all of
entertainment since since they started
painting drawings and walls has been
taking work that a previous artist has
been doing and twisting it matting to it
and putting your own spin on it that's
that's the history of art it's it's
nothing new and and jokes about people
being you know creatively bankrupt aside
that of course these are all jokes that
people have done before yeah no you know
actually they're there right now I've
been reading about this that Conan
O'Brien is going to court for possible
copyright infringement yeah apparently
someone is suing Conan O'Brien and his
writing staff for stealing their jokes
this was like a joke writer who used to
like write for Jay Leno or something and
has a popular social media blog or
something and he writes topical humor
yeah
and he's pointing to like two or three
specific instances where he made a joke
about some sort of topical event and
then Conan O'Brien that night in his
monologue made a shockingly similar joke
here's the question yeah should we get
pissed at Conan O'Brien for this or the
writer or any become because like this
is like copy writing jokes and like joke
stealing is that a thing that comes up
constantly yeah you know why a lot of
people have the same ideas and a lot of
people think the same things are funny
and sometimes jokes are just structured
similarly a lot of people are too lazy
to write their own jokes or not and not
grave enough to write their own jokes
and if you spend time writing that joke
and then somebody comes along does it
people love it and get all the credit
and you get nothing I'd be pissed
I'd be pissed wait say that situation
again I don't understand the point you
write a funny joke
yeah and you're you're in relative
obscurity yeah and then someone as
famous as Conan O'Brien comes along who
already has Fame and money in a TV show
yeah
uses your joke sure he gets all of the
laughs and all of the credit yeah and
you who wrote the joke get nothing I
would be pissed now I would be pissed
now imagine this in this scenario yeah
which is the more likely scenario okay
you write a joke about something topical
right yeah here's my little joke about
something topical later that day one of
Conan's writers just so happens to write
a similar joke without knowing that your
joke exists they get all the credit well
if they didn't know your joke existed
that's and I it's hard thing to prove
and by the way that is a hard thing to
prove right that's the real question but
no no this has come up so many times
before I know back in the day there was
a giant kerfuffle about um who was it
that was stealing from louis c.k who is
the comedian that no one likes Oh hum I
know I know I know Canadians and their
and their jokes and their Joe everyone
is accused of being a joke thief of
course and and 99% of the times no one
is a joke thief they just happen to come
up with a very sad how do you know that
huh how do you know that you speak with
authority Jack Biko because later on
like like for example this louis c.k and
dane cook thank you what if the wording
is exactly the same or nearly exactly
the same which has happened of course
it's happened well so specifically louis
c.k and Dane Cook yeah Dane Cook was
accused of stealing a louis c.k joke
about scratching your itchy asshole and
it was worded very similarly and they
were they were there along the same
lines
thank cook would still an asshole joke
and eat well and here's the thing here
after the Internet
and freaked out louis c.k actually had
Dane Cook on his show and they rehash
the argument and louis c.k admitted that
no no like it didn't no of course he
didn't steal my joke people just come up
with the same joke all the time I
thought
Dane Cook said well he could have
subconsciously have have regurgitated
every thought knowing of course it's
possible yeah but this is the thing rich
the same joke can happen over and over
and over again couldn't you say the same
thing about like a a novel a short story
yeah of course and about music that
happens all the time in music like are
you ripping off this artist or did you
just happen to come up with the same
notes and so it's all about intent right
it's all about whether or not you can
prove that they saw this thing and had
the intent to steal it and if they did
that's terrible of course it's terrible
but I think more likely you will just
find that people come up with this
what's the same shit and and here's why
I speak with authority I think we've
actually talked about this before
um spontaneous creation of similar items
is something that is well-known in the
creative community and I actually got to
experience it firsthand
a lot when I was being a video screener
for Funny or Die okay so back in the day
I worked for Funny or Die and one of my
jobs was watching every video uploaded
every single day to try to find funny
user-generated content
yeah and rich I cannot tell you how many
times I would come across almost the
exact same sketch from two people who
had no connection to each other living
in different parts of the country
uploaded on the same day written
produced edited at the same time without
knowing each other almost the exact same
sketch it just happens right okay it
just happens and it's amazing just
because like there's only so many jokes
there's only so many combinations I
don't even know where this conversation
started I'm a little lost
people are saying use the wand on the
stump to change seasons
on the stump they said the stump
somebody said the stump okay hold on
there's a stump use the wand on the
stump to change its seasons oh hello I
can get on the stump but the wand
doesn't do anything people and if I want
now I think you're full of shit I can
get on the stump which I didn't know I
could do Dream Theater 13:10 by the way
by the way going back our land with us
going back to the not necessarily joke
stealing but the the creativity and
building on yeah you need to build up
okay you don't want to just do the exact
same thing somebody else has done you do
want to put your own spin on it
of course of course you want to put your
own spin on it well and that's how you
become viable as an entertainer you have
to have your own voice and even if it's
a similar joke because you're taking it
from your perspective that's what turns
you into a viable entertainer James Gunn
didn't just remake Star Wars it did this
funky thing he took he took space opera
yeah and he he gave it a James Gunn
flavoring yes he has a unique voice yes
and when I'm with it I want to make that
clear for if when Rich Evans said it's
okay to just do the same thing over and
over again
I mean rich that is kind of what you
said so
so you need to get right by you what's
going on here
all right now Dream Theater 1310 yeah my
first tip I ever heard of the movie man
from Earth movie were people in a room
listen to the story of a man who may or
may not be in a mortal very little
action my favorite movie after arrival
oh I'm sorry I have not heard of fun
I've not heard of it either and I'm
sorry I'm sorry we can't do something
more interesting for your very first tip
because neither of us have heard of this
but uh you know that's now everybody has
heard of it if it's as good as a rival I
was like I'm good
nemesis hey rich if you give Jim
sterling shit for rating vanquish a 5-10
mediocre there's a good chance of him
seeing it as he's an RL I'm fan nothing
personal Jim's a good sport but could be
an amusing bed Majan Jim sterling a do
what he wants respect him it's fine he
doesn't want like mango she doesn't have
to Jack doesn't want to like guardians
of the galaxy vol 2 it doesn't have to
was true that's true I don't have to get
with that people people like different
things it's fine and for everybody
people like different things I'm curious
why I'm sure it was reasonings were what
did what do you when he had to say about
it but I have no issue with him giving
it a 5 out of 10 and since that's what
he thought it's what he thought
obviously I think differently
Oh
Jim sterling does game reviews and
whatnot he does is the show called the
Jim quints Jim quiz ish and they go they
go rich yeah yeah he seems like a fine
dude
that Jim seems like a fine dude can't
shit
seems like a fondue that Jim sterling he
can do whatever he wants I know I know
people often get pissed at him for like
raiding games lower than they feel he
should and those people should fuck ripe
the hell off he gets to rate him however
he feels like it that's his job that's
his job if you disagree with him that's
okay people lost their shit when he gave
modern warfare 3 a nine out of 10 of
Mario Kart game a 5 out of 10
he gets to do that
that's his job just stop listening to
him if you don't agree with him just
stop listening to him what's what's
wrong with giving a Mario Kart game a 5
out of 10
temple seasons and get the power to do
oh shit I got to go back to the temple
god damn it he gets to do it every once
what the fuck is that
you gotta get enough ring the Ayatollah
of rock and roll losses ya old Greek
myth says we die are judged and can
choose the life we get to live next but
must drink from the River Styx and
forget our choice and be born knowing
you would forget what would you choose
uh I don't like the idea of
reincarnation can I just can I just hang
around heads you don't like the idea of
reincarnation if I lose everything that
makes me me what's the difference
between that and actually being
permanently dead dead dead reincarnation
is the same thing as oblivion as far as
I'm concerned you know that's a really
good point rich you lose everything
that's you you start from scratch and I
would be somebody else I wouldn't be me
right alright yeah alright I'm fair I'm
down with that I'm down with this logic
that's sound ah here it is this is where
I need to go yeah
like don't rock
Cerie chances how would you have liked
the fight Ganon should have been a three
part battle an actual duel involves
somewhere in there that would have been
great
I read that very badly an actual duel
involved somewhere in there the worst
Ganon fight would have to be Skyward
Sword imprisonment with its dumb balloon
toes you know the imprisoned fights were
dumb most things in Skyward Sword were
outside of the storytelling yeah um the
end fight was also a huge fucking
letdown - what's that let's not give
atomizer pass that was a lame fight yes
I'm big on duels honestly I would like
to see pig pig wizard Ganon in 3d they
don't have to make him look ultra
cartoony uh-huh but just that version of
Ganon the giant pig man pig pig man met
not like five stories tall just no giant
pig wizard with a trident and and magic
flying around classic oh shit not this
way you know and like to me that was the
most disappointing part of the Ganon
boss fight in breadth of the wild is we
never got to just duel him yeah there
were like you the way you fight every
other enemy in the game is just a brawl
and we don't get to do that with any of
the Ganon boss fights in breath of the
wild and I said and so your end game is
completely different than the rest of
your game and that that's no that's not
good game design your end boss does not
need to be five stories tall hey oh no
it doesn't need to be fuzzy
we've discussed we talked about this in
Bayonetta review which is like the best
fights were just the human-sized fights
yeah the duels with Jean Jean Jean no
and you know you know that what that
else reminds me of is blood-borne you
start to realize that the most dangerous
enemies in blood-borne are the man-sized
that hunters yes the other hunters yeah
like the giant beasts oh I can take care
of those all day it's it's the little
guys ah those are the ones that'll fuck
with you
and then you know if you need to have it
you need the last form you transfer you
even want to do that what they did in
breath of the well with the big pig that
just stood there and let you run around
shooting its weak spots with no response
was terrible that was absolutely
terrible guys I think you gave me some
bad advice
Cronenberg nope Cronenberg yeah would
have been my final form and I would have
had like a regular duel before that you
know what give me give me a give me a
ganondorf duel follow that up with a pig
Ganon fight like pig wizard fight sure
then you can do your Cronenberg monster
if you think you have to do the giant
thing yeah yeah that's fine give me a
duel here has to be a fun fight right
above and beyond anything else well and
even you know what even if you go
Cronenberg and like it's easy like as
long as you get that first big duel on
the way
right the fun part the fun part and then
you're like oh my that's got to be the
big powerful thing or whatever f-fine
then you go well that's icing on the
cake I beat the big powerful thing great
guys my thing's not doing anything but
that that giant pig that just stood
there it literally just stood there I
let you run around it and shoot the weak
spots god I hated that the four towers
in the corner of the temple grant what
what are you talking for these guys
anonymous says Jack wants Vince rich to
watch one punch man we almost had him on
Saturday
thanks they were watching one punch man
it's fine I'm sure it's fine um it kinda
it kind of makes fun of I get that it's
making fun of anime tropes I get that
but here's the thing if you're not
necessarily a person who's into anime
you don't care if it's making fun of
anime right so it's kind of neat but I
know I won't recommend
- because I just don't think he'll be
into it how about that okay I don't know
oh here's the thing great I don't
necessarily think rich will be into it
so I will not recommend a lava shit Jack
are we are we mortal kombat fans I'm
fine with Mortal Kombat I've never been
a huge fighting game person right but I
got to say Mortal Kombat always looked a
bit stiff compared to Street Fighter
well yeah because they had the real-life
yeah people models right that was also
the selling point of Mortal Kombat in my
heart I have more room for Mortal Kombat
because that was the arcade cabinet
closest to my grade school
and so after school we would go to the
local burger place that had Mortal
Kombat and I would play Mortal Kombat
but and no specific no specific love for
Mortal Kombat uh dingus no one punch man
is not a single joke stretched for 12
episodes it is a single joke replayed in
12 episodes huh boom the sick burn for
one punishment it's the same joke over
and over yeah he's really strong he
can't be defeated and every episode
they're like well how about this guy
yeah we can't be defeated stuff how this
damn still can't be these season I get
it yeah I get it
exactly I haven't seen it and I get it
that's why I'm not going to recommend it
to you rich you won't care do you get
phrases and the snow piles of dead three
spirits - please hurry
it's fine and but like I didn't I didn't
hate it as much as I thought I would
hate it one punch man but the joke gets
old and a lot of it like there was that
one episode there's that one episode
which was basically just the writer
masturbating all over the screen which
was like the episode was about like
doing what you wanted to do creatively
without listening to the haters it's
just like come on man come on so it's a
fine show I know season two is coming to
is coming out soon and you know could be
fun could be fun that
ridding the Nostromo one yeah I don't
quite get them it looks like a joke
it is the appearance of being a joke
yeah well it's not really a joke but
decide decide for yourselves everybody
epic Jason X 9000 and the chat says rich
and Jack would you say that the reason
why the alien stock the crew in the
original 1979 alien was bit was because
it was a Nostromo sexual like other than
other than just shoving Nostromo and
homosexual together in one word is there
any kind of joke there right because
like the alien wasn't there to have sex
with anything or we IWI's maybe we just
don't get it oh poor epoch Jason axe I'm
so sorry we just don't get it we just
don't get it we're huge we're huge jerks
I'm sorry
it was a facehugger thing I still don't
necessarily get it but hey you do you
man you do you alright but I think I'm
done you're done you're done I think
that's all i can Zelda is it 11:00 oh my
god
it is 11:00 is after 11:00 was bliss
flew by that well we had a lot to do
there you know there's a lot to discuss
and a lot to disagree about which which
makes the but I'm just a fool sing right
by we're going to save this before
before we forget if I remember how to
save area rich are you going to see
covenant I don't know why I would I saw
alien 1979 yeah so I feel like I've
already seen it like I might watch it
when it comes to video on-demand I'm not
gonna rush out and go see it cuz it's
like yeah I like alien
I like aliens the other one's kind of
like fine yes fine
I'm not an alien fan so much as I am an
alien's fan right and you like to be
more action-adventure right and it looks
like they're going more the horror route
again yeah I just don't care right and I
like the horror one but I also already
have that one like I can just watch
alien it was it was a fine movie but I
don't need to see in a different version
of the same thing right
with that the traveller speaks I've seen
big man Japan it's very strange
it's very very strange and the ending
kind of saves it and makes you love it
but the whole thing is just too weird
just it's just so weird
alright so you gotta get a navigate as
to them the subscribers oh shit
alright it's not gonna be on that one
go okay here here is the point in the
stream at the end of the string at the
end of the string where we read the
names of people who have subscribed
tonight and hope they they keep us doing
what would platitudes thank you give us
some money keep giving us money we need
more money
thank you and we're gonna read we're
gonna read the names now as we end the
stream it's true that's exactly what
we're gonna do
much like sabio Freston terre de coeur
says penis hehehe I'm glad you got that
one heliosphere 1969
cinnamons is wait I'm mod for free and
pay you every month no wonder I didn't
go to business school keep up the good
work
hack of frauds and we know what cinnamon
we really do appreciate it Thank You
Oliver months
Oliver months and now with our mod BOTS
to where we're worth morning we're
having way too much fun
vx 1 a 3 5 and Sifl oppa thetic this new
subscriber for 13 months in a row and
this new subscriber says rich while Jack
had had had had had head had had had had
had a better effect on the chat bunch of
pricks ok rotoscope ik says today I
decided not to don't about things I
don't like I have learned lessons of
life twats that's the only lesson that
matters clone 27:27 for 14 months in a
row and clone 2727 says jack emulators
are already proven to be legal in court
see sony vs. connects which is right
yeah edgar allen hope oh
speaking hope oh did I mention that risk
of rain - is there working on that you
mentioned that you meant that last dream
you can mention it again if you want
we're they're working on risk green to
third person risk of rain were since
we're yeah yeah that's what it looks
like so I mean it could change sure but
you know the team's back together that's
great a horrible glory for 30 fucking
months in a row and a horrible glory
says they remodeled my towns Taco Bell
and it looks like and it looks all
futuristic and modern now I call it our
demolition man talk about now
salutations beer coaster the boo na
Blowfish runner kaleidoscopic 20 master
kenobi double-oh-seven for 35 fucking
months in a row six yeah so close let's
have cancer
I was we've established cancer gets you
I know I was I was a month or as we were
fireworks right I bag of fireworks or
yeah Master Kenobi double-oh-seven says
you guys are the best thanks for all the
good times
Chernobyl kinsmen for 25 fucking months
in a row in Chernobyl kinsman says hey
Jax
could you tell rich that vanquish is
coming to PC please no I won't reach
will be kept in the dark
Lindsay yo yo yo OOP
get over there Mouse Frisco Jones for 33
fucking months in a row John Elway's
teeth says six days till Twin Peaks
motherfuckers there's so much good stuff
out new season a sense eight just came
out
goddamn since it's a greatest show I'm
supposed to find time for prey
you gotta find time for prey you also
need to watch all of Firefly I've also
heard some
people talk very positively about
Stargate you should look into that and
if you have times there's some other
stuff we can talk about dots 85 yeah you
know III I have to spend my free time
watching JFK assassination conspiracy
videos Jack that's what I need to do
why is then that's this once wedding
video you have a free time for Jack I
don't care about you your brand-new
things I want to hear about things that
are 50 years old that's what I want to
hear about I did get led down the
YouTube rabbit home to the JFK
conspiracy theory what I saw one
innocent video there's like a 50s game
show I think you know forget what they
called it you know what's my live they
where they had to guess what a person
did and turn out they were the last
living witness to the Lincoln
assassination okay so the related videos
like next thing that came up was about
the JFK assassination and that just it's
snowballed and that's happened what I
what I came out of this with is don't
look at JFK autopsy pictures after you
have just eaten you could fucking shove
your fist in that thing it was not
pleasant that's 85 exclamation point wet
ass bean if that's a penny Pro letes
says I'm a little bit country X arena X
ah just this guy you know for 29 fucking
months in a row and just this guy know
says our months still month length I
feel like we just did this get an old
man that's what it feels like when you
get old
Eve what do we had - oh you old I'm
sorry Darkwing schmuck kaleidoscopic 20
says hi rich hi jack thank you for the
hours of entertainment and why
after but will you guys be seeing alien
covenant this weekend no evil Lord David
says hey guys David here for seven
months in a row I hope you had a
wonderful Mother's Day absolutely yeah
you know I think I'm gonna spend this
weekend and just catch up on some shows
just some classic TV shows you know
zat's
for seven No well for seven months in a
row I've already said it's ads you got
it you got it I said it I wasn't
supposed to say it we don't usually say
it until he gets twelve months in a row
but I said it and I'm sorry I said it
I'm not by also I'm not sorry thanks for
sticking around zat's did you read what
they said only twenty nine months to go
until I get confetti bruiser Nick
berserk Inc oh wait why is it no there's
no there's no it can't be bruiser
because there's no y so just bruster ink
presser ring yes sir ink or bruss rink
could be could be G shots 432 fucking
months in a row says 32 months my god
what have I done with my life
thanks for all the entertainment oh said
land Raziel is in a capital i it's got
me Noah get start with lowercase that's
land Raziel or i and a raisin which
makes less sense
everyone seems like the lowercase I'm
assuming they can't capitalize there's
something that's is its lands room sure
sure that's what I'm going with
she says oh boy two months wiretap 804
gents rowboat Oh for 20 fucking months
in a row - you scrolled it and I started
reading the wrong line because you were
scrolling cuz I finally two months I
thought you were dumb once I thought you
were done so I was trying to efficiently
scroll so I could be at the top rich
gosh darn it Johnson 89 for 20 fucking
months in a row and Johnson says I wish
twitch would show me it was my 20th
anniversary not just tell me ah
ah I don't know I feel like this is a
rational argument just a lot of uh bait
bait basically just boils down to I
don't want everyone to have a fucking
monologue and I don't feel like this
that's like too harsh of a criticism for
movies okay okay um we're way out dark
okay dark matter
4:22 fucking mutt cirrhosis yay auto-pay
does the work prereq plays the games yo
yo
the infamous toad and the infamous toad
says now I can spam a Rich's head
everywhere I go you can I don't
understand what that means
slurm dip Oh probably the mogees then
what else yeah
there's my name is son of Oishi she's
for the colors emojis na'kal emojis in
the chat the things that come up the
icons they good then I got a different
name this is just an emoji it's not a
badge it's a I think it's an emoji all
right okay I know I've also forgot boats
yes Nemo thank you oh yeah so you just
learned it by eye father you didn't firm
dip than you I don't remember
no I didn't I don't think I did you
wanted you to die the infamous toad yeah
I did no one did flow in depth oh yes
you said I did it but I didn't do it I
did the one above that I thought you did
for learn them I just did it now I know
somebody did okay
Blowfish runner come cretin - Dax for 28
fucking months in a row says mantis is
my waifu Shaq so da um big fat man
eight seven three for 14 months in a row
Lloyd beets for thirty two fucking
months in a row says missed a couple of
stream
as I've been hooked into pray lately but
had to login to re-up the sub I've heard
great things and you know I didn't
really like that dishonored some you
know maybe maybe in eight years I'll get
into that pray right after all right
after I played The Witcher 3 we play
number don't tease them Dumpty's in
eight years
don't tease them act don't tease them
years they're good people they don't
deserve that kind of treatment
blame five says thanks for the
discussion of guardians of the galaxy -
I thought there was too much exposition
as well but it didn't ruin the movie for
me and yeah maybe it was just I was
feeling that day I don't know like I
said I was super hyped to see it fine if
you if you didn't love it more than
anything
I did have to see in 3d which is usually
a damn why would you do that
it was a here's we had a tough decision
to make
yeah yeah we could either see it at our
local theater the theater that is down
the street from us in which afterwards
we could immediately walk to our friends
house to get our kids or drive to go see
it I was going to see it on Friday with
with with Karen yeah I you know I wasn't
dumb I bought the tickets online
of course her like the fourth up say
4:30 I think it's about what do I show
sure and you know Karen's tarde she got
home 4x when I'm take a nap theaters not
too far away sigh I set her alarm for
like you know half an hour before short
a short time she get up from a nap just
get ready record absolutely this is fine
so I said our alarm for so I'm sitting
down after those I'm in the other room
playing strafe and time goes by and you
know Karen comes out she's ready to go
and I notice it's it's like 5 o'clock Oh
God and I'm like she got up I share the
alarm she got up she got dressed and she
didn't say anything she did not say a
word
did you know if I'm away she might have
forgot I don't think she's like why
don't you sit alarm I did I said it for
you why did you set one for you cuz I
figured what you were up you will
tell me when you're ready to go she's
playing some animal crossing I don't
know what was your walk on the plate
animal crossing so I got these tickets
we can't use is we already missed most
of the movie we go to the theater and
they let us exchange him but I was like
the action was we could have saw we
could have saw it in 3d right then yeah
I came back the next damn day we had a
ton we had a really tough call to make
our local theater was only playing it in
3d and the other option was Drive Oh God
I don't want it like we and we can walk
to that theater yeah
or drive 20 minutes to see it at the FNX
Theatre and so I was like all right
we'll see it well I'd Drive the 20
minutes that's like if I stop seeing
movies at my local theater it might stop
existing so it's like I gotta go there
every once in a while kind of let him
know I don't want to see this in 3d oh I
wrote them an email you wrote them in
email yeah it was not happy that I wrote
them in me no no that was the right
thing of course it was the right thing
like I'm a customer and I need to make
this decision
absolutely yeah I felt like I felt bad
but you know not bad enough not to write
it so where'd we leave off I blame five
so you're on this I use your name for 31
fucking months in a row lavender or
lavender lavender dark nights tell a
frank 82 which is about 12 years too
soon for the first tell afraid ever
alien Oh seven says beautiful dark
sci-fi neo-noir
nope lol robot Judge Dredd shoots dick
for me please all right 'get on for 33
fucking months in a row seven of
Borgnine says help me Rhonda help help
me Rhonda help me obi-wan to help help
me Rhonda get her out of my heart
slosh from DuckTales
for thirty one fucking months in a row
cat fool ooh and nobody else because
that was the last Oh doctor thank you
for subscribing to do fucking song as
fuck it just seemed like that was a to
talk thing situation right to
authorities alright
