Episode 783
More STRAFE (Part 1)
June 25, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GY-0kWZZcLk
___________________________________________

out you publicly sold carrot all about
that I know about Ben it's hot you like
hearing about a hot hot gay action
involving me is that what you like
hurrying about sure why not
so house house was life life has been
very interesting since I moved to
Wisconsin oh my god this way to love as
you know already but they don't um
thought they might not it's called a
recap yeah called a recap um at the egg
is coming they started early next night
here yet and I'm leaving relatively
early jerry karnes leaving relatively
early us I'm like you know we'll just
start so uh let's see uh end of July I
left my job in Illinois and I came up
here and I got myself a job at Amazon
and nothing against their employees
nothing against their managers I mean
really I had no problems with him but
hello but I just didn't like the work I
was a store and the fuck is a store a
store is at Amazon docket at the world
yes in Kenosha yeah and there's a little
bit of a commute to plus it was up it
was a ten-hour day with a half-hour
lunch so ten and a half hour day in
about an hour commute when you count
both ways and it was about to get into
prime and prime means what is what prime
means that you're so there were nothing
to do with Amazon Prime right prime peak
I call it prime know has nothing to do
there was on front P they were map to
because you're thinking about am some
preppy yes why I had to jump in and help
y'all yeah I needed a Jose got that one
really wrong I did I did I wasn't going
on trick but when you stole you you scan
denied a box and you scant scan the well
I would like a tote and you scan what's
inside of it and then you scan where
you're going to put it because these
robots bring you these big at the
magical emulation warehouse cubby things
what's a cubby thing
what's it what you know I can't think of
what they called him like a thing of a
shelves it was uh it was made of cloth
and it and it had sort of like a closet
cube with about 10 times as many slots
and most of them were filled and he had
to try to find a place to put whatever
shit they gave you in slots and scan it
for ten hours a day or 11 hours a day if
it was busy four days a week five days a
week I've heard of some people work
doing doing stuff six days a week I
can't imagine they were stowing I didn't
enjoy it and I didn't absolutely need to
do it so I got out of that and I went
and got myself a job in the industry
that I've been working in down there and
while I was in the interviewing process
for that a lady at my church said how
how important to you is it that you get
the job that you're interviewing for
because she knew I was interviewing for
a job and I said a grocery store you get
the grocery store yeah and because
that's where I had been working for I'd
working in grocery stores I've done
other things but I've in recent years
I've been working in grocery stores down
there and I said well you know I'd like
to get it but but if I don't get it I'm
sure I'll find something else and she
told me about a job where she was
working in the healthcare industry and I
thought well you know most of my
experiences in retail I do have some
healthcare experience I'll give it a
shot in the meantime I was also
interviewing you know as far as grocery
work and getting in a union honestly the
union stores are and I speak in other
dimensions the audio bed is that better
what's bad with the audio who's bad are
you quiet on my loud so totally confused
Tobin the nomes that he worked at a
grocery store cleaning up the meat
department at night wow I hope you're
better than this this guy we had down in
Illinois who got so happy with the water
that there were sparks shooting six feet
out of the electrical outlet they had to
call the fire department because nobody
that was there at the time knew where
the breaker was
but I digress so so I got my job job at
the grocery store and before I even
started at the grocery store the day
actually the same day I got my schedule
for the grocery store I got a call from
the other job which you know was
full-time with benefits and higher pay
and so basically the first day I went to
the grocery store I actually started at
my shift the people were really nice I
got along great with them and I said I
hate to tell you this but I'm pretty
sure I have another job pending my
pending my drug test and background
check which I knew wouldn't be an issue
there weren't they weren't bad to you
you're only there a couple weeks oh yeah
no I I like the grocery store again only
there one week I was there two weeks and
the you know the manager wish me luck
and said they'd be happy to have me back
but so now I'm certain you know what is
their damn fault they made you wait so
long just have to interview this is true
if they hadn't if they had if the
grocery store I went there the one day
for an interview and then they're like
we'll come back tomorrow because the
store managers here so I came back the
next day it was local fortunately and
he's like well can you come back the
next day the man when the bakery
managers here and so by the time the
grocery store and they're like well
we'll get back to you because I had
previous experience and they were going
to start me at higher than the than the
starting rate but they had to get
approval from their HR and then because
it was the same corporation I'd worked
for before they had to transfer my
information over so by the time the the
be a myth one of the largest grocery
chains in the country by the time this
BMF got itself sorted out um you saying
behemoth behemoth yeah getting be a myth
there's something weird by the time the
behemoth headed stuff sorted out um yeah
I got a I got an offer that was a better
offer so I told the grocery store I said
um you know I'm sorry because I knew
they were short-handed and everything
and I did the best you know I worked all
the shifts I was scheduled all the hours
I was scheduled I left them in the best
shape that I could leave them in
but I'm like you know I'm going to be
I'm going to be leaving you guys in two
weeks assuming that nothing goes wrong
with the background track of the drug
tests but I don't you know I haven't
done anything that would make one not
pass that it would have to be a false
positive or something you know I just
don't have any criminal record or
anything so I knew I would
99.99% pass that and I did so I started
this was I'm in the middle of my fourth
week at this new job and they are are
training me because it's it's kind of
technical and yes it was kind of very
technical um and I spent some days
training in a classroom and some days
doing the hands-on at the at the
facility but it's something completely
different for me and I I'm used to
knowing my shit because I was in the
same industry for a long time I'm not
even wanting to do honestly yeah yeah oh
yeah I I like science I like medicine
I'm a big nerds but but it's it's a lot
to take in
it's you know these these things are so
people get into this as a college thing
and you know it's a whole program but
they're trying to cram most of learning
into a couple weeks
yeah I'm richest fiance hi I'm Karen for
those who don't know and so you're right
you're you know okay you moved up here I
did you've got a job now I do you're
running out of excuses
I am now I gotta get used to this job
right now I oh oh I see how it works no
I see no I mean you know I mean
sometimes some days I wonder you know
are they gonna keep me I just feel I'm
used to knowing I know I'm used to
knowing my shit and a lot of my
classmates it's like their parents do it
or they've done it before at another
place but this is this is something
totally new for me and it's a lot of
information but you'll feel better about
what you're doing yeah
yeah yeah I I get to actually help
people directly whereas that there were
there were although you know in the
grocery industry you do get to help
costing help them find stuff and but so
a lot of times it feels like your the
job a lot of times it feels like you're
the Minute Man in order to help the
employer pick their pockets and it
didn't help that they would have like
daily meetings where they would talk
about their financials every morning it
it's like how does that affect me I'm
just stocking and ordering for one
department I'm going to do that the best
I can and if that helps you meet your
goals yeah and if your goals aren't met
well I'm the small part of that
so Karen is bonafide and rich stay out
of the Woolworths I don't have
Woolworths is Woolworths anymore does it
even mean there's a well it's a like a
grocery what it is department store in
like England or something maybe here
somewhere at some point I think they
were here at some point we're under 50
if we don't remember
well where's used to be here in the UK
the only thing I know it used to be in
the UK because there was a song called
warrior and Woolworths by x-ray specs
and polystyrene was singing it and and
polystyrene is my hero this this chubby
Acme written English girl
some people think little girls should be
seen and not heard but I think I'll
bondage up yours
one two three four seriously I love
polystyrene you just sing all stream
that's all anything Lord I think they
already know I can't oh that was
adorable what we just got read it was
absolutely adorable
whoa t-34 but so she said it one two
three four she went way up on the floor
I need tiny Jamie do wrong I wanna be a
victim to you all Oh bondage hope yours
yeah polystyrene sir rocks but uh so
yeah that's where my
is um planet crap Oh No we signed our we
signed our lease we were for our current
residence not too long ago and I had
they've turned it all to being on
computers we should which wants to go to
a gay bar Richmond go to a gay bar
I'm not worried about rich but um have
fun gay bars can be a good time I've
heard I've actually never been to one
but I wouldn't mind it but anyway um oh
yeah so so like it's all online in hell
night but it's a it's all online and
they've like moved it to like rent cafe
or whatever so you have to renew the
lease online you spell to just go to
their office sign you sign the fucking
the fucking thing but now they want
everything to be online in theory they
want like all of your like maintenance
requested stuff to be online too but
it's just easier to just be that much
hotter than a door than me yeah they've
been pretty good I mean I did that one
last time we had a we had a maintenance
request I mean yeah the air conditioning
we got to get on them because they have
not fixed it adequately last year and I
was getting warmer but less than we had
a maintenance request 600 all last year
despite numerous lines but I don't know
why you wanted to stay there we had the
issue with the closet because moving is
a pain in the ass and it's close to work
the biggest reason is living is a pain
in the ass of you if you came up with if
you did some some legwork and said look
at this place we can get this that's
better in this way for that much you
know I would be open to suggestions but
um so anyway they want you to sign up
online so I tried to do this it didn't
work I went to their office I said I
tried to do this it didn't work they
said well you got to go here I went
there I tried to do it it didn't work I
go back to their office and I'm like
well it's not working so they sat me
down they kind of walked me through it I
knew what I was doing I tried to sign on
I said well it's
saying that my registration code doesn't
match my name okay so so they print me
out a piece of paper with my code and it
says dear lastname firstname and I'm
like okay you know I mean what my last
name and my first name and so it I said
is there any possibility that you guys
in your system have my last name as my
first name and they did Terrell they're
just boobs yeah so you know once they
straighten that out I was able to sign
onto the rent cafe but I still had to
sign my lease as my last name and then
my first name I said do you guys care
and they said well not really I said
well I don't care either
let's let's talk about something that's
really important like what guardians of
the galaxy's yes what did you think is
already in the galaxy flame - yes thank
you for stepping all over my life ooh
let's try to segue something serious we
have signed a segue into a joke you shit
just shit all over it rent by choice
shit all over my joke
I enjoyed it it was sorry well what were
you get what you got to say would you
late now the size of your underwear or
something is what's what's more
important I don't know something you
know no no kiss joke we got to talk
about something more important guardians
of the galaxy use it you ruined it that
took about what now you're talking about
my underwear size you're surprised
enough what is what she's talking about
guardians of the galaxy - for fuck's
sake
okay I liked it I did it was it was
humorous as always I I still can't look
at the blue guy can't think of his name
terrible name John Doe was had his name
the one with the bow Hawkeye whistling
at the arrows thing I still can't look
at him in that thing Merle from The
Walking Dead but other than that and he
may not be typecast that wait everybody
else might just be me but uh the whole
concept of him being like a cancer and
the ridiculous
basically quoting of brandy or a fine
girl I totally gave you credit in the
chat last stream about noticing that ego
was like cancer I thought that was like
you know
point you know why that's okay cuz
that's how the mother died yeah the
mother died of cancer yeah and he was
like cancer he was spreading everywhere
he wanted everything to be him and he
had no interest in and in anything else
yeah he was he was like a cancer and
yeah Mary Poppins that very fucking
papads I've seen some cute parody things
of that on Facebook recently
what are my top three films that's a
great question
I have no idea what your top three are I
don't know um I have to say I'm very
fond of airplane cheesy as it is surely
you can't be serious
I am serious and don't call me Shirley
should've guessed her reply I really
like Monty Python and the Holy Grail and
yeah maybe I've Princess Bride maybe
almost certainly Neil yeah I would say
maybe the Princess Bride airplane and
and Bonnie Python and the Knights who
sing the airplane never gets old
it's just timeless in utterly ridiculous
when just one for the zipper I think my
favorite part of airplane is where the
automatic pilot is deflating yes she
gets her blow job no she's giving him a
blow job Lynette I think it's one see
like the tout like for years I I only
saw it on television
I'm almost we had a copy of it you're
that's taped off the television so I
never got to see until really not that
many years ago the the bit I mean he had
all the things looks like I fix picked
the wrong week to stop but the sniffing
glue one where they turn the camera
upside down that was a nice surprise
oh my god they're saying it's airplane
one is the olive oil one yeah and then
at the end of the movie he pushes a
button and there's like a girl auto
pilot next to him and his name when they
do the credits his name is Otto I guess
isn't I don't I like it it looks like I
picked the wrong week to quit smoking
sniffing glue run amphetamine oh no he
does Maul and apparently he tried to
quit them all at once and it was wrong
week maybe every week's the wrong week
yeah Roger Roger
over over Clarence Clarence what's our
vector Victor creme abdul-jabbar was
wearing his shorts his lazy butts yeah
and their list of the symptoms of the
guys go through it at the same time when
we were the eggs in her mouth and but
they did that a virgin see they're all
climbing on each other and oh and the
woman they're all lined she's hysterical
so they're all lined up first they're
slapping her than they're punching her
and there's a lot of people with
baseball bats and shotguns it's a great
movie all right this run new run new run
damn it the naked one gun movies are
good too fantastic
Naked Gun movies are fantastic what was
the one that they had that was kind of
like a golf ball era it wasn't as good
but it's hot shot yeah remember that one
thinking that one was okay but not as
good
they're saying finish a run damn it I
was almost dead that run soul plane I
heard you want to finish your run suck
on that
suck on that in soul plane does everyone
speak jive
Wow wait for me to move that's a good
point airplay is a rare example the
scoop whoever you know have to be
familiar with the source material a lot
of it's just universal like smoking or
non-smoking the ticket smoking which is
95 percent spite what's the other 5%
water part oh look you you know these
people don't forget things I know that's
why I said it we say you're 50 50
percent concentrated power of will
yeah we got a tip from Brook Jaeger he
said he recently saw Star Trek for the
first time because Star Trek I don't
know and it's got a diverse movie or or
the the Neuse the first one in the new
series world war they say was like ah an
enterprise s3 is better the Voyager
except the doctor and a lot of Deep
Space nine religion plot tomorrow our
work forward to Muslim and tomorrow
they're having another surgery um well
they said which is a chart track for the
one time because a broken leg and
enterprise s3 is better than Voyager
except the doctor and a lot of ds9
religion plot yeah
tomorrow is my second surgery wish me
luck good luck to you I hope you heal
quickly I saw Star Trek for the first
time because broken leg and enterprise
season three is better than Voyager
except the doctor and a lot of deep
space 9 or legend plot okay so the
abbreviations are throwing up I do TM RV
tomorrow I thought tomorrow Oh tomorrow
is there second to Jurassic but lot of
second surgery wish me luck
oh well Meccans good luck yeah good luck
I'd like this to a Star Trek they just
stick a like a injector on the side of
your neck in turn eight your leg would
be fixed probably do you have any
Germany Star Trek opinions um well I
like next gen better than the original
but I like them both have you seen any
of the other ones
I've seen some of the enterprise ones
with the guy from quantum leap baccala
yeah I like them I know I know they
haven't been especially popular
I've seen some understatement I've seen
some deep space I've seen a few episodes
of other Star Trek's and they didn't
really grab me
well voyagers terrible but I definitely
love next-gen and I grew up watching
Star Trek fuck me my awful runs but I am
as big a Star Trek fan as Mike probably
not know I'm I'm a casual fan I'll admit
it I'm not like a die-hard knows every
single episode number by heart
I love Star Trek and I'm a terrific fan
as Mike yeah oh yeah do I joy it sure
can I name the major characters yeah I
guess I know it's like the internet you
know it's like are you a fan of
something well are you a big enough fan
of something you know if you're asking
that question probably not but I like it
oh the trouble with tribbles anytime I
see anything that looks remotely like a
Tribble I think Tribble Koosh balls
dribbles
all right so yeah I was play a little
bit more recklessly okay
fucking they're hoping for a live
reaction video of rich getting annoyed
watching the Star Trek Discovery trailer
is that another movie in a TV show
they're bringing out another TV show yes
straight to CBS's special to eat
streaming website is this Oh does that
mean they're gonna interrupt it with
commercials every five minutes
um probably not it's on their streaming
site but you're gonna have to pay like a
monthly oh so it's like a Netflix yeah
somebody says it's a gritty sea boot is
it is it like a next-gen era is it like
classic Trek or like a spec okay it's
supposed to please it's supposed to be
before the original series but the art
design looks like whatever the fuck it
wants I want to see a series with
Captain Christopher Pike the Adventures
of Captain Pike and ever you're never
going to say I liked that up Jeffrey
hunter has been dead for a while I know
it wouldn't be played by Jeffrey hunter
unless it's a zombie flick probably
wouldn't have much luck there either I
have no idea zombie flicks don't use
actual zombies no what's up with that
it's all smoke and mirrors kid you could
have a great posthumous career as a
zombie put some strings out well you
know what you can't actually now that I
think about you can they did it with
Peter Cushing who isn't Cushing's
disease no no Peter Cushing he's he
started a movie recently good 20 years
after he died oh the Admiral high bar or
whatever his name is
Tarkin yeah that was it
oh shit it says they have Pike and Star
Trek mm I oh yeah they did didn't they
yeah he's not a star no then I'm
assuming they had somebody else claims -
the hunter would been pretty old by then
if he wasn't dead by then I don't know
what he meant well we died in a car
accident like 70s Oh 60s possibly even
laid six okay so he never lived easy
yeah you know what he didn't play Kirk
yeah well you know he what you know why
Jeffrey hunter did not star and Star
Trek the original series
I don't Christopher Pike um his wife
walked into the studio walk of the Gene
Roddenberry and said my husband Jeffrey
hunter is a movie star not a television
star his wife wouldn't let him do it
what is his movie career didn't do
anything after that he he died in a car
wreck filming some shitty Italian movie
he died years later died during the film
years later I only was doing those when
they were shooting when I was in Italy I
think it was in Italy because of some
kind of movie well I hope she's happy
Wow sure I'm sure she was delighted when
her husband died in auto way after
missing out on starring in Star Trek
virtually series I'm stray be sure water
she was delighted Chuck and then they
came up with Shatner who's who's shatter
uh a joke but he made it work he did
remarkably cuz he's fever chapped if you
ever watch the the pilot for Star Trek
the cage Jeffrey hunter would have been
fine
oh yeah it'd have been slightly
different totally it would not have been
because he was genders a fucking ham
well Shatner was like space cowboy yeah
and a hunter was like more like Picard
you know the results more cerebral yeah
more mature he actually seemed to be
bothered by people dying through words
Spock on it
non cartoony way yeah in a serious
nuanced fun these people are done you
probably would have sung better to
couldn't sing it all rocking man you
ever hear shet Nimoy sing he's done a
Baggins singing I don't think I've heard
that particular thing and then there's
uh what he sings he seems sings of Bilbo
Baggins song I'll have to look that up
cuz I know whatever I heard him saying
it wasn't that him and uh it's the guy
who's the guy that I can't think it the
Baywatch guy SSS Hoff has a law here
he's pretty bad too
I don't I don't know if he just thinks
people abide in any way because I'm
famous or if because he's famous people
are afraid to tell him that he maybe is
not the best singer people like him in
Germany he said hunter was too Vulcan
Nimoy yeah wouldn't have anyone to play
off well yeah I mean I know I don't know
that that that Hunter was too Vulcan I
mean there was emotion there but but I I
suppose there is an interesting contrast
between Nimoy and shatner because
Shatner is yeah so Shatner and and
Nimoy's character is Spock that's true
I'd still be really curious to see an
alternate universe where Jeffrey hunter
started the original series
I would like as an alternate universe I
would love I would love to see how that
turned out more than you wanted the
alternate universe where you're a
billionaire well yeah yeah cuz I'm not
gonna be in the alternate universe when
I'm a billionaire it's gonna be some
other me that's sure yes some other use
a billionaire who's watching Jeffrey
hunter and reruns of Star Trek because
you know it doesn't have to be only one
thing change
fuck me an alternate universe for ds9
was actually good yeah this night was
good I don't know what you're talking
about
I've only seen a limited number of them
that's fine show it's a very different
show I mean I've spent most of my life
without cable it's a very different show
Star Trek is about peace and humanity
overcoming things and Deep Space 9 is
about specifically not that war and
humanity doing the same shit over and
over again that sounds a lot like a real
world war and politics and technology
fails us we got to fall back on religion
to save us hmm yes start to start to
truck next gen was was kind of avowedly
atheist yes blatantly and sometimes
sometimes blatantly sometimes more than
blatantly yeah times almost judgmentally
my favorite Star Trek The Next
Generation episode is about Captain
Picard trying to stop a primitive
culture from forming religion well
you're not religious I I don't know that
that religion is always bad no I don't
know that I think humans
he's find a way to screw up religion but
then humans find a way to screw up just
about everything I will I will tease you
and religion but no I don't think I know
every aspect of religion is terrible and
everyone is religious is stupid I don't
think these things I really don't
Star Trek is solving problems in math
facing long-term consequences ds9 you
face those consequences oh boy do they
face them no see Star Trek isn't about
not facing the consequences Star Trek is
about we already took care of the
problems and the consequences Oh every
time we warp we're like polluting the
universe and we're gonna rip the frat
buddies I'm lousy I'm never lettin it
again it was one lousy episode of TV TIG
will never mention it again bgb if rich
and I had everything in common that
would just make life for ring we did
nothing to tease each other about
where's Jack Jack's coming no beer
oh there's Tiberius Kirk Kirk claims no
they did mention it again for the rest
of season seven and in Voyager and it
sucked season seven of which next-gen I
don't know I don't know if I've ever
even seen all of the episodes of
next-gen I've certainly it's not that
common that I look in someone's watching
one and I haven't seen it but there may
be somebody haven't seen I know rich
rich likes to watch stuff while he's
falling asleep and he's probably seen
them all of which next-gen you've got a
lifetime yeah yeah I've seen all of the
x-gen yes I don't know if I have or not
I mean it's I can't really remember the
last time I saw one and it was one that
I had never seen but it could happen
I should literally sit into Jack until
he gets here I mean I should act like
Jack hi I don't know how to talk like
Jack I used to but I used to be a
wedding DJ and when I was really hungry
like if v if the wedding party wasn't
generous and they didn't feed me I'd go
to the bartender and I'd get I get a
coke and ask the bartender to put his
money olives in there as he could and
turn out to puke
for the record I'm gonna have got
something I'm not normally this bad but
when you're streaming and talking you're
your concentration isn't fully where it
needs to be yeah we're looking for some
game that I could play but all of them
were either going to take forever to
download or I'd never played them before
and I didn't know if I would like them
and he's like well we just ran with you
before you'll play so yeah I've met its
annual completely lose interest
yeah very good buy something while you
talk I'll gets like I'll get fixated on
one game and play it a lot otherwise I'm
not much of a gamer like for the last
few months it's been Animal Crossing
although I'm starting to get a little
over that one why I'm gonna get to use
the desk play some of that Zelda game
maybe maybe
well like glad she does haven't been
able to do much because I accidentally
stole my sold my shovel hey accidentally
accidentally stole no I actually sold my
shovel in one of the stores so I have to
wait for a shovel to come up again so
I'm just kind of like oh other shelves
in the store no in the
interesting in the store no ok close it
but I but there's I haven't done it for
a full year yet so there's a bunch of
like different daily things that come up
that I haven't done yet like so right I
only want to see the 4th of July things
and right now it's just a miserable
grind is what you're telling me it's
been a short grind because I haven't
really been bothering with it because
they don't have a shovel oh I'm gonna
get the golden shovel one of these days
because every day I've been buying a bag
of fertilizer and I think that's how you
get the golden shovel virtual world
problems they said I'm not the real
Karen why I don't know
this is strafe is playing you well I'm
like 5 feet away from him strafe is
playing I have no idea I figured you'd
know what that meant I have heard about
the animal crossing music plug in the
place time and season appropriate music
in my browser and one of these days I
got to finish setting up my computer so
that I can have a windows-based computer
and then I can do it right now I've been
working on my chrome box don't play up
the ladder journal and shoot and in the
chrome box is kind of delightfully half
hassle-free I mean I'll give it that
it's bomb-proof and it's it's virus
proof but you can't really install
software on it oh it just occurred to me
he's brick Jagger like like Mick Jagger
what the guy who gave us the tip earlier
Oh
so is he a lego fan I'm asking him I
know you don't know
there's so much this egg bot says the
pastime on the farm
Jack could go out and check corn for fun
tip cows I saw a thing about that and
they were saying it would be really hard
to tip cows
the biggest reason being that cows would
just kind of move their legs so that
they would keep their balance to say
what you did if somebody get a small was
trying to you know if a child was trying
to tip you over you wouldn't stand with
your legs right together you'd be like
okay well I'm going to widen my stance
or I'm going to move over this way a
little bit I'm going to Gore you with my
horns now maybe not yeah that's exactly
hack beware when I've heard you
you really can't tip a cow unless you
know who was in the wrong cow jackpot is
not a person hack bot is a program
that's saying pre-recorded lines is it
yes Wow usually it's quotes of things
we've said on the stream before so
you're not having an actual discussion I
just want you to know this before this
goes on much longer I had to stop you
having a conversation hey you know what
hack bought it it passes the Turing test
so there's that the Turing test is is
that you can't tell it from a person
yeah well just because I can't tell it
from a person may be normal people can
this is just Karen you're good normal
people mm-hmm remember to add doctor
space so I remember that wouldn't
entertain you for hours it would it was
just so much fun it was a program that
came with sound blaster maybe sound
cards in the early to mid 90s and it was
like a fake psychology program like
you'd be like hey dr. Spade so I want to
kill myself and it would be like why do
you want to kill yourself and you'd be
like because I hate life and it would be
like you hate life tell me more tell me
about your mother
and just there's just program but it was
cute but it was fun to try to get it to
come up with
something other than that so you'd like
tell it you loved it and it would say
it's in love with a math coprocessor and
different weird shit it's fun to find
the the weird non-standard stuff in
there
they said riches no interest in anime
you might think he just has to watch the
right one yet but you'd be wrong oh
that's a hot button got interesting
comments what I hang out with hack pot
is one out of rich in jackin music ways
see the hack but says that wet ass
smooth as butter that's rich comment
what is the context video game there's a
planet video game called Nier automata
where the player character was a lady
with an attractive robot rank rear boat
yeah with the front but yeah and there
was some kind of problem with the stream
where it looked was the graphics were
smooth for us okay but it was choppy for
everyone watching it I said the problem
problem problem isn't the game game was
running fine that hot wet ass is smooth
as butter teeth sounds kind of like was
that dead volleyball game with a jiggle
physics a little bit a little bit do
they ever have a version of that for for
women dog physics yeah dog or or or just
you know Pat male but physics their own
and game with dong fuck physics is it
really it's like flopping around the
character creator you can you can
enlarge the genitals they are they can
you control the the turgidity I edit
eater you'll you will have to ask people
about Conan exiles I don't know if you
get to control those kind of things I
think maybe there's a slider you know
erect 0 to 100 and you might be you
might be curious enough to look into
this I mean
might be fun to see if it if it goes to
ridiculous levels like it can make it be
two feet long and like so erect that
it's like honest overlapping the the
abdomen poking out its back because they
know that's the game's only selling
point I think you can that's cool they
say you should play keep talking and no
one explodes we played that way though
before well we played that I think what
do we do with that in stream when we
played it with with your sister and her
fiance and that wasn't streaming that
was I think we just came here and played
that that was that wasn't a street
deprived them hmm
we had a good game of no kotaki and
nobody explodes about a few months ago
his sister was oh it was over she lives
overseas and her fiance and his dad and
his stepmoms is the other sister and and
me Karen might like rimworld
that sounds kinky
are there any other like levels in this
game besides you ugly ask yes I kind of
second that this looks like like quake
circa 1998 with slightly more detailed
walls well that's the point
the caution with this game like this is
like 1996 the one who should just go
play quake quake - well Scott roguelike
I once and I'm getting sick of looking
with those orange monkey boys well
that's on me for playing shitty because
I'm distracted and I'm not have I ready
just world novels I've read small gods
rich would like small gods and small
gods rocks whenever I think of turtles
and and
Eagles and yeah the fuck are you talking
about there's a word a game called some
herb game a book called small God's
terry pratchet you've heard of Discworld
yes I have there are a lot of Discworld
novels and small God's is one of the
more popular ones and it's the main
character is a monk as I recall and it's
just it's funny it kind of pokes fun at
religion and culture in a an amusing
light-hearted way okay and it makes an
interesting point at the beginning of it
it's it points out that supposedly and I
think this might happen that Eagles
sometimes pick up Turtles and drop them
you know to split them just an easy way
to get it they're gone right and kill
them and keep them from running away
ever and and in the game that makes the
amusing the amusing suggestion that that
one day this will cause Turtles to
evolve life not really how evolution
works but he's not a monkeys the guy who
sweeps up for the monks yeah he's like
some kind of
special monk Terry practice daughter is
writing for videogames that's good for
her dad I know he had a daughter
never really thought about it I mean
sure he might don't know what the fuck
you want me to do about it
it's been gone what about two years now
he had some kind of weird form of
Alzheimer's or other dementia then he
loved to be lived to be like I might be
something 100 Danny when he anything
arrived through C Clark the guy wrote ah
you know what I might be getting maybe
taking about that yeah that blows my
mind that he lived that he was you know
not a kid when he wrote 2001 and he
lived to see 2001 and 2010 not 2016 4
2016 1 and definitely not 3000 3000 1
was kind of silly with the velociraptor
gardeners and stuff but I enjoyed it
velociraptor gardeners huh somebody
makes the point that it makes more sense
for a turtle involved more weight so it
can't be lifted oh yeah the turtle was
the God that lost all its father's yeah
there was like some kind of thing where
these gods derive strength from having
believers I'm doing terrible in this
game today I cannot
she thought did he really die in 2000
terry pratchet died in 2008 no it has
not been nine years no way that can't be
right
I mean it might be right but shit look
that up on my phone real quick
because if that's true I want to know
where the time goes you're going to die
we're all going to die yeah but if it's
fit if he died of 2015 yeah that sounds
a little more Oh arthur c clarke no
Arthur she Clarke died yet that sounds
about right
Dave is like living in like Sri Lanka
forever apparently it suited him well I
think he was an englishman douglas adams
had the gods that derive strengthen
belief sure wasn't too refreshed too
could've been a number of places i know
Douglas Adams I remember the the
electronic monk and his horse and he had
some kind of glitch and he leaves all
kinds of stupid things yeah I've seen
the movie 2010 but it was a long time
ago I've seen 2001 a lot of times I love
the the choice of the classical music
but yeah it's it's trippy as heck some
of the like the color palettes and stuff
maybe I'm weird but it reminds me of the
shining it's not the same person as a
dick Kubrick do both of those The
Shining in 2001 those both Kubrick is
that a question you are asking me no
it's really a question I'm asking you I
am that ignorant about film did Kubrick
did I know - who did 2001 - Kubrick -
The Shining I don't know you're the
movie guys does this look like a cave on
Mars on the screen or I hear here you
know I can pretend like I know stuff
about movies but let's face it oh no I
am NOT yes you give an average key very
much directed both of those films and
then explain the most famous more out of
everything in this universe it's 2001
The Shining the 2001 but shiny - okay or
the moon landing depending on who you
ask but I don't believe in that oh they
think somebody specific did it who brink
I think Kubrick did it
some people Oh somebody says kick kick
kick
girl v5 you know says you being here is
the best birthday gift I could have
asked for I'm always happy when you hang
out on the stream lots of love to you
and rich never quit being so adorable
together
oh thank you and happy birthday we've
been busy we haven't had that much time
my schedules been like nuts lately so we
haven't had that much time to be
adorkable together but like whenever we
have whenever we're together like every
day we try to play some bookworm
adventures - it's like our our little my
little nerd habit we can do some of that
tonight if you want I just figured we're
not gonna talk much when we do that so
we Charlene oh yeah cuz you know you're
looking for words yeah Kubrick did not
direct her a sacar somebody's just
saying that no I'm not I don't believe
that I'm gullible I'm not that gullible
there well I don't think I'm that
gullible adorkable yes I have a shirt
this is adorable it's got a cat wearing
nerdy glasses it's dark in the door just
try to just just try to make them think
that somebody other than Jonas Salk
invented polio vaccine geez you know
because you know smart Meg know
important things
you know relevant things
well I mean which polio vaccine sock had
one and Sabin had one what's this huh
sock head the head one polio vaccine I
think Salk had think socks was a kills
virus vaccine same time no but not too
far away from each other and then I
think it was saving that came up with a
live one and the idea of the live
attenuated viruses that you would
actually shed it and so i'm not mistaken
you'd be passively immunizing the people
around you so it was an interesting
twist on things so I think Sauk had the
first polio vaccine that worked but not
the not the only one and not I don't
think the one that we use now know kind
of like smallpox the first the first in
the first wave immunized people against
smallpox was to inoculate them with the
sores from the sores of people who had
had mild cases you know variola minor of
they called it a last room but they
would like scratch it in your skin and
then later on they figured out well cow
pox is similar enough that you can
inoculate people with cow pox although
that gives you nasty a scar
better than polio better than now oh
yeah a box well any yeah and that's the
whole idea but then once the disease is
really uncommon then you stop
vaccinating people because the you know
the one-in-a-million chance that they're
going to die the vaccine becomes greater
than the chance that they're going to
then the 0% chance that they're going to
get it
we were headed that way with measles if
but the vaccine rate is vaccination rate
has gone down yep
and measles is incredibly incredibly
contagious
the I'm all in favor of herd immunity
because not everybody can or should be
vaccinated I mean there are some legit
reasons like you know the kids on
heavy-duty chemotherapy or sometimes if
people even if people have some forms of
eczema it can greatly increase the risk
of you know bad side effects but if you
had like 97 90 some percent of people
getting vaccinated consistently
everywhere there wouldn't be enough
hosts for measles to keep going from
person to person because it doesn't have
an animal reservoir hopefully someday
this minigame looks like game boy yeah
Wolfenstein gameboy style which is
really weird and ugly yeah down with it
I can't even really except maybe Tetris
I can't even play Gameboy anymore they
themes just look so ugly even if you
change the colors with like the oh it's
always you know it's fine for Tetris but
yeah Gameboy was never one from looks
Department
it had great lunch evety though I mean
what was it like ten years before they
were between the Game Boy and the Game
Boy Advance it's a long time my favorite
animal crossing characters are we
talking about like the regular NPCs or
like the villagers um let's see oh well
I mean you know I like Tom Nook I think
everybody likes Tom Nook you love Tom
dock I do I do I like cake designer the
guard dog
yeah that's cake a slider okay I like
that I like the pigeon who lives in the
kind of living I don't know damn
favoritism don't you pretend it's
anything other than mr. Resetti oh god
yeah I don't know why I wasn't thinking
about him I was trying to she's like
mentally thinking about who lives in you
know like the owl lives in the museum
and this one is here and this one is
there thinking about like where they're
located and mapping out the town in my
head that way but oh my god resetti I
don't love winding him up
I knew game you actually have to go and
like build stuff just to get him in your
town and he doesn't yell at you as much
but I love her study and I love now you
can go when you can go and visit his
reset Center and and fuck with him
Caryn and Tom Nook sitting in a tree
well I don't think we have to worry
about a baby care just like an inner
species thing there's there doesn't seem
to be any inner species no man's going
on and that nobody seems to have any
kids either though one way or another in
that game all these talking animals and
nobody talks about like lifespans or
anything like the mice don't you know
it's not like oh the mouse died gee no
the elephant's going to live to be 90
yeah that's true the animal crossing
people have eternal life I mean for kids
as far as the people like the villagers
and stuff I mean there's some that look
absolutely adorable that have never had
like like I think just went called like
meringue or something and she's like a
rhinoceros who has like a cherry pie in
her head and a strawberry for a horn or
something I mean it's just something
ridiculous people wore immortal children
would be the worst thing ever
yeah it'll be like that that the mock
thing with Adam and Eve the cartoon
thing where they don't eat the apple and
they just like screw until the entire
earth is like 20 feet deep and people
and so so like God goes and shoves an
apple in her mouth just pinches to get
the kid things roll it and get the
population down a little is all they're
doing is like multiplying yeah but my
favorite villager that actually that I
actually have you know I really like
hopper he's like a crab yes um are you
taking that 3d isalta hopper I do yeah
rich rich you'll be like what's going on
like what and I'll be like nothing I'm
talking to the game cuz I'll be like
hopper hopper trying to figure out where
he ends so I can go you know give him an
apple or would have reacts for do his
chores
it's almost story about Walker oh yes so
so I was over my parents house and hurt
they're called Walker yes there's a
character called Walker in the game for
anybody who's this dog actually for
anybody who doesn't have Animal Crossing
on 3ds why are you talking to it because
it has voice recognition and if you call
a critters name that critter will value
villager well yeah a villager an animal
and anthropomorphic animal village or
the characters in the game even the
characters want though they will the
NPCs will answer you to if they're out
in the open but the they'll tell you
they'll tell you where they are they'll
say like over here and the the over here
bubble will get bigger if you're close
to them and stuff so you can figure out
they are without having to hunt
everywhere for them and and so I was
over my parents house and they have two
dogs and what do dogs like walks so I'm
on one end of the house basically and
I'm sitting there and I'm talking to the
gay but I'm going Walker Walker and all
of a sudden the dog and it was it was a
middle of winter
it was so fucking cold and it was late
and and this dog comes in oh did you
just suddenly decide you want to go for
a walk with me and I just kind of passed
it off like I don't know what your deal
is buddy because it was just too cold I
mean I felt a little guilty but it was
like I don't know it was like five
degrees and like 1:00 in the morning and
I just did not feel like taking this dog
for a walk but he would have surely
loved it and I mean maybe it wasn't my
kindest best owner moment but I wasn't
trying to fake him out and I did not
know that he was within earshot of me
when I said it when Jack gets here
ask him if dogs have emotions do you
think they don't just just ask him does
he think they're like robots or just ask
him that they're simply reactive I think
well Jack grew up on a farm sure and I
think he had to get his brain to deal
with slaughtering these animals
occasionally I have not seen Bigfoot
versus DB Cooper you know I know DB
Cooper's though the Bigfoot versus DB
Cooper is a gay porno oh geez mm-hmm
but no no do I think dogs have emotions
sure I think they've got some ways there
they probably more emotional than we are
because they don't have any way of
distancing themselves from it they're
there
intellectually they're they're different
from us
you think dogs should vote aye you know
they'd be real easy to you know
manipulate yeah you want a cookie yeah
you know what okay okay okay okay
I mean delay gratification isn't
something that dogs or children are
really good at I mean I've heard dogs
compared to intellectually to like like
two three four year old kids and I think
in a lot of ways they're a lot of ways
they're impulse control is kind of
similar they're they're a little special
but dogs are good people fuck it I need
a good run I need a good run playing out
of my normal environment and I'm I'm a
dog person I mean I see a dog rich nose
I'll see a dog we'll be driving in the
car and I'll be like oh look at that dog
I can be bleeding to death and on the
way to the hospital you will stop to
look at a dog on the road and when I
come out of our building you know if I
see somebody walking a dog or something
only go does he like people hi doc I'm
like I want to be friends with every dog
in the world
dogs and I get along just fine Tobin
gnome I like cats but I'm allergic to
them I'd never lived with one so I feel
sometimes like I don't speak their
language like I have trouble figuring
out when they're happy and what they
like of course you know if one of them
goes and jumps on my lap and starts
purring I'm pretty sure they like that
I'll get really anal know about taking
damage and I shouldn't but I am the dogs
can be high maintenance for sure they
don't like to be they need stimulation
and they don't like to be alone they can
deal with it to a certain extent but
they'd rather never be alone they'd
rather be up your house 24 hours a day
that's what they're like they're just
dogs
am I getting a kidney yet what's wrong
with the two that I have social kind of
running kidney gigs think I mentioned
about the one kidney story I work the
person who couldn't get one why couldn't
they get one it's gonna hurt he sure
that's a gotta is medical odd problem
well they couldn't get their transplant
who something you were telling me I get
a job somebody couldn't get it they were
scheduled for a kidney transplant
oh they got their kidney transplant they
did get it if you're talking about there
was a person there was a person who went
off and they got a kidney transplant but
their their heart was I guess they did
get the transplant they got the
transplant um but there I thought they
didn't qualify anymore because they
found no no they they got they got a
kidney and they put it in and I guess
they had done a cardiac workup Karen
with the Y I knew a Karen with a Y we
were friends in junior high it was kind
of weird Karen and Karen but neither one
of us spelled the usual way but um yeah
they they got the transplant and they
had a cardiac workup like a year before
or something I guess maybe they're
supposed to have them more often or
something but anyway they they started
having heart problems after their
transplant and now because they coded
three times the kidney is damaged and
they're on dialysis and they're they're
hoping that the kidney will recover from
from the I mean they're there they're
not in good shape but they're not dead
and yeah my favorite band
that's good question for you oh yeah
there's so many I really like The Velvet
Underground I used to be crazy in a
Nirvana I don't know if I'm into them as
I used to be really really but I like
them
I like Leonard Cohen there was a time
when I would have said REM but that time
past Marilyn Manson
they were never my favorite no but I
used to like him and I had to like a lot
of it did you see Marilyn Manson before
he was big he was just starting to get
big I saw just uninhibit but you saw it
like a really small venue yeah it wasn't
it wasn't real big at all I don't know
how many seats eh yeah but it was like a
small like theater kind of place um and
I saw him in Chicago and this was like
right when they were touring for
Antichrist Superstar and then the next
day I saw them in a wall in Milwaukee
right because really and actually my
friend was gonna go see them in Chicago
in Milwaukee and I was just gonna see
them in Chicago but I think her she was
worried her parents were gonna wig out
or some things her parents were
religious like she had a she had a shirt
that said God and this noise inside my
head upside down and backwards on the
back of the shirt and her mother like
torn up of the pieces and she went and
sewed it back together it's just kind of
badass looking breaking shirt yeah but
um and you probably know who I'm talking
about
yeah but her parents really could be one
of two people in my line but I'm pretty
sure I know who you're talking about
it's the one that lives lives down south
yeah but um but yes so then I went and
some some and I'm seeing richard cheese
Friday oh I like Richard cheese and I
like Weird Al
we saw weird out we saw Weird Al at her
maybe pier yeah he he puts on edit you
know I don't know what he does
now he's get imagine doing that anymore
but we saw really good shows about 10
years it was a great show he put on the
fat cast oh I mean he had all these
costume changes and different things and
it was a costume change yeah it was a
fun show and a bunch of nerdy people
with like spatulas in her hair or
something he wasn't young then either
no he's middle-aged and he he didn't fat
full fat suit yeah that wasn't even
early in the show and it wasn't even
wintertime and it wasn't even indoors
he didn't yeah jumping around that
fucking thing in the summer I mean I
don't think it was an especially high in
the summer in the city in the summer
reading the city back of my neck getting
dirty and gritty ping down isn't it a
pity but anyway yeah so I you know I
have no idea if he does as many costume
changes Oh somebody said it some three
years ago and he's still doing it he
puts you get a chance to see Weird Al
the man puts on a great show why aren't
I sitting in Jack's seat I don't know
where does Jack usually sit I'm on the
opposite side of the couch from rich did
I just took a shower my hair is wet
gotta feel like it yeah I just got home
from work I just didn't feel like feel
like doing anything or being on camera
but I'm here yeah I know he's a vegan
and and a serious performer and been bad
Avenue has been parents a few years ago
that's about all I know about him I was
wrong when we saw him and possibly why
is Jack invisible and sounding like
Karen I am Jack I am Jack's complete
lack of your Jack's invisible presence
yeah I am Jack's invisible presence I
remember that movie and watching it and
he goes and crashes crashes his bicycle
and I'm thinking he crashed his bicycle
because he was reading but the other one
of it was reading Fight Club is such a
mindfuck I am Jack's invisible spleen
somebody says they'd be picking on rich
about things that never have do listen
to any electronic music um not so much
lately I mean I used to like the orb and
orbital and a little aphex twin is it
true that you spend a lot of time at the
club dicks we did the end of the last
best of the worst where I dropped the
tape off at a gay club a real one
I yeah just like outside did you go in
no do a little dance until making it's
all smoke and mirrors kids but yeah the
episode made it look like I spent 48
minutes hanging out there doing lord
knows what a fixed twin can be pretty
good he can also be pretty damn full of
himself like I would like some milk from
the milk man's wife's tits I swear to
god those are real lyrics that is best
who was this a fixed win okay I think
that was like the Richard D Jaynes album
or something I like thinking my while
ago so is one thing rich loves so
there's one thing rich loves cheese
cheese fries yes french fries with or
without cheese cheese with way of french
fries cheese fries and French fries
together we still have under eyes and
french fries together no that's just
going to dilute your cheese still
haven't we haven't got gone to that
place yet there's that there's a place
on that fiddling place yeah there's some
kind of place on 27th where they have
like gourmet cheese fries and also I
still need to try poutine or protein or
whatever it is I've never tried it
shockingly good
I you know uh however many million
Canadians can't be wrong I'm sure they
can millions of people have been wrong
plenty of times somebody said like some
french fries without the cheese and can
you make it that fries no you didn't get
it you did something for your cheese to
latch on to and fries are perfect for
that broccoli
yeah or line cauliflower no I mean
really you want something knows potatoes
are meant for cheese I think though you
know if you're just gonna have them
without cheese I think I'd rather have
sweet potato fries I know you and I are
in disagree I like that kindness I don't
like small team eggs don't like the
sweetness of the sweet potatoes they
won't know how your diets going poorly
because of the winner yeah we were we
were like biking by the lake and stuff
and we haven't started up yet it's Bend
it really just so much a diet as it was
being more health-conscious yeah and and
I was making I was making us grilled
chicken a lot and whatnot and vegetables
I'm gonna get back into that but I have
to say this new job has been kicking my
ass I know it's going to get easier but
right now it's it's stressful because
I'm trying to learn all these young
things and it's complex and also I have
to be there like I'm off tomorrow which
is why I'm here and I took a nap after
work and then came here but I'm I'm up
belatedly the latest I have to be there
is 7:30 and on those days I have a bit
of a commute sometimes you have to be
there latterly some days I have to be
there a little closer to home but I have
to be there are 3:30 in the morning
which means I'm getting up alike too
which means that if I want to get eight
hours sleep which I usually don't quite
manage I have to think about being
asleep by 6:00 and sometimes I'm not
getting home till like 5:00 5:30 but
it's going to get easier and the part
where I have a decent commute
is the classroom part and there's going
to be a lot less of there's a lot less
of the classroom stuff ahead of me them
behind me and it should be it should be
an improved definite improvement over
the grocery store in terms of everything
in terms of everything in terms of pay
in terms of benefit in terms of ability
to do something where I feel like I'm
contributing to the world not that gross
nothing important could you make the
world gross I mean somebody's got to do
it but and I don't like when people say
oh you're too smart for a grocery store
or something because I know people of
they're idiots and they're geniuses
working in grocery stores for a variety
of reasons there's one guy we had
working in the meat department for a
while he was a college professor
because adjuncts really have a shitty
existence but he was like a College
chemistry professor and he dressed like
Terry Pratchett he was like a chubby
Midwestern terry pratchet chemistry
professor meat department closer did we
eat too much fast food but we try to
like eat more subway and so bad it's
still bad we need to get back to the
greed to get back to the grilled chicken
you gotta you can make some grilled
chicken make sure you have oh like I've
tried that before Neil and killed myself
and brought chicken I when it's pink
it's not done
I think if I've mentioned before the the
hotdog thing if I have I told him about
the hotdog what happened remember way
back verse River does well maybe a
little bit when we first started going
out together I was over at his house and
he was having some hot dogs
he was microwaving them and I said could
you boil mine instead and he said how
and I said well you know hot dog in
water and water hot how long are they
care which way you how long I don't know
you know they
not really it's already cooked so it
really doesn't matter I mean I guess it
probably it's probably better if you
make the water hot and then put the hot
dog in it so that you're not but but hot
dogs are kind of so oily that the flavor
doesn't really leach out too much anyway
so you can kind of do it any way you
want you basically stick the hot dog in
the water and have the water be hot in
really it works in any order but I
usually prefer to do the hot water first
but I don't think it would be noticeably
worse the other way around space cop
can't cook hot dogs mind blown he can
now there are a few ways to fuck up a
hot dog but I usually just not boil my
hot dogs he just shove them in a
microwave that's how I did it my mom
likes to tell the story of the time she
walked in when I was little I liked hot
dogs and I liked raw hot dog well not
really raw but hot dogs are the
refrigerator and what time she walked in
and I couldn't apparently couldn't get
it open because I was sitting there I
was I was sitting there on my bed not
knowing the hot dogs out of the package
this is big shoot up plastic I thought
most I was little like toddler little I
got into a lot of shit when I was little
they should have like put a lock on my
door or something so she said one day
she walked in I had all four all for
birdie this is like the apocryphal story
she always likes to tell she walks in
rich I got all four burners going on the
stove and I'm sitting at the table
unwrapping packages of razor blades
alignment she's like she's like I didn't
want to scare you because I thought
you'd cut yourself so I just started
talking to what are you doing can I have
those she said she took my hands I just
had one little nick on one finger that
wasn't even bleeding yeah I'm sitting
there I all four burners going at the
stove and I'm at the table playing with
razor blades I'm sure she felt like
Bobby in the year at that point it's
time for some better childproof but see
my parents when I was a kid I'm glad you
didn't kill yours yeah well you know it
was the era when everybody had those
chairs with the casters like the fake
leather chairs with the casters and
they're just perfect if you're a little
toddler you just take the chair and push
it where you want it and Clive for the
chair to the counter and just get into
whatever bacon-wrapped hot dogs if I've
ever had one
I like the Auntie Anne's is it the
pretzel place they've got like the
croissant wrapped hotdogs or something I
know they look almost exactly like dog
treats but they taste better
you once wanted to see if your knife
would get hot if you touch it to the
wires and a toaster was your knife the
only thing that got hot
what is my stance on turkey bacon it's
not as good as regular bacon but it's
better than nothing it's it's it's a
step above that stuff that morning star
farms makes that kind of fake bacon
which taken ya which kind of looks like
play-doh any ants does have good
pretzels the cinnamon ones are really
good I don't think they have the
strawberry cream cheese anymore and that
used to be really good
would you like pretty much everything
that Morningstar farms did it's not them
the burgers were okay the bacon just if
you didn't do it just right it ended up
being all dry and kind of awful
gardenburger makes the veggie riblets
that are better than regular riblets
they're so good I think those are
probably my favorite vegetarian meat
stuff mm-hmm what is turkey bacon
it's made from acres not bacon yeah
it's bacon for for the health conscious
or people who have a religious objection
or do don't want to eat mammals but do
want to eat birds
runny eggs oh no I could just never I
know I mean I know lots of people like
them but I just said yellow stuff just
grosses me out I always do my eggs
scrambled or hard-boiled or something
that makes the yolk not be runny who
doesn't want to eat mammals but it's
fine with eating birds and I don't know
I mean pesky vegetarians eat fish and
just probably somebody out there who
doesn't eat mammals I have no idea but
I'm just thinking that's one possible
reason why you might prefer turkey bacon
or maybe you're Jewish or Muslim or any
other religions could be less fat yes
that's why I said health conscious or
religious reasons our ethical concerns
why would the name of farm after Satan I
wondered about that myself actually I'm
sure the same people who think like
celestial pain celestial is of the devil
or something probably think Morningstar
Farms is oh yeah I know I know I've
noticed that before I can only assume
that whoever came up with that name
didn't think of it wondering what the
heck you were talking about somebody
claims all right somebody here is
claiming that there's a chain store in
Australia called the Lord of the Flies
that makes vegan burgers something good
burgers are good my fan of avocados i
Julie love avocados avocados are awesome
whether they're made into guacamole or
not in fact like one of my favorite like
easy quick breakfast things is I take
egg whites and I put them in a paper
bowl so I don't even have to clean
anything up and cover the bowl with
something and I cook the egg whites you
know in the microwave and then I cut up
some avocados and put that on there and
some thyme some grape tomatoes and maybe
a little cheese it's really good and
some black pepper the avocados I mean
they're good even if you just put a
little salt on them
do love avocados yeah they are a good
source of healthy fat so is almond
butter almond butter is really good with
apples and a little bit of honey and
some salt I know I need a nutritionist I
need I need a personal chef when I see
like these movie stars and they are like
matte in great shape you know and I
wonder I'm like if I had all that money
I think I would just pay somebody to
cook for me and I'd be like make it
healthy and make it low-calorie after
some of them some of them do they do for
sure the ones you don't I wonder why
they don't or maybe they just can't have
their weaknesses particular favorites
what instruments do I play skin flute
that's what I'm thinking um the radio I
do not play and then it should be the
last audio no I don't I don't play
anything how do I prefer my steak
medium-rare to somewhat rare not rare
that bleeding rare not blue rare I mean
not rare rare rare but uh yeah I like it
I like it rare ish medium rare which
said I was musically inclined well
listening to not necessarily I like
music I ever learned to play anything
play my parents I wanted to play
something and they probably guessed
rightly that I wouldn't have stuck with
it
I'm guessing I don't know but I never
played anything how do I like my ice
cream frozen I like all kinds of
different ice cream things except I'm
not really big on lomani Spumante
spumoni whatever it is
I'm not really big on things that are
under those things called pistachio
flavored except pistachios I wanted to
be in a metal band I always thought it
might be fun to like have a joke band
where you just played like kids
instruments really badly on purpose
which said I like horses it sounds like
that's it it sounds like a quote from
July horses have you ever been to a
Turkish bad prison Joey don't let
something out of airplane I don't
dislike horses but I'm not a horse's
have not played a big part in my life
I've got nothing against horses horses
are stupid you're stupid yeah doesn't
mean horses aren't you gotta say about
that they say you've been to a Turkish
prison
you were the warden you ever sit the
cockpit I have sat in the cockpit
actually I went to Germany when I was in
high school it was kind of a it wasn't
quite involved with the school but the
teacher was kind of chaperoning it so
kind of because I took four years of
German in high school and I did get to
sit in the cockpit for a little bit and
my goodness that's a lot of little
lights and things so told him about your
Germany adventure well I was I was like
17 we were there for two weeks we
started in the northern part like Berlin
I don't know I know if we started really
member we were in Berlin and then we
were in like the Black Forest and then
we ended up in Bavaria and got to see
neuschwanstein king ludwig ii castle
that the one that the disneyland castle
supposedly based on and it was pretty
neat
can I make you babble about Star Trek
Babel didn't we already babble about
Star Trek you can't make me babble a bar
way it's hard about it
I've not seen this discovery trailer
traveler speak says I like horses they
used to help look after I rescue horses
oh yeah horses means some horses
definitely need rescuing and they're not
exactly the easiest pets the home
compared to like a dog or a lot more
people who are capable of taking a dog
into their home than people who are
capable of taking a horse how many
people died building which funds that I
don't probably a couple and that crazy
has bridge next to it and king ludwig ii
i mean what am not i think he was having
an affair with vogner how about you rich
yes definitely they want us to watch a
new trailer now on steam trailer for
what have people capable of taking a
home into their dog well my parents dog
is kind of big so maybe it was a small
home I would join out my house we're
talking about Clifford what's the
schwantz it's spelled with a W not a V
it's a tail it's the German word for
tail if it means other things in German
or Yiddish I'll let you look those up
why am i a disembodied voice because I
just kind of got off a work and I didn't
feel like me and on camera I need a
quick Caron cameo with my still probably
wet hair here no them dumb no you're not
their slave oh oh is that better
Oh
though that I secretly killed Jack
yes we're eating him right now see rich
the chat got your kiss
they say thanks guys kids worked they
said they didn't see that could I do it
again oh they said I could be on my
fourth day of a bender bender and still
fit in Friday every day rich is the
little honey richest anticline of whom
aghhhhh oh he's my little honey trying
to concentrate that Sark they want to
know if jay-z actor who played Malachi
and children of the corn no it has been
so many years since I saw that it's more
like the whole town was full of like
damned children yeah well there were
damned I don't really remember what they
were they were in a cult they killed the
parents is that it yeah I mean literally
last time I saw that movie I think I was
like eight years old I don't know if it
was in the movie but I think the book
had like some got a demon in the corn
that was you know corrupting them have I
been watching any good TV shows not
lately
we're totally looking forward to the
next season of Kimmy Schmidt and break I
was one of my classmates I was showing
that to her she was talking about what's
good to watch and whatnot yeah and I was
telling her about Kimmy Schmidt I was
trying to describe it I'm like no it's
really funny and it's really upbeat but
like she was in an underground bunker
for like ten years and she doesn't know
about anything but but it's a comedy and
she's like trying to live in New York
and then I played of course the theme
you know unbreakable there live damn it
it's miracle I like I would you like
things I do cute the Stephen King
drinking game how does the Stephen King
drinking game work
and then when season like with this fall
right is the season two of stranger
things I love special rings I loved
straight we watched I think we between
when his brother was over and regular I
think I've probably seen it like I don't
usually watch stuff that much and I've
probably seen it ever three times like
the whole thing of stranger things I
love it any time any time Stephen King
makes any kind of reference to Maine he
drank a drink I don't know have I seen
Legion or black mirror I have not we
were watching for a while we were
watching
narcos the first two seasons I'm not
sure we're gonna watch the third season
they're gonna be one their disposal is
going to be a third season of narcos but
I don't know what it's gonna be like
after Pablo Escobar's bad Pablo Escobar
it's gonna be bad what blew my mind
about that was was when I found out that
excuse me
Wagner Moura those Portuguese and didn't
speak Spanish and like hello slowly
slowly because people don't know any of
the details okay going up to this
so narcos is a TV show and it's about
Pablo Escobar and the law blow Escobar
Pablo Escobar was a drug lord in the 80s
and 90s in Colombia in South America
you're the reason you know what cocaine
is know there's cocaine before that 70s
you know what you know what cocaine is
from staying alive or Boogie Nights or
something yeah but became a thing that
was in something like staying alive
because of Pablo Escobar maybe who I
almost single-handedly imported all that
shit into the country so so yeah so so
the movies about Pablo Escobar who's a
drug lord from Colombia and about the
law enforcement people who are trying to
trying to take them out and and it's
just really good but the actor who
played Pablo
originally they were going to film it in
English and instead of what they did do
which was in Marcos in the show it's
it's there speaking Spanish speaks
English natively every the the
conversations are in whatever language
they would have been in when they really
happened so when you've got two
Colombian people speaking to each other
they're speaking Spanish and the only
time they're speaking English really is
when the main character well not that
main care when the when the DEA agent
who wrote the book that it's based on or
whoever started her and this guy is
talking to other Americans it's in
English but otherwise it's in Spanish
with subtitles and so they took they
casted this guy named Magnum vodka nine
appeases vogner like the German or if he
says Wagner or Wagner Wagner Moura I
think that's how you say it but he's
he's a Brazilian Portuguese speaking man
and they casted him to be Pablo Escobar
because originally originally they're
gonna film it's gonna be English across
them and he was like well you know
accented English I got that yeah but
then they they they decided that they
were going to film it in the languages
in which it was spoken which was you
know originally transpired which was
mostly Spanish but nobody thought to ask
the actor they hired to play Pablo
Escobar if he could actually speak
Spanish
yeah because originally that would have
been an issue which he could not yes so
then he went to Colombia to go learn
Spanish so that he could speak Spanish
as Pablo Escobar and I've heard mixed
reviews of his Spanish I being being
mostly monolingual English myself with a
little bit of Spanish and a little bit
of German I am not in a position that to
evaluate how good his Spanish sounds
whether or not Wagner Moura Spanish
sounds like good Spanish or good
Colombian Spanish I know Colombian
Spanish and like say Mexican Spanish
sound very different I can hear that
Colombians complained that Pablo Escobar
didn't do it Spanish accent good enough
yeah I don't know I mean I asked one of
one of my Facebook friends is from
Colombia he's from from Bogota and I
asked him but he never did get back back
to me he just mentioned oh yeah I met
Pablo Escobar when I was like 13 or
something but things became such a mess
afterwards and in Colombia that that he
left and took his whole baby kid came
here basically started a civil war yeah
yeah and that's that's when this man
came came here and he's been here for a
long time but he never did get back to
me when I when I put that comment on
Facebook and tagged a minute asking
whether or not whether Neville Escobar
Pablo Escobar had good Chloe's Spanish
he was rich and powerful enough that
when the Colombian government finally
decided we're going to take this guy
down Pablo had enough money and
resources and power to wage a war with
his own government yes and basically win
and then he decided that he would agree
to go to quote air quotes prison which
was basically like a mansion that he
built and he had like famous soccer
players come and play for him he turned
himself in but he got to go to the
prison that he builds that was a luxury
mansion that wasn't actually a prison
where he was running his drug empire
like normal other drug families
eventually eroded his power it was a
Colombian and I'm sure this time sure
the CIA was involved in some degree but
that's not the reason he fell from power
he fell from power because of other drug
lords who got sick of him basically
my dad fucked up can you hear you no no
yes maybe yes I said one two yeah he did
supposedly burn some money to keep his
kids warm and he it's an interesting
story I mean he's he's a complex
character he did some things that were
good he did some things that were not
good didn't want to hear were your
former co-workers I met him as a child
or something right yeah I mentioned that
I was watching that and he said that he
met him when he was like 13 I don't know
from the same place the same place that
Pablo was first my life you can't hear
me is the Michael can you hear me now
no you fixed my mic
you harm the French from you're not
talking into it
this should be fine hello hello that
looks okay to me jack is this working
chat is is this the thing that's working
let's fix okay okay I'm glad we can
clear that up it's working it's lit has
it been crapping out a lot has she been
going in and out all night I need to
know as needs as needs two noses did you
miss me
did you read the nuke wizard 70 anything
here are oh that's new one did you read
no blast when I read was the one about
the person who would who was having
surgery second surgery a broken leg
wizard 78 says have you seen the new
Star Trek Discovery trailer if not did
you ever like Babylon 5 I have not seen
the new Star Trek Discovery trailer I
tried to get into Babylon 5 I did not
make it through the pilot episode I god
I even thought about Babylon 5 in about
a decade
yeah rich you're looking miserable as
always well thank you I'm I'm feeling
quite fine it's just his face uh-huh so
I always look miserable yeah yeah it was
a kind of mopey
oh these Mike and Ikes ours are good I
can't do anything about that that's just
the way I look do I know if you can
watch Farscape yes I can Mike wouldn't e
resting bitchface now he's feeling
resting mope face
resting Bladerunner face
resting misery face
well congratulations bad news shoes your
bad news and shoes they want to know
what's wrong with your face you know it
is because of the worst
I have not she doesn't watch best of the
worst you see bits of it when you're
editing it mostly I don't hate him when
you're just watching this yeah if I
watch stuff that he's in I make him
self-conscious you can watch stuff a
minute I don't care
watch whatever you want
time is what's the worst movie I've ever
seen
you know there are some bad movies out
there and I really didn't like the room
I would say that was pretty bad but I
think the worst movie I've ever seen is
weekend at Bernie's - we just spend the
entire movie watching a corpse walk
around with headphones on underwater and
everywhere
what about weekend at Bernie's one
nobody ever talks about weekend at
Bernie's one it wasn't as bad as a
second one
I see they when I grew up there was a I
have a guardian do we see Guardians -
yeah we saw Guardians do I think we got
in there already I liked it you have any
thoughts about her I know you weren't
super into it I thought it was cute that
they I guess the Groot stuff was cute
and some of the stuff that they but in
some ways it seemed like it was just
like they were pushing pressing although
you know the fans are gonna want this
check that box the fans are gonna want
that check that box yeah yeah how much
someone yeah it took the characters and
they did emotional things with him I was
fine with it but I liked when the the
purple guy with the veiny things all
over him what's the new drag or
something Drax of the big guy yeah okay
Drax one of these purple when he was
telling the tone the girl you're hideous
not you're pretty at the inside jack is
backseat gaming from the chata tell Jake
to get his ass over here
what are spooky urban legends around the
Greater Milwaukee area when I really
needed to tell you about Milwaukee area
I could tell you some about Chicago
resurrection man I was just gonna say
don't go it dude you're but I don't know
a lot about it supposedly there's a
there's Resurrection Cemetery it's a
South Side and I guess supposedly like
people's at the hitch-hiker one way
people will see a young woman
hitchhiking in the side of the road and
they'll pick her up and I think she'll
just appear during the ride or some
takes you to the cemetery or something
yeah should a different version II
should be this guy he died called
Richard crow and he would do like these
haunted Chicago tours where he would
basically take you to the different
sites where that had haunting legends
about them in Chicago mostly on the
south suburbs what's the story behind
Downers Grove Cemetery I have no idea
why is that first girl that's is Bambi I
mean bachelors groom
yeah I don't remember well I got fucked
just because I went down an elevator
where there's lady monsters anise I
don't remember
I like cemeteries supposedly one of the
most haunted 7c on after the hauntings
real on first place most haunted
cemetery in the country passes the roof
if I was going to be haunting I would
haunt st. James Church the cemetery out
in Lemont Township I mean that is
essentially cemetery it's an awesome
Cemetery with all these like headstones
from like pre Civil War
I mean it's built like around the same
time as like the Cal sag channel and
it's pretty fascinating it's a great
place to go actually the church they are
st. James was when my sister got married
like 20 years ago didn't yeah I think
she'd been remember next year it'll be
20 years oh you're my sister your sister
I'm her wedding anniversary Lenti years
next year I like some actually if you
ever want to do like any kind of Chicago
Subba territory you got to go to
Graceland that's or all the I've never
movers in the Shakers of the late 19th
and early 20th century the mayor's
famous people the ridiculously wealthy
boney armor hot dog I don't think so no
a armored hot dog guy I don't know who
was probably in some special Catholic
cemetery or Italian cemetery or
something
Hasmukh prison cemetery never know I
don't know how much money he had when he
actually died of the syphilis don't he
died it yep funny
funny that he died to that and not all
the violence he was involved in oh you
know he died in prison they got him for
tax evasion and memory serves yeah
somebody says he died of heart failure
well those aren't mutually exclusive
and it could have been syphilitic
related heart failure or you could have
had syphilis and heart failure or
something
have you seen Kong Skull Island
no I'm not particularly interested in
yeah honestly
one of my co-workers was saying that
that I chose my educator she was saying
that at one point at a place where she
worked there was a guy who used to she
was working like a hospital and there
was a guy who used to fall asleep and
when he'd fall asleep he'd grab himself
and he had an infection on his arm
yeah and they called sure did and it was
gone areia so like he partly managed to
transfer gonorrhea from his dick to his
arm we're is weird isn't n disgusting
there's some some things I don't have to
hear you know hmm
say I never have to hear them I don't
wonder what that looked like I don't
matter what that looked like somebody
says there's a syphilis that can't be
cured by antibiotics I don't know I hope
not wine with this antibiotic resistance
stuff they got going on now like you
know multi-resistant TB and stuff I mean
some of these diseases they're not nice
people have to use antibiotics right
yeah so feed them the cow you'll never
get prescribed antibiotics use as
directed and use the whole damn bottle
even if you're feeling better yeah and
don't it's important don't try to
pressure your doctor and they're giving
them to you for a cold because it's a
not gonna help your cold and B going to
you need with your gut flora and
potentially yeah what what helped me by
acceptable to other things yeah well if
you have a virus just ask for a sugar
pill would want a big fat placebo what's
the last concert I went to um I think
the last concert I went to was Leonard
Coleman and that was a couple years ago
now I didn't get invited you were
invited what was I invited I don't
remember the invite
anyway a friend of mine who currently
lives in the Carolinas she teen I went a
few years back and we sell in Cohen and
he was great I'm surprised he got down
on his knees a couple times and nobody
had to help him up I mean the guy was
like 80
he was like 78 at the time or something
but yeah he but I could sure huh didn't
stop now I and that that his voice works
with the material but uh
well that's true I mean yeah timbira's
Clerk taking antibiotics for serial
bacterial infections that might
opportunistically take over the problem
is that you're also potentially screwing
with your gut flora and that's a part of
your immune system to that you don't
want to shut down so kind of depends and
there is no one right answer for
everyone in every situation now
ask your doctor read your internet don't
self diagnose too much and the usual
you're saying you're being an insane
perfectionist in this game I know I am
somebody says that Tiberius was the most
boring Roman Emperor well you know there
was some pretty crazy ass Roman emperors
I mean it's pretty hard to compete with
Caligula and Nero
who's worse Caligula Nero Caligula I
think I don't know as much about Nero
but Caligula was a sick-ass puppy
I know Little Boots you know that's what
his name man right yeah Little Boots oh
yeah that's right he made a horse a
senator yeah they were
yeah Nero burned the city and Caligula
tortured a bunch of people and did
creepy sex things with children I mean
they neither one was good I mean that
you could get into like was it chosen I
thought it was his sister well that too
but didn't he have like a fountain full
of little boys I don't need to know is
there something I don't need to know I
don't need to hear about it you know I
mean the thing about these these
Emperor's is that they were so
ridiculous that you could say just about
anything you could be like oh he's the
one who made his mother fuck a pig and
you'd be like oh really because like
nothing is too outrageous to think it
might be something that when these guys
did
as one sucks
so yeah nothing nothing
not the most compassionate humans
and yeah of course some people are a lot
of people do bad things for some people
and good things for others they do
things that are good for one group and
bad for one group another group they say
these kinds of games aren't for you I am
like talking and my full concentration
I'm going where it needs to be I've done
I haven't done better in this I die
beaten it but I've I've gotten a lot
further that I'm getting you know about
the violin there's a little guy that
plays a violin at the end of one of the
tetris levels and I was wondering if
that was supposed to be Nero who's my
favorite president well Trump right
let's stick to past presidents who's my
favorite president isn't the answer
automatically have to be Lincoln cuz I'm
from Illinois no because he ended the
biggest mistake this country ever made
Lincoln Lincoln was pretty cool I was
thinking you know I mean I don't know
what that much about what it was like to
live under car I was very very young but
and he's going building Habitat for
Humanity shit sure as hell isn't Jackson
that fucker was crazy although he's
interesting the Trump of his day game is
crazy but uh no FDR yeah FDR the New
Deal or whatever the the fireside chats
and all that and the Tennessee Valley
Authority and the works project
Association or administration live it up
Ulysses Grant is an interesting person
he struck me as profoundly uncouth but
it's not necessarily the worst thing
yeah Lincoln Lincoln who's not as
progressive is he sometimes it may not
have been pretty but he beat robert e
lee f did he die of like lung cancer yep
cancer something from all that tobacco
use news at 11
peasant dies of tobacco use gets cancer
it's did that all wrong we went to UM I
know on Bajor a friend and I went to
remember we went to what's name that the
Pabst mansion or whatever in Milwaukee
and it's it's pretty the lux but the guy
had like a whole giant tobacco humidor
and he had ended up with emphysema so
bad that they put an elevator into it at
the time when nobody had elevators I
guess he never got to use it cuz he died
his emphysema first and there's a tip
from quiz 'red 78 with no message
thank you quiz room 78 Lincoln was a
great vampire hunter he doesn't give
enough credit for that the history books
three starts four I'm getting off to a
bad start
I feel like I'm losing too much of my
shields in the first level that's why
I'm restarting they want to know if
you're doing a no damage run what I'm
trying to know and they say it's painful
to watch
oh alright fuckers huh the graphics are
painful they're supposed to be shut up
think that gave me depression but yeah
make us I'm gonna go cut just looking at
these graphics oh please not cool really
played if you want to I just like my
games to be happy and sunny ok but you
know you don't care about the dated dis
of it or do you I don't
whatever I don't care about the dated
miss of it it's just everything is
either red blood or green or gray or
orange people who look like I don't know
what fat orange zombieman of course
gilbert gottfried plays lincoln in a
one-minute scene in the seth macfarlane
cowboy movie that sounds bizarre he's
the one who talks like this right
believe it or not Wow Henry talks normal
does he real-life that's not his voice
really yeah why would he just in general
been very good at making sure he sounds
like that whenever he's on camera it
sounds just giant fucking annoying
yeah like you want to just rip his vocal
cords out by his best going up to his
toes that's your shtick it's totally
work for him Oh him and Garry Shandling
I couldn't watch Shandling's voice
either that really yeah Garry Shandling
just taught us normal no you think it a
Bobcat Goldthwait about who Bobcat
Goldthwait I don't know maybe laughs hey
Gary Shandling I'd like a TV show yeah I
remember him being really annoying - Wow
but better never late urban crisis for
what he says shit I'm late this is
better late than never
we were early technically oh yeah yeah
we were for us yeah we started early and
Jack's gonna be coming here I'm marrying
a man that's famous on the internet for
his voice but I like Rich's voice lots
of people don't too bad they don't have
to listen to it
you hate my laugh I know that only know
what causes me it causes me great
destroy don't hate your laugh I just
hate how loud you get you get like
ear-splitting levels of and will be like
in a public place and I'm like ah or
you'll do it like an inch from my head
so I cuddled up together and so this
funny I don't hate your laugh I guess
your laugh is legendary I like his voice
just fine he's got a good voice got a
sweet voice when I think of his voice I
think of sweet things that he said he's
like extra sweet when he's being sweet
you know they say you should never stop
laughing don't tend to
they say your laugh sounds like angels
dog
I'm sorry Clarence
I'm sorry Clarence attaboy Clarence I
like heck but what a fact about saying
no the wet ass thing again kind of if
you want to have a shiny ass the kind of
need like oil or something cuz asses are
kind of like water beads on them in a
video game you just need the right
texture applied to you by the person who
made model oh yeah these are video games
video games aren't real they say your
left your left cures cancer that's
common thing I hear that a lot somebody
else says it gave you crip their left
gave you your B laugh gave them
crippling diabetes all people close to
rich become deaf to certain frequencies
I believe that does anyone call rich
dick his grandmother did yeah we hadn't
he had an uncle that the family called
dick here in the end my grandmother
couldn't tell the difference between us
yeah when his grandmother yeah I mean
she was she was old and she had dementia
I guess yeah and and so when she was
going really senile she would confuse
rich her grandson with her son who they
called dick who was also a Richard yep
who he was named after and who passed
away young um so yeah yeah his
grandmother called him dick I think your
mom called you dick I think so yeah his
mom's side of the family your your uncle
maybe I think your uncle calls you dick
yeah yeah his mother's side is about the
older older relatives on his mother's
side of the family call him dick but his
friends all call him rich except for his
I have no idea for some reason my
sister's on my dad's side yeah his
sister's yeah he's got he's got his
parents had him that I was rude yeah his
parents had him and that's the only
child they had those two people together
and they got divorced when he was tiny
and they both remarried and they married
different people you know they both
remarried and they both had more
children and his sister's on his
father's side call call him Ricky Ricky
for some reason nobody calls me rich
nobody else calls him Ricky everybody
else calls him rich except for a couple
of elderly relatives one or two elderly
relatives on his mother's side who calm
dick
the Evans family truth digs what was
your grandfather's name was he John John
okay so no if there's a if there's a
great-uncle the big or small Tetons in
the family - yeah yeah there's a lot of
John's your uncle John your grandfather
John your brother on your mother's side
John your uncle's John yeah
that's John's every dick and down and
hairy fuck Wow some people still name
the kids Tom people name the kids dick
but they call them rich do I want not
too many Harry's now it's like every
Aiden Michael and what do people name
their sons a lot now no it's a try shop
thing I've never got this one
your brother Darrell your other brother
Darryl listening my name is Larry I
think my name is Larry him it's my
brother Darrell this mother brother
Darrell why does Richard Merritt five
nicknames was like rich and Rick he's
talking the names our middle names oh I
thought they're talking about all the
different forms that's yes I you know
I'll tell you all this good reason why
richard has so many nicknames was such a
common name yeah but like Harry doesn't
have a bunch of different nicknames and
Tom doesn't have a bunch of nicknames
hmm I mean nobody calls the mass or I
guess or I don't know for a second I
thought they were talking about middle
names Richard William Thomas Evans well
we know why we have a theory about that
yeah pretty good serious I stick it out
of my vagina I want to know how does
Amanda wait wait wait wait you know you
gotta set that up
you gotta set that up Rich's mother is
the sixth of seven children six boys one
girl yes remember kept em she wanted a
girl my girl with a water girl yeah and
she kept havin kids there were all
fuckin boys until his mother and then
she thought her luck could change but
she had another boy and then she when
she died she was uh nope and I think
that there were some some miscarriages
too but I have no idea what the sex of
those was probably were when you have
seven children that seven children who
grow to adulthood my mother just wanted
to get as many of them out of the
fucking way as possible yes she's like
okay well Richard William Thomas I'll
take care of my brother dick I'll take
care of my brother Tom and I'll take
care of my brother bill and then she had
John I got two other good ones you got a
son John she had a son your other son
John he's yeah I get two very good yeah
you got to the good you ready heard
uncle he died before you were yeah yeah
Bills Bills of sight oh yeah your Uncle
Tom was a prick your uncle bill is great
tom is an asshole
he is a fucking asshole see the one of
those in California
no it's Chuck okay I honestly without us
are away from the family as he possibly
could he stayed there when there's when
there's six it's hard to keep track and
I know there's there was there was John
and he was a character for the
Agis is a horrible alcoholic and he's
part of the reason I don't drink yeah I
was being nice man man drunk himself to
death yeah I got the body building in
there I'm still scarred for life his
Uncle John I got into bodybuilding for a
while and one day I was even still
living with his grandmother one day I'm
I'm walking up the driveway getting
ready to go in the house via the back
door which is how you got in there
usually go knock on the back door and
who's coming the other way but is Uncle
John in a pink speedo with a fake bake
in his 60s
honestly I'm scarred for life then
what's up biggest biggest asshole I
don't know if I want to get it yeah but
he was just you know Oh New York fuckin
murder yeah he goes to like my
grandmother's funeral oh no I thought
you meant no that's not what I'm
thinking oh you got a suppose I'm
thinking of that of when he went to you
so you're fucking her yet every boy's
got a dip is wick we want to get creepy
only we're just friends at that point
Irish on you but yeah we're not even a
couple yet yeah it wasn't so you're
fucking her yet is it new your business
usual are you talking you dip in your
wig yeah who says that yeah yeah the
funeral fingers when one Michael my
grandma died party I was going that one
up we're getting ready to put her in the
mortuary in a coffin and he shoves his
way oh no no let's let's let's start
this at work okay so the priest wanted
all the children to put their hands on
the casket that's that's where we get
into this oh yeah and so did the drunken
uncle who spent the entire day walking
around with one pant leg rolled up and
not noticing he goes and he shoves his
waited way to the front goes me first
I'm the oldest
the first I'm the oldest yeah you have
to put a classy man what a classy
fucking man he was a dick except that
the uncle who was called dick wasn't a
dick yeah go who's called John was the
dick yeah so he was the he was the black
shape
