Episode 788
Sounds like an Energy Drink (Part 2)
June 30, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=03phPW_a8Xk
___________________________________________

anonymous says yeah
what are your thoughts on the new Big
Bang spin-off show young Sheldon I think
it's highly offensive to young people to
nerds The Big Bang Theory is there that
character Sheldon I hate that kind of
stock nerd character it doesn't actually
exist anywhere in real life right right
no I mean you know they're gonna make
the show they're gonna make that the
things gonna make money nothing we can
do about it
hey really oh hello
not in a sense yeah while we're talking
about great cartoons what do you think
of Bob's Burgers I'd also say Steven
universe is pretty good despite being
able to show it to kids skull face was
the Metal Gear Solid 5 villain by the
way oh that's right dude have us I'll
bet you I'll bet you there's a savage
dragon character called skull face I'll
bet you there might you know I'm we're
probably both right I'm not doubting you
that that's a metal gear solid 5 villain
but that is totally an Erik Larsson
character I could picture them as far as
Bob burgers um I haven't gone out of my
way to watch the whole series but
whenever I watch whenever I've seen
Bob's Burgers I've I've tended to like
it it's a fine show you know I feel the
exact same way about Bob's Burgers I've
seen a couple episodes and enjoyed it
and just haven't gotten around to seeing
like a season or two worth oh really
that much oh yeah I seen a handful of
episodes Steven universe I watched all
of season 1 really enjoyed that that was
when I could watch with my kids so I
liked that Steven universe was the
latter part of that the skull face skull
face right Oh Steven universe awesome
yeah I mentioned man that's a good joke
that's really fun show everything full
of heart rich you might it might I hate
it you might be it might be a little too
schmaltzy for you it might be a tad too
schmaltzy that's why I like it oh it's
just the Steven is so optimistic about
everything
skull-faced confirmed as an Eric Larsen
character yeah I knew it some blue guy
in chat says Wow 39 rich you don't look
a day over 50 any plans for your 40th
birthday what about you jack
also since no one else seems to care
Jack would you recommend the surge I
think it looks good alright by the way
that's how we do it on this show we
don't really talk about the game yes I'm
about to get to a boss and I'm gonna
show you a problem I've been having and
we're gonna see if I continue to have
that problem or if magically we're able
to does that does that problem involve
you getting good so I've done all this
before like no I'm sorry I find that you
know what I'm sorry cuz I was trying to
answer your question honestly instead of
just taking it as that the dig is at me
but so this part of the game is really
fun and you know I like the combat it's
very smooth and it feels really good to
rip people apart yeah and you know there
is that kind of strategy element to it
where you say oh his arm looks really
neat I want that power up but it's
armored so it'll take longer do it maybe
if there's no one else around some and
all of that feels very nice I had a big
problem with this enemy and their armor
system where I could not figure out how
to beat the first boss so I'm saying
this looks derivative and dumb um I
could see where you would come to that
conclusion and everything to some degree
derivative like most things are sure
what was the line I'm not saying there
isn't one I'm just saying what was the
last really really unique game in terms
of what I know in terms of not ripping
something else off to some degree to
some major degree this is this is like
Dark Souls this is on other generic
third-person shooter sure well so then
we can obviously look at something like
demon souls ride which was the precursor
to Dark Souls which created its own
sub-genre a game where you wouldn't say
this is like some important this is an
important question rich cop Temari
dumbest II oh nice the last the last
shower with your dad simulator game no
cuz that truck game was essentially a
platformer the truck game was a 3d plus
pretty pretty neat huh pretty unique
cluster truck
yeah pretty unique sure but uh yeah
necessarily the question isn't like is
it the best thing ever just right is it
pretty unique like you wouldn't say it
is like like you know it's a platformer
but you wouldn't say cluster truck is
like Mario you wouldn't say that oh okay
sure yeah yeah then cluster truck can
count and you know I'm trying to go back
to my brain back catalogue of the
millions of games we've played the last
game that wasn't like something might be
cluster truck could be cluster truck I
love that Katamari Damacy example of
just like a truly yeah yeah a unique
game dusters nice beefcake they exist
they definitely exist dissectors is a
whole loca unique game there you go
something like something yeah yeah
they're out there they're out there
that's a good question though like could
you put FTL on that list is that
possible I could what would you say FTL
is like right that no that's what I mean
that's what I'm saying
snipper clips yeah yeah they're all over
the fucking place we're fine gamings
fine don't worry but again he's fine
unique games release all the time try
not being such a closed-minded old man I
just I just said I wasn't saying it's
never happened I was just curious what
the last one wasn't how many just trying
to quantify this you jackass judge
frowny face I'll take I'll take issue
with using splatoon as an example
because splatoon is you can just say oh
it's like a third person shooter online
but you use ink instead like these
possibly it's borderline Osler line
splatoon is very cute and creative but I
think it's really the ink swim mechanics
a pretty pretty major deviation from
your normal online shooter to me that's
just a that's just a character movement
that is just a quirk of character
movement
I'm happy
there we go
Justin wait wait I'm a summer monkey b85
says hi Wreckers rich I just heard about
the GMP Angelfire page says you guys
made oh my god
scrolls and I can't do anything about it
you made eight feature films why have we
not seen the long walk home chicks
Malone or general Gore's series they
look amazing because the terrible we
made these things when we were like in
high school and early college they're
awful that's why you haven't seen them
which here's here's something if you're
a filmmaker don't show your early works
around put those a drawer somewhere and
forget about them it's important to make
them you got to make them but maybe
don't put them on the internet for
everyone to see
wait until you figured that shit out
shit
yes two more he's rich and he plans on
checking out brutal doom 64 I just
started playing it myself and it's a
blast the sprites are a little ugly but
the gameplay is great
fuck you I have no immediate plans to
but I I wouldn't rule it out entirely
and the haka and the hawk AP or I can
clearly make out a hawk in there and
there's some other letters around it I'm
not sure what the the intended
pronunciation is sure no Hawk up that's
what I'm gonna say
it's a speaking of things you don't want
to watch here's bribe money in hopes
either of you would be receptive to
critiquing some concert footage I shot
slash cobbled together
thanks I am not receptive to critiquing
your concert footage I am not at all
receptive to that thank you
it seems like a very strange request I'm
gonna be super honest with you
of all the things that we could watch
and critique that makes the least amount
of sense to me but hey you do you I'll
give you a refund if you want you cannot
be bought no we can be bought right what
do you tell them oh shit oh shit it's 25
cents 20 bucks you you want you would
watch concert footage concert footage
let's some go shop for 20 bucks oh did
he did he provide a link provide jack a
link and Jack will do this and he
provided you nothing there's nothing
useful I can say about concert footage I
am useless sir a sent me an e-mail
prereq at red letter media Jack was
bought for the extremely low price of 20
bucks I mean I I'm gonna I'm gonna watch
no more than two minutes I will watch
two minutes of your concert footage ten
bucks a minute that's what you get I
guess I split it all with rich so five
bucks a minute but hey
yeah fine I don't care Shion hard truth
fucker says hey guys just curious what
clip with each of you picked to sell T
and G I've no desire to sell you on shed
if you like it that's great but like
what you like man I'm not a I'm not a
fucking TNG Priest nice
decapitation fuckin paramount doesn't
give me any money I'm not gonna shoulder
shit
sure sure you're not gonna show their
short rap why can't I say words I've
often wondered that rich and I'll be
honest with you I've just chalked it up
to you don't want to that's not it
that's not it
fart bubbler says Richard Edlund
non-sensitive bag says hey both that's
just just it's just fucking lazy man hey
both fucking lazy or is it lazy or
efficient oh all right I'm gonna go with
efficient time says I got him my first
car wreck after 15 years safe driving
last week oh of course it was right
after I bought my new car do either of
you have experience slash stories about
car accidents yes yes this is terrifying
I could have easily have died I got hit
head-on by a semi what there's a reason
I survived cuz I like the Oh God all
right back when I was working
construction I just got a new frickin
car too I was like I ended up getting
Karen's car from her and it was a good
deal on that it was just a brand new car
and it was really new I didn't have
insurance yet that's that's the double
tragedy I'm on my way home from work I'm
on 94 which that's pretty fucking huge
highway it's a big big big highway yeah
and there's this motherfucking semi to
the left of me and I'm I must be in its
blind spot because he just starts
drifting into my lane I'm about to get
knocked in the side by this giant
fucking semi that does not see me at all
so III swerve maybe I swerved to my
right to not to not get hit yeah and the
car in that lane I had to hit my brakes
not to rear-end that car so I swerved to
get out of the way this semi that's
coming into my lane and then I have to
slam on my brakes so I don't rear-end
this SUV I ended up spinning out like
completely uncontrollable spin on 94 the
semi that was behind me was I was a
couple of semis on a freaking road hit
me like head-on but it was like it only
it's scraped my door off if straighten
the entire fucking side of the car off
so I was head-on but it was like is they
going like
a fraction of an inch of the car that it
caught right that's terrif like like
like the side of my car look like a
fucking like you know - opening the top
and I go tuna can or something that was
awful that that sounds awful I like like
it matter of an inch I would be dead you
know that sounds terrifying truck that I
had to swerve not to get hit by in the
first place yeah I just kept going of
course just kept going oh yeah yeah
you have a car crash sorry not nothing
that can compare to that nothing that
intense
ah yeah yeah I mean I've gotten into a
couple fender benders here and there but
no nothing nothing that can compete with
that story
the Ayatollah of rock and Rolla
verses related to riches worried about
fire flying I know someone who refuses
to watch the last episode of Cowboy
Bebop because he doesn't want it to end
hmm what are your guys most painful TV
series cancellations this is one I would
have to like I don't know if I can
answer this just off the top of my head
I would need to think about this right I
would need to think about this okay here
is who's the boss
this is the main guy always huh why did
the main gun blow up I think it was just
supposed to be cute cute yeah okay so
you see there's the red health meter and
then there's that yellow meter on the
bottom right yeah okay so now watch what
happens when I hit out fuck you watch
what happens when I hit it's like if I
can not die no bye dad
okay great great all right everything's
great don't worry you know I don't I
don't have any like painful cancellation
memories like you know for example was I
thinking oh you know like what show I
kinda enjoyed and I got I was bummed
that it only got picked up for like half
a season was a studio 60 on the Sunset
Strip yeah if you if you like Aaron
Sorkin at all i heated west wing and he
did sports night and he wrote a few good
men that kind of that kind of shit yeah
he's a good writer and he had this show
about late-night comedy programs and it
wasn't really good like it had a lot of
problems but I liked the characters and
Bradley Whitford was in it Matthew Perry
and it had some good they had some fun
care yeah and it just didn't get a
chance to find its legs and it was like
yeah you know that could have been a fun
show I can say I can think of many shows
that I've been really disappointed with
that just got bad how about that how
about Jericho Jericho Jericho I'm sad
that got canceled you familiar with that
um not familiar with Jericho Oh Jericho
is a great premise okay
partly because of the mystery nobody
really knows exactly what happened but
somebody set off nuclear bombs in like
all of the major US cities oh okay that
communication is down so nobody real in
this it takes place in this small town
that's you know it's far enough away
it's not relatively unaffected that they
have to worry about fallout and
everything in the country just blows up
except for my
nobody's getting any TV stations nobody
knows what's going on and she's trying
to get by or trying to organize yeah
less like like a season and a half wait
this never happened before how did he
get down I don't know how did he get
nice I'm talking about Jericho this
sounds like a good premise it's a great
premise so it's like it's like a
survival it's like a survival it was
like some kind of mystery because it
turns out there is a bomb in the city
just the guy who was supposed to set it
off didn't set it off it's in somebody's
basement all right so yeah I got really
frustrated with this enemy because as
you can see here like you have to build
up that orange bar before oh oh oh oh I
knocked him down again how did cut damn
it how did I knock him down I don't
fucking know I know you don't know but
science cuz you filled up the yellow
meter Noah the yellow meter wasn't
filled up that time so the boss gets its
gets hit by his own missiles it gets
stunned oh is that what I have to do
this is the farthest I have gotten in
this boss fight so far
fuck you there's somebody in the chat
said it wasn't worth canceling TNG for
the movies or ending TNG for the movies
I'll disagree with that I'll say TNG the
show ended at the right time it was
starting to get bad hmm they actually
added it at just the right time ha ha ok
you know what I I was not able to figure
this boss out before and I'm doing it
this time so then it's great that we're
doing it on stream oh shit
see but he knocks down there dude I
don't think he had missiles oh oh come
on why am I not hitting him there we go
hit him there we go oh well shit there
we go
I was having I was having so much
problems with his boss on my own that I
was becoming a little disillusioned with
the game because I never got him to get
AI I wasn't unable to get him knocked
down before so boom
great great all right we're gonna go
into some is anything I can take from
our oh shit fuck you it's wrong guy
sorry good how hard it says I'm from
Cincinnati which makes really weird
chili using cinnamon and cocoa cocoa
hookah go come on Coco whatever do you
speak words ever everyone from there
from here loves it any local food that
you feel represents Milwaukee the best
yeah any food yeah should we got cheese
curds yeah yeah cheese curds is kind of
the greatest poor man's mozzarella stick
yeah basically you know what they're
poppers they're like they're like
mozzarella stick poppers
oh we got custard that's what we got
over anyone else we got custard which is
which is like ice cream only fattier
because it's made with like eggs and
cream and more sugar
okay so custard is a goddamn treat what
else we got in Milwaukee we got the
butter burger that's just the
cheeseburger then call what they want to
call it it's just a fucking cheeseburger
no no not like like even call even
Culver's doesn't do the butter burger
all right you got to go - I think it's
Leon's there's like a one place on the
north side that makes honest-to-goodness
butter burger and all really all it is
is a hamburger with just way more butter
than you would ever put on that yeah
it's they say you're just reading
Culver's menu guess what about Culver
it's a Midwest thing some Wisconsin
things specifically write something on
it not like there's none other place
yeah it was a where they started isn't
it yeah no and Culver doesn't do the
butter burger justice like the butter
burger is drenched in butter and it's
gorgeous
and cheese curds yeah that's it's all
Culver because Culver is in Wisconsin
restroom what else does Wisconsin do
really well beer we have more we have
more breweries per capita than just
about anywhere
we are brew City what does a butter
burger specifically and just butter on
the bun or something
I don't know there's butter on the bun
that is then toasted uh and then know
there's like butter like I don't know
what's in it like it's like melted
butter on the patty and they're very
thin patties it's look it up it's
incredible
okay the if you guys watch America's
Test Kitchen at all the the PBS cooking
show which is a really great cooking
show they did a whole episode on how to
make your own butter burger
and look into it sweepers Culver's gone
down in quality over the years you're a
crazy person
mmm I hate the fries I never really
liked it well I don't hate them they're
just bland as fuck yeah the fines could
use all Culver's are this definition of
bland fries yeah you don't go for the
fries that's my problem though I
there's no good side in culver cheese
curds that's not a side then you're
doing it wrong man okay like I should
should try to not die as soon as
possible
listen Culver's is it sometimes food
okay we fool gone wild says is there any
chance you guys will play through hollow
night
thank you guys will love it it's
extremely good and mechanics driven well
apparently 58 games came out in the last
two weeks that we need to play hollow
Knight was that so was that Metroid like
cutesy game where he plays the little
bunny thing okay is it good
I don't know I don't know if I'll ever
get around to it at this rate
Ozzie Baxter's is hello rich Evans
hello I am Jack Chris oh no Roger Moore
that's true and Rendell's girlfriend and
clerks rough week death sucks is that
true really Roger Moore dead I was
thinking it Randle's girlfriend and
clerks
oh she's probably I'm really young yeah
Roger I'm not I'm not shocked I haven't
heard about Randle's girlfriend and
clerks because obviously we don't even
know what her name is
I am shocked I haven't heard about Roger
Moore wait Randall's girlfriend or
Dante's Randle's girlfriend and clerks
run Randy
didn't have a girlfriend in clerks I'm
reading the thing Dante had a girlfriend
and clerks sure yes I never remember
this huh yes so clerks too
could this be a thing no he did not have
many cooks to Dante's ex okay sorry yeah
it's Dante's okay okay
yeah yeah that's Roger Moore passed away
Chris Cornell who like I have no
particular love for except for except
for you know I grew up in the 90s so
Soundgarden was everywhere
but like you know yeah yeah I know I
know he had he has a he was struggling
with addiction that Chris Cornell yeah
so it might have been amazing rock star
struggling with addiction oh oh my god
how tragic
settle down settle down rich I did you
know what I thanks to his suicide or was
it suicide it was just a suicide that
Chris Cornell yeah I learned that it's a
black hole Sun that like a Sun and it
makes much less sense to me you never
knew his black hole say I'm not a music
guy I wanna say though these things
that's the name of the Sun no black hole
Sun won't you come wash away the pain
it's a song literally about wanting the
earth to catch on fire it's a song about
it it's a song about wanting everything
to die rich it's the it's the heat death
of the universe aw I don't pay attention
to lyrics I don't get that obsessive
about music Oh rough week death sucks
jack yeah will you lift my spirits and
say superhot as only you can
lol and peace supe what super hot super
hot
oh yeah press why when facing an enemy
to attack it with my drone what okay
here's where we get into some
differences rich I get an attack drone
yep
which has no sympathy for dead addicts
no it just has no shock for dead addicts
there we go there we go more accurate J
frisk chooses alien covenant is the
perfect example of trying to fix
something until it's broken I've not
been hearing good things happen Sam
never probably never going to see it
them's the breaks
some blue guy in chances all the
livestreams i watch yours is the only
one that hasn't done player unknowns
battleground yet well I've never even
fucking heard of him any plans on
streaming it apparently it's fixed a lot
of the problems its predecessors had I
even know what the fuck it is it's
player I known about aground I've heard
about it really never heard about this
I've heard the name and that's about as
far as I can go I just know it's a game
people are playing at the moment which I
know it ain't much
Oh where's my drone where's my drone
what do you mean not enough energy oh
they're starting to scream now oh that's
disturbing now they're starting to
scream in pain Becky got plates is rich
fart bag is a brilliant improvement over
whoopee cushion do any of your friends
realize you're actually a natural
wordsmith yeah I know thanks um
sometimes genius isn't appreciated until
after you die and the brakes
renegade keyword says rich got here late
are you planning to stream tomorrow
vanquish unlocks in 12 hours are we
gonna get non-stop Vanquish streams cuz
that would be fucking awesome hello Sam
my gideon probably gonna be busy
tomorrow probably not gonna stream
probably gonna be busy filming something
around we have plans to film something
or other we there will be a vanquished
stream then will happen it will happen
Wow this weapon it's just like a fin on
my arm she just got the one weapon you
don't get like two arms on I don't know
maybe there's a two-handed weapon
right
wait you do 42 now it was a weapon from
the boss
oh yeah sure that was his big sword that
he was hitting me with yeah that's neat
that's neat cool yeah I was just in here
and I saw I could upgrade that thing and
I didn't know quite what it was I need
some tungsten alloy up in here
crane han christ says hi jack and rich -
jack what do you ever listen to the band
wean they're kind of undefinable like
They Might Be Giants and would probably
be right up here I think we talked about
this a couple streams ago oh here's what
I know about ween
I know two things about ween they have
one amazing song called push the little
daisies and make them come up you know
that one which pushing the little
daisies it's like it's got like an
electric guitar that's not distorted
yeah you and it's a guy with like a
high-pitched voice and says you push
these and make them come up and watch
them grow what you go you gotta push it
or daisies and make them come up that
sounds exactly as obnoxious as peanut
butter jelly time it's not though like
it's as Hulst that's the chorus that's
the chorus to this much greater song so
the rest of it is like operatic and in
classical and no grand kind of I wish I
could remember any other words to sing
the the verses but it's a very weird
song they're like an arthouse band like
they're like a they're like a we make
abrasive music purposefully to to to uh
to poke at society's norms like they
recorded an album on like a co-op farm
or something it's a whole it's a whole
thing and so I know that about them and
I know that they were in the it spat
movie they were a driving force in the
it spat movie
that's that's my entire working
knowledge of Wien these are not good
things I'm not saying they are scuba
double-o one says our Mike and Jay the
only ones that see a movie before a half
in the bag episode or do rich Josh Jack
Freddie Williams go - usually it's just
Jay and Mike sometimes like if it's a
movie I'm interested in I'll just say
hey what I'm seeing it goes like like
Mad Max fury road tag along for that for
sure
yeah I know they got they got some free
tickets some some like early screeners -
the new Evil Dead movie the Evil Dead
and they know I'm a fan and so they
invited me along so I could see that
like hey we got some pre screener
tickets be welcome see that we saw
guardians with them all just because
there's like God's movie we're all
generally interested in it's just one of
those things like hey you guys might
like this movie let's all watch it
together do they do they shoot all half
on the bags after having seen the movie
immediately I usually think I mean not
necessarily I don't I know there's a set
rule for that
which are you going to build another
wheel of the worst no it's the last time
we're ever gonna see a wheel the worst
we're never gonna do it again gone
forever an entire wall I have full of
random VHS tapes it's just gonna sit
there as long we're not gonna do
anything with it I forever and you know
what good riddance yeah I said it
how was your game going Jack how was
your game doing it's going it's it's
going fine these guys might be a problem
there's supposed to be yeah maybe they
were friendly they weren't acting insane
get him it got my little drone buddy now
get out of there get out of it oh god I
got stuck I got stuck in a wall yeah you
got stuck and dieded I got stuck
indicted ah you know is it's fine
actually now that I beat that boss
I guess my complaint is it's a little
too easy but now I'm dying again so I
got used to that first level they're
saying pull with the drone pull with the
drum I mean you sure they attack you are
they NPCs they don't look like zombies
they're just standing there like people
oh this guy attacks okay for sure he
doesn't seem for a zombie ish so maybe
all right well what's going on here
story wise exactly um I don't know how
about that all right
the story wise exactly I'm still
fighting my way through or I got on a
train after the junkyard and now I'm in
a train station area but everyone still
seems to be attacking me so story wise I
got fuck-all man I got fuck right all
but you got hired for a job I did this
is just a trap that's what oh you just
are you just a guinea pig jack but it
went wrong that's very possible
nice I'm like in my Finn hand seems to
work very well these Dark Soul clones
lack the style and tone of Dark Souls
they do they do that is a true statement
from supposedly working on a science
fiction game oh so they won't just
attack me right out if I cross the line
they tell me it's a restricted area are
you supposed to not go in there I don't
know oh well you know we'll stay away
for now we'll go over here
yeah blood-borne two is rumored or I
don't even know if like they told people
no did they know this is sci-fi Dark
Souls know like like ages ago that from
software we talked about well maybe
it'll be good they have a really nice
sense of art design I'd like to see from
steak on aliens ran alien species but we
had this conversation
yes shit man unless you made a mistake
and you thought this is gonna be made by
them or something I don't I don't
fucking know
very one very possible oh wait I wanted
your weapon he had a cool weapon damn it
in Warhammer Dark Souls and its bye-bye
for me war hammers would work as a Souls
game oh my god they lacked a distinct
styles and tone well you know like and
that's true and you know part of part of
the the draw to those games is how
engaging the world is you know and this
world is not necessarily engaging I
don't know if that's there fuck you the
only thing I have to say about
Manchester is that nobody should have to
die for the Invisible Man in the sky
that is such a disgusting waste makes me
sick yeah I mean not even that like just
for any reason yeah yeah yeah yeah
absolutely and and to do that to fucking
between concerts yeah you do that to
kids she's yeah what an asshole
what an utter asshole on top of that to
do it to kids
yeah yeah
people complained about alien covenant
being too similar to alien yet they
wanted the neill blomkamp sequel that
would have been too similar to aliens
this is the problem with trying to make
changes to a simple premise if it's two
different people complain it's too
similar people complain if you try to
meet halfway people complain so either
way you can't please anyone well yes but
I think my issue here is they just don't
need to make any more alien movies well
and you know what here's the thing I I'm
yeah you're right they don't need to it
could still be done right I'd like to
give you an example of Mad Max fury road
we did not need another Mad Max movie
they didn't find something a little bit
different to do with it though did you
know that the previous movies were a lot
more grounded like grittier and this is
exaggerated right fury road is
exaggerated it's dreamlike at times yeah
it's beautiful but I guess what I'm
saying is like all you really need in
this situation is a director with a
strong vision with an idea yeah yeah
okay okay and George Miller had that
with fury road and it's sounding like
Ridley Scott just didn't have it right
this is actually something that could
work in our the movie-going audiences
favor as far as the new Blade Runner is
concerned it is given to a director who
has a very strong vision and a very good
voice well as far as I'm concerned when
played from they got nowhere to go but
up in the first place
right I know god damn it gosh dang it
rich
yeah give me those arms oh shit there's
another one
fury road has way too much dialogue
which I gotta say that's a complain I
never thought I would hear about fury
road what that almost has to be trolling
probably yeah I'm not baited that easily
right sometimes I am NOT in this
particular instance you're way too
obvious
Ozzy Baxter since
look at these weapons that's not what I
was you Baxter says Ozzie Baxter says
what would the mirror mirror versions of
YouTube be like I see all jacked with
the goatee and aunt rich with an
eyepatch plot twist
they're both religious zealots and hate
video games lol spark oh yeah we would
be we would be religious zealots who
actively promote video games causing the
downfall of society that would be the
that would be the dark versions of us
would we like the prequels not many
universe here's here's who's the the
twist is we still wouldn't like the
prequels only because we also think
movies turn people gay and that's a sin
to us all movies okay we don't watch
movies or play video games
I found out the most shocking thing the
other day oh you're talking for real
you're not reading it - no no no okay my
Mormon sister yeah a lot of time just
pretty pretty conservative hmm in
general apparently she's going to some
kind of like Scottish folk dancing class
up in New Berlin Scottish folk Scottish
some kind of Scottish traditional
dancing something or other all right all
right it's because my sis my other
sister lives in Scotland oh you're right
right right it's the restive reason for
learning that sure what okay cuz she was
in the area and we had dinner my
ultra-conservative sister I found out
was a Bernie supporter really blew my
mind absolutely blew my mind this is
what that's very strange
oh and that's how I know Bernie would
have won if she would have voted for him
oh my god oh my god right but he lost
because Hillary squashed him with the
backstabbing he didn't have the numbers
if it were brewing and said hey Larry
yeah but have been a fucking landslide a
motherfucking landslide I agree but I
also think that's a kind of a moot point
because he couldn't muster the numbers
to defeat Hillary so then it just
doesn't matter she was a conniving bitch
who actually killed my faith in the
American system yes nah man I think a
lot of that's really great I'll be
honest with you I'll be honest with you
Bernie's got a lot I'm saying is we can
blame Trump on Hillary and I do no no
you can blame Trump on on people
thinking that they were equally bad the
the the pervasive thought that that
Hillary was just as bad as Trump is why
we have Trump and that's on the people
and you know we're finding out now that
a lot of
that was very purposeful because of
because of the Russians having this big
campaign to smear Hillary to reinforce
this idea that she was just as bad when
an in actuality we're seeing the kind of
badness that can happen so no no I don't
I don't think that I think a lot of
people were duped rich I think a lot of
good people were duped nope
Hillary was evil now the gun says alien
covenant was great seen it five times
already rich doesn't want to believe
that he was do but then do you need to
see the sequel promised in aliens
Xenomorphs invade a futuristic cityscape
I predict we will see a Blade Runner
alien crossover set up oh that could be
fun family that sounds dumb
I know she'll take me up on it but I
told my sister open invitation anytime
she wants to crash stream she's like up
in town for her dad's thing and
afterwards oh yeah
I'll stream in her i'll stream in an off
day just to just have her on your
mormons sister my mormon sister yeah all
right maybe great she's sweet people all
right I've never met her yes chat Russia
caused alien covenant absolutely
absolutely
is that what we were talking about
Russia causing alien covenant
why did I lose my bits you don't know
you don't know where I lost my bits oh I
was up that's right that's right
I was up
I'm not strong enough for these guys yet
you need to level up I need to level up
you need to grind uh I don't know like I
just went up there maybe I'm not
supposed to be up there yet okay maybe
it's one of those go a different
direction and we're telling you to go a
different direction because you're dying
too much did you eventually kill those
two guys and you just avoid that area
what do guys the two guys who I said
might be NPCs I just avoided that area
okay maybe try that again yeah he'll do
there yeah I think there's more room to
go a different direction - I just found
an elevator so I went up it but I now I
need to go back there and get my scrap
back because I got like 3000 scrap which
might be able to get me some upgrade
system stuff I should go back and
upgrade my weapons and stuff I haven't
been using my drone either
chick foxes hello jack and rich hi Chuck
I want to recommend blame pronounced
blam on Netflix the mind-blowing setting
seems like a great fit for sci-fi Dark
Souls takes place in a post apocalypse
like hzd it's a anime it is great I
don't know I have any idea heads up no
idea it's an anime I just saw that today
I was I was I had a sowed of master of
none
have you seen master of none Aziz Ansari
no I'm thinking of the Dana Carvey movie
master of disguise very different very
different movie no this is a Aziz Ansari
and just kind of very autobiography
biography oh really funny show really
funny show so I had one of those on and
Netflix Netflix was also recommending
blame so I took a look at it and I saw
that it was anime and I said maybe later
Kuras is Jack I'm Jack when will you
guys be streaming the Friday the 13th
game is it comes out on Friday there we
go
opening Jake joined since I haven't seen
him on stream in a while also maybe we
could play with you guys LOL aids first
of all we tried playing with you guys
once with another game like Friday the
13th and you all cheated presumably yeah
I'd know for sure I could have just
sucked that band or the game was gonna
design that bad
sure or they could have cheating was
possible
oh nice
no I think they were cheating you know
why rich they're cheaters
rich did your sisters say why she was a
Bernie supporter well she's ever if she
ever does come on the stream you'll have
to ask don't have to ask yeah
interesting I guess there was no
upcoming actual Friday on a 13th that
they could release it on its for oh yeah
Friday it's not the 13 oh yeah they
probably looked ahead and like our shit
shit like years shit but not not even
waiting until like early you know like
early in October which is interesting
you would think they would they would
want to wait until they were a little
closer to Halloween do you think it's
not until October well it'd be the
perfect fucking time to release this
thing right fuck unless the unless
they're thinking we get it out now
get all the bugs fixed and then put out
like a DLC in October yeah 13 plus 13
equals 26 it is so stupid
there's lame is that their reason Friday
the 13th has nothing to do with
Halloween except for that it's a scary
movie
it is a Halloween movie like you know
they just delayed the game another
probably don't want to delay it would
probably just increase their selves in
the long run cuz then you got more of an
event and you got a Halloween coming up
and an interest in horror
now when October rolls around I'll just
be that game that's been out for months
what's the newest release that's a
horror related
and I care about what their SEC right
this is rich teasing his sister on
stream I that's up to her I would love I
would love to have around anytime she
wants oh yeah we have no plans so that's
not necessarily teasing that's not what
teasing is but yeah Chuck Fox's bottle
cap also bottle cap I should recommend
the comics of blam instead there you go
kind of pricey but well worth it oh
never mind
the premise is a poached apocalypse in a
city that is automatically expanding via
robots
sorry chat automatically expanding via
robots I think they're asking if you're
making fun of your sister no I'm
actually just shocked that she voted
that way everything I know about her has
been conservative very very conservative
right strongly conservative right and
the fact that she got swayed to Bernie
he's sort of one
he's so what if she and he won her over
yeah he would have fucking won by a
fucking mile Wow like I said that just
blew my mind
that's a hard game to play because you
also had a lot of Bernie supporters who
then decided to support Trump which
makes no sense
ideologically anger and like I said
anger the misinformation campaign they
and he couldn't get the votes to even
win the democratic nation like they saw
the best chance this country have and
like I don't like to take a political
side I'll say this about Bernie yeah
from my opinion I'm Bernie yeah he
passed every one of my bullshit
detectors Oh he seemed like a cynical
man I voted for him I could Vince I
could not find the hypocrisy and I was
like you know does he believe he does he
care about people yeah
people were mad at Hillary for crushing
that she was never gonna win you know it
was that kind of attitude that's what it
was bad it was her turn and that was the
attitude that fucked us all no you're
right it was her turn there was never
that that was something that people put
on her that was something you put on her
people had this idea in their head that
she was she would be just as bad as
trauma just another career a lot of
people have an idea and that's why she
did wind right right maybe it was a bad
idea to run or maybe people should stop
being idiots oh just what we need
another career politician I mean fuck
why do we need someone who knows what
they're doing we'll just fill be fine
it'll be fine doop do doop do doop
what's that dead bodies no it's just
dead bodies
what how do I get up there
tell me how to get up there and then
I'll help you out brother
yeah I'm fine
Clarence ad says bidden would have won
had he entered the rest yes that is an
equally valid argument he didn't have
the baggage of Hilary and could connect
better in the Midwest there you go
there you go and he wasn't running and
Bernie didn't get the numbers tired and
sad says what are your thoughts on
Robert Zemeckis being rumored to direct
the flash film is this just stalling
since the movie probably won't be made
yes right at this point oh man I think
the funny part was a mecca was their
fourth choice and if Zemeckis says no
we're gonna talk to DeNiro not to know I
fucked up that joke that's it Scorsese
lazy label no the joke was an even
better director Zemeckis is a good
director who was their fourth pick and
the joke was Scorsese who works a lot
with De Niro
please play something else nope
now this Rachel wants to we could talk
about politics while we're switching
games people love that right do people
like that now we try not to bring it up
because we know it stirs up a shitstorm
and everybody's got an opinion like rich
and I but you see how rich and I aren't
really yelling at each other we're just
talking that's an okay thing to do we
each think each other is wrong but hey
we're still being civil I've not I don't
even know there were Mad Max books not
there's Mad Max books I didn't know they
were Mad Max books I'm not surprised I
guess Mad Max is a violent universe I
guess so you guys think it's still work
in a book yeah I mean anything they make
them Conan came from books the visual
brutality of it all you know Australian
Conan the Barbarian it's fine the chat
has lost his mind
Oh No do we have to go into e mode only
mode Chad if you don't settle down the
mods will do it to be fair you and rich
are basically arguing over Bret or don't
hate each other though yeah no and I
mean rich knows and you all probably
know I voted for Bernie in the primaries
I would have loved burn him we just have
different different opinions on whoa
shit shit shit
god damn it oh I fucked up fucked up can
I just leave the area and they'll leave
me alone
or will they follow me
oh ah one follow me alright well I'll
take on one which have you seen
overboard the the Goldie Hawn and Kurt
Russell movie where he tricks an
amnesiac woman into being his wife
that's really creepy if you really think
about it not even if you really think
about it if you watch it it's really
creepy like I saw when I was like when I
came out I was a kid I fucking loved
that movie
yeah it's great it's like if you can
distance yourself some family-friendly
frame it is like if you can distance
yourself from the horror that is and and
by the way he turns her into a slave no
you're my wife you love cooking and
cleaning and watching the kids while I
go out and get drunk because I'm an
alcoholic who's unemployed it's okay
because she was a bitch to him that one
time when she hired him to like build
her closet on her yacht right oh I
remember shit that makes it okay to lie
about who she is when she falls
overboard and gets amnesia oh of course
shit oh I'm winning
never mind I'm winning never mind
boom oh great
Oh overboard do you remember do you
remember rich what what Kurt Russell's
dream was an overboard no I don't what
was the what was the big third act I
don't remember what was it like you know
he's a carpenter yeah it's a pretty good
carpenter if you remember like he built
her that whole amazing bookcase in her
boat Finnegan closets the mega closet
but it was the wrong wood type that's
why she got very mad at him but Kurt
Russell had a dream and the thing
they're working for the entire SEC a
second act that's the big you know the
big reveal on the third act is he wants
to build the best mini golf course in
the world do you remember this oh it's
by that's what I love this good cuz
we've went mini-golfing all the time oh
it's gonna have contraptions and you hit
the hole over here and it goes over here
and we're gonna build the best mini golf
course you've ever seen oh I just can't
get the money is that where they met
Goldie Hawn and Kurt Russell no I think
they were they were together they were
together it's like an amazingly long
relationship yeah two stars yeah and you
you know what that's also a relationship
where you see it and you go oh yeah
those two those two are made for each
other oh just a pair they're no longer
together right I think they are what I
think they just never got married oh
yeah that was their thing
these guys scream and that's creepy
tungsten alloy I need that
great great
got some tungsten alloy there yeah I
know already but how do I I don't
fucking know oh I see they are still
together
sweet sweet that's great
those two kids if they can make it work
anybody can I'm gonna do something
stupid let's see if that works to my
advantage where does this go that goes
over there no I bet that's it I bet
that's it I got a run left hand it's
doing nothing it's your left hand is
just fuck it's fucking useless jack yeah
I'd love a secondary I'd love a
secondary I can do this I can block but
I've met I never block right cuz why
block shit depends upon the game Jack
some games don't even know why they
bother fuck you this is the same guy
that killed me last time especially a
game with a really good dodge right I
probably should have blocked over there
they are still Paul that's by the way
that makes me happy that Kurt Russell
and Goldie Hawn have made it those two
kids
hunchback jack is saying am i right to
think Tarantino gave Kurt a Nene weed
career was it I'm something new was he
still working I think he was still
working he though Tarantino helped his
his Renaissance yeah oh shit a new
career okay yeah yeah much much like
Tarantino did with John Travolta and
much like he did kind of oh yeah I guess
he did rebirth Travolta
Volta and Kurt no Bruce Willis okay
without Tarantino he would have been but
he would have been fine without Aaron
brought him to another level also samuel
l.jackson brought him to another level
well he brought Samuel Jackson in most
emails around but he wasn't big at all
ever right that's what I'm saying he
brought him in links into a new level he
was around he was essentially I wouldn't
I would almost go as far as he
discovered him he practically discovered
so that's a stretch practically he was
possibly the first to utilize his
correctly what was his major role before
shot gun toting robber in coming to
America I know that but yeah that is not
a big part when was jurassic park
compared to Pulp Fiction
after laughter okay okay then shot gun
toting robber in coming to America
that's a I could be wrong
he might I'm pretty sure it was after
they met up in the same year you know I
don't know now I don't know it was
before they're saying it was before
Wow okay so Spielberg discovered Samuel
Jackson you know what yeah he was in
Jurassic Park but it wasn't a very huge
and memorable part he you know what he
wasn't samuel l.jackson in Jurassic Park
yes right yes he wasn't the samuel
l.jackson that we all know oh oh I see
this oh okay that's how I get that guy
oh that's fun I like that you know what
they do have fun little secret II areas
I hear ya
did you kill him oh no no I saved him I
saved him
great
I liked him in die hard 3 yeah well when
was die hard 3 that was probably a happy
5 ok yeah that was probably after I'm
sure he was in some like indie films not
to be super racist but was he in Spike
Lee movies before before that I'm sure
yeah and I'm not saying he wasn't around
the questions was he big no and he was
not big right yeah that's that's the
question no he wasn't big and even when
he was in a big movie he wasn't
necessarily doing his thing so I'm with
you I'm with you rich he starred in
loaded weapon 1 yeah
I still say loaded oh yes he's yes he's
starting a completely forgettable movie
that everyone ignored because it was
stupid
loaded weapon I remember that movie I
remember that movie yeah okay yeah he
wasn't do the right thing okay that was
the first true yeah yeah alright I I
didn't want to assume I didn't want to
assume he was in Spike Lee movies but
what Zack Snyder stepping down from
Justice League do a personal family
tragedy and Joss Whedon completing the
reshoots yeah where do you think Warner
Brothers will go from here I think
they're not they're not ship canning
Snyder because they don't want him
anymore he's he's taking the backseat
because he's grieving for the loss of a
child you know he's gonna be back I
think they're gonna go the exact same
course they've they've been on
single-mindedly yeah and and if they had
any thoughts of dumping him if the
executives have any kind of soul at all
they would just be more reluctant to at
this point oh not just soul this that
would be the worst PR move a company
could make would you a matte like even
me who doesn't necessarily care for him
would say man that's cold to dump him
right right right
like no company would make that bad of a
PR blunder what what may come of it what
we may see is a wonder woman so far is
getting positive reviews so far very few
people have seen it who which is not
directed by Zack Snyder if Joss Whedon
can kind of sprinkle some of his
personality on Justice League
and it does noticeably better at the box
office
Zack Snyder just might say hey I'm
comfortable walking away
let's be handled delicately and they
would give Zack Snyder a chance to say
that
and of course like maybe he would he
would just say how about this how about
I'll just produce and say he would still
get like
I don't know how many reshoots they're
doing or how this will affect the
editing I don't I don't know well that I
don't know and by the way that's the
thing everyone needs to make sure they
understand is the movies already shot
yeah for the most part but a director
still needs to be around to make
decisions in the editing room you know I
know this is a this is obviously a big
personal tragedy as a just as a movie
goer I think it will be very interesting
it'll be a very interesting experiment
switching directors at this point in a
film I wonder how noticeable it will be
oh my god these guys are massive know
what I'm saying know that Snyder
announced this because reshoots are
about to start now his daughter soos
that happened in March and they wanted
to keep it quiet but realize that his
absence on the reshoots would create
news yes yes yes I would
oh yes it would great an Christ says
what do you guys think of the movie
ravenous great soundtrack by Damon
Albarn an amazing dark humor I've never
heard of it sorry reason sorry yep sorry
I'm in the same boat John Dee Filippo
says yes rich do you think the
spider-man homecoming trailers have
shown too much feel like they have
spoiled the whole damn movie also how do
you think it looks really seeing the
first trailer so I know of no spoilers I
just I just don't care that much and the
grand scheme of things about spoilers er
well the movie I said we've had like a
shit ton of spider-man movies the one
thing I can say about it is this is
probably I like what's-his-name the
Peter Parker Tom Holland I like Tom
Holland he might be the first time we
have had a decent person playing the
part of Peter Parker and spider-man and
then I didn't like Toby and I despised
Andrew Garfield Tobey Maguire played him
like a leaf at the beaver character
which I understand why they hired him
for Pleasantville and Andrew Garfield
played him like he was a mannequin right
here but like the coolest but like the
cool mannequin with good hair ya know
his leg it'll probably be the best on
screen Peter Parker we've had yeah it'll
be a good
no idea right right you hate to get your
hopes up what pilot exile can be
consumed from within your inventory to
instantly provide you with you oh shit
lordy access I've been watching The Real
Ghostbusters on Netflix after getting to
an episode where they accidentally
trapped the three ghosts of Christmas I
can say this show is fucking awesome
go into animation here's here's the
story though that show eventually falls
victim to executive meddling they get
rid of JM s at some point and then the
suits take over and like you know jeans
got to be more motherly and they change
some shit up and then the show turns to
crap oh but that early bits oh that
shows pretty damn good first season or
two or however long it was
oh okay
so these are the what are they called
and blood-borne the things that give you
some blood echoes okay that's a visit
okay that's what you're trying to tell
me thank you okay thank you game for
trying to teach me
all right try to take out this fucker
for the last time here
I want Wonder Woman to be good so bad
but every DC movie has been so
disappointment I don't know I kind of
wanted to be trashed just so they nuke
the whole thing and start again and do
it right I think honestly I think the
best thing that could happen is for like
an epic failure that and that in Justice
League my gonna oh geez forget start
again
hoo boy how about that their injustice
storyline and then then the good
Superman and Wonder Woman a Batman show
up and be nice they kick the asses of
these characters so we don't like it's
how you do it say that's how we fix this
it's the only way they fix this
oh that's right I lost with the cops
know that's just lost forever all right
all right all right all right all right
yeah fight one more dude then I'm gonna
go and level up and how you feeling what
time is it all the time we got here Oh
10:30 sure 1021 yeah we'll fight this
dude he may before call it oh shit he's
got a gun he's got a gun blackjack block
Wow
I just told you what to do I just told
you what you needed to do I can't I
can't block and move you can't you can't
dodge player I can dodge I just can't
block and move dr. Blair dr. Blair not
quick enough yeah all right here we go
do not block with your face
sorry I blocked with my face tired and
sad says who's your favorite disgraced
celebrity disgraced so disgrace to
celebrity oh how many disgraced
celebrities are there
I mean Mel Gibson here and he made his
comeback Hogan how many how many
disgraced celebrities are there how long
she's a million Fatty Arbuckle OJ
Simpson yeah happy Arbuckle what use the
murderer was it Hughes I don't believe
it wasn't if you look at the evidence it
wasn't very likely that he did it I
think you didn't get off but the stigma
of it ruined his career
oh yeah yeah interesting I don't I guess
I don't know that much about the life of
Fatty Arbuckle I'll be honest with you
Freddie Arbuckle was accused incorrectly
of raping a woman with a coke bottle to
death I'm sorry what that's what I read
I didn't hear about the coke bottle
that's probably bullshit though to death
son of a bitch that's quite an
accusation that's quite the accusation
right there any case he was disgraced
yet innocent sure sure which I guess
puts him high on the list
I suppose Wow Wow
coke bottle thing was a rumor okay oh
now I have plenty of scrap great
principal and Ferris Bueller oh he's
nobody's favorite anything right now Oh
God didn't he have child no that's
fairly unforgivable yep
I'm gonna go right ahead and say Oh Jay
yeah fairly unforgivable straight-up
killed some people you know what I guess
it's just Fatty Arbuckle was the thing I
was reading about the other day about
the that that famous photograph from
Vietnam of the one guy shooting the
other guy in the head yeah you know that
photograph the one one guy was like a
military person the other guy was a
villager and and that photo became
really popular and everyone was like
that military officer is a fuck I can't
believe you just shot that dude in the
head but there was more to the story
there was more to the story because that
guy that he shot in the head was
actually kidnapping raping and murdering
like a bunch of people in the village
and it was up to the army to find that
guy and they didn't have time to put him
in jail because of war was happening so
they just executed the guy right there
and it was a really tough decision and
apparently that that lieutenant or
whoever was that executed like
eventually moved to America like
starting a restaurant but then that
picture get became very popular and he
was demonized for yeah even though the
person who took the photograph felt
terrible about him it's horrible
yeah because he was just like I was just
capturing a moment but everyone everyone
assumed what the moment was yep yeah not
necessarily a disgraced celebrity but
you know how long
lines check foxes
bottle-cap laughing out loud
check my Fox alright bottle-cap
best thinking that was Special Forces
that's pretty good I thought it was it
was okay come on gonna put a crutch huh
I thought it was a crutch oh yeah it did
look like a crutch it absolutely look
like it was 100% legitimate that's a
good joke oh I mean the bottle cap
montage is great though
the you you saved that technical problem
with some editing I didn't remember that
the the camera wasn't on oh right yeah
at the beginning we had this whole bit
see yeah here's here's that serious
metal detecting came about like a few
days before Jack Scott I got the perfect
game for the first four hours up yep
it's the perfect I'm trying to think of
a name I'm try to think in the name yeah
and you spent like five minutes looking
for the names you couldn't think of what
it was and I've actually said Jack would
it be would it be better if I heard this
for the first time on camera oh that's a
great idea yeah so we came here it was
time to do the first four hours of I
have no idea what the game is mm-hmm I
actually got myself a blindfold to wear
right well you set it up and I set up
everything you know the camera we set up
the game I said if I started recording
our audio you know because I record the
camera I record the gameplay footage and
I record the audio on three separate
device so get everything set up okay
record we're recording the gameplay
footage were recording the camera
alright and so we started with this bit
where rich had to like but like problem
number one is serious metal detecting
doesn't have a title screen like this
right the Serge it didn't have a title
screen so then I was like well shit well
okay I guess we'll just take off your
blindfold and we'll have this title
screen with nothing on it
not this non titles great just exactly
exactly and he takes out the blindfold
and immediately he takes off the
blindfold and I realized I was not
recording a camera and so I quick hit
record and I catch all
a bit of that I can so that's why the
episode starts with no camera and just
gameplay footage yeah and then so yeah
watch that I forgot about the technical
issue oh well and eyes it too later I
made it make sense as if the audience
was seeing it right you right that's how
I got around my technical error so Jack
Attack it's tough it's tough you know
like that we've recorded on a lot of
different things and it's just us we got
to remember that shit and really I got
to remember that's my job it was my job
to remember that get to reading the
things people I'm trying to alt tab out
of the game here we go I did so we can
open up the Twatter which we remember to
turn on this time which I'm very excited
about remembering to turn it on
why are you over there I don't know but
I guess it doesn't really matter I just
like to know we're still streaming okay
so this is the part of the stream I
actually know what before we do that the
surge it's alright it's alright it's an
old game like I feel a lot better about
the surge than I did about neo yeah yeah
yeah that just film it combat felt blah
is the problem exactly and this combat
feel it feels heavy and it feels
powerful purposeful yes
clunk chink like you have that kind of
hidden combo system thing that they had
in blood-borne were pressing different
buttons do things and it felt good so if
anyone is looking at this as a sci-fi
Dark Souls I think I think it's a pretty
decent replacement I don't like I think
I think it's 60 bucks right now don't
know if it's worth
but it's pretty good it's pretty pretty
good in any case in any case' this is
the point in the stream in which rich
and I thank all the people who have
subscribed to us during the stream much
like us carried I
who says struggling on work nights in UK
to watch live but your streams are so
entertaining I look forward to watching
them later that day thanks guys thank
you for watching
who took my VCRs this game is awful and
you're going to hate it
well well like I'm not I'm not super in
love with it because it is very similar
it's a blood-borne but it's alright it's
alright there to take that who took my
VCR the will mister the Willem mister is
the name of mr. Mario Mario 42 435 Rowan
says this space was intentionally left
blank in preparation of Chakotay has
culture zan oast mochi be 85 435 fucking
months in a row
mochi be 85 says I one more month till
my three year anniversary it's like a
marriage but more like Stockholm
Syndrome laws death John says can't
watch streams live anymore because I get
up at 4 a.m. CST for I sorry but I
always watch later Jack have you tried
Boulevard beer yet if not get on that
look forward to hearing your response
while I drink my coffee at 4:30 a.m.
later this week 4 a.m. or Bulova 4:30
a.m. sucks I used to work that chip yes
I used to have to get up that early to
work and it's suck
and I hear ya I'm with you death John
Boulevard beer has actually a really
amazing sour beer it's called show me
the sour and it's this dark it's this
dark stout that somehow is light and
sour and it's a beautiful beer so yes
I've had that beer and really enjoy it
zoink oh nope zoic no is the name like
no says seven months and only now and
only now I realize I needed to clip the
box up here to do a message wish J was
here to talk about Twin Peaks sure he
will talk a lot about I haven't seen
again
J loves it yeah he loves it really he
loves it more I think whoa he says he
won't be surprised if other people don't
like it though sure well it's but he
also just loves David Lynch yeah but for
the record he loves really okay I
haven't seen any of that that sounds
there thank you for bringing so much joy
into my Thursdays and Sundays also do
you ever drop host on people I know I
don't know what you're doing on
Thursdays maybe he can't watch the
Wednesday night stream sometimes oh
maybe it's Thursday morning for them I
don't know drop host some people I'm
gonna assume that means do we host other
channels we do not people in our chat if
you're if you're if you're not around
much after the stream they like to
gather round and Yonder chat and watch a
film yeah that's that's the after stream
activity here and they talk about
they'll they'll synchronize when they
watch it they talk about it in chat and
so if we hosted other channels let's
fuck with that they would like they
would actually have to like mute what's
happening it wouldn't it would be an
extra step
in their life and I you know also we
don't necessarily get to choose who we
host all the time or like auto host and
I kind of like controlling our own
channel if you're if you're fairly new
yeah after the stream chat tends to stay
around watch a movie
yeah also Thursday night just they watch
Star Trek or other science fiction shows
you know and then was it what's the
other night for watching movies Friday
is it what's the other night movie Dix
all y'all movie Dix it's Saturday
I think it's fusion Friday Tuesdays and
Thursdays so Tuesday's okay
Tuesday's the other night okay where do
we do the ships geo usage defense so I
say power fantasy so I burps I didn't
wanna burp in the micro the power
fantasy says eek I almost didn't realize
it was resub times Cheers
chika MooMoo Thai Rak the ancient for 17
months in a row vice versa man says twas
brillig and the slippy Toves did gree
and gimble in the wave all mimsy were
the borogroves and the mome Raths
outgrabe
a greg thing out grave because great did
Geyer and gimble in the wave all mimsy
were the borogroves out grave I want to
say that's Shakespeare
I don't know ye oldie English if if I if
I'm gonna I'm not gonna look at chat
because they're gonna they're gonna say
it I'm going to guess
twas a Midsummer Night's Dream
Jabberwocky Karen would have would have
known that
what's a Jabberwocky so I think it's
oh sure from Alice in Wonderland not
Shakespeare you know what throws throws
me off Minzy Minzy sounds like something
a Shakespeare would say I'm very sorry
okay very sorry all poetry is
Shakespeare to me we're at vice-versa
man Sahab for 25 fucking months in a row
cuz why can't we have corpses left
behind in games anymore burning up /
fading away sold oh because memory is a
constant issue yep it's an issue you
don't really have on PC but usually
consoles are really ridiculously low on
memory here sure sure
well in the end like leaving bodies
dangle around like in blood-borne there
were many goofy there are many goofy
dead body physics that we came across
and so it's just easier that way it's a
it's an artifact of console development
well I'm sure for peace a lot of them is
well like well a lot of times you see
mods that gets rid of that and it's fine
oh yeah yeah usually a memory limitation
mm-hmm which pcs typically don't have
the sheriff the search probably came out
on console probably yeah dick gently er
says I think I missed subscribing last
month
am I still in the secret Club wink wink
yes pass the pass the check they go
hometown markup for thirty four fucking
months in a row loads of money there you
go says I hope bridge is ready for 10
more spider-man remakes in his lifetime
Oh at this rate it'll be more right more
bows 1000 Greg says longtime listener
first-time subscriber thoughts on Twin
Peaks return you heard us talk about we
talked about it the good things you
haven't seen today is the guy you want
to talk to
is the guy when Jays on we will talk of
fucking butter off I'll have to I'll
have to get it like a little like we'll
have to talk about this days ahead of
time so I can watch it at least a couple
episodes of Twin Peaks just to just so I
can talk with Jays about it Joe kitty oh
oh oneness as I only subbed for riches
love dynomite fucking months in a row
hartree-fock ur digger blue says
celebrating eight months two months
running Owen Thunder guns energy 999 s
is trying to catch up with the archives
of prereq just got to start do Valley
solo stream Jesus Christ that's you got
quite aways man bill la hecka for 35
fucking months in a row and bill says
one more month until I get the poppers I
am anticipating the poppers and with the
biggest poppers you have I put up with
your crap for almost three years now god
damn it crane Han Christ this is first
time subscriber thanks thank you thank
you Vinci's 64 for 13 months in a row
Sarge ACCA's says another month another
joyful podcast stream thanks that we're
talking about politics it was oh haha
got a little got a little roused brown
brown Adam Sandler is that person's name
and Brown Adam Sandler says me
personally I loved next times prereq or
i mean i will love next week's prereq
some money for that fucker rich Evans
and Jack too I guess
you waffle tale for twenty two fucking
months in a row gentleman's bear
says long time listener short time
subscriber thanks Jack for the
recommendation on Miss Marvel currently
enjoying reading through the series
after many years off comic books you
know I'm still reading it still a great
book I just it's because it's all the
same shit superheros right like it's all
the same shit so all you can hope is you
lock on to a character with some
interesting personality traits miss
Marvel film at war a slight buzzing says
objection john DeFilippo there you go
says love you guys rich do you think
that spider-man homecoming trailers have
shown too much now I know where I read
this before the whole damn movie how do
you think it looks anyway we talked
about that earlier in the stream when
you took that very same comment here
here's what I'll say here's what I'll
say about that we didn't get into the
whole did it spoil cuz I saw the new
watching all the trailers it didn't give
that much more away I think you will be
surprised so basically what we know from
the trailer so far is that spider-man
suit eventually Tony Stark will take
away his cool new suit Yeah right yeah I
think that's gonna happen very early in
the movie okay and so I don't
necessarily think they're spoiling
they're gonna give you one decent action
scene without that sir I think I think
we're gonna get a couple without the
soon I think that might be like the the
the second act turn is him taking away
the suit and so then we're gonna get
like I don't think they've given away
that much as I guess what I'm saying
that's right
he'll catch to Riker says oops
subscription dropped when new credit
card came out damn chip by the way rich
is right
iMHO in my humble opinion no that means
huh you don't know IMHO I don't talk
Jesus Christ it's as old as the Internet
I don't do the text talk why which is
right about what I guess it doesn't
matter probably a lot of things probably
a lot of things
Oh God strike some eugeniy on says I
don't really know what to say
ugh I wish they still made ultimate
muscle figures stay classy or not what
Evers did you ever see that ultimate
muscle show the show I think NES game
it's been around for a while ultimate
muscle I just I remember the cartoon and
how weird it was how swollen character
was ok ok I was very confused by
ultimate muscle I've seen the show sorry
sorry the time cosmos gesture for twenty
six fucking months and arouses you P
well we're you peel a Lear sure snack
attack 2600 and L a HD says love you
guys
keep it up Jack run the jewels thank you
for subscribing what do we run the
jewels what lets me running the jewels
what does that mean that this is what
the cover of their albums look like it's
it's like finger guns and a rock usually
holding a chain it's like the hip-hop
man yeah it's the hip hop the hip hop
yeah Jack I just I just remembered
something
yeah this
