Episode 790
Exploring new Fridays (Part 1)
July 3, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tiPA_e6Wp7I
___________________________________________

whatever the heck you want to call them
sock clad human who's sure it's all fun
by me hi there you start a little bit
early Jack's gonna join us later we're
not gonna try to kiss them but I'm Jack
longer is that funny or is that just I
don't know if that's funny I'm
unconvinced
so the Lego world's I have no idea what
the Frick this is I think if I was like
oh just assuming it's LEGO Minecraft
it's a variation on anything kind of
like that about 20 years ago it's a
variation on the old-school Lego
spaceman uniform that's simple that's an
X excellent question hello hello
everybody hello greetings and
salutations what happened to Jack he'll
be around we ate him he'll be free like
6:30 how does that work Karen showed
earlier and I thought you were going to
knock that this brawn yeah we start a
little bit early rather than have you
sit around Chet I will I will probably
play some vanquish later when Jack is
here I can't I can't carry on a
conversation with Karen while I'm
playing vanquish and then then she has
to handle talking to people on all on
her own that's that's not fair that's
not fair
new game press any button to start I did
no game new game press a button to start
select a
I guess and the wrong button is what you
were doing it said press any button and
then you're supposed to hit a after that
for some reason lookyou adventure mode
sandbox mode joined game settings I will
play frame question later I'll play it
later
I can't I can't tell Karen to handle the
chat alone while I'm absorbed into
blowing up robots it would be unkind I
think we kind of did that last week two
weeks ago
what was I playing though probably
wasn't as intensive cuz it's a Lego game
how are they breathing because it's a
Lego game here spaces all air those
things on the bottom is supposed to be
legs or chloe cos what they've got like
little Legos stud grabbers on the bottom
some of them and I'm wondering those are
supposed to represent their legs or
their Chloe cos do you just stick a stud
in there cloaca to hold them steady hold
why you're you're a strange girl strange
strange girl hold why and I move to
stick around choose the head
I guess I'll be intergalactic girl left
but you see that LV and RB up there
those are these yeah yeah those you put
on the Santa Henny front of everyone you
don't need to have pink if you don't
want pink you like you like cute things
but not necessarily like pink cute
no but there aren't a whole lot of
options here either I know don't want to
do the hair beard sure why not body arms
and oh this infernal laptop someday
chastity belt I will use this laptop and
there won't be any problems someday yeah
we go but I can see things they might
need to see
you know died without a parachute do you
die your first lego world person
actually you probably have a ray you
need to use to take apart things water
is weird it's a kind of Lego bricks but
you can go through them oh my god oh
that's gonna be your assemble things
rape right there I called that riched my
thousand book Lenovo three totally
crapped out on me - oh sorry very sorry
fortunately this is not my laptop hot I
use this laptop because it's here but
it's not mine you should take a closer
look at that crash site why is there
like an evil man voice in this
Kenny Lego game you should take a look
at that crash site can you fly off the
edge of the world yes yes you can
oh you laying it on tree alright alright
wow this game has you written all over
it
but you know you were complaining about
how another Lego games like everything
wasn't built out of Legos like yeah land
functional
I wouldn't be a lego game could punch
things and get golden moon yeah blue and
silver closer look at that crash site we
try it what do you see with this suicide
but what looks like the what can I have
a drink rich did you ever watch the TV
show Baywatch no it sounded stupid I
don't want to watch show but a bunch of
lifeguards and I know they had bikinis
second David David Hasselhoff when he
was fairly young and reasonably
good-looking you can get attractive
woman in a thousand different places it
doesn't need to be Baywatch my the only
person who thinks that Pamela Anderson
is too big up top there Pamela Anderson
is dead minors she's too much of a
character from the outfits creatures and
Pamela Anderson wants their renewal
collection I don't like the whole I
don't like the whole blonde bimbo thing
she was just no she was pretending to be
smart but you can tell she was stupid to
be really
masturbator okay so now I'm she got
implants and she is a character now I
thought I thought she had implants and
then she made a career decision to get
rid of them and then at some point they
came back I thought that was how it
worked with Pamela Anderson they came
back by themselves it's not like they
like crawl that crawled out of the sea
and reattached
all right this cutscene eesh it gets
annoying oh you and Jack will get along
No
this game looks neat if you like Lego
world's this is indeed a lego world yeah
so did you get the thing you were
supposed to get I think so no what do
you do something because they're
blinking
you guys stream Friday the 13th the game
I think what we're doing when I jump
into the ocean right I think I think
we're gonna do that Wednesday Wednesday
maybe a stream you want to attend unless
something changes last minute I have
control over all things word is that the
Friday the 13th game is a pile of shit
full of bugs I've been playing it a
little bit that's not entirely my
experience I have one major bug yeah you
were like walking on air I was literally
I was playing that game and I was one of
the counselors and I walked up a hill
and then you know once the slope of the
hill started going down my character did
not go down the slope of the hill I was
walking on air and in fact I just kept
getting higher and higher I was just
like standing there like 50 feet in the
air and the guy who was playing Jason is
just running around underneath me
because he couldn't do jack shit but but
to be fair I think other other than a
couple of like graphical glitches just
because I was like near a wall when I
killed some of the animation didn't work
quite right
I had no game breaking bugs except for
that one it was like the first time I
played the damn game that was a major
one no I played a decent chunk of last
night just cuz I I know we're gonna
stream something want to have a little
bit familiar familiarity with it and I
never that
I want to know if they they we love
premarital sex girls show up and they
came said it's my favorite moment of all
the premarital sex girls you're talking
about are from Jason X where Jason's
like in space and they felt like a
virtual reality program to try to stall
Jason and keep him busy
kind of like the holodeck yeah so they
make a holodeck like 1981 Crystal Lake
with yeah with girls running around who
like premarital sex like sex you want to
smoke some dope just to keep just to
keep them busy and then he starts
beating the girls with each other and
sleeping bags okay banana which I'm
using as a weapon and beating things
with a banana and beating anything that
blinks at me okay yay finally a Lego
game on stream but worlds so somebody is
not a fan of this game
stuff look we're I was looking for
something to stream with Karen because I
don't want to I don't want to do
Vanquish before jackets here and no
Karen likes the Lego and I'm like yeah
we'll take a look at this see what
happens with this marette you'll mezes
hello from Norway and and Marad Jack
Jack will be by later about 1:00 in the
morning there which move the pointer out
of the screen sir oh that's a pointer
what's Norway seven eight hours ahead
Germany like a seven table can you reach
the table just maybe there's a little
Lego pointer thing with the mouse I
don't know if you need that you could
probably use the pointer with the other
control stick right no maybe not I don't
know this is LEGO Minecraft basically
how do you what do you do you build
things what are you doing what are you
doing I'm on a quest to find things that
aren't bananas to fix your robots maybe
I think but aren't bananas well guess
who this banana is probably good for
something like maybe there's a monkey
right now I just haven't my hand so I'm
just using it to be faced and it's
holding up remarkably well did we see
the Lego Batman movie yeah it was
quality wasn't as good as the lego movie
but it was fun okay I don't know if I
liked the lego movie quite as much as
you did
I thought the bits with the guy who the
father and the son were kind of hokey
oh wait I think I saw that light in here
somewhere I also do something with that
light
possibly
beat it with a banana but probably not
have you played lego dimensions that
that lego game that's like $100 and like
basically to $20 a level for the
different sets you have to buy no no I
have not
I've not given money to that fucking
cash scam oh you hate it so you hate it
you'd say you hate it nobody cares you
know super crazy about those I need a
pirate throne oh wait I think there was
like a throne right would you would you
rather just do something different
I wouldn't mind mess with us sometime
but yeah so what do you just get
something for the one guy played this
idea play bookworm I'd love to play
bookworm but then everyone's just gonna
cheat yeah I guess we could just play in
our own and not look at the chat at all
fucking cheaters fucking cheaters we're
disappointed we're just were very
disappointed we don't cheat why play
like legitimately oh wait is there a
gold brick in there
hi you want to give me that some pigs
and chickens is what I need you want a
pig I'd say you what I'll tell you what
we could do there's no reason there's no
reason we can't do Friday the 13th two
days I work just want to talk for a bit
I'll play the Friday the 13th game now
you're writing the pig yes there's gonna
be enjoying it I jump in here will she
be happy they just knocked her over with
a pig she's in surgery care hi here's a
pig aim high enough Pig do you want more
pigs she probably wants more pigs which
I have to chase him round didn't hit the
white button and then the pigs love me
and I write the pigs into the brow and
then she gives me something somebody
else bosses how it works
yes fucking pigs come here Pig it's okay
Pig I'll put mine why button and you'll
love me you let me ride you because well
I have a pig or something
some blue guy in chat says hey guys
Jack there's no Jack here right now I
like oh you're being a jerk yes
uh we don't suppose yeah sure okay they
go pigs the game I do like the fact that
like all that like there's a crab made
out of Legos and stuff and I might not
mind digging around with this game
sometime at home but all right you know
you just relax
well that's and switch it up what's up
it's fine okay well you're busy am I
looking forward to this sure sure
there's something that there's things
gonna come out I can't get out of here
there's a Star Trek can you unhook your
legs from my foot stuck on it handle
your foot stuck on that's why it's
pulling things off the desk they said it
was record speed from start to stop
Karen's voice up rich voices down Oh
Karen Karen has a habit of not talking
into the microphone and mumbling well
the microphone is like not even facing
and now the cameras probably not facing
me just alright Oh
Star Trek show that's right that's
what's gonna discover ya new something's
coming out with Star Trek hidden object
adventure games I've played them a
little bit but like I don't know if I'm
like farsighted or nearsighted or
something but to make my eyes tired
after a while and they get physically
uncomfortable to play yeah plus a lot of
times the what what they're really small
and resolution I'm just getting old
Jack is elsewhere I don't know exactly
where he is but he's gonna be here later
probably watching his kids or something
okay talk talk talk talk talk talk what
did you what did you call what what band
did you come up with today
JJ cool gang or something and I was
trying to figure out if that was LL Cool
J or cool in the gang hello Jenna Slava
any kind of context makes sense you
remember exactly how we got into that
though our life is like without any kind
of context and expect it to make sense
okay he said like Jake we were talking
about music we were being dingbats and
doing duets of Kenny Rogers songs and
stuff what is my favorite movie and TV
show we talked about this last week and
I decided it was like my favorite movie
was like a toss-up between like like
Monty Python and airplane and something
money Python which oh definitely the
Holy Grail TV show how big is richest
Nick it's about 14 feet 6 inches about
18 feet around ok I know
which is a good guy I have never seen
fried green tomatoes so you see we're
trying Tomatoes rich what happened to
Greg Allman you didn't he died recently
honestly I I can never keep track of
which Allman Brothers died 30 years ago
and which ones didn't yeah I practically
did describe the defense instead of the
16 oh my gosh I was at a um at a gas
station recently and the guy held up his
receipt he said he wanted to know if he
had earned like free showers for the
month or something and I guess it's a
thing I had no idea but like some gas
stations have like private showers so
like the long-haul truckers I know a lot
of them have like beds and their trucks
and stuff and I'm sure you know washing
yourself with baby wipes or spend an
extra for a hotel room isn't where it's
at so I guess some of these gas stations
have showers what seems like a great
idea but I had no idea those were a
thing I don't know how he died probably
he was like 70 or something I mean he
prepped the Greg Allman or which one of
the Allman Brothers guys the one that
didn't die somebody said was liver
cancer yeah I figured oh he had
hepatitis C that's kind of a shame
because I think they can pretty much
clear cure that now you know it's like
if he had you know going on for a couple
more years that would probably would
have taken care of them to not have
cancer from it 69 yeah it's not uh I
mean 69 a lot of people live well beyond
69 but you know at 69 cancer is not
shocking I guess it's not shocking at 30
but I I had assumed he died of natural
causes and yeah it's liver cancer sounds
like sucky natural causes but yeah
well the average male life expectancy at
birth the 73 but the average expectancy
for a 69 year old is probably like in
the 80s my microphone sounds like shit
Rich's microphone is indeterminate
because he hasn't said anything directly
into it since he fuck fiddled with right
you need to be specific sounds like shit
how yeah is it too loud is it too quiet
is it distorted is it tinny is it doing
that kind of echoing voice of God God
God thing reverb the Allman Brothers are
one of the first southern rock bands I
don't know the Allman Brothers and
Skynyrd what does it mean if I'm
clipping on my piece popping
they said you sound like your microphone
is off and they said now that I sound a
little loud and that I'm dead I'm tinny
I don't know much about about
microphones they use anything does
anything
what what what what I see they see your
stupid design guys not to quiet they
said clipping is too loud so I can take
the microphone and get it out of my face
usually we put the microphone like
pretty much in my face because I don't
talk super loud
now they say you're too low which is
you're too quiet which is probably at
first it's already on my ass oh that did
that helped yeah I just moved the
microphone a few inches further from my
head she's got a nice butt I mean I'm
not that kind of girl but they it's like
but physics they said you should just
scream rich why and then then they offer
suspected that did they ask someone else
suggested that you smoke dope and then
you'll be higher my voices in reverse
like like when you turn a play a LP
backward and it's summer summons a devil
or something
did I go to college sort of I've
definitely taken classes I do not have a
degree
I should probably finish that up one of
these days my voice summons the devil
hmm
it says we sound tinny and echoey well I
am nada college can definitely be a
waste of money if you don't have a
specific plan and if you don't pass it I
I think it's really a bad situation that
people are in especially people like 20
years younger than me as a group where
their people are like $30,000 worth of
debt when they get out of school even if
they do everything right
Oh No
so are you playing as the girl yeah
phone she'll can hear what was coming
out of her head
everything yummy that was so quick we're
gonna find a different match
remember the NES one yeah it was
terrible the music was good why would
she prefer do you like the Friday the
13th movies or the The Nightmare on Elm
streets
I mean Nightmare on Elm Street after
like the first one was I mean the first
one wasn't that serious but after that
they got increasingly ridiculously silly
there's something wonderfully blunt
about Jason yes simplistic and blunt and
I could appreciate that lego Friday the
13th that would be kind of cool except
that like you know instead of blood like
Lego blocks they want to know if you've
ever played a game called my summer car
no they say that your mic is not on but
you're so loud they can still kind of
hear you I don't know but if I sound too
loud that's remarkable
well my favorite Jason you're talking
about the one where she where she
captures the girl with Stephen beggin
flames are against the tree my favorite
is the one in Jason X where there are
two girls and they're both in sleeping
bags and he grabs one girl and uses her
to beat the other girl to death while
she's in the sleeping bag and then she
got he grabs the girl the other girl and
like beats her into the tree Jason
Alexander is my new favorite Jason Jason
suddenly what's shorter which no we're
talking about how like successive actors
who played Jason keep getting bigger and
bigger the original guy was only like 6
1 which is certainly not a small person
but it's not especially large and then
like by the third one they had some guy
who was built like a linebacker and he
was like six four they say I'm at least
twice as loud as you rich isn't talking
at all right now
talk talk talk talk the duck duck do i
or do I still sound too loud
whenever anybody says that something is
too loud I'm just gonna ignore from now
on because I want to fix it and
everyone's saying it's fucked up all
right well how was that how was that
they said the lower me by 10% I just get
the microphone even further out of my
grill thoughts on the new alien is our
new alien yeah I didn't know there was a
new alien I have no interest in watching
it so I haven't seen it Oh Hodder's like
five nine yeah in five nine isn't
especially short ina that's that's
probably solidly average it's just like
I know some of the ones like some of the
later Jason's move Jason movies Jason
just and some of that might be camera
angles but Jason just looks like this
enormous hulking figure they're busy um
chastising each other for pissing you
off
I think we're possibly congratulating
each other meet the new aliens same as
the old alien is it a remake may as well
be humberto Cabbage Patch I do like your
name right why why would you close it so
your outside oh I see yeah I can't
afford a fight anyway faggot
all right I need to find this
motherfucking car keys and some other
stuff that's the goal they're not
impressed with the camera on the game
I think the graphics are pretty good I
know I'm like easily impressed but
YouTube channels do I like to watch out
to what sighs show and there's something
called the FRA life it's a girl named
Mary and her husband and she has cystic
fibrosis and you know they're nice
people they're kind of fun to watch
mostly those two oh and and I like
watching any of the comedy what is it
the cracked or whatever anyone that has
Roger who is Roger Roger is it's it's
it's like if such and such commercials
were honest if such and such commercials
were honest and he pretends to be like
the CEO of different things you know
like like he'll be like the toothpaste
was on it what was was in his foe's
name's supposed to be Roger Horton so
it's Horton hotels and Horton toothpaste
and this that cracked yeah it is cracked
but yeah anything that's got and I've
been Roger I like that actor he's phony
you bet rich own rich Evans owns a
fidgets spinner he does I bought it for
him and and he uses it all the time so I
think I think that was money well spent
he's also got a couple of those like
ones that are like dice but like kind of
like the you know they used to make
those for babies but this is smaller do
we have any pets we do we have three
danios and a beta and two shrimp and a
snail you've named them all and
designated them personalities I have
we've got well the fish riches decided
that they're like a big street gang or
something whatever what it's not what
the behavior first and there's a reason
for them okay well danios are our
Danielle's are assholes - those are
schooling fish you appear to live to
harass each other yeah I spend a lot of
time nipping at each other yeah a little
relation to do any
damaged so so we've decided that right
rich knocking off the names form the the
larger purple one is big G we think that
one might be female it looks kind of fat
all the time and we think maybe it has
eggs these are the glofish danios and
then we've got an old one that's red
tide and then the yellow one we call
Lemmy and let me only has one eye we're
not sure when exactly he lost that eye
and whether or not he was in our
possession at the time there were more
danios but early on we somehow managed
to kill the other ones so we've got
three danios and then we've got a beta
and his name is Max as in beta max and
he's really alert and friendly and
always comes up to the container to head
to the wall of their enclosure there
their tank to see if I'm gonna feed him
and then we've got streaky the snail
he's a good apple snail or mr. snail or
whatever and then we're gonna win a pair
of shrimp what we call oddly good a
little Stello
I said he's got she's got eggs like I
don't know similar to similar other I
picked up the southern pronunciation of
eggs and legs but I say pegs so yeah
eggs let me see here do we get is that
from today
there's taste twenty-eighth right here's
a tip pellet oh hello from Norway that's
still there some blue guy in chat says
hey guys Jack I like your new look have
you played any other Lego games like the
ones based on films especially the ones
without dialogue they've done better
parody than most parody movies I have
played lego indiana jones to its
completion i've played lego batman a bit
Lego Marvel superheroes Lego Jurassic
Park there they're really fun cute games
and gobbledygook says hey rich how do I
get in on this fuckin erection I got the
game and I'm on steam if I can join your
party otherwise Kiki my mama somebody
wants to join me you shrimp are fun
they're cute they when they when they
when I feed the fish they come out
they've got all those wacky little
swimmer rats and mouth legs and things
they're kind of shy but they're fun and
and they're clear hey baby what's going
on in the I love people to die to save
my own ass
but yeah up until we got this tank I
didn't know that like freshwater shrimp
before and tanks were a thing but yeah
and sometimes they clean off the snail
shell form which is cute let's Chad said
about my big selfish jerk I missed the
moment rich you're such an asshole
no these aren't brine shrimp these are
these are a modernist impractical edges
these are like algae shrimp but I guess
like they're they late they need like
brine to lay their eggs so no like kind
of like like salmon maybe the part of
their life they're in freshwater and
part of their life they're in like
brackish waters so there won't be any
children
why is the game suited buy more of them
when they go to that great whatever in
the sky the shrimp coated I am
encountering far more glitches here
right now than I did the entirety of
last night doesn't that should be over
it seems like everybody easy to go
either either gone or dead
they say rich the guy who leaves
everybody to die always dies in the end
we all die in the end
still water shouldn't say like Crystal
Lake or something
I've had sea monkeys I've heard of
people like I heard people suggest music
sea monkeys is like live live treats
you're for your fish
now what now this should be over the
shipyard where all my credit for this
victory this is totally a freaking
victory Wow
change the name to Stillwater - just as
himself in camp Chris like that's what I
was wondering I was wondering if that
was the name of like a cabin in Crystal
Lake or something in the movies
looks like I think I see the outline of
somebody down there that's silhouette of
a person so just took it awhile you
survived we have to wait rich yeah no I
know you have to wait when you when you
either die or escape but you should be
able to spectate other players
it wasn't letting me do that implying
that everybody was dead escaped or just
quit the game which means the match
should end camp crystal meth is that
where everybody just kind of runs around
and is paranoid and scratches holes in
themselves arguably more frightening
yeah yeah there's like there's actually
no killer
nothing's going on everybody's just
walking around really paranoid and and
picking at their skin they want to know
if you've tried slay away camp they say
it's kind of like Lego Friday the 13th
I'm not sure if that's a real thing
no oh those sleigh away sounds like a
good parody of like layaway and like
some kind of department store with
murdering happen happening oh do you get
Scout badges somebody said something
about scout badge yeah that's kind of
cool somebody should make like I
speaking of Scout badges they should
make a lumberjanes game Elmer James Gary
nobody nobody but you knows what the
fuck lumberjanes is lumberjanes is an
awesome comic book I know but there's at
least one person in this chat who's
heard of it
it's like a crazy girl power Girl Scout
camp kind of thing except there
lumberjanes not Girl Scouts when her
I've been working ok this mic is not
working in there which is probably fine
because they would hear you too and it
would probably be unuseful huh like
feeding frenzy the hit rlm movie
disabled kid drowns because counselors
are too busy doing drugs and screwing is
she's supposed to be handicapped Jason
he was was he what was wrong with him
his brain well yeah I mean both his very
drought he was deformed and had some
kind of mental handicap or something I
think lumberjanes is a comic book
I think it's on boom comics this label
or something but it's it's like these
girls are like in like a Girl Scout camp
or something but everything going around
going on is constantly supernatural
there's time-travel and dinosaurs and
just mermaids and all kinds of weird
shit they want to know where where jack
is we need them to fix the mic cliping
and change the game in chatty is there a
problem with the game and chat thing or
yeah yeah so major one we should publish
it and after this roundel I'll take a
look at doing that okay about fixing the
sound or about fixing the game fixing
the chat anything the sound I don't I
don't I'm not an audio guy I don't know
how to fix a clipping issue I know the
legs for me I know the mics are plugged
in I know we're getting levels Sam Jane
Packard yeah well I've met mrs. Packard
and I'm not mrs. Packard
there's rich laughs like that at home
yes he most certainly does it is not
fake do you enjoy it yes oh you fucking
this should be you wince every time is
the problem you laugh at ear-splitting
volume in your heads using next to mine
when you let loose and there's like no
turning it down or turning it away or
holding it in it just comes roaring out
at full blast
right in my ear or it comes roaring out
of full blast and a restaurant and
everybody was like staring like who is
this guy nice duck thank you
nice beaver no mrs. Packer doesn't wish
she was married to rich mrs. Packard and
mr. Packard get along very well they're
cute they say to let your laugh flow
don't ever watch resident evil with rich
rich Evans is Kevin Bacon what is this
character supposed to be Kevin Bacon
preppy a sweater kind of works but the
face does because he kind of is alright
well nothing
they say the last must flow apparently
that's like the spice must flow
do you understand a doom reference yes I
understand oh no of doom reference
system I understand the reference to
something that he thinks I shouldn't he
looks at me like where did you come up
with that it's like I have the Internet
the Internet's very educational when it
comes to references to movies I haven't
seen and books I haven't read it's this
place when I ask my students what was it
the other day that I knew and you were
like shocked I know what if eclis but
yes the Internet has taught me lots of
pop-culture references
don't is a mascara I was do never
obscure I mean I thought it was a big
thing in the 70s granite I was you know
if it came out during the part of the
70s I was alive I was a tiny tiny tiny
kid tenses are came out in the other
part of the 70s
do i giggle when I see a meme of rich on
reddit I'm not on reddit too much do you
see memes of me ever I don't but I was
watching I think it was a scishow or
something or something or something like
that and then all of a sudden I heard I
heard Rich's voice go wow klip the rich
and I was like oh my god and so of
course I called them in and showed them
it's always a surprise when I see
something of you and something utterly
utterly not expecting it all right let
me see that laptop real quick yeah they
stole where somebody borrowed Rich's
voice this was just like a you know
split second clip of rich going what or
go let me see the laptop oh it's fine
I'm sorry but you were talking to
yourself about the game sure how much
you listen to be whatever so no oh this
thing is my my enemy well you got a
mouse right there just plug in I know
you're like anti trackpad not really
sure why
they say you were a fifty year old
virgin on some site yeah they used my
picture for some kind of sleazy ad they
say you're their favorite Disney
Princess oh that's nice what does he
where is the Disney Princess get a
little tutu
oh yeah there's that I have no idea how
to fix mic cliping yeah I'm not I'm not
an audio person the only thing I know
how to do is I could move it further
away or put it closer into my face it
turns both down or something usually
they're busy like sticking the mic half
halfway up my nose trying to make me
louder you need Tommy Jarvis I don't
know who that is a machete and the mom
sweater for some reason he's a character
that means something in the Friday the
13th universe Colegio Lingus that's
different now you can kill Jason in this
game it's just there's a lot of Hoops
you need to go through to do it you need
to knock us max masks off Tommy Jarvis
needs to have the mask and specifically
a machete then one of the female
survivors has to find Jason's cabin grab
his mother's sweater put it on distract
Jason whip the sweater after he's had
his mast knocked off and then Tommy
Jarvis has to kill him with the machete
okay so like what is Jason supposed to
be because he was originally I think I
don't know I mean is he like a
supernatural spirit is he it's Jason
different side is he is he occupying
innovation on different bodies and then
active like like demonic possession in
the first one there was no Jason the
killer was the mother okay Jason's
mother and the second one it was just a
Jason who turns out accident actually
survived it was a normal human being
although deformed who saw his mother die
in the first movie and wanted revenge he
was a creature of flesh and bone for the
first three movie he was a creature of
flesh and bone even though he should
have died from his injuries you would
think he kept going and until he
actually got killed and not been able to
move from arthritis from his injuries or
some shit oh yeah
be finished go ahead don't let me stop
you he actually died in the third one
Jason dies in the in the third one okay
and then in the fourth one it's somebody
pretending to be Jason but not Jason
it's a copycat killer okay and then in
the fifth one Tommy Jarvis who is the
one who killed Jason's Corey Haim when
he was a Connecticut score he was one of
one of the Hames one of the Cory's
played the kid named Corey Feldman yeah
only all grown up and played by a
different actor dug up Jason's grave
just to make sure he was dead stabbed
him with some kind of pitchfork or pole
and then lightning struck the pole and
then Jason's body got up and came to
life and then ever since the fifth one
he's been a zombie man and then I think
in like the eighth or ninth one they
established that he would jump to
different bodies but nobody liked that
movie so it's not canon anymore well I
mean the idea that he's like possessing
different bodies makes a little more
sense I see you got your facts myths
which is which which is wrong I guess
what I was wonder whether he was a
zombie or whether or not he was jumping
bodies or maybe he's a robot
some mad scientist making a Jason bot I
was off by one movie all right so I'm
mostly right is what you're saying
oh yeah Jason X he is Hylton for copycat
in five okay I was off by one movie
Jesus you so is it fundamentally the
right you story it's just anal sons of
bitches basically
Jason should have been in the Robocop
remake as a cyborg that would have been
silly she's the last survivor
however there been somebody these shitty
movies they're not all shitty Jason X is
pretty good
I enjoyed Jason X we loved premarital
sex nope so one thing you like seriously
that is like the best the movie is
cheesy fun I love it it is um x like 10
I don't know I don't think it's a 10th
that's what the 10th
it says Jason X I don't think the X is
for 10 it could be both it's possible
I'm not sure I'm not an expert on Jason
okay Jason X is the 10th I know when I
was a kid I was crazy about Texas
Chainsaw Massacre - yeah 9 is - Jason
goes the hell well they established the
body hopping everyone hated it everyone
ignored it
what about Freddy vs. Jason where does
that fit in number was happy the last
woman they made well no they made the
remake maybe the 11th okay I recall like
he get at the time it was I saw that
long enough ago that I was worried that
they wouldn't let me in because I was
under 17 although they did
all right the cops have arrived let's
see if this this is not me playing by
the way I'm spectating hi dieded and
we're going to see if this woman under
this player who might not actually be a
woman in real life can survive
oh they're saying in 9th mortician 8
Jason's heart became Jason well that's
interesting yeah they did a lot of
stupid things in the 9th
somebody said they said jaws when they
were a kid even though they were born 15
years later well I mean I saw Friday
Freddy vs. Jason in the theater in a
second run theater but still I mean
within a year of and having come out in
a theater and I know at the time I
remember that I was worried they
wouldn't let me in because I was too
young so I know that came out a long
time ago because it's been a few years
since I was you know 16 and at the time
I looked like I was 16 going on 11
well she survived Jason did not have a
ship together
Jason versus Close Encounters of the
Third Kind
how about Jason like walk toward alive
dr. Jason Carroll I am Ricky deeds they
did like a mash-up between poltergeist
and or maybe like Jason and The Shining
instead of like you know here's Johnny
here's Jason that supposed to be his
mother's call yep
Jason in space that's ten I think yes
that's X Jason Jason that space is
awesome SANZAR go nuts
has somebody said they had to double
check to make sure it wasn't Friday the
13th now it's Sunday the 28th Shaklee
did not release this on a Friday the
13th they could have waited till October
it would have been a slight delay it
probably would have hope sales is there
a Friday the 13th this October yes
where's earth Friday the 13th before
October this year
no it's October it's in October is the
Friday the 13th that's when you don't
always have they don't happen all the
time
no right now it's your dates so that's
the next time yep October okay this year
Jason versus crippling diabetes Jason
versus the catheter cowboy
they said they could have made this game
complete and playable by October its
playable yeah no I would have been
smarter to wait yeah iron are all the
bugs they would have made more money
just because of when they were selling
it not only you know the month and the
proximity to Halloween but you know on
Friday the 13th
oh the proximity to Halloween is pretty
good I don't know that on Friday the
13th would give it that much more
significant it's starting to head toward
the Christmas sales season but it's too
late for the summer kids are out of
school looking for shit to do season I
don't know when like the peak time of
year for video games sales are besides
Christmas Battlefront and destiny all
released around that time oh god I have
to imagine these games would have
different audiences
what can destiny Battlefront multiplayer
shooter for battlefront
destinies and MMO shooter a Jedi game
and I saw just the title there's a game
called Solaris does it have anything to
do with lems book to the best of my
knowledge no damn the new on windows
release down six-six 2006 really I did
not know that it's kind of cool though I
do know that like the Great Fire of
London was in 1666 which was a while ago
granted that sweater doesn't like move
expected to like flop around or
something Jason's nearby
Arius
go is it's still eros is it stellaris
I'm thinking of like so I think it's
mums book with Solaris like there's like
a an entire planet that was like one
sentient being that could like change
its the form of his oceans and stuff and
it could also like bring back a simian
simulacrum of like your dead relative
and although mine fuck you I haven't
seen the movie I don't know who did the
movie but somebody did the movie I and
stanislaus lemma is the or something LEM
I think it's Stanislaus is the author to
keep its polish okay the game is
stellaris and the movie is solaris okay
they're not the same anyway
never mind never mind fairly fucked I'm
sorry I'll come everything's black and
white is that your health sucks that's
cuz a lot of things sucks your character
is terrified that's what that means I
believe well I can't blame him
well I'm Russian I thought he's polish
she might have been Russian actually I
think Jason's gone I think I need to go
back in here and find the bathroom maybe
I can get some antiseptic spray for
health you do that we're fucked
we're fucked let's say you should
urinate the fear away or I might be able
to surprise Jason for a second if you
just p.m. I was peeing at him an option
I think your dad yeah I know I'm dead
waiting Jason Voorhees gets it
everybody's gonna wanna die come on get
killed
come on and die you'll not see nothing
like this Jason guy you say I should
play around you know I'm really no like
comically bad at this stuff how do you
feel about games that are in 3d Rin well
you know this week honestly you're
mostly running enough straight line
I find that they give me motion sickness
and any kind of rage amount right they
wanna know if there's any vendors to
have any flashlights I'm assuming it
helps bring your fear down
fear is a thing so like a booby can
right I don't feel like waiting around
we're leaving the game it's like my I've
never made a game of Friday the 13th of
series I can't leave it won't let me
leave
all right as rich knows I'm a huge fan
of Friday the 13th and the series the
one with the the Chapel of full of
cursed antiques for some reason
playing this game here has been five
buggier than it was playing it at home
are you playing different stages isn't
the hardware the simmons slasher movie i
would have totally bought that expansion
pack
Jason versus earnest and the battle to
save Christmas I think the worst the
worst Christmas with Christmas kids
Christmas movie Evers the glowworm save
Christmas everyone should watch it it's
horrible she's trying to melt Santa out
of prison with the power of
bioluminescence which last time I
checked was not a heat generating sort
of reaction rich to a private match so
you always can watch the stream and
sheep yeah no I'm not doing that do i
watch any of the rlm content I've seen
some of it I'm a very big fan of Western
or musical I just pyrite is all right by
me that's my favorite thing he's done
it's just how rich rich and I have
common interests and stuff we like to do
together but I don't know that most of
it inner overlaps too much with the red
letter media stuff turns out that
original thing yeah yeah movie person
you've never gone to the theater or not
falling asleep during the movies I have
when a number of times when was it last
time I fell asleep during movie you fell
asleep last one I watched it was last
when we want to see guardians - you
started dozing off I didn't love you I
didn't know you during guardians - and I
fell asleep during the huge ballet thing
I saw with Melanie and when would you
say you were a huge hit checkers Guide
to the galaxy fan like a huge huge giant
Hitchhiker's Guide to the galaxy fan no
because if I say that the people are
gonna expect me to remember absolutely
every detail of absolutely she is she
fell asleep in the Hitchhiker's Guide to
the galaxy movie not because I didn't
like the movie or wasn't and she fell
asleep during it
wake up Karen we paid good money to see
this trash panda yep pretty much
I I think I saw that whole movie I don't
think I fell asleep during whoo we're
Jason
I enjoyed it well enough the gardens it
was not like my new favorite movie in
the whole wide world but it was worth
the time all right Jason gets to
teleport it's where these jerks
why don't they mark a lot to see you
know you go to a movie theater and let's
think about this I mean there are always
slow parts of movies you're sitting in a
comfortable reclining chair and dark
room oh it's skins all it corset us you
hate those reclining chairs I love those
reclining chairs because like even like
when they didn't have their kind chairs
aged always try to sit in the row that
was like behind a railing so that I
could put my feet up and now it's like
every role I can put my feet up its
glorious you fall asleep during the
second Hobbit movie The Hobbit movies
they're a little bit long but oh my gosh
the Lord of the Rings movies they are so
long I think I fell asleep for parts of
all of them and we saw them like we
watch them like back to back to back it
wasn't with retch though this with
another person
they want to know if Jason is normal
looking skin when you're not playing him
oh why would he there's multiple Jason's
in this game really like this like this
like this
I was waiting for it and it was gonna
come that little twist so the voice of
his mother yep
why is she so fucked up who what Jason's
mother why is she so fucked up cuz okay
I got another question
so like Jason is like how about I kill
people and you get okay
Jason's all determined to like kill camp
counselors because he died because he
was neglected by a camp counselor but it
sounds like his mother's fucking nuts
yes yes she was a killer in the first
movie so why is she doe says she's
killing people because they let her dad
she could she gets beheaded in the first
movie but I'm just like wondering like
why Jason is why Jason isn't going
around killing his mother trying to kill
his mother trying to kill people to
remind him of his mother and leaving the
fucking camp counselors alone why would
he do that again because she wasn't very
nice
she was crying to him
are you sure look at him look he's
fucked up because in the counselors I'll
tell you this is a much more much more
detailed camp room than the frickin NES
version you know they put knobs on those
doors for a reason yeah yeah you like
turn it and all that I'm gonna Evil Dead
this a bit Evil Dead this a bit yep and
what exactly does that mean
Oh Karen nope I see
read the check please I am reading the
chat for the most part Jason something
adjacent kill people because his mom
died okay so say she was super
protective of her son not abusive I
don't know I mean like this is her Betty
miners she's like making him making him
kill people how is making your son kill
people not corrupting a minor
did Jack become a woman I have no idea
what Jack has done since last time I saw
him but I'm not Jack and I said I shot
jackass I suspect when Jack comes here
Jack will still be jack
no I'm not replacing Jack Jack is
irreplaceable Oh weird we're like
looking at his inside yes drunken weasel
Jason and the Oedipus complex we gotcha
is that a pop machine possibly this is a
campground home Pamela Voorhees thought
he had died when insane started to
killing Nevada - to avenge Jason Jason
turned out he was alive so it's all just
a big misunderstanding
beep stir something subscribed for 20
months in a row and said it's getting
serious I want to know if you'll I guess
if you'll marry him I don't know he's
already spoken for
so is he haunted is she is he psychotic
it he's hearing her voice then please
just weren't a big guy who would've
killed teenagers they didn't think about
any of this you're trying you're trying
to make sense out of something that by
design or by lack of design makes
absolutely no sense
that's what fan fiction is for you keep
asking questions god damn it and there
are no answers nobody knows I can
speculate I want to speculate on what
the answers might be I live there the
whole fan fiction books written that are
pure speculation they said you should
check the lockers bounce any lockers
anymore
how does Freddie kill people in their
dreams
these are legitimate questions how does
Freddie turn people into like giant
flies in a and they go roach motel or
something some weird shit going on in
the fourth one
they want to know if this is on the ps4
this is the PC isn't it yes it may be
available for ps4 in the mouth this is
currently being played on a PC it might
be available for other platforms
and everything but switch well yeah it's
Nintendo what's like the most hour rated
sort of game that the notes are rated
sort of game is hold on I'm killing
teenagers don't let me down the switch
mine do they even do games I have like
violence and stuff real violence
snipper clippers like I like sniffer
clippers you know what sounds like a
euphemism for circumcision or something
they want to know why you're not
impaling people with your pike that
option didn't well mom it ought to be an
option oh it is I just didn't see the
highlighted thing pork come up casmi ow
Oh see death
someone who's like ready to die and
screaming and stuff he wasn't moving
much
I don't think they're crazy about this
game
well who's crazy about anything
what's that say here you go here you go
get him you made your mama happy look at
that
no six of eight that's not my eight oh
six of eight two people got on well fuck
me
hey rich and Karen glad to see you
streaming together can rich kill just
one counselors blanket all the best this
William mr. argit all right while the
fucker
robbed mr. numbers people might have
left the match but it said no survivors
no one oh well
Pecha knack so so far so far I have
killed all of the teenagers Jason and I
have escaped as a counselor I'm doing
pretty good
let's say you're a good mother thank you
yeah the the highlight of this is when
you stuck the pike through that guy's I
really made my cosplaying is you right
now how does that work if we're wearing
hats and I guess you're wearing sweats
sure he's got a thing I don't know oh
been jerks okay maybe I was gonna wear I
was thinking of wearing my Brewers hat
that had like a little rich pin on it
cuz nothing says love like why are you
grotesque caricature here honey
yes the highlight is when I drove away
and left everyone else to die that is
correct
well Jason was right there he was about
to murder that guy he was distracted it
don't have a spider-man shirt on
underneath I just have a grey shirt
do we have couples hats if couples shirt
yeah we both have thunderbolts hats
nothing it's not because we're a couple
those because we don't have white socks
hats but that's the different hats
they're not the same right I don't think
we have any hats that are both identical
the thunderbolts one but that's like the
team captain women yeah it's what's the
one that is like a regular official team
cap but we do have matching Batman
shirts he gets about it though
I don't know I didn't know I was gonna
be on here and it was like oh yeah
why not so this is what I was wearing
this is what I wear to go to get fast
food and what else do we do get a couple
stores
can we wear matching jumpsuits next
stream I don't know in a jumpsuit I
don't think he does either matching I'm
with stupid shirts we could wear
matching I'm with stupid shirt so we
could stand on the wrong side of each
other that would be fun
yep big blue front end says screw this
crappy game I want to talk about pac-man
is our new pac-man I know why do we want
to talk about pac-man I don't know they
want to know if they can get Jack to
dress like a clown next dream no I don't
think so
that was a special you had to ask Jack
about that I have very little control I
will say though if you donate $1,000 I
will guarantee it yeah yeah for fur
enough money Jack will be a clown
stitute hey Jack enough money and he
will dress as a clown
he won't do other things but he'll dress
as a cloud
I've seen the jack clown strain and that
was that was good well Jack clone stream
what are you talking about exactly
they say you should save your facial
hair and look at both of our reflections
and see if you can figure out what's his
wage I don't get that dick I think it's
a little easier than that I think half
the bodice like my favorite character
here heck boxes oh my god I am NOT
Richard sister because I would be creepy
yeah yeah life's full of creepy you know
that gun looks like that I used to have
like a little it's a flare I know and I
was a kid that had like little you could
shoot suction cups out at the end of it
little suction cup darts the only thing
they stuck to was my fridge I mean it
selves unfortunate have to find Jason
right away I am poorly armed am I gonna
have a discussion with hack but again I
might and the areas are already looted
why is everybody in this game weren't
planned because fuck you kid
it's Karen agent right
why the hell they carrying flare guns
boy are they supposed to summon with
them you sure the magician and it
distracts him and you can get away in
theory okay there lumbersexual I think
they might be I'm a lumberjack and I'm
okay
server anything interesting in these
cabinets yes like what keys to the car a
knife to stab Jason with so you can get
away if he grabs you
that's pretty far can you play the piano
no no what I want to why need just stick
the flare gun in this pocket
pick up the knife too because it's a
video game
can rich play an instrument no not that
I know of either can I they wouldn't
know why you can't push furniture in
front of the doors because it's a video
game and that's not a mechanic they
designed for it they want to know if nan
Jason characters can kill one another I
believe they can I've heard about this
I've not seen it
they say you can play the chat like a
goddamn Orchestra okay and that your
instrument is your sonorous voice
diluted saying her shit I don't know why
he runs so slow I want to know why you
kind of like bounce I bounce yeah he
like bonk bonk bonk bonk look I was just
running
trail running lalalalala trail running
fowl of Lala sneaky sneaky flat rock
camp yep how bland to find a phone and
call the police or something
I have no revenue of escape right now
this is very bad I was so depressed I
went on the internet I told you about
this right right the place where I went
to summer camp when I was a kid it like
got bulldozed some solder developers
it's not there anymore
I'm very sorry
serious metal detecting is looking
better these days how do I treat
sunburns that's some kind of joke little
arrows nice rag with soaked in cool
water some of that Nivea lotion
they said the musical string or the
string notes have nothing to do with
what's actually happening
I suppose think they play when Jason is
nearby I mean that would make sense
how can you have summer camp with no
lake that's a very good question I don't
see any arts and crafts see see like one
bed here and there I mean usually kids
and camps there's like 27 of them to a
room I don't see any any close and SUNY
chipmunks I don't see any bats flying
around and people freaking out
use a shitty summer camp where the
campers where the kids it's just like a
camp for kids who are trying to unbale
--vs or something i mean like it's just
a bunch of young men and and like
post-pubescent young men there's like no
campers
I don't seem too concerned that rich is
about to be murdered by an imaginary
zombie man no not really
I think the kids the kids are probably
absent somewhat from the movies just
because I don't like the really young
children you have to like jump through
hoops and get them tutors and control
their hours working hours and stuff kids
are just expensive and a pain in the
butt probably I'm set
whereas like adults you can work them
like animals if you want they want to
know if you've seen the movie Brokeback
Mountain no I haven't it sounds like a
good movie and it was well thought of or
reviewed or whatever great that's
Jason's cabin I think it was kind of a
ward or something any good kids of
expensive pains in the butt offset -
they can be not cheap yep
stretch stretch those hamstrings so you
died because of a pulled hamstring yes
he bravely ran away you ready when
danger reared its ugly head he bravely
turned his tail and fled gave Sir
Richard read about and gallantly he
chickened out
three Marlatt s' let's see now he said
he went to the New Jersey Renaissance
Fair yesterday turkey legs jousting beer
tent ridiculously overpriced right
where's what do you think of rent fairs
have you ever been to one yes yes we
have it's not my thing than rich yeah
though enjoyment depends on who you're
going with yeah I dragged rich to won
last year I I don't know if we'll get
there together this year or not
usually I end up going with my
girlfriends you know we've gone a few
times with people we know who will
remain unnamed bunch of self-absorbed
boring yeah sure last year we went with
a friend of mine who I ever not callable
Emma that trip just three years before
and they want to go to the shafts they
spend all this time walking around the
shops look at these fucking like pewter
dragons and there's a fucking guy on a
fuck a tightrope juggling flaming
bowling pins jerks they want to know
about the baseball the guy whose shadow
you type of about the guy who she had
himself yeah I did it wasn't just that
he shat himself it said everybody else
walked for like a thousand feet talk
about one subject first out of anything
this more to say about the red fair I
live the Ren Faire I I think it's just a
lot of fun watching all the people walk
around in there so little costumes and
one time we won I pulled you aside I
said let's just let's ditch these idiots
and that was the first time I have ever
first time ever I had a good time at the
red fork because we went to the
different shows and they were good shows
all right
now you can talk about
the guy baseball game moon and Rooney
are fun I the guy you shoot himself at
the baseball game yeah there were there
was a well I mean he I think he was
probably special needs or something but
but we looked at him and we're walking
and he's walking funny and then we
realized herds were fall and the right
at that moment they let the baseball
game out and nobody seemed to notice
that they were walking through it which
was just horrific
this was a special-needs guy yeah yeah
we couldn't help it
he didn't know what was going on but
they fact that everybody was walking
through it was kind of appalling oh you
hit the rock what are you doing what are
you you get it you're gonna get it one
killed
they said clipping means the sound is
horribly distorted once you once the
person speaking gets louder our words
were falling out I mean if this somebody
couldn't draw more than an occasional
problem for him the a diaper might have
been a good idea can you hit Jason with
a car no he'll will fuck up your car
well it's not cool
he's going after the car let's see what
Jason does is it gonna pop up right in
front of them why are they like boxes
there are the main road I think they're
safe
I don't know that Jason could teleport
here they said the car physics are
appallingly bad
why is he wearing you this is from this
is what he won the second one was it
really yep I don't know which ones I've
seen which one I had ones I haven't
known seen at least three or four this
lady's smart while Jason is distracting
she will start the car and leave but
she's not smart so when did he get the
hockey mask everyone
ahlian he didn't pull it off fucked it
up they got out they got out so you're
Jason right now
no I'm nobody I'm dead I'm just watching
that was some excitement Doug they want
to know if we watched Sunnis fen ghoulia
and WFL yeah yeah I definitely watch
that I didn't realize until fairly later
that it was a local thing and it wasn't
national it is no well yeah but it
wasn't then speaking of things that they
need to bring back that that were local
the bozo show but if those Oh show needs
to come back I know that that was in a
couple of different markets with
different bozos but needs to come back
and be syndicated or whatever a may if
mr. rule but what keeps you from be
lining it to the exit when there are
seven players to distract him you can't
just walk out you have to take a car out
you can only walk out if the comps have
been called once the cops arrive you can
walk out Billy Corgan sing bozo off Wow
so you have to repair the car one of the
cars or repair a boat is it a rowboat or
a motorboat that's it's a motorboat
they want to know if you can even harm
Jason yes though it's this really
convoluted process to kill Jason it's
not just it's not just doing enough
damage otherwise you can stun him to get
away you can swing a bat or a board Adam
and it might stun him and it might not
stun him they won't know if Jason
teleports yes and how are you supposed
to avoid him if he touches to teleports
next to you um well when you teleport
you're looking at the map not
necessarily where the players are so
your odds of teleporting right next to
somebody are low he does have that quick
move thing but it's hard to just land
right next to somebody to grab them it's
finicky err than that
and yes Jason's Jason's powers are on a
cool-down and you know you don't start
with them all you
he gets more and more powers as time in
the game goes by or possibly as you get
kills I'm not sure what but what I know
what your favorite soda is I don't
really have a favorite soda I don't like
the generic stuff they had that was
cheap fine though the white the the
white box that just said coli Walmart
was pretty good yeah like diet right and
Diet Dr thunder Pepsi's find ayat Pepsi
I've just gotten used to drink into I am
so now regular tastes serving some of
the fancy Jones sodas are interesting
there was one that was like like
grapefruit and candy or something I
don't know what it was supposed to be
flavored like but they had it here and I
was the only one who liked it which is a
regular Cola guy yeah he doesn't get too
adventurous little the duck root beer
too
Halloween sodas from Sam's Club I
haven't tried those or someone might be
good guy here I don't want go back to
the game
but now now like Walmart just has the
Sam's Cola just kind of sucks they don't
have the one that was in the blue and
white and red box anymore
mineral water hey if you like it enjoy
is this exclusively online what's that
mean there's gonna be a single-player
component sometime this song but for now
it's exclusively online doesn't want to
know if the server's in that dark I'm
kind of enjoying it
penny I'm sure we'd all be better off if
we only drank water I mean unless we're
like drinking water out of the tap and
like Flint or something I mean water is
better for you but I do like my pop and
its pop not soda am I your girlfriend
how do you respond to that I'm his
fiancee for over a year now get our shit
together I gotta get my ass I gotta get
get my us busy and planet I'm starting
to get a like I'm very like yeah she's
my fiancee and I said that two years ago
oh my fans yes girls on plus plus most
people who hear that would assume it's
the guy who's kind of being a jerk yeah
we'll get married someday no no nothing
like that I know that I always worry
that some people think I know
let's pop you know bubbly stuff in a can
well Jack be our wedding DJ ort I don't
plan to have anything that's like big
enough to need a wedding DJ just low-key
it's only one two three states that use
pop yeah but we're from Illinois and
that's kind of one of them
what's a bubbler
that's a Milwaukee thing that's the
dumbest thing ever yeah it's a water
fountain where I grew up there are no
bubbles there aren't how did we meet
well the first place we actually ever
met each other was gym class
sophomore year but we didn't really get
to know we we although we had some of
this there was an overlap in our and our
friends we didn't really we liked each
other well enough but we didn't know
each other very well until we ended up
going to the same community college and
then we got to know each other
yeah sophomore year of high schools the
first time we met each other the blue
prism I think it's just the calling
water fountains bubbler is like
specifically a Milwaukee thing although
for goodness sakes they might do it in
Madison - I don't know who knows what
they call it Madison are all hipsters
yes not really car keys well yeah I've
always called it a water fountain this
is Mike gonna be the best man if we do
it with the best man I mean probably
just gonna be pretty low-key they say
bike is the worst man like the best of
the worst you can be the best of the
worst man oh I get it
okay I get it don't you worry okay the
blue prism says in Madison they call it
a water found yeah I think most people
call it a water found except for people
from Milwaukee
but neither rich nor I is originally
from Milwaukee I'll be like it up here
they said so the wedding can't be on a
Sunday or a Wednesday right oh I don't
know I'm sure we can take a day off Oh
an Australia they call them bubblers
maybe some Australian person move it up
here or something it's not of a walk you
think it's an East Coast things its
Milwaukee thing too though I think it
might be an East Coast thing as well
we're not doing the car we're doing the
boat yeah we don't have keys we're doing
the boat
we headed the right way for the boat
I think they all really should strain
when you press the button that's kind of
how all water fountains work that I've
ever seen some of them you have to like
twist a knob let Jason kill all those
Schmucks were on the car I'm just
looking at the physics of his jacket
like it doesn't go anywhere and it's
like weird and flat and KP I'll be able
to spit their gum and waterfowl need to
be spanked unless they like it walk you
should be its own state its own state of
mind
I don't know but Wisconsin has like an
odd amount of steak fried like Illinois
doesn't have any I mean I mean maybe the
rest of the states do they see your
cold-blooded survival
have I heard of a mountain Dew flavor
called do sa is that some kind of joke
or something no although there's like a
new Pepsi like cinnamon and I hope they
have a Diet version because I really
want to try it
Illinois's the Land of Lincoln or the
Prairie State before stick it's liquid
solid gas in Milwaukee and plasma
oh yeah Illinois Scott more corrupt
governor's than anybody like ever it's
astonishing it really is and and when
the guava CH was going into prison
remember though did you did you see the
footage when rod Blagojevich the
Illinois governor was going into prison
for corruption and he was like shaking
hands and signing autographs and acting
like nothing was wrong it's just freaky
fantastic fantastic ready to find the
propeller
he's going after that person Chicago is
infamous for decades of extremely
corrupt and destructive prisons also
still famous for prohibition area
mobsters it's kind of crazy how people
remember that so much they want to know
if you talked to any of your teammates
if you have a mic you can
actually speaking of Chicago I'm totally
looking forward to they're gonna be
doing a movie version of the devil in
the White City which is about a lady
serial killer who operated during the
Columbian Exposition the 1893 World's
Fair and it's gonna you know have like
CGI reconstructions of the HH Holmes the
CGI reconstructions of the World's Fair
which just sounds awesome they want to
know if you hate Wisconsin more or less
compared to what Wisconsin is fine
what's yeah so that's freaking fine yeah
I've never had a problem with Wisconsin
it's slightly colder but only slightly
and Chicago's got shitty winters I like
that it's like Milwaukee is way more
accessible in Chicago because I was
looking like 25 miles out from downtown
and now it's oh my god just a lot easier
to go and do stuff yesterday we were up
by the lakefront and it was gorgeous
see if I can make rich snap before
jackets hmm hey rich rich
hey would you that dr. strange on your
shirt
fuck you they say he's an you rich
I know help find his Wisconsin Oh
Wisconsin is love is my only shot a lot
like Northern Illinois except a bit
cheaper and slightly colder
I don't feel like there's any kind of
culture shock or anything moving 100
miles north which there might be if like
I moved at Texas or something
yes Chicago has better pizza than
Wisconsin but we had D Marino's pizza
yesterday for the first time and it
wasn't bad I still like my deep-dish and
this wasn't that but this thin crust
goes it was not bad
yes Chicago's not far at all I mean I my
peeps are all the way south of the city
and that's only 100 miles trouble Pizza
is not an abomination Chicago pizzas
glorious Fargo pizzas casserole I've
heard that before
and I tend to agree but how does a good
casserole I mean they say that like it's
a bad thing
deep-dish pizzas glorious it's some Lou
Malnati's or or Pizzeria Uno Chicago
dough company Giordano's that's a good
deep-dish down there have I seen
Sherlock or do i watch her like I've
seen a couple episode this thing does
something I would like I just never got
her on watching too much put my thoughts
on Portillo's well the hot dogs are
overpriced but some of the other stuff
is good they've got some the one in
chili Park has some really good grilled
vegetable sandwiches and and their tuna
couple places have tuna tuna sandwiches
that are like like tuna steak kind of
thing and they're good deep dish hot dog
pizza
it's a sounds gross
Chicago food is terrible them's fightin
words the only one he would say that as
somebody from New York and New York
Pizza is fine too it's just a totally
different beast they say I should take a
sexy 25 question accent quiz we might
look into that right now right the
second if I ever tried Domino's Oh God
did you tell them about that you ever
trying Domino's the best thing about
that manager at the store we're rich and
I used to work who seemed to think the
Domino's was to be all of that Delta
Pizza is that he had a very unusual kind
of way of talking and the co manager
could imitate it perfectly and when it
was his day off the co manager it would
get on the intercom and he'd imitate him
and he sounded just like him but but in
a different slightly different voice and
you know it was the co manager and it
was like totally badass
mulberries Pete's in Los Angeles I've
never the only thing I know about
California pizza is that they like to
put ham and bacon on it which is a
little bit suspect but I mean there
might be some great I've never been to
California I mean they might have great
pizza for all I know but I really know
for somebody saying well who came from
there is saying Domino's is good pizza
well this guy's mentioning something
else Oh thinking that they're good and
I'm gonna say I'll give him the benefit
of the doubt there might be great picked
up your gun but yes the fact that this
guy said that Domino's was good pizza
kind of made me wonder you like my
impression of the manager or what do you
think righteous the sound about right
it's pretty good I mean it's been a few
years since I've talked to him he was
like one of those guys it was like kind
of like an adult child like you'd had a
very a very privileged kind of kind of
existence and we used to joke that he
was gonna call a call manager and and
make him shake his deck firm and when he
was done paying but this wasn't the call
manager that made fun out of him I mean
he's like musical call managers
they want an off your trolling Jason I'm
not playing I'm dead
so you're just this person who is
playing see that time right them she's
trying to draw the game she's trying to
time it out okay you know run the clock
or one that she's trying to run the
clock and it's not our work you manage
this one says they manage to Domino's
and the co-workers didn't care if they
made horrible quality product well think
about Domino's is I never got the
impression that they had wonderful
quality ingredients like I'm not sure if
it's possible to make a good pizza out
of what they give you a Domino's Pizza
Hut ish it's not my favorite
at least she's probably been five years
since I've had but I was not impressed
Domino's and little Little Caesars
actually has pretty good garlic cheese
bread when that's fresh that's actually
really good
so you see you're in the Little Caesars
just skip the pizza entirely you're
gonna play this in Chinese or Korean or
something
no people from any work and play this
game okay that makes sense let's see if
I can find a server where people speak
English
is it possible to fuck up garlic cheese
bread I hope not garlic cheese bread at
D Marino's or demarinis or D Marino's or
whatever that it was was pretty darn
good
just had giant horse penis for instant
hotdogs and Chinese people tan Marino's
know it's like it's think it's called D
Marino's I don't sip it's a place we
tried it yesterday I agree with Jay and
Animus prime local pizza generally is
the best oh when I forgot beggars
beggars has good beats in Chicago I
don't know if rich agrees with me he's
not easy for good and beggars is more of
the thin crust then the deep-dish
Chicago style although I think they have
I think they do do deep-dish but they're
not known for it
Hungry Howie's I've never heard of them
I know we went to the rocky Rococo spy
by the airport a few weeks months ago I
know around here and it was not
impressed people seem to like classic
slice slices new heaven
you see toppers a lot and toppers is
yeah toppers kind of reminds me of like
the Little Caesars Domino's kind of
chain pizza with all right a crazy-ass
selection of toppings
all right it's it in Florida I I'm
skeptical
I don't know I found like in Kentucky
and Tennessee is some of the worst pizza
I've ever had some of it is horrible
there may be good beats in Kentucky but
the worst pizza I've ever had
has been in Kentucky and Tennessee Jason
seems to like checking this building up
Oh another one that's good
mostly in like central annoys monocles
nice crunchy thin crust yeah
Oh someone just did mention monocles
yeah that's odd I was just thinking
about that when I actually unless I read
the corner of my eye subconsciously
unfortunately as far as I know the
furthest north monocles is is Kankakee
Illinois which is a good way south of
Chicago when a long way south of
Milwaukee Papa John's is headquartered
in Kentucky is that where that guy has
his giant crazy ass mansion
the words pizza they ever had was in
Punxsutawney Pennsylvania and make it
all on their own and all of it is awful
the worst pizza I've ever had was mr.
Gatti's in Tennessee but that was a
while ago and they may not even be open
anymore
Hicks they could have the best pizza by
now it was you know like 20 years ago
but I still remember it was uniquely
awful kaiser important is also in the
south suburbs of Chicago there's a
there's a little chain called Nana's
pizza that's really good
and really cheap it's by the slice but
the slices are enormous and they make
their crust and stuff right there
mr. Gatti's and Texas is awesome lady
please the one in Tennessee that one I
tried was just just just terrible the
weirdest piece t of her head was in
South Korea the weirdest pizza I ever
had was in Austria we ordered cheese
pizza and it was blue cheese which was
not at all what we were expecting so
pizzas exist yeah and and somebody said
they moved to Chicago to Tennessee and
they'd never been able to stomach the
pizza there yeah I haven't tried a lot
of pizzas in the south but the worst
pizzas I've had have been in the south
and they always say that they're
authentic Chicago style and it's like
they're not authentic anywhere style
pizza and polling where they put raisins
on it it might be good I could see like
a little bit of sweetness there the
pineapple works on Petes I know a lot of
people are gonna disagree with me but
and I would have thought it was terrible
until I tried it but I liked it
corn feed chicken Mexico
how could one fruit make somebody people
bothered I don't know squit on pizza
well squits pretty good they used to
have like a thing at this story used to
work in Illinois it was like it's like
some kind of seafood medley you had like
little bits of squid and octopus and I
don't know what all it was just parts
but it was pretty good I could see that
on Pizza spam is big and Hawaii spam is
kind of grisly though Oh deep-fried
squid you mean like calamari oh that's
good yeah but I don't know about
calamari on pizza I probably get soggy
oh my god nobody gives a shit about the
beads up I could talk about something
else oh my god I don't know what else do
we have we've already talked about Jason
this woman's utter lack of jiggle
physics the ugly-ass broom
all right
shouldn't they talk about Stromboli
calzone soko zones are good there's a
other richest scariest fan encounter I
don't know what richest scariest fan
encounter if this rich if they want they
hinted that the thing that happened I'm
not talking about it I'll have good
reason not to talk about it and you know
I have good reason not to talk about it
so stop asking me about it okay what is
my favorite superhero heroine he don't
find a Squirrel Girl
there is an other car right I'm not
going by the one that Jason keeps
hanging around other car around your guy
you punched him in the face yeah that's
it we can make that really short and
sweet that's basically you go on the
wrong way go to Milan got all nervous
fell all over himself and tapped rich in
the head but not art I don't have to be
uncomfortable not hard enough to be like
a pop lunch yeah because he wasn't
trying to do that he was just falling
all over him so he was like the world's
weakest man it's possible I want to know
where the bald one is hey I don't know
how around sooner or later or he won't
yeah he's got kids he's probably
watching them if his wife has been holed
up at work or something then she'll be
late and they'll be late they said we
sold them to white slavers that's
fantastic
what kind of car is that sound like a
good gremlin or something maverick and
it's not quite a gremlin cousin you got
like a world I don't owe her a gremlin
it's a kind of car well it's not an OVA
my parents had an OVA in the 80s it was
ugly the Chevette maybe I think that one
had like a kind of like a weird little
corner at the top of the roof like where
the hatch in the roof part came together
hold up hold up
escort it might be an escort man it's
been a long time since I've seen it and
escort rich had an escort about 20 years
ago long gone now it's a good little car
though
Seve citation yeah oh no I'm not a
good-good not really a car person it's
definitely a tiny one and it's
definitely like an 80s looking 186
escort sound about right
oh that's stuck in the ground
rich what is your opinion of the popular
television situational comedy known as
Cheers
my opinion is fuck off have you ever
been watched all 11 seasons on Netflix
if you were Sam would you pick Diane
Rebecca oh sorry I don't think the
screen is working anymore what did you
do to it I cleared it but my fingers
were in there and I think you broke it
you turn it off or something
you hit the button to turn on you never
never electronic devices okay let's see
a power button where's apartment on the
side or something
Harry shit well mine's got it up my mic
Chromebook has it on the upper right
it's right here okay Erol okay I was
worried I broke it because like
literally my hand was that was in there
and my hand like punched it of the
screen because he slammed it on my
fingers
I know someone call 9-1-1 my my little
fig kiss that make it better guess it
make it better thank you
oh I'm gonna stain in my pants Oh
my fingers are okay he's strong kick
them in the balls kick them in the balls
kick them in the balls so you're gonna
answer the chairs question yeah give a
shit about the chairs question fuckers
is that the same guys before with a
different color sweater yeah I feel like
this game is worth 40 I don't know I'm
enjoying it though
who bears a pink sweater and green pants
some asshole in the 80s if I can find
out what's going on with Jack oh you're
gonna trade me in I want to get rid of
me
you didn't answer the question about you
I don't do you think I listen to one
part of that question one fucking one
over the years Bend wide eleven seasons
snow if you were Sam would you pick
Diane Rebecca or Carla I took Carl if I
were you I mean Carla didn't take any
shit how old is rich old enough to know
better
it'd just been to the salt dad what I am
and that's screwed by some person didn't
know how to drive the car properly
didn't know that Jason would teleport
and for the car wasn't being careful
it's not good
so you think for Cheers like they wanted
that like this piano man but the the
Wrights cost too much so they went with
that you wanna go
so leave they're always glad you came
this guy just kind of troll Jason he's
way we were you waiting for
there's the cop why don't you run over
by the cop and give him no I'm did well
then how come you're running around I'm
not running around that's someone else
do not know how games work most games I
know when you're dead you're dead you're
not going around watching everybody else
so Diane Rebecca Carla damn
wait no Diane was the blonde Diane was
like Sam's love interest Rebecca and
Carla was the record was Kristy alley
right weirdo with Kristy alley Carla
Carla was like the the petite curly dark
hair no-nonsense lady they want to know
if you ever watched Becker with Ted
Danson no was that the show where he's
the doctor because that sure was not bad
my dad watches that and what's-her-face
the other one the waitress was Diane
Rebecca and in Carla she was married she
was wearing today was no she was ready
to any of you and real my wife he didn't
have like a guest her parents she was
married to somebody in the show you
didn't ever really see I don't know I
don't know I like norm the mailman yeah
he was cool and Frasier everybody liked
Frasier which is probably why I end up
with a different show the easiest way to
S which is age this how old he wasn't
Star Wars came out well yeah ask
anything that's any particular year and
you ask how old somebody was then you
you math works like that
I don't know if rich was even born when
Star Wars came out actually probably not
well do vaguely should have been
there's no Russian vanquish look I'm
gonna be vague with streams I load knows
how many of them I've already streamed
it multiple times
has anyone seen Wonder Woman yet set out
when are they gonna do Black Widow how
do you feel about Wonder Woman are you
interested in when a woman do you give a
postive in it it might piss me off who
knows but I'm interested have you ever
thought or cared about Wonder Woman at
all in the past at any point in history
oh my god yes I had Wonder Woman
rollerskates and Wonder Woman under
Willy and a Wonder Woman kami really oh
yeah when I was like five I was a huge
one I used to watch it I got Wonder
Woman and I danced around and they
wouldn't woman under and and yeah I was
a total fan when I was like yay high I
was like huge in the 70s show and the
reruns oh yeah big time
all right you guys go Wonder Woman yeah
did I have a lasso I used to like use my
jump rope as kind of one but I didn't
know how to tie knots yet so he just
would kind of hold it because I didn't
know how to do a slip knot or anything
it was like long before I learned to tie
my shoes or anything I mean talking
about when I was like four I was I went
through a big Wonder Woman phase and I
do my braid Wonder Woman rollerskates
over the plastic ones that go on over
your shoes and they're like a size is
adjustable uh-huh
I've never heard you mentioned Wonder
Woman ever before at any point the
entire time I have known you yeah and
then they had the Wonder Woman 77 the
comic book thing that came out two years
ago I know you're like Batman 66 well
yeah that outside Wonder Woman 77 I know
they were the best roller skates I mean
especially if you didn't know how to
roller skate which at that age
realistically I was just kind of walking
while wearing roller skates and trying
to I didn't have the whole side-to-side
thing down yet not at that age I didn't
have a Batman cape but I did wear a
receiving blanket as a as a Batman cape
a few times I do remember that ever
played pretending I was pretending I was
Superman and Batman Superman and watch
you Circle Square on TV that was
terribly bad luck remember Circle Square
what the fuck you talking about no it
was like some kind of contra fide
Christian children's something wrong I'm
gonna leave the doors open not
barricading them who is the one that's
dead
goodbye brainstem
let's H ITB rich huh what's H I TV a
half in the bag they want us to be
enough no wonder woman half in the bag
no Chad it's not a rage quit when you
die I'm not gonna sit around for a 20
minute badge when I am the first one out
that's just silly
seriously they need to like have the
lumberjanes come into this game and just
start kicking ass just saying alright
Jacobi or assume that I might turn
Vanquish on Oh WTF ezel Oh somebody
wants you to say their name Omega what
for the bid bid Ikuo laughs barbecue
laughs oh my god what the fuck barbecue
lol ass yep
did I like Brooklyn I didn't see Roblin
I'm sure I'll see it at some point but I
listen to make a giant hurry to want to
get away from here cuz that cars gonna
be a fucking jason magnet are we gonna
make a trip to agonda anytime soon no
that's in Africa right yes
yeah Uruguay is in South America I had
to think about that for a second which
ones which not that they're the same I
mean I'm sure they're very very
different places oh Conda Wisconsin I
don't think there's no kind of Wisconsin
but there's all kinds of weird names up
here like Kinnickinnic and Menominee
Wauwatosa and so you know I wouldn't
rule it out is there a telephone
we need a telephone we need to call the
cops I think it's the same bad boys bad
boys what you're gonna do what you're
gonna do and they come for you
baseball now take your base they say
how's the voice acting rich that's great
it's absolutely Wisconsin basically is
Canada well the top of it maybe the
bottom of it is kind of like Chicago in
miniature
I'm sure that people who live here would
be pissed off to ever hear described
that way but I think they have a lot in
common it's an extended suburb yeah
I have a feeling that people from
Milwaukee probably feel about Chicago
the way people from Chicago care about
New York but they're not very far away
from each other barely Upper Midwest is
all those those French names tribal
names filtered through the French
explorers like even wah I'm guessing you
Illinois was at some point thinking it's
my favorite though I just love that word
Wisconsin does the California of the
Midwest
politically certainly not the climate
where's Wisconsin is a very large area
it's just like Illinois I mean say
anything you want to say about them you
know Chicago is not going to be true
about far southern Illinois and anything
you want to say about Milwaukee is not
going to be true of you know the
superior snow belt
Wisconsin is Canada's Florida hey that's
a scary thought yeah I think Wisconsin
did go for Trump but usually it goes the
other way so I think it was different
than the last few times the only ways
largest state park
Miska is Wisconsin I know a little ways
best state parties gotta be star Rock
Newfoundland is Cal is Canada's Florida
yes like I've heard that I actually
asked our Canadian about that I said
what do but two old Canadians with money
dude do they move to Florida or do they
move to some particular part of Canada
and he mentioned Newfoundland or new
fumbling over they say it dr. Harry Lime
says I'm interviewing Len cabins in ski
for my two-bit podcast today I've just
watched a few of his movies on Amazon
had a blast thanks our alum for bringing
Len to the rest of the world you're
welcome Florida is God's waiting room
I've heard that too southern Illinois
southern Illinois is its I think
geographically further south than
Richmond and possibly culturally - it's
just a different just different than
Northern Illinois culturally different
and the weather is definitely much more
warm and humid than Chicago
Canadians are super meaning newfies
Canadians are mean to people
I thought Canadians whole thing was
being nice and apologizing a lot I
didn't know Canadians did mean it's kind
of sad to hear I thought gays were all
nice the encoders for tiring Chinese
people Canadians can't afford it yeah
I've heard Vancouver's expensive but
other than the rain it sounds like it's
got a lovely climate realistically I'm
sure they have meth everywhere I don't
think it's necessarily they may be
making it more in places that are
isolated but methods everywhere drug
abuse of all sorts is everywhere hippie
I can't get the sand out of my shoes
being in Florida has done a number on my
blues sand shoes aren't the only places
it goes
you bet there's no meth on the moon
that's true there probably is no meth on
the moon and if you open a beer it'll
probably like immediately evaporate into
the vacuum or something the moon is not
made of meth the moon is made out of
green cheese
to school eat your drugs stay in
vegetables sounds like a plan
yeah rural areas do have problems with
poverty and drugs I mean so do the
suburbs increasingly the cities to some
extent have the advantage of the
population concentration they can it's
easier to provide services when people
aren't so sparse sparsely located
her fame was like a drug but even more
like a drug with all the drugs what's
that for am I like it Austin Technicolor
that does not sound Pleasant
no battery yet you know do i DMD i have
never dated indeed it sounded like
something i might enjoy but nobody I
know has ever been in it and awesome
geographically anywhere near me like I
have friends online that like that sort
of thing and it sounds like it would be
fun but really the opportunity never
really presented itself
how about rich what never played D
no never wanted to yeah what is the
escape velocity of an unladen swallow
how many sweaters that I have waiting
around and shouting doesn't sound like
much wrong 32 is the answer to life the
universe and everything he's wearing his
cornflower blue sweater
not really
the problem with an r LM D&D; is Mike
would have to be the DRM so that's bad
news for rich so like real life poke
rich where
you you live to abuse me to brutalize to
intimidate what does Rich's pin number
867-5309 Oh when I poke his arm it's
abused but when he spend my fingers hey
that was purely an accident I know he
didn't know my head was in there yes
your finger poking is a blatant blatant
abuse how's the game so far rich I'm
enjoying it all I really notice is that
this guy is a lot of different colored
sweaters
whatever pressure let's talk about
Cheers
well we were going to talk about the
fact that rose and is coming back on one
with the jacket Sarah get his his
employed okay
it does look like he's wearing a
superhero cape you got like super rad
color you know for those stupid brown
pants car battery or telephone those are
the two things we need you know one of
the two
GIC sweater pack includes the Cosby
which was what female somebody said the
DLC to be wetter pack includes the Cosby
which will render female adjacent give
us that was pretty good ah that was a
disappointment that was going well so
what happen he said that the the DLC
content will include the Cosby with the
sweater cousin of the the the date rape
drug you can put in like Jason straight
to get away they're gonna be unconscious
I wonder it's disappointing I wanted
because Jason gave up and left the match
that's why it's disappointing I didn't
get to put the battery in the car and
drive away I didn't get to call the cops
and sneak away it was a disappointing
way to win so like like if you were on
the Titanic and you got a wouldn't the
lifeboats she'd be like I didn't like
this way let me go back on and try to
try to survive again you heard this game
was disappointing
this games probably as good as a
multiplayer Friday the 13th game can be
I don't know what you want so you think
it should be single-player I don't know
you know playing seven players Jason
would be fun cuz you don't get the
players Jason that often like a 10%
chance every time you play the game to
be Jason Oh grab page la seriously very
much what's factorio I have no idea they
want to know if you like autism soon I
don't know what that means they don't
know what that is not as good as rocket
like lots of things aren't as good as
rocket like raggedly it's pretty good
it's a good you know me it's basically
soccer with cars
soccer or hockey with fewer rules and
jet-powered cars
I agree with half but says you have the
memory of the termite
heck I've got that from me
well said it seems like a $15.00 game
it's I mean the many years it looks
pretty good
but it's like they're I mean don't even
pay much attention to it and it's boring
me
fact please try factorial one time rich
you brand on the desert planet and have
to science the shit out of it to leave
no boring story or cutscenes alright
no that might be fun you know how that's
an autism sim or what that means but it
sounds like a MacGyver sim if you manage
avatar II made a video game version of
the Martian know how horrible that would
be I can't because I'm like for the 2600
I'm thinking of like et it is captain
jerk how are you
you build robots to do all the work for
you in the most complex game of erector
set imaginable
all right car battery this game should
have scooby-doo character skids although
fred is there already I could you know
that would just about any game would be
better with scooby-doo character skins
available it is multiplayer it's farts
so far it's only multiplayer Jack yep
I think I hear it's either jacker or
Jason is coming up the stairs to kill us
at this point I might be ok with that
Jack put us out of our misery quickly
