Episode 793
Exploring new Fridays (Part 3)
July 5, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08WDhRA3cps
___________________________________________

Thermage I hurt myself today
oh man oh man I love that album that
word spiral yeah that was a great album
it has anice strategy richard has a new
ground look that strategy would have
worked had the bat actually swung all of
you helped your friend yeah yeah I was
listening to like a gravity kills album
on wake up
you know Amazon Prime or guilty and
that's that was the big song yeah I was
listening when I thought you know what
the only thing that made this anything
was like the distorted industrial
sounding sound effects otherwise this is
like this is like bad country music not
words hey hey I'm guilty yeah and oh and
you're guilty too you know it seems seem
cool 20 years ago but it is just not
aged well I I don't know like there was
a period like right after eighth grade
when the downward spiral and further
down the spiral came out that I that I
went through my exactly two-month long
goth phase I would listen to those two
albums and nothing else and I loved him
I have not listened to them since I
don't know how they get downward spiral
and pretty hate machine oh fuck yeah a
little smack my bitch up
who was they who did smack my bitch up
do you remember that song I don't know
somebody's mentioning Marilyn Manson
Marilyn Manson was huge although
physically or their music either
although he was never a pretty boy but
uh
although the beautiful people is still
pretty so pretty catchy when a couple of
major league players having us there
like walk up music Jim Thome that
remains pretty catchy you know yeah I'll
stand by the beautiful people the
prodigy oh man I'm actually oh thank you
or filter I thought about them in a
while
Shortbus amen that's why I say man nice
shot oh look we're good shot yeah thank
bass fire start here we haven't had a
different Jason we've only had the same
Jason so it's exciting to me oh look
here the jacket great no bag head Jason
oh corn of course do you remember do you
remember the corn song that like the
nursery rhyme trying to think what
nursery rhyme that is that was right
there was like a mary had a little lamb
part to it that song was awesome Jason
already by me I just I haven't heard it
a while I'm not sure if it would still
be on I didn't even have time to footage
of it staring corn was of its time
Candlebox were of their time we can't
lecture like a two-hit wonder if me far
behind me yeah yeah yeah babe feed to
teach you bad yad like adjacent seeking
missile Haley
we are all Colonels in the corn army
come on
well the 90s were good for about two
years
[Laughter]
I remember disturbed an sr-71 and a
bunch of different crazy one-hit wonders
I was listening to some 90s playlist on
Amazon they had that one that's standing
outside a broken phone booth with a
quarter in my hand
yeah hasn't thought about that one in a
million they downhearted oh that was
Tom's diner that was is that that's the
same oh no that oh you're through
turning through the horoscopes and so
they did a great version of that song
that had like it was an I Dream of
Jeannie parody that one that's a great
one that was a great one they're the
only song that everyone tomorrow would
come up on my my playlist that I love on
ironically is um who sucked out the
feeling I don't know maybe who sucks out
the feeling is a great song only because
that was Suzanne Vega Suzanne Steiner
yeah who sucked out the feeling Alton
looked at it look that up like super
drag was that their names
maybe that names familiar drag you know
like hitching a ride 45 minutes or life
is a dream played out like a machine who
sucked out that one it's not good sounds
like blink 182 or something it's Oh
it was it was like that versatile like
when garage met alternative rock and no
one was really a good singer but that
was all right there was like a like a
like a like a bad southern callous
California surf punk revival vein going
on for a little while there too which
one are you talking what he's on for I
don't practice thing too real
Oh everything when I and what was that
one group that all their side
what's a group rich that you don't like
this all their song shall delight but I
like the one favor clear might be ever
clear you have that that is a band whose
every sound a song sounds like the
toady's oh yeah possibly kingdom yeah
that one was definitely and then just
see what about were the the one about
killing yourself or whatever the bucket
oh it's like was your trap Possum
Kingdom then they have a song about like
some woman kill yourself or something
putting there's a pop song pasta that
was Possum Kingdom right was about
vampires that was supposed to be right
kind of kind of like the the 90s version
of don't fear the reaper or something
vehicle creed park yeah pretty much
I'm realizing now I know nothing about
music says dashing dapper dandy dancer
no no this is just like this is
literally like two old people talking
about oldies at this point like yeah
these music as all these others and that
ageless timeless we're specifically
talking about the stuff that is not aged
well that everyone has forgotten about
just something we're Barris that we like
right this is stuff that will be
considered like dad rock once my kids
older I'm like hey kids let's listen to
Tony's yeah dad we don't want to listen
to your oldies oh oh oh dickhead just
throws a knife at you through the window
oh my God look at your face
no I never liked presents United States
of America that that hold peaches saw I
just wanted to throw it out already shut
the front door that hole oh it is
beautiful and perfect that whole kind of
boy voice is now guy the boy who kind of
my voices had great albums but their
production was awful of their singer was
awful and they just and their songs were
all like a good idea that they for like
45 seconds and they never went anywhere
it was like you always listened to that
and thought that sounds like it could be
really good if you triggered a trap
Blind Melon they had unlikes couple
their songs I like change and of course
the b-girl thing skinless spin-doctors
oh lordy that's good enough that's going
way back spin-doctors is like late 80s I
think that's really dies the guy that
looked like they like Alexei lands laws
or whatever the heck traffic there was a
guy in the US soccer team and the spin
doctors like twins tool a tool of aged
okay I think collective soul and
butthole surfers went back into whatever
caves they came out of crash-test
dummies were definitely quintessential
one-hit wonders mmm
there was this girl love that parents
made her come directly home right after
[Music]
Alison Shane's had a bunch of songs that
well dated and terrible pavement were
like beyond hipster I'm about done okay
you want to give it one more try I'll
give her one more go and an ugly kid
Joe's version of cats in the cradle
those are
like ugly kids yeah one didn't wonder
was that I hate everything about you it
might have been I think he's the one had
that the cover of Harry Chapin yeah
cat's in the cradle and he also had a he
also had the like this the worst song
ever created which is I hate everything
about let's see thinking out bed
religion I love TV party at all those
vintage TV shows Dallas that's
incredible
Monday Night Football so were they going
should be some buoys they go through
soulless I was in there my witnessing
kid my escape video yeah Chris Cornell
died you didn't know sorry it's like a
week ago
oh I love this person suicide right
favorite character in Douglas Adams they
said they liked the ship hung in the air
and much the way that bricks don't yeah
that's a great line and thanks and don't
forget our towel it is but let's see a
favorite line no favorite carrot Carrie
just got to be Marvin for you oh I know
you what's Marvin I do like that line
you know God's final messages to create
to his creation we regret the
inconvenience mm-hmm
I've always been fond of a bit about
bricks hug into the air and precisely
which don't is there anyone else who
lives the same way is there anyone else
alive no just this video oh we got the
sleeping bag death if you can find her
and while bagger the infant prolonged it
wanted to insult and help everybody
individually personally in an
alphabetical order something along those
lines
rich Karen and Jack readings from
Toronto a long time are LM fan first
time subscriber to prereq can't catch up
on every past dream but really enjoying
Sierra text parsers yeah got it you know
what it might be it might be time for
Space Quest too soon sure sure soon I
know ever
getting a lot of messages people love oh
no no no no don't bring up a lot of snow
got one hand in my pocket I don't know
what was more annoying that song or the
one the one the ironic song were nothing
and it was ironic like rain on your
wedding day is only ironic if you have
it in Death Valley because you wanted to
not rain no well so that the the the
problem with ironic is it made everyone
confused as to the definition of ironic
I think they were already confused by
health
so like ironic just means something
that's funny no no yes no it's a
juxtaposition that's well it's comical
no yeah but it has to be a juxtaposition
it's not anything that's funny if I go
over there and hit you with a rubber
hammer it's not ironic right it's it's
but it is a juxtaposition for comedy
sake
no yes no no no I'm pretty sure no you
are completely wrong
you are the out of all of the things
where does not mean what I bet you have
said and all of the time I have know you
yeah that is by far the most wrong thing
that you have ever said I say out wait
first of all I say a lot of wrong things
we are going to look up the word I ready
for Jack let's let's do this define
irony the expression of one's meaning by
using language that normally signifies
the opposite taking the typic typically
for humorous or emphatic effect the
state of affairs are an event that seems
deliberately contrary to what one
expects and is often amusing as a result
a literary technique originally used
employed in Greek tragedy I wish the
full significance of a character's words
or actions are clear to the audience a
reader
although unknown to the character does
that mean being super right
no no typically does not mean 100% of
the time what was the firt what was the
first definition of that well you're
putting the emphasis on the humor but
the emphasis is on the IDI whoa just I'm
saying read again I closed it son of a
bitch it's a juxtaposition with humorous
consequences right nope that's literally
what a juxtaposition
that is frequently humorous but not
always you said always you said that you
emphasize the comedy as being the males
that happen would be funny to be ironic
something could be ironic and be tragic
awful happening the opposite way to what
is expected and typically causing
amusement because of this bait I guess
why a management oftenly
I guess basically what I'm saying rich
is you characterized me as being the
most wrong ever oh my and this
definition has been like 80% right so I
guess what I'm saying is you're an idiot
and I'm super smart you keep telling
yourself that Jack this is me this is me
being right jack somebody said somebody
said Jack work on your Venn diagrams
this is me totally being right
juxtaposition in a comedic fashion
happening in the opposite way of what is
expected and typically causing amusement
because of this maybe like 70 I I'm
taking I'm taking umbrage with riches
this is the most wrong Jack has ever bit
line which I take of irony when a tiny
dog is named giant if a police officer
gets a ticket for driving too fast a
pilot with a fear of heights that's
funny
I'm saying for a time I need you to
officially retract this is I'm not gonna
do that
oh because I am right we will let the
court of public opinion judge this I am
often wrong here is and and when I am
wrong I will I will happily say you know
what you got me I was totally wrong
about that but this is one case where I
gave a definition that was super close
to the real life and see Lucas says it
makes so much sense that Jack doesn't
understand irony farm and such thanks
for the stream Jack I'm giving you money
because I hate you of course have a
great night Justin find this person so
he could kill them
yeah it's the unexpected thing that
makes it irony but but irony doesn't
have to be humorous the definition says
often humorous okay he's looking he went
in the house he's looking he doesn't
know where they are
she has some kind of perk that makes her
hard to find and she's just gonna wait
it out just justly know what I like and
normally I'd say okay fuck it we'll find
another game but if there's a
possibility of a sleeping bag death jack
pumpkin is slamming their head into
their desk because of you how do you
feel about that because of me I
understand how you feel because I'm so
correct bigger blue is slapping his dick
in the Jackson dice literally was
invented in Greek tragedies I am being
that's the origin of the word from
tragedies do I need to reread the
definition maybe because I was totally
right we didn't get to see it because
you had the camera not on the spectator
mode I was looking for Jason it didn't
look like they died in a sleeping bag
though
because I was too busy defending my
honor I fucking I fucking hope it was
worth it
that we didn't get to see the sleeping
bag death what wasn't worth it me being
here you're being an asshole me being
right you're being an asshole and smart
about it maybe you're right apparently
there's a pole in your 83 no this is
ironic you're welcome
[Music]
George Carlin's definition of irony
god I love Carlin what do you say I
don't know but I'm gonna go look it up
because Carlin is brilliant
will I be breaking any any role if I
read it Carlin quote about irony you
can't like have the audio play but if
you want to read it that's fine I hope
you get to plays Joseph I'd be a fine
way to end this that would be a fine way
to end a stream that would be fun that
would be fun
Carolyn says I'm tired of television
announcers host newscasters and
commentators nibbling away at the
English language making obvious and
ignorant mistakes blah blah blah
irony deals with opposites it has
nothing to do with coincidence if two
baseball players from the same hometown
and different teams received the same
new uniform number it's not ironic it's
a coincidence if Barry Bonds attains
lifetime statistics identical to his
father's it would not be ironic it would
be a coincidence
irony is a state of affairs that is the
reverse of what is to be expected a
result opposite to and in mockery of the
appropriate result for instance if a
diabetic on his way to buy insulin is
killed by a runaway truck he is the
victim of an accident if the truck was
delivering sugar he's the victim of an
oddly poetic coincidence but if the
truck was delivering insulin ah then he
is the victim of an irony if occurred
after surviving bloody battle with you
just nodded yes because that would be
fun we're talking about a diabetic who
got run over by a truck carrying insulin
yes this is I'm not going to apologize
for laughing at that situation that you
are laughing at the situation you're
laughing at a dead diabetic who got
killed by I mean talked about killed in
a humorous and ironic way yes if a Kurd
after surviving bloody battle with
Saddam Hussein's army and a long
difficult escape through the mountains
is crushed and killed by a parachute
drop of humanitarian aid that my friend
is irony writ large are you guys saying
that this stuff isn't funny because I'm
saying that yes yes Darryl Stingley the
pro football player was paralyzed after
a brutal hit by Jack Tatum now Darryl
Stingley say no leader at all and if the
Sun should become paralyzed while
playing it will not be ironic it would
be coincidental if Darryl Stingley son
paralyzes someone else it's closer to
ironic if he paralyzes Jack Tatum's son
that will be precisely ironic
you-you-you buy your wife a handgun so
she can protect herself and somebody
steals the handgun and shoots her with
it that is ironic and that is in no way
funny
it's think think more along the lines of
the Gift of the Magi
ever oh the oh Henry story sure okay
more along those that's a fine example
okay so we have some we got we got some
some some infos comments here let me
find the bottom here we mister I think
we read this one already but thanks for
the immensely entertaining time guys
stream better they've got battery to the
car cool very cool thank you uh even
though you're a jerk
take that battery to the car that blue
icon on the map oh because I'm right
okay yeah it just seems to me like
you're nitpicking my incredibly being my
being mostly current hello rich Jack and
Karen I'm the one says Chuck Fox I'm the
one who cheated at bookworm adventures
I've taken up self-flagellation and hope
this will work toward healing our
shattered friendship please ban me again
but oh well okay I got the battery any
gas of keys okay
hey prereqs is oxy Baxter very happy I
finally made it to a stream with Karen
hi Karen thanks for hanging out hi jack
you're my good friend Richard Karen and
nemesis our final frontier which is
worse final final frontier I agree what
have we learned today rich when we tried
to help another councillor escape a
monstrous undead killing machine we let
you loose but when you selfishly drive
off and leave out there's a certain
death you win
yes that's life life isn't pretty
we were find gas usually does it in
cabins or is it like around back and
I've never I haven't seen it outside but
theoretically yeah I know there's
anything preventing it I've never seen
one outside if I mentioned lately how
much I miss Carolyn
Dark Crystal is getting a Netflix series
that's true
so what I it was never a big favorite of
mine now if they did a specfic series of
The Princess Bride that might be hmm I
could get behind lad hi you know it
would be tough for me it'll be tough for
me not having Carrie Ellie's do tell oh
I mean not having having Andre the Giant
yeah not having any of it baseball bats
now in Fred Savage hit puberty a good
long time ago
winch water
[Music]
[Music]
why have a favorite song rich sings with
this melodic voice I like singing songs
with rich we like singing this is the
tribe the portal song and the gambler on
a warm summer's evening on a train bound
from nowhere
I met up with a gambler boat to tired
sleep so we took turns staring out the
window at the darkness boredom overtook
us and he began to speak he said son I
have made my life
people's faces knowing what the cards
were by the way the hell their eyes so
you don't mind saying hastily whiskey
I'll give you some advice I handed down
my low then he bummed a cigarette and
asked me for well and his late night got
deathly quiet night God why hast lost
all expression said if you're gonna play
the game boy know when know when to walk
away no N
you never count your money when you're
sitting at the table there will be time
enough this is gonna get us a copyright
strike I know you two are just being
adorable and I don't like it
my right is all right you know I love it
may not be real gold what they want to
go over the Jason kill oh that sounds
interesting follow this guy okay he
seems to know what he's doing I don't
think singing the song yourself acapella
counts as monetization of anything on
YouTube in charge your name is chart
chart come with me we'll need you to put
on the sweater oh this could be good
they said that wasn't bad guys that was
awful slow down stop a little bit get
your breath
this guy might know what he's doing
you gotta get the mask off it wasn't bad
it was ironic char did not use his
shotgun he got me too fast I can't talk
to him now
oh I made rich listen to what condition
my condition was in this morning just
just so I could show them Oh different
Kenny Rogers sound good
[Music]
we're gonna follow this guy around you
hope something horrible happens don't
just hope something interesting happens
there's still two female counselors so
they can still go for a get off we want
you to stop laughing because you're
waking up their girlfriend then they
have their head yes like I get it they
can go fuck themselves I'm sorry he says
you can go fuck yourself maybe we could
get like a subtitled version or just
says hahaha
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
people all have some weird facial palsy
or some right
[Music]
no window no window
I'm gonna get going so if you want to
move closer to rich so you can be on the
camera uh-huh so he can stroke your
[Music]
[Music]
blood looks like a deep fake out a nice
one
well no not a nice one who's on to it
they want to know jack if you introduce
your own kids to nerdy things or get up
and discover them on their own if I will
do what if you introduce your kids to
nerdy things or let them discover them
on their own I don't think they're gonna
need any help right where it's like we
just have nerdy things around the house
yeah so one day and you're one of your
children was wearing glasses and I said
what are those that he he goes don't ask
it's a secret Oh cuz they were just he
got it from the thrift store somebody's
gonna wear him for like Halloween or
no no he just wears them all so I mean
he said the Harry Potter and yeah this
is up like everything like he has a
marker he makes a scar on his forehead
yeah and yeah he's like I need but I
need to be Harry Potter glasses so I
could be Harry Potter and I saw him and
I didn't know I thought he's looking at
a big hernia but I thought it was
possible but he had picked out his own
prescription glasses I didn't notice
didn't have any lights so I'm like oh
nice glasses
you know comic books and big yeah like
Harry Potter but like those are also
those are no sugar nerd things right
those are pop culture things yeah so
I can only assume you know eventually
they'll they'll like have a rebellious
phase where they will wanted like do
cool stuff
nice whatever that means
we get your kids like all the normal
stuff kids are into Pokemon and whatever
oh c'mon and Harry Potter kids like
books and Star Wars a little bit you
know dude they're too young for
rebellion and individuality with large
and the teenage said right there's a
little right so how do I can I spend
points ah yeah they want to know if
there's any mountain dew left Oh what
yeah
oh look you can you can you can upgrade
your stats what get new outfit um
lumberjack and I'm okay a sleep oh I
died all night and asleep both a roll
perk yeah let's see what that is
yeah increase a role for / yeah increase
the top speed of cars while you are in
the driver seat
yeah let's see let's see what perk we
can get this bitty they said these
characters were originally designed for
the Sims 3 weren't they sure look like
all we need to sim
do I like horror movie did you get from
honestly I like really bad cheesy ones
the best but not quite as bad as some of
the stuff discussed that good in car
starting every certain time decreases
that's great so I do oh yeah so then so
now we have oh we just keep everyone
gets to use these persons oh that's good
yeah if interesting faces I mean they're
all different or Allen different looking
people they're not all just like the
same you know the male face the female
face different different hair colors and
stuff yeah he's pretty shitty she's
great
but you can upgrade she's good at the
fixing things you can upgrade I like
that I dig them
cool yo cool what's the plan I'm gonna
get ready to start one more will roll
the Jason chance I would love to end on
a Jason okay well then we'll go down
yeah I'm gonna yeah I'm gonna get I know
you gotta you gotta stay on your
schedule for your work
sure well hold on I mean I think I'm
gonna roll some more perks then come and
get everyone everyone some just in case
I get one of these counselors we're
gonna get up make sure all these people
have something it's been Pleasant all
right
[Laughter]
seven dollars and change a month you
better more than one person doing it
what's the spark what's have you sleeper
I don't have him yet do we
this guy yeah yeah yeah well but these
first can be used by anyone oh yeah okay
so while inside a sleeping bag you have
a chance to avoid Jason's sense each
time he uses it okay oh yeah we'll give
that to this guy great oh it's bond
preference I'll go to Jason real and
apply it and confirm okay so that's you
know everybody no place that's right
exactly
I'm sure everyone wants me Jason yeah
I'll give it a shot we'll give it one
more shot
ready
ready B boo boo doo boo so one more run
of this and it's over yes that's the
plan
doo doo de doo I wasn't gonna move
anyway
this takes what about five minutes well
it's gonna might be longer than that
plus we gotta read names all right yeah
I nevermind fuck it I'm out of here I
don't want you to go to bed too late I
know your job thank you I know
all right dr. David YouTuber something
like that about well you haven't had
dinner yet no that's crazy
yeah you guys have a weird schedule well
with rich has a weird schedule I'm fine
with it to me to me it is off I don't
care what you think it's my schedule
there you go that's all that matters
then do I work on Memorial Day I do not
but I work at 4:00 in the morning and
she after she frequently works it like
she usually have to be up at like 2:00
a.m. and it's not a good idea to start
going to bed later and get out of the
habit of going to bed at a reasonable
time hey everybody hi it's me now I'm
here dr. David is streaming right now
well great then we have two streamers
streaming on screen that we're streaming
to how many viewers do you have is every
I got more people watching my stream
than you have watching your stream
[Laughter]
probably not probably not probably not
my Karen as I see you
stream fight yeah rich that was kind of
rude oh I said it in such a funny way
hopefully they knew we were joking okay
fortified no guy has 13 ah good friend
maybe you know what me could be super
huge someday yeah it's just starting out
and then well and then what then we'll
say do you remember do you remember what
you remember yeah do you rember when we
had the honor of thing on dr. Destructo
didn't demonstra yep and that guy's
stream we had the honor I'm so kidding I
wish I wish him luck I have nothing
against this man but we have more people
watching streaming right now just saying
I'm just saying
[Laughter]
which looks like a dick bragging about
viewers I'm deliberately being an
asshole for humor say sure but you can
see how like it may be if someone didn't
know you maybe would come off as a
little dick
Oh Jason's over there
I mean I'm going this way
okay we can do this we can do this where
you can do this well metal pipe yes I
would rather have a metal pipe actually
if he's on YouTube we can't host him
that's true yep he also doesn't have his
mic muted and sound like he this is his
commentary which is fine it's fine he
heard me doing a solo stream I can't say
shit that's true that's true you don't
talk a lot during solo streams hello
let's call them cops yep oh oh my god
jack this is the the best cabin ever
okay talk to him
hey I we've got car keys and a fuse all
right well fine fuck off
while you stick with them that's the
story going on here jack
we're streamers we have to finish the
story we have we have for our viewers
sure we have to hang with these people
we have to hang with dr. David okay
group with the strengthen numbers
strengthen numbers that's what we've
learned wait I thought that was the
place I could go on it same way it was
did I don't think they heard us before
yeah we searched here we found the fuse
and we got car keys they probably muted
us after I made the joke incompetent
what I was I I went to pick up the bear
trap
Oh check I went to pick up the bear trap
I need some medicine no well you know
there's none in here your best bet is to
stick with these people all right so
when we inevitably die yeah because we
stepped in the bear trap
we have the car keys you could pick them
up off our corpse I don't think they're
hearing you try again
it's fine they didn't hear me they
didn't hear me your face okay you know
what I said let's stick with the story
this is a bad story yeah yeah I saw that
coming they're gonna follow me
nope Ondine
baseball bat no good oh I think it's
well if you want a stun Jason it's
probably better than what you have but
slightly I need medicine that is my only
use the radio is anyone there
this is not a break we need your help
Jason is killing us okay we did the time
of Java Scala that's good
better pipe done okay okay all right we
got to keep searching because I need
medicine
I need medicine and I've not heard a
peep from Jason and that's well there's
probably over here these other people
that he's probably hunting right it is
strange except for
yeah we know where you came from
just tell be to look behind you real
quick we're gonna lock them up they can
go through a window
okay oh here we go he's a pan here's a
pan why can't I get the pan okay I can't
get the pan I cannot get the pan I
wanted that pan I need a weapon we can't
have them all that's true
go to the big house I can't I get out of
this one
I need to leave are you too sick to jump
in windows no I think it's cuz it sound
like the second floor or something could
be okay all right there you got this
that's your goal less your goal big
house I guess big house has medicine use
another door okay
okay here we go and we're gonna do this
alright
the bathroom upstairs you might be more
weighted what's in there it's not a
bathroom no yeah no no there you go nice
xxx you're back in the game jack
fuse box battery gasps these are things
we're looking for shoes box
this place looks picked clean
that hurt me
[Music]
that hurt me apparently my Presti what I
have the keys headstart see the map
where are you know we're about to be
killed
oh oh there is so hey this guy one guy
came back yeah Oh use your shotgun ma'am
you shotgun it's hard to aim with that
thing it's hard to aim rich I you know
what I didn't realize I was on the
second story I thought there might be a
balcony I thought I thought the game I
thought the game maybe we would say like
if you jump out of this you might get
hurt
yellow jack I laughed so it was ironic
great you know what great nice yep that
was a nice getting up Jason animation
rich don't hit the T button correct well
so the thing with W right well here's
here's the deal with a t button that I
figured out yeah I can't be moving when
you hit the T button because it'll it
toggles between controller controls and
keyboard control I'm moving and you hit
the T button it doesn't register as you
hitting the tee box and of course their
patrols better came there is no
push-to-talk button on the controller
which is unhurt I mean that's unheard of
that's unheard of
okay oh no and they can't hear me right
cuz I'm dead I want I want to tell him
like I was we should have told him we
were by the big house yeah no this is
this is not the best game ever
I I gotta be honest with you I kind of
like it oh sure it's like it's not the
worst game like I said the thing that
concerns me is whether or not the
community will be there right uh-huh
then use mouse and keyboard all right is
here's another negative you are
completely unable to rebind any of the
keys is that true yes
that's crazy
go just just stick on that fucking bag
the whole time
oh go back in go back and let Jason find
you go back and let Jason find you okay
I oh that's a nice dad
sweet nope he teleported somewhere else
I know how we on the stream okay we
start up we start another match yeah
okay and if we for Jason yeah
good perfect end okay if we're not Jason
find a sleeping bag and we'll just wait
no yeah yeah nice either way either way
we go out with a bang great I'm down
with this plan I think that's a great
plan rich
yeah you can quit this and we'll start
it again what's the other sense
I like watching other sins I would feel
like I feel like that's one of the
that's one of the draws against the game
is like it encourages people to leave
Midway halfway through you know yep
just make sure you don't have the
sleeping bag perk out oh yeah I look at
this
she got caught on a tree what do you do
you gonna run her you gonna hit him with
the pan what are you gonna do run her
hit him with the pan her only option
might be to hit him with the pan I don't
think it's get it to her much good oh
did he teleport away he sure did Oh
uh-huh
why I think he was trying to catch her
mid-run he had her dead to rights look
at that face
nice nice dive capital oh shit oh shit
and he just busted right through that
door
back in the house she's trying to lose
him which is not dumb oh that
teleporting son of a bitch
[Laughter]
stamina build up yeah no she's doing a
ride she's doing a ride she's got a
better weapon looking for the exit now
wait till he starts breaking down the
door so you know where he is no oh
or he decided to go somewhere else or he
decided she was too much trouble
he will tell Jason can teleport whatever
he's not out of cooldown he's got two
things that make him look like he
disappear he's got a a flat-out teleport
where you look at the map yeah I didn't
go like cross the map or you've got the
the evil dead cam which to the player
looks like a teleport oh oh she's Baba
she's gonna be by my mama body she's
gonna be by my body find my body find it
you can do it
two minutes I got two minutes rich I
think they might do it I think they
could pull it off
what they need yep in this game is
something for the dead players to do
what would that be this is one of them
right here yeah oh just guy oh sure oh
no you gotta go outside and find my dead
body
why huh because I have the shit you know
you don't have anything any good at this
point master okay like the wait the wait
for the cops would be longer than the
wait for the game to timeout yeah and
the car keys there's no way she's gonna
fix a car with Jason her ass oh shit
what if we could be like poltergeists
nice serpentine nice serpentine Oh
didn't work what she was being too
predictable yep this game looks like
pure shit so he says what what did you
expect out of a multiplayer Friday the
13th game what did you expect this looks
like about as good a job as they could
have done with this yeah okay so a dead
player can act as a poltergeist okay and
the poltergeists can interact with
certain things in the world no just just
find a different match no yeah yeah yeah
yeah we can uh like we can activate
lights and help help our players give
our players clues on where to go like to
if I see a light flickering right we can
we can maybe there are like traps in the
wood that we as poltergeist can set or
something
Oh what happened to the other guy I
don't know I wonder if she counts us
dead or not we might never know then
people would die just to tell people
what to do
sure sure that would be that would
actually be like a strategy it's like
someone dies to be the poltergeist yeah
yeah okay oh I like that Joe c'mon but
if the poltergeist does interact
it raises fear levels for the character
for all the characters so they act more
erratically or something see it like
there's a wait the problem is is there's
not a lot for why don't you just stop
playing and look for a new match huh why
don't you just stop playing look for a
new match okay try again either Jason or
sleeping bag yeah this is the plan
I'm almost hoping we get the Sleeping
Bear sure sure so all we need to do is
go in a tent right yeah okay go in a
tent and wait for Jason to kill you okay
unless I'm Jason and then I get to be
Jason then we get to be Jason we have a
fun end of the stream great yep
when you plays Jason you're gonna need
the hold-down RB and then one of the
face buttons to activate your powers
yeah okay this is right button is
important and grab is left trigger gram
is very important the grab is left
trigger right trigger is just swing your
axe but any of the gory kills the right
right left trigger is important okay
Ozzy Baxter says quick question on the
last best of the worst what was the blue
stuff Len was drinking also does
everyone bring their own booze for the
show or does our ahem supply it for the
visitors thanks and have a great night
we supply booze some you can bring your
own so something you want yeah yeah just
typically booze here stuff like that
exactly but usually it's a mixture of
both like I know you know like josh is a
big whiskey person he'll usually bring
his own what do you what was that Len
was drinking do you know of something
fancy
it was Len Len is a fancy drinker who
likes his fancy booze they were and it
was a very fancy drink there might still
be some before we before we say to thank
yous I'll go check the kitchen and see
if I can find it okay sleeping bag
straight head that camping fire icon I
see it I see it I see it I see it
nope no tent oh okay that's fine no
we'll just find the next campsite shit
I'm gonna die before you get to know
he's not going after me he's not gonna
go after you
he's literally right behind you yeah
maybe not all right you have a chance of
this still find a map if you Bob you
just check a couple dry shaving their
tiny up yeah just something here I've
got the car battery
case
oh I'm teeth yeah don't move their car
battery in here
it's right here right where we're
standing
and you want to follow her and see how
this plays out
thanks go fubar we can look for a tent I
suppose yeah we have a teammate now
put a trap over here waiter
there
what you stumble every now and then I
think it's related to your level of fear
okay
yeah just follow her see what happens
see what have see what a super man with
magic magic
she phone a phone
yeah hurry she found her oh she found
that thing
get that out what she's got there you
take that you got the better than
nothing
they still know we just found keys we
got keys
alright it sounds fun gasps got it
wait wait wait what's on the ground
there is any think your malya behind
other way by the window by the window by
the other
no that's just just it's nothing never
mind
wait go finally did you find gas no I
heard us say something on the top you
moron
yeah
what the hell was that
I don't know
Oh
we've already been over here though
right yeah don't step in a trap
Lynne there then we got to go we got to
go across to the like across the lake
maybe there's like a boat oh there's a
boat building that might have gas might
bite
I'm putting logic you know there is some
I found like a boat propeller and like
the boathouse once I know gas can't over
here there's Jason
do they see me sure does I hitting with
the wrench go ahead click click right
stick click right stick take a swing at
him maybe he'll fall over right away run
the fuck away run the fucking fuck away
[Music]
fucking is my trap
huh
Oh oh my god the trip worked
you fucking know the trap worked just
getting the house get in the house you
don't love a lot of stamina that's why
you need to get in a house all right
stand still all right now we got to get
out of here
[Music]
he's so onto that huh that's fine
that'll be Andre
[Music]
[Music]
get out now now defeat me defeat him
with the power of Jesus oh if only
ah god damn it let's try and pull up the
subscribers oh I'll start another match
just I will played no that was those you
know you did what you could I tried you
know like but the problem was my
character got too scared and that's why
yeah we ran out of stamina that wasn't
dirt we could fight
there was no tent we could not find a
tent well there was another campsite I
think the other side of the lake
couldn't find a tent yeah and there's
like I've we had car keys and the bear
was a decent chance of escape gonna find
that gas tank that was so worth taking
yeah yeah that was so worth trying
ah girl dear oh you know what I'm gonna
go see if I can find that blue liquor
how about that yeah yeah you do that
Oh God
tenth or Jason tenth or Jason
okay so the mystery of the blue boozy
liquid remains a mystery as whatever it
was either Len drank it all or took it
back home with them yeah I inverted I
know you did I can I can see that shit
oh that might be a tent it's a blue
thing and you know now I'd like one
o'clock that way that could be a 10 all
right is that I just not Jason's cabin
isn't no that's just a cab oh I think
that is that's a tent
yep that's a tent all right we have tent
right
shit my point for stealth now we know
what we're doing here orange or blue
blue that's the one I saw first it's a
nice bright color right next to a tree
perfect all right perfect
we have ten let's let's start reading
names do we have them we can do I subs
on here uh oh well we could but well we
don't want to take I want to leave this
screen right of course we can't do that
of course not give me one moment that we
are actually running dangerously low on
batteries
get the charge Mellotron oh yes we we
couldn't Theory
win no if everyone else manages to kill
Jason we could still win by trying to
die I consider that a draw well it's
still a win yeah Jason could just not
think to look over here and not be
looking this way this is his magic
magical his magic his magic sensing
power should see us right oh here we go
we'll start I thought I heard the
choo-choo I know hey man I thought it
might be happening I approve
oh that Kiki Kiki mom I'm that Jason
unlocks new power he doesn't start with
like the the evil dead thing were ya
there's another one that I've never got
much use it like stealth like if you use
that the music doesn't play when Jason's
near Oh Jason is like a sneak power he's
got he's got powers and when he gets a
new one you hear the key all right -
uh-huh
let's go read we'll see if something
happens oh I know I just like I don't I
don't want to like get into something
else and then it happens rich Isis
that's great you know what
it'll give people a reason to stick
around and watch us read names the other
thing is we have a try Holyoke is it
because it makes a loud noise once you
let go of the catching your pressure
then baby boo-boo Oh tips tips I've been
I've been caught up on those but now we
have Renaissance caveman who says wife
and I are very drunk just watched our
first just watched our new signed copy
of space cop hey awesome liar no it's
funny how our ironic Widow this is gonna
become a thing with you guys now the
ironic thing that's I guess that's fine
I guess that's fine because you know I
was so fucking right okay so we have
purple sweet wait you can look around
right oh not really
Oh someone got that someone got the
police call
or is that just a music change because
you you
buddy Jack it's ironic because it's
being wrong for humor it someone might
need to change exclamation point
irony that sentence doesn't make that
much sense all right
just update that purple space bazooka we
do we do have purple space bazooka for
twenty eight fucking months in a row and
purple space bazooka says hey guys happy
early Memorial Day great to see vanquish
on PC and thank you for everything have
a great weekend thank you well thank you
tomorrow's Memorial Day many people will
be barbecuing and drinking then that is
100% my plan Farscape oh by the way
that's a great hack bot jack is 100%
wrong about Farscape so it's really so
is it really a surprise that he's wrong
about this too cuz that can be used
anytime that's a great hack botton Jack
exclamation point Farscape I approve can
I punch somebody in the chat can I do
that can I just do that punch someone
yeah loner arch on for 33 fucking months
in a row says it's Friday why am I still
here why are you still here I'm trying
to think you know I've seen people
leaving Oh
you're just trying to go to them
God Jason you suck I don't think he's
looking for you I think he's working
about other people right you can't all
right
heavy breathing intensifies let's see
here
typing s heart the dude night Oh
giraffe pussies right there rich is that
Jason is he giraffe pussy wait is that
Jason no no get him back in there get
back in there probably not I doubt you
wouldn't see the thing I can't believe
you accidentally got out of your tent
that could have ruined everything
[Music]
nobody do that for we got the other
thing well I thought we were doing both
oh we could but we can't do the other
thing if we're in the game remember okay
OBS needs to be running that was a big
conversation we had Oh
OBS needs to be fronting for Center so
that's why I wanted to wait that's why
that's why I was stretching this time
I'll lick it still wait yeah right
I'll still wait all right well I had one
last stream oh yeah yeah oh so they've
seen it already some of them have not
everyone was here sure sure
no no this isn't a no BS thing we can
actually win well wait so what happens
the police did walk out when the police
arrived right but but does that mean you
can wait out Jason like our plan was or
down do we have to walk out because the
point we don't have to well you're so
wait out the game might timeout in
general that's nothing to do with the
timer for the police show I got thanks
just five minutes after you call them so
you can sit here we consider for the
full twenty minute match sure Tiberius
Kirk we did set up a macro for obs
that's tied to a keystroke unfortunately
the macro only works if we are currently
if OBS is the active application and so
because we're in the game OBS isn't the
active application so the keystroke
doesn't work you dig the will Meister we
missed your tip hold on I don't think we
did but I will reload the tip of motrin
as we wait do we just have like a shitty
Jason apparently well no I think I think
he's I think the other players were like
doing stefan and were active and so i
think he was like going after the active
players the the best laid plans rich
mice and men they oft go awry my name is
Tate says Kate my subscribe tip was
going to ask if you unlocked any
overwatch anniversary skins yet and who
your new favorite is not if you got any
anniversary Oh late Lee I have
not unlocks any anniversary skins yet I
am dangerously close to just buying some
boxes cuz I really want that Zarya skin
I think it looks super badass the the
sorry her skin looks like an Ironman
outfit with a blue mohawk coming out of
the top so oh wait huh
wait the music's getting louder maybe
this is glitch with the tent that's oh
is it
oh yeah look who's sneaking by raging
fetus that's great that is great um
don't do it jack it's what they want
I know but like I want those skins bad
the Zarya skin is gorgeous the the new
diva skin like the 50s greaser diva skin
is wonderful
and all the new dance emotes you got to
get all the dance emotes those are great
that's great talk on the mic Jason can
hear it it's not true
on a cool on a warm summer's evening on
a train bound for nowhere met up with a
gambler we were both too tired to sleep
yeah we took turns took us you guys he
began to speak you guys I'm good son I
made my life I'm going to bed
you guys don't people's faces don't
don't bother me I'm going to sleep sleep
by the way they held their eyes you
don't mind me saying I could see your
faces taste of your whiskey I'll give
you some pretty oh I gotta go to sleep
in my blue tent now we're we're in the
blue tent Jason Jason
we're in the blue tent if you we just
want to see the cool tent kill if you
can see us Jason if you could I'm
talking while I'm breathing look I'm not
doing its ventriloquist much as I
possibly can to get your attention
oh you know you're a shitty fucking
Jason this is taking you far too long
you can't hear us anymore because he
started pressing the button on the
controller I stopped what I said that no
okay oh that was something this is
getting intense the blue tint the blue
one I think everyone else is dead and
all the spectators are watching you're
very confused we just want you to kill
us in a cool way
for fuck's sake you can get some extra
points for the tent kill the
environmental kill we're right here
we're not gonna fight you blue tent blue
tent
I hear the music goddamnit I know you're
there I think the music might pieces
this is the least tense tension music
I've ever heard
for God's sake we're getting a timeout
here oh wait are you are you just
fucking with us at this point
oh here we go he's just but there we go
huh against the tree
javis return to mommy yeah he was just
off killing everyone else I'm looking
for us in the pen great great whatever
works
all right get us back to the main nail
that's a great end that's a great end
rich alright ok we'll get the forget the
old way this is a different list than
the one I had hold on
hold their horses the exclamation point
subs list is different than like
entirely different yeah I entirely
different let's see here this one starts
with purple space bazooka and purple
space bazooka is not on the torture
unless I'm missing it here mysterious
hmm something's fishy comments about
being stalked by Jason hero so that's
from today yeah I'm trying to see if
these are from today hold on hold on
everyone we want to make sure oh wait
here's Xena trope I saw that their Xena
trope mister toots toots our I'm fangirl
turbo Dangerfield oh wait here's a
thanks for the stream rich and so that
was probably the last one right okay so
it's probably the twat which is correct
okay so okay so and then we'll get over
here just in case we get to use our
special device
so we'll say Ike Inc loozy in Clues II
okay all right LM fangirl whack man V 2
for 18 months in a row says can't
believe it's been over a year already
thanks for all the entertainment I
really appreciate it
Wendy one an ish oh one one one says
when will you guys play Witcher 3 Wild
Hunt Tom Sanders 18 months in a row I
can't we can't keep saying the same
things over over again every stream
okay miss toots Tom Sanders 18 months in
a row which I think I said and you just
didn't hear it oh okay xeno trope for
thirty four fucking months in a row says
Jason in space would be a space on
Voorhees and watch that space Sun
instead of JSON all right mister one for
twenty nine fucking months in a row
visitor one says Deva order them it's
the thing I look forward to the most
honestly thank you very nice loner low
end are says rich loves murder yeah get
it yeah do you love murder Pierre
Meister 2089 for 20 fucking months in a
roses 20 months it's getting pretty
serious so I have to ask will you marry
me
no no aimless Corsairs as they people
making the first film never expected
that probably fell people making the
first film never expected it to be
successful they just wanted to make a
cheap and easy slasher film to make some
cash but it was super super successful
so they made more I believe that that
was that that was the start of the
slasher craze they didn't know they
didn't know there was gonna be the craze
the craze of the of the decade
captain SW ceases thanks for all the
hours of entertainment you're welcome
scorn one two one zero says hey prereq
love your work
thanks for the countless hours of
entertainment are you saving Vanquish
for one Jack arrives or are you
seriously enjoying this hide-and-seek
simulator and I love vanquish yeah
but the hide-and-seek simulator is
really good seek you're actively trying
to do things it's it has potential it
has potential I'd love to see
like I said this would be good with a
mic and with a group you know where you
can really be organized oh yeah yeah
yeah yeah that would be nice
no like I was Jason tonight and this
group got the car going like really
super fucking fast they were all working
together yeah I slaughtered them but I
was doing exceptionally well yeah yeah
yeah no I mean you need a mic like I
said for for me just because I'm a
multiplayer person I'm a multiplayer
player the idea of a group sticking
around for the next round is seems to be
beneficial like a group working together
over and over and so I do want to see
that incentive to keep people from
finding a new game maybe we could try
with the champ sure maybe maybe maybe
we'll come back on Wednesday yeah great
well we're gonna have to oh yeah okay
spambot 8/8 says those QuickTime events
though Magnus PU for 28 fucking months
in a row emblem emblematic cop said we
had it so well was so close dude says
hit him in that time I told decimals for
19 months in a row Steve the ghost says
I'd like to believe the guy who stole my
license plate on Tuesday is currently
being stalked by Jason sure
Starkiller 1 6 3 3 says love the streams
guys keep up the great work
Shamu jingles says tell Mike I said hi
will not do we're probably blown
probably won't honestly with my mom I
mean it's like a 10% chance number one
are you saying like I might be like jabo
Jang know that's you one you just did
Val 5001 a Michelle
seven four thirty three fucking months
in a row since one hundred and sixty
five dollars worth every penny old hand
sauces happy Memorial Day guys I caught
a cold just in time for the long weekend
sad face
congratulations my name is Tate 23
fucking months a neurosis Jack unlock
any anniversary we talked about we
talked about that not yet I'm this close
to buying some boxes yeah we'll see we
will see evil crash nine for thirteen
months in a row the AC says gangster
boogie gangster boogie gangster boogie
gangster boogie gangster boogie nice
fleshy patch for 32 fucking months in a
row and fleshy patch says anthrax is the
best band of the big four fuck all y'all
of them of the metal bands yeah you know
it's alright well maybe Lucas Ducas for
twenty fucking months in a row I just
don't I just don't care
Zak of the axes says three months of
rich Evans talking about Star Trek worth
every penny
some blue guy and champ says oh fuck I
got my resub notification better come up
with something funny before the stream
ends shit thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it it's true
we really do did you um did you know as
far as my way tell me let me get my
fingers on the things and he's alright
alright no I didn't have anything funny
I was just gonna be is this gonna be
about the she she she her her her ma ma
ma ma right
I don't think you hit stop streaming
I'll be honest with you I think I think
we're