Episode 795
Fri-Jay the 13th(Part 2)
July 14, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=agMvDTiigf0
___________________________________________

turning the favor from the other game so
in this game if you get a walkie-talkie
you can talk to everyone no matter how
close later which is why we're hearing
everyone sure okay oh that doesn't
necessarily mean he's telling me it's in
the area doesn't necessarily mean oh
wait there buzz at him you that is him
he's going after two other people oh
nice makes me want to watch Friday the
13th movies all day that's not a bad
thing what there's something a shelf
back there that you missed a machete oh
you didn't see the apparently oh my god
gasps twins this triplets cuz you looked
it like two of those that's weird
they came from this way they were
probably it's probably looted right I
would assume if the door's locked its
looted I'll tell you that right windows
open it's been looted it will climb out
the back shit shit rich attack these
people know what they're doing these
people are on it
that's got the range two by four you
know you can build an eye shed with that
do we have two car keys so it is there
any more to this game like on other
levels is there like goals yeah or is
this it what do you mean like like like
what guess like a story like you have to
accomplish more or is it just surviving
Jason you can you can kill him if you
want to team up but yeah just surviving
okay yeah
well they they did have the according to
rich they have this first person or non
online first person or one single-player
campaign that's just that won't be ready
for like three more months now okay so
just like you can just play Jason you
have to kill all but counselors which
will be AI controlled or you have to
survive Jason or something like that
okay yeah this is basically it I guess
like the actual Friday the 13th movies
it doesn't need to be any more than that
well like I can see it getting old sure
and you know more importantly and this
is something that we talk about with any
online only game especially a
multiplayer game it will only be as good
as the people you play with oh sure yes
and so if it loses its community and you
can't find people at your skill it's
gonna go down real fast right well in
general or right if it's just not
popular anymore shit
battery now this is where we started
there's no battery let's see here
anonymous says you know the thing game
concept you mentioned earlier Space
Station 13 has a moment like that
interesting
oh my even if it plays clunky and looks
like shit Space Station 13 has a thing
it type of game mechanic the keys are on
her body
keys are in this house over here don't
forget because she died with them but I
still have something she dropped gas to
so so what did you just fix lights okay
why'd you want that so fear doesn't go
up as quick okay how much the key is her
body whoo I like that searched yeah
these people are by the way here
Anonymous is rich do you ever use the
second wave option in XCOM enemy within
like random training bigger spread
damage etc also do you watch the
leftovers probably like it yeah
rich is not able to I have not seen the
leftovers I've heard good things but I
have no I shouldn't ah okay I dabble
with some of the second wave options
here and there okay great great
craw goat Ron says thanks for all the
years of quality bullshit particularly
the one with
the Buried plink it was that a hard
production greetings from fucking Norway
which one was buried blanket they time
with the Kill Bill thing we did like an
ad for like we hadn't done a blanket
review in a long time so we did a thing
where it's like he was buried alive Oh
any of them
punch his way out of the coffin like in
Kill Bill yelling - no I mean it was
kind of a pain we had the bills like
coffin and we had dirt on top because we
had to have the dirt come in when she
punched through it I was the cameraman
and I was an awkward angle but I always
am when I'm doing the plank at POV stuff
blanket POV is always kind of a pain in
the ass because my arm gets super tired
we need a secondary cam just to show all
this shit Jay has to do it can be tricky
it is like a like a you know you have to
work as a team like you know Mike's
movements and me trying to match like as
he's talking yeah and I how a head would
move Oh tiny tiny bit of skill to it I
am so fucking useless this round oh yeah
completely fucking useless couldn't find
shit that was useful well I don't think
you're useless I just think everyone
else is yeah better sure sure
but like this is also what I'm talking
about with skill level where it's like
right now you feel useless and that's
not how you want to feel playing this
game or any any multiplayer game and so
it's like because everyone is moving
much faster and smoother than you know
it's more this is just a bad dice roll I
didn't spawn in near any useful items
potato potato maybe oh whoa I always
forget that you can you have to look
behind Oh are you talking to us then you
can still talk when you're dead no you
shouldn't be able to it could be about
to die maybe Jason's right ah are you
gonna die yeah
Plan B is not getting hot with a car
sherry well please you got three minutes
three minutes
oh just take a nap I was checking chat
and then I decided I didn't want to
check chat anymore cuz someone was
spoutin spoutin let's see here someone
bring in the sass smokey b85 says two
things one DLC for this game should be
campfire wood from what hot American
summer I would pay money to play scoop
absolutely no shirt or elizabeth berkley
earned shanks banks shoe berkeley one of
them Elizabeth's the one Elizabeth yes
absolutely
also to fire walk with me helps explain
why Cooper stays in Twin Peaks because
he seems so depressed beforehand oh I
see what you're saying maybe
I'm excited to see new Twin Peaks it's
so fucking good
I'm just so good I don't know if I
believe you cuz you're a big David Lin
first I'm a big David Lynch fan but I am
NOT a fanboy okay that's the thing is I
can look at things objectively alright
if someone a filmmaker that I really
like makes something bad I can
acknowledge that all right but I will
also say if what you want out of New
Twin Peaks is the feeling of old Twin
Peaks you will not get that and I don't
know why you would go in expecting that
well I guess if you're just like a
casual like oh I remember Twin Peaks I
used to watch that I'll watch the new
one and then you watch this new one
you're gonna be like horrified and
possibly bored okay for parts of it it's
more of kind of like everything David
Lynch has ever done like it culminates
with this there's aspects that remind me
of Eraserhead there's aspects that
remind me of Inland Empire in Lost
Highway all these things that he's done
with Twin Peaks characters in it until
you get that well I don't know where
it's going that's the great thing that's
what's exciting about it because episode
4 yeah is is very much in the spirit of
Twin Peaks okay it's a lot more it
tonally it feels a lot like older Twin
Peaks
so that's the that's what's exciting to
me is that like I'm no idea where he's
taking it but it does feel like it's
building towards something and that's
the thing it's not just like complete
nonsense there is a story going on and
it's giving power McLaughlin a lot to do
which is the other great thing about it
well it's like in general I really like
Kyle MacLachlan as an actor this this is
a wonderful showcase of all sorts of
different abilities raghava Lachlan fair
Oh
but yeah like I I have less Oh fun I
have less tolerance for David Lynch
bullshit I couldn't I can appreciate him
as a director champion but yeah I might
I would definitely err on the side of I
usually find very boring
hills and then after that everybody else
was too busy trying to run from him soon
was talking if you got a mute someone
Jason is in his casual where that's true
yeah that's true
well I mean I'm gonna see it eventually
just because I am a big fan of original
Twin Peaks Sharon but I also remember
how it ended so I'm very I'm very
curious to know that this one picks up
after it continues with it absolutely
I'm very excited about that and that's
the thing it's like there's aspects of
it that are really abstract but you do
understand the basic story that's going
on yeah and it's pretty classic stuff
but sort of a good versus evil stuff but
it's it's exciting there's only one
scene so far in the first four episodes
that kind of feels like fanservice
a bit okay and it's in it's pretty minor
but the right but the rest of it is
definitely not like hey look it's the
Double R diner do you like that
Coop's eatin cherry pie remember this
damn fine car yeah none of that and I
wouldn't have expected that like just
because I know David Lynch and like he
would not you would not do this just to
do like a nostalgia trip right he's
clearly had some sort of inspiration and
an idea for what he wants to do and it's
I I'm hooked I think it's so great
you're kind of bringing me back onboard
first you tossed me overboard and now
you've thrown me a life well it starts
off very different like the first two
episodes are the first two parts
whatever wasn't aired is one long
episode originally it's not very little
of it is even in Twin Peaks okay it's
like a globe-trotting adventure Wow it's
like we're in Las Vegas and we're in
South Dakota so it bounces around a lot
and there's some pretty bleak stuff
there's not a lot of humor so it's a bit
of an adjustment but then it's like
slowly easing back in to kind of the
stuff you know and I don't think it'll
ever get completely there or it just
feels like old Twin Peaks I don't think
David Lynch has any interest in though
like I'm not
I'm not such a Twin Peaks fan where I
didn't also enjoy fire walk with me you
know it's like I like fire walk with me
I thought was a really great addendum to
the Twin Peaks it's this new one
definitely has more in common tonally
with fire walk with me than it does the
original ship okay well then I'm okay
with that demo but another reason I it's
just not watching it if you haven't seen
the original show is you will have no
investment in the Cooper character if
you don't know who that character is or
what he's going through you'll you will
be completely lost okay gotcha
because a lot of this is built around
what's happening with Cooper okay you
fucking know what's happening and then
when we get the dougie Jones it's like
some of the funniest stuff David Lynch
has ever done oh man
the saga of dougie Jones oh man just say
his name makes me laugh so much hype so
much hype let's see here anonymous says
hate you fucks I just want to say thanks
for the excellent content all three of
you you may not know just how much your
content means to us but it helped me
through some tough times thank you I
love them thanks for watching
you're welcome kid thanks for watching
it's great just Sofia dysphoria blues is
Jay do you have a movie that has grown
and evolved with you over time an
example is as you've gotten older an
American Werewolf in London has morphed
from a horror into a tale rife with dark
comedy thanks um I would agree about
American where of London ghostbusters
okay I think as a kid I appreciated I
just liked the comedy stuff yeah and
like some of the the creatures and then
when I got older I was like this is a
great story about starting your own
business I can relate to this this is
the last of the petty cash like things
like that right and I appreciated it
more on that level so that's one Oh what
what was she doing way to use that
shotgun
it's weird that he teleports inside the
house he's using the evil dead then you
can't teleport inside I'm sure I've
never seen I've never seen all right now
I'm gonna see J has a beverage inspired
me to go get a beverage I could have
gotten you one I wasn't even thinking
about how selfish you were selfish yes
you know that I'm an adult and I can
move my own damn legs
it is courteous though hey I'm getting a
drink would you like one and I didn't do
that because I don't care oh shit we're
recording even if only the people that
watch these streams knew how much we all
hated each other oh oh oh oh no these
are our friendship is it just a
carefully orchestrated facade to make
money
let's be chasing we gotta be chasing we
gotta be chasing your own stream well if
it's Jason this time you wanna know what
Jack wants it I think yep because he
hasn't played Jason yet yeah so we'll
see if we start where Jason and I'll
switch it over when it gets back
maggot nothing absolutely nothing is
going on waiting for the match to start
wondering who's gonna be Jason oh yeah
that's not even on there we go
hi everybody I'm back Mike's not your
face I remember I'll tell a story well I
uh I had a I had a slightly
uncomfortable fan encounter this
afternoon oh that's the setup
okay not we're not Jason so here's
here's it might be no cuz this is what I
picked wait did I might not have
switched it back back okay so I'm at my
local coffee establishment for a quick
lunch and I had ridden my bike there so
I got my helmet man I'm looking all
sweaty and gross as I look right now you
can't tell cuz I'm not on the camera
right now haha and I ordered my food and
some coffee and I'm waiting for my
coffee to show up at the little counter
and there are two people deadlocked
staring at me no God fucking and like
you kind of know right away like you
people look at you and you're like okay
you know who I am but they're staring at
me as if like I have a big bug on me or
something and so I kind of smile and nod
and then usually they say something and
they did they were both silent they were
nervous jack they were nervous and so I
take a little step closer and I said hey
and there's two there's two dudes one is
sweater and one in a suit this is
important later sweater dude the suit
okay and the sweater dude says oh my god
you're famous and I said no no no not
really like you know and he's like I
talked about this with my friends all
the time about whether I'd ever like
we'd ever run into you because we live
in the same city and I was like I am and
that was sweater guy and then I look
over to suit guys you know cuz there's
two guys there and suit guy has this
look on his face like who the fuck is
this guy he's like wow and and he
clearly does not know who I am okay that
happen where it's one person that knows
you and one who doesn't and it's the
best because the one who knows he was
trying to explain to the one who doesn't
who you are and the one who doesn't know
you could not care less
it's the best and I like the guy with
the suit to frickin car batteries nice
the guy like I don't know if this was a
job interview I don't know if this was
like a date situation I don't know if
these were like two old friends who
hadn't met in a long time I don't know
what their relationship is sure but the
guy with the suit is like who and I was
like oh I I mean I'm in some Internet
videos and the guy's like nah he's like
he is
the show they watch like movies and say
he's and he's two guys like oh so he's
not famous that's what you're saying
Internet videos exactly and so like but
then the sweater guy like wants a
picture with me yeah my wait jackass and
so suit guys like oh yeah I'll take a
picture with you too and so we take a
little picture to get in the suit guys
like buh-bye I guess sir and it was just
like you know cuz I can deal with it if
someone knows who I am and let you know
like the videos I'm it's like okay great
yeah that can be an easy interaction but
him trying to explain who I was to
trying to explain what we do it's like a
worthless endeavor yeah you're just
gonna get met with confused looks
exactly and that that's what it was and
so or that pretending to care like oh
well and that's what I'm saying if he
was on a date or having a job interview
you ruined it for him now I didn't well
I guess you didn't he really did he
could you know he could have just said
hey or whatever he could have been cool
yeah but I mean it was very nice it's
always nice when people like the things
we do it was also a very funny situation
jack is mostly known for his role as
fuck bought 500 no 5000 thousand that's
probably yeah I know I realize both
batteries in the cars okay great
you need keys and need to guess always
do should we tell people you know tell
people no no okay
you're out for yourself you don't want
anyone else to fuck it up for you
I'm mostly known for being a clown
butcher you are correct
you're absolutely correct no and you
know for that for the first time in a
long time this was a we were not near a
liquor store is that usually when you
get notice okay so I have some friends
who live in Minneapolis and every once
in a while at least a cut a few times a
year will go up and visit and spend like
a weekend with them because they're very
good friends of ours and it has happened
now four times somewhere near the exact
same intersection I have been recognized
in Minneapolis in Minneapolis oh it's
weird all at in different businesses
near the same intersection Wow right
what a weird coincidence that's bizarre
there is a giant liquor store right
there
huh so but here was a situation where I
got recognized not near a liquor store
so I'm not you know no there's just that
weird nexus in Minneapolis and it's
really weird it's very strange
yeah it's very very strange but our alum
and drunk people go hand in hand right
and Walter right also cellphone what is
that walkie-talkie okay he's gonna say
that's not accurate well so it's not
era-appropriate giant bald head I am
pretty recognizable yes someone sees me
from afar how many people that also have
shaved heads and glasses do you think
get stops jerk what oh oh oh gasps oh
nope oh wait fire it or distract them so
it doesn't kill your gas friend
said Jason yeah
Jason shouldn't have the ability to talk
that's weird
drop the gas no is it nice yeah good job
Jason go out
don't pour the gas why she put on the
gas right now that's stupid
just drop it by the car Oh No Oh
oh she did it did she oh she did it you
just need the key and you're good to go
oh well now Jason's on to you
nope get distracted nice nice dive
maneuver doors might be open a weapon a
weapon a lot of walkie-talkies Jesus
alright no poker poker poker something
with better knockdown potential but I'll
take it over nothing right
oh my god every drawer has a fucking
walkie-talkie yeah yeah yeah no that's
why I'm shocked you couldn't find one I
just loved that Jason which is outside
that window got chopped Tommy Jarvis hit
the T button anybody has keys four-door
cars ready to go we need keys they
didn't hear you because you're moving if
anybody has keys the four-door cars
ready to go
you can't talk if you're moving it's a
there's no button on the controller for
talking I don't know why and and and
also if you're using the controller it
completely nullifies keyboard input no
and if you're using the keyboard and so
you have to press the T on the keyboard
to talk yeah but then if you use the
controller it nullifies all keyboard
input oh yeah that's very weird it has
it has some issues and there's glitches
that's what people are talking about I
have issues you also cannot rebind
controls on either keyboard or
controller which is generally a pretty
standard practice for any game huh are
you dying
I'm fir I'm afraid afraid Oh is that
there's that afraid mode yeah risk walk
yeah you're coming back you're coming
back bring it back bring it back
somewhere there's probably a body lying
around that's got cheese on it yeah
let's see here anonymous says dear God
watch Tetsu the Iron Man it's the
absolute best hour you can spend staring
at a television screen or don't shred
regardless now I need to watch it I
don't know why I haven't I mean you know
the best way to get us to watch
something just to insist we watch it and
over and over again until we get so sick
of hearing it we want to bash your head
in with a pipe so far that's working
great for Stargate that's the best way
to get us interested in the things that
you are interested in it's true it's I
love being so disgusted I want to throw
up
also as far as bestower staring at a
television have you seen television
shows lately they're pretty great Twin
Peaks right
Fargo season 3 is pretty awesome you
know I watched the first two episodes
yeah and I'm not as into it as I have
been the other season so far you and
McGregor's great it's it's neat seen him
playing two parts but it almost feels
like like they have a formula now and
it's sort of the same stuff you know
it's the first two seasons different
characters but but I don't know I guess
I just shifted around some pieces but
hasn't of the same stuff as it moves on
it's it's finding its own character drew
okay
I like lady cop that has one of the best
running gags of television ever and I
won't say anything more but I like all
the actors on it oh yeah I'm just in
general Fargo is a good show that is yes
television currently handmaidens tail
hand made stay and watch that
new season of kimmy schmitt just got
released oh yeah I watched a few
episodes of that master of none is
phenomenal that the Aziz Ansari a new
season of sense8 is out and these are
these are just Netflix shows like
fucking regular television is great as
well there's just a lot of stuff out
there there is that's part of the
problem do you mean that's oh my god the
problem is as far as if the problem is I
have not seen this one specific thing
that you're asking about right I want to
watch it I want to watch Tetsuo the Iron
Man I just haven't watched it yet cuz I
get distracted by other things why
there's a lot of stuff there's a lot of
stuff and I see that as nothing but a
positive American Gods is supposed to be
really good yeah oh yeah that's the the
guy who did Hannibal right yes did
Hannibal and it's a neil gaiman oh okay
based off of a Neil Gaiman book III know
very little about it but I just saw like
a promo image from it the other day that
had Crispin Glover I was like oh Crispin
Glover is in oh no I gotta watch it it's
supposed to be really good okay oh oh my
god that doors open so Jason - ah nice
thank you Jason oh we need video
recordings of people making all these
grunting noises someone's got to do it
but never not someone got a paycheck for
that oh of course
never not funny jumping through a window
yeah I know Kane Hodder who played Jason
and a number of the movies did like the
motion capture for Jason in this okay
and Tom Savini who did the kills the
special effects for part one in part
four I think he helped come up with the
kill ideas for this game which is neat
and he designed the the hell Jason yeah
there's there's a bit of a there's a bit
of a controversy with the hell Jason
which apparently it's it's part of it
was part of like this Kickstarter reward
or it was for sale for very limited
amount
oh yeah rich was tell me about that yeah
and for people who don't know in the
chat people are selling off the codes Oh
to this to other people so like they
bought the code when it was available
and now it's no longer available and
they're selling it off and some people
are getting banned or yelled at or no
apparently it's against whatever Terms
of Service or something which oh no why
is it so dark now I think rich was in
fear yeah is there a Jason X I hope
there's a Jason X that that outfit is
now I know I know
I would love to play as Jason axe with
it with a chrome ass
so great it's so stupid it's great and
you know it oh yeah what I know she's
Minnie Mouse great Anonymous's Wow Jay
is here should really take advantage of
this to ask super pertinent questions
rich if you watch Star Trek the animated
series if so is it worth watching is it
written by a lot of people same people
who wrote the show how long after the
show did the cartoon come out almost of
this show is 75 okay maybe a little bit
earlier I can't I can't help so you know
about round a decade hmm all right maybe
a little bit earlier than that even the
animation was crap right like that was
really for the time it's a standard it's
a standard TV animation cheap animation
right it's fine mm-hmm yep like this is
okay nicely
doreen honestly it's it's like the show
but in some ways because they don't have
to build giant sets they could do more
yeah sure
and they're not so good a giant like bug
spaceship thing they put that on the
original series the cartoon didn't last
long though did it I'm guessing uh no
like one season no that's it there's
like a second episode like some of it
was smart the second episode we're like
young spot was his dog died his space
dog died perfect perfect
all right just an emotional episode
whoa-oh-oh-oh this is the hacker they
were talking about oh I'm not gonna wait
for them to finish hacking we're just
good at work bullshit bullshit is how
that works
just doing some of the glitch oh that's
nice lame that is lame
Jace is tired and sad because you've
seen all three what film do you think
was hurt the most
with reshoots here's your three options
okay Suicide Squad fan to four stick
rogue one and four stick I think that
was hurt the most by reshoots there's
well it's hard we don't know what was
reshot for the most part we don't know
everything that was reshot we can
speculate yeah but we don't know for
sure
fan four stick it's more obvious what
was reshot yeah because kate mara has an
obvious wig and the movies just like
kind of a mess so we're what do we know
for sure that what the movie would have
been like without the reshoots oh I
don't I mean as far I guess the question
is which is the worst movie of those
three because we don't know for sure
what was reshot and what was it suzanne
fans for stick is the worst
did you see fan for stick yeah you think
Suicide Squad is worse yes
fan fan fan 2 for stick is kind of lame
incomprehensible and like every time
they go into almost like body horror
movie well that's the interesting stuff
right but it doesn't fit with the rest
of the stuff no I'd be curious to know
what the original version that movie was
supposed to be but there are reports
because you know people like to say like
oh the movie got fucked over by the
studio and reshoots but there are
reports that Josh Trank's original
vision was worse yes
so who knows those are the reports that
I have heard it's like it was way worse
probably never know but I think it's the
worst of those three I mean your iguana
isn't even terrible it's just not very
good right Suicide Squad is kind of a
mess but at least like I don't know it's
a big mess sure there's aspects of it
that I kind of liked yeah I don't know
rogue one is the best of those three I
can say that much is sure sure I think
people think we hate road one because we
make fun of it so much but we just make
fun of it cuz it's fun no that obviously
means it's the worst movie you've ever
seen that absolutely way worse than
things pretty boring it's just boring
that's its biggest problem is that it's
just not interesting right right
I think I think suicides go I had a lot
more problems I think the Suicide Squad
is one of the most fun movies to watch
because its problems are so obvious that
it can be it's a learning experience you
can watch and go oh this is exactly what
went wrong yeah it's almost as if
someone was making a thesis film about
mistakes you can make as a filmmaker and
fan for stick is like tonally really
unbalanced yeah but you kind of know
what's happening day to day and again it
makes sense it has one of the weakest
endings depending how another dimension
and there he is there's the bad guy all
right everybody do something I guess
we're working together now or whatever
what's he doing what's the bad guy doing
we don't know great that part though and
when Doctor Doom wakes up in the hall
and he's walking down the hallway and
he's like making heads explode yeah
feels like something out of another
movie but it's kind of Awesome well like
that I'm thinking of the the weird josh
trank like on the operating table not
being able to control
oh yeah yeah those those aspects are
interesting yeah weird they're probably
not appropriate for a Fantastic Four
movie but a bingo but super bingo yeah
you get all the bingos just good thing
who came out unscathed their Creed
what was that act what Michael B Jordan
Michael B Jordan well he's fine in the
movie oh no I'm just saying like that
could have been a like a big stain on
his career yeah but he got he broke free
yes which is very nice cuz he's that
Gary who's that a Gary guy manly nice
Frank D Marine tomorrow you know these
must kick start oh oh there's Pamela
Lori's ex great what's Michael B Jordan
doing now he's playing one of the bad
guys in the Black Panther movie so it
was Creed what a fuckin Creed I don't
know if they'll ever making a sequel to
Creed I know there's talk about that oh
yeah I think I don't think it's really
come to anything yet so like he's made
his way up to Marvel like good the good
Marvel movies now so he's fine
yeah he's fine he's a good actor Kree I
mean I am completely biased when it
comes to all Rocky movies but Kree was
so fucking good yeah yep I love every
single Rocky movie for very different
reason
v being the weakest a lot of people just
flat-out dislike v I don't hate it
that's yeah yes that's the one with like
the Don King looking guy but I still I
stood that ending you can't take them
you can't take them this is the street
fighting hip hop music
yeah yeah Inc yeah Krieg made a lot of
money so I can only assume after they're
done making black panther because the
director of creed went on to is dubai
panther yeah well I don't know I I don't
know it who knows
I think Stallone at one point was saying
that he would not be back to direct
another Creed movie oh it would be
somebody else I think it you know what
they just don't have to make it that's
true that's true it might be fine they
don't have to do it and see like that's
a situation that's really tough because
like I'm sure a lot of people heard the
premise to Creed and go and rolled their
eyes yeah saying you don't need to make
this which they didn't it just turned
out really well
right wasn't that even more so with uh
with Rocky Balboa which is what the
whole movie is about is him wanting to
do this comeback thing and everyone
being like no like that's laughable and
that's the making of that movie yeah is
the same thing that's that's what I like
about the rocky series is they all kind
of reflect where Stallone was very on
his career at that point yeah yeah I I
have such a soft spot for those movies
oh god fuck man I don't give a shit
about boxing either
right that's the thing is like you don't
have to know but just like still you
know and those first movies just like
knowing that like Stallone Rotem knowing
that like that's just what he was doing
at the time just scraping by box and
fighting people
he sold his dog right at one point he
was so poor he had to sell his dog and
then when Quinn Rocky was a big hit he
bought the dog back that's a wonderful
story gorgeous what a gorgeous mr.
Stallone had to sell his dog huh yes
I've not heard that's the story right
well yeah who knows oh man oh the the
inventor of the training montage yes
something that every filmmaker takes
advantage of now did not exist before
rocky I think the first movie to use the
Steadicam
I think shiny shiny is early eighties
Rocky's late 70s oh there was another
thing similar called the Panna Glide
that was used on like Halloween
and night what year was rocky Halloween
was 78 but there's a thing called the
panic light but that wasn't the
Steadicam it was like a different a
different design okay um I think people
can correct me but I think rocky might
have been the first one to use the
Steadicam and 76 they're saying 76 okay
yeah and uh fun facts the location
manager for rocky the person who is
responsible for deciding to do the
famous steps you know up to the museum
of course the person who like had that
idea and secured the steps and
everything Lloyd Kaufman head of Troma
director of the toxic avenger it was the
location manager for that movie he's in
it too is like a bum you seem very very
briefly as like a like a passed-out bum
that rocky carries into the bar oh man
great locations everywhere mm-hmm I've
always wanted to visit Philadelphia just
because I want to see all the locations
from the movie never been there what
that's the second person who's headed
like an echo II mic hmm
what's going on with people's mics okay
they're saying Bound for Glory was the
first Steadicam movie okay I am not
having any luck finding items rocky has
some significance because you know
that's what you're telling me when I
couldn't find stuff walkie-talkies I
passed by yeah we're gonna die anyway we
don't use it oh they're saying rocky was
the third Steadicam movie okay interest
is that the first one to use it as
extensively or something I feel like
there's some significance to its use of
the study could it could have been the
biggest one me yeah maybe
cuz there's a lot of Steadicam stuff
like the first successful movie with
first one the people have seen huh no
offense to Bound for Glory button no
that's the yeah cough smear not welcome
hi in Friday the 13th you killed Jason
that's kind of true it can be he's
trying to talk to Jason
you know what that'd be an interesting
tactic trying to talk Jason down cuz it
happens in Jason axe the guy's like it's
okay he just wants this machete back
that'd be an interesting tactic in this
game trying to mess with the player to
be like oh hey hey wait wait wait casein
we're doing this special exploit you
want to help us you want to help and try
to get in his head a little bit and then
you know like don't kill us and we can
do this special exploit and it's a it's
a hidden achievement you want to do that
geez yeah okay so here's what you need
to do turn around and I'm gonna get on
your head then everyone else yes Friday
the 13th diplomacy dlc you can't find
anything to help me escape I got two
fucking meds sprays whoopty fucking do
blue did it like it did all the other
survivors grab everything and drop them
in the middle of the woods i only an
idiot would fall for that sure but it
might work
don't underestimate the power of the
idiot there's a lot of them topical
political comments
all right let's see here judge
open open that that one uh dr. D what up
says hey guys I recently rewatched the
original spider-man trilogy yeah I
forgot how much wonderful Sam Raimi
weirdness there is in them yeah
especially that third one that everyone
hates I don't I don't hate that third
one it's not a good spider-man movie but
there's some great Sam Raimi stuff in it
sure but it's it's a mess
oh yeah it's it I mean there's too many
storylines and there's lots of problems
with it yeah but one of people's biggest
problems is the the the emo Peter Parker
the dancing Peter Parker I think that's
hilarious
cuz that's Peter Parker's idea of cool
it's cool right that's what makes it
funny give a sense it's like I never I
never hated that um but I mean obviously
it's got a lot of problems - oh sure no
completely like retconning Uncle Ben's
death oh yeah with Sandman like the
inclusion of venom at all the Sam Raimi
didn't want that that was the studio oh
so many problems well yeah I mean it's
no spider-man tubes
I know spider-man twos the starters the
best and like that that entire Doc Ock
horror sequence I love it my kids watch
that and all day she wanted the old n2z
when when doctor octopus's are like came
to life instead of murdering people both
of my boys were like a chainsaw oh great
you know one of the doctors isn't that
seen John Landis oh really
yep John Landis had a cameo was a doctor
in dark man also directed by Sam Raimi
and so he brought him back to play
another doctor and Spyder had to for no
reason - maybe that was to link to the
universe and so yeah the dark man exists
in the same universe as spider-man
sure why not alright so we need to look
for corpses mm-hmm
I need to find keys we desperately need
to find keys have you heard the rumor
now that they that Sony is going ahead
with a venom movie oh yeah what tom
hardy Hardy it's weird
I mean tomorrow's a good actor sure I
like Tom Hardy but just like venom
starring Tom Hardy and it's like what is
venom
without a spider-man he's like a villain
right well of course it well they might
antihero actually they might go like oh
wait that might have been a pocket knife
on the floor over there
no was it oh wow Jack Wow how did you
see that you're welcome I saw the trap I
saw no pocket knife there we go got
eagle eyes me that's look was that Jason
one of one of the one of Venom's things
is he he wants to be a humor no but he
feels like he can only be a hero if he
gets rid of spider-man hmm so but this
venom movie will not have spider and
this is the we're pretty fuckin boned
I read an article the other day there
was something that showed up on Amazon I
know there was a pre-order or if it was
actually available to buy it was the
spider-man 3 editors cut and then it was
like quickly pulled from Amazon I don't
know what that was about I'd be curious
to see an alternate cut I don't know
what you could do the next or Uihlein
wise like there's not much you can
change that was a very strange thing I
saw that I saw that very same thing it
popped up for like a half a day yeah and
then it was just gone
yeah weird oh it's still coming out
they're saying I'm curious to see it I
really don't know what you could change
to make the movie make sense and have
the movie still make sense was any more
coherent right yeah
can you can you get rid of that old
movie it's so nonsensical is when they
it's getting close to the third act and
they realize that they have two villains
but don't know each other have no
connection and they have no way to get
them together so it's just like a shot
of an ally and there's like a silhouette
of Sandman and then silhouette of venom
like hey you want to team up okay it's
like a like a five second scene it's
really arable do you mean wonderful
this am i genuinely like from that movie
is that initial Sandman congealing
sequence oh yeah where it starts like on
an individual grain of sand and who
builds the whole man oh that's a
beautiful if they did focus on just sand
man as a villain and does and then like
Harry Osborn has amnesia so they could
like push off everything they set up in
spider-man 2 for the longest time
what's the echo going on enough they're
really there's a really great I want to
say it's a Peter Parker spider-man
collection all about Sandman
The Sandman uh-oh Oh was he there while
he was like bleeding through the door oh
oh that's right yet if I can gather drug
there's a Peter Parker series about
Sandman where in an earlier fight to
stop the Sandman Peter Parker tossed him
into the ocean dissipate Ellison yeah
and then different aspects of the
Sandman's personality congeal together
as different people and we're all trying
to find spider-man to like help each
other or something it was a really great
storyline huh like you know I want I
think it's it's either Peter Parker
spider-man or I want to say it's Peter
Parker spider-man it was just a one-off
one-off like four or five issues said
Jason no that must be Jason which I kind
of love this version of Jason come on I
think I want to kill you a but you know
like Sandman's feminine side was just
this like beautiful woman and like
there's a little kid Sam
and they were all reaching out to
spider-man for help and then you know
the big and was like like the anger side
of the Sandman which was just this
horrible sand monster it was great great
little story
Sandman can be an interesting character
not necessarily Thomas Haden Church well
he's fine in the part was there any
resolution to the whole thing with his
daughter I don't even remember cuz like
he was everything he was doing he was
just doing to help his daughter and then
at the end of the movie he's like a
venom I'm just gonna team up with you to
kill spider-man for no reason well but
then at the end and he helps he ask for
forgiveness or something and then he
goes off and no he just kind of goes off
he's like I buy and he goes off into a
sand thing right no I think I think yeah
that that Spider Man gives him
forgiveness for being for turning evil
and he's like okay bye and then he
dissipates in the sand or something is
that what happened I can't even remember
it's dumb it's dumb it was absolutely
why can't you run for the bridge in this
game that's yeah everyone just runs out
and leaves the game when it starts oh
that's great game play you can only run
out if you call the cops first cuz yes
of course if there was just an exit that
you could go to this run to the exit
everyone would go to the exit as would
Jason and it would be a really boring
game so before you do that you need to
get a fuse put it in the fuse box then
find the phone and call the police then
wait five minutes for the police to come
spider-man 3
I remember getting into this argument
something or someone right after the
Amazing Spiderman came out spider-man 3
is a better film than the amazing
spider-man yeah even with all its
problems sure it is a more cohesive
story than either of the amazing
spider-man movies definitely more than
the second one that second one is one of
the worst recent comic movies
thanks Jason you did a pun for him
that's wonderful no oh oh there's still
one left
I still Tommy oh he's only got 30
seconds he might make it what he said
hang around before shoving the back of
my head onto a coat rack that oh there
you are thanks for coming out it would
be a completely different movie if we
just inserted that guy into the Friday
the 13th films hey everybody let's give
it up to dead in three dead in three
excellent jason excellent jason you win
he gave him Freddy puns right he's still
like mumbling to himself somebody else
want to play here what's the play around
right there thank you knock your socks
off Congrats dead in three that was fine
fine work let's see here anonymous says
J I look I took your advice and watched
roar with Senora took a drink every time
the Lions knocked into a character hard
enough to make them stop talking so you
were drunk pretty quickly gained with
five people what's second oh yeah
spider-man movies are not accurate to
the comics spider-man shows remorse and
stops the criminals I don't write
spider-man shows remorse and stops the
criminals so the movies are not accurate
to the comics he does that in the movies
and I'm assuming he does in the comics
he shows no remorse in the movies oh she
shows no remorse or the comics like yeah
I don't think that sentence makes
since I actually think Sam Sam Raimi's
version of spider-man are pretty darn
accurate besides the web shooters are
pretty darn accurate to the early comics
Hokies shove away the far fuck up there
the Hokies shot very high up there but
that's Sam Raimi though yeah that's
that's his mentality
let's see your did see says this makes
me think you guys would have really
loved left for dead in his heyday I
played this shit out of left for dead or
dead what does that have in common with
this like literally nothing
there's cooperative play there's
cooperative play it's it's a game that
is also some type of video game game on
video horror themes in cooperative play
it has graphics it does have graphics I
know I played the shit out of left 4
dead I love love for dead I was actually
just talking about this earlier where a
problem I had with left 4 dead was I had
a group that I played with all the time
yeah and our synergy became so great
that it became a little too easy for us
yeah you know we we knew the routes we
we knew our roles on the team knocked me
right out you supposed to go to window
I'm going hey remember there's bear
traps just just a heads right people lay
bear traps left for dead is a
multiplayer horror game where people
play people only play as monsters in the
versus mode in the campaign there's no
buddy playing as mums oh god is he here
Arnie I don't see him on your map at all
the answer your question yes yes he's
sort of somewhere nearby damn it I also
don't jump out these windows up here cuz
you'll get hurt okay the second-story
window I don't know you'll die but you
probably will shortly after that yep
okay downstairs go out the front door ah
god damn it you can do it you can do it
I know I know I know hey Jay is getting
more and more confident with these
controls every time he plays it's great
whoa letting up huh
that's a smart move then at least one of
you survives yes Jay did close the
fucking door so that was a good job Jay
yes I learned from the best
97 jackal says Father's Day it's a Troma
film heard of it yes I love Father's Day
literally features of character called
father fucker yep the plot of the movie
is there's a maniac on the loose that
goes around and rapes fathers and then
the last act of the movie takes place in
hell you know I don't they're saying
they're wondering if it's the best of
the worst contender no it's too good
also Troma kind of just all of Troma
doesn't count because if it's bad they
kind of do that on purpose
yeah it's Roma's too like self-aware
yeah um and and kind of silly and in
some cases too good yeah Troma good yeah
so what gets a pass for all the best of
the worst some of them obviously pick up
maybe cuz they distribute a lot of
movies to okay for the ones that they
make like in house no not at all
do you need a new poker coz there's
another poker there I don't need no
pokers well you got one so you need at
least one you wouldn't have grabbed it
yeah me fucking hypocrite
X is rich painting a backdrop for a
little webseries did you use regular old
matte clear coat to reduce the glare
from the lights on the old prereq
background pieces or was it something
specific like I just use flat paint
yeah just regular flat yeah Matt yeah
yeah yep yep
regular old paint and then you know you
just then you got to talk to your
lighting guy or if you're the lighting
guy you just have to light it so it
doesn't clear break hand with a cross on
it I expect it to be like some kind of
aerosolized holy water mmm we sprayed
for Dracula you know anti Dracula spray
that there's actually strong Christian
theming that's actually it's just uh
it's liquefied praying and so you pray
your wounds away and it works Lucas
Ducas says hey guys I've never seen
commando or Conan the Barbarian which
should I watch tonight for some bloody
fun if you're just looking for fun
commando yeah yeah Conan's a better
movie but commando is one of the
funniest fucking action movies you will
ever see sometimes intentional sometimes
not I've never seen it until like 10
years ago
Oh for whatever reason it was on cable
all the time growing up but for a reason
I had never seen it and it used to be on
Netflix maybe not 10 years ago but 6 7 8
years ago at least sure it was on
Netflix and so I watched it I never seen
it growing up I was like this movie is
brilliant yeah everyone saw that growing
everybody saw that and for whatever
reason I never had seen it say if you're
looking for funny commando if you're
looking for just genuinely good you
watch Conan mankind's a good movie Conan
has a fun movie
I hope someone who's already in here I
didn't get that it's in that drawer they
might have closed it I hate when people
close thanks oh you got a hold down
eight oh yeah
I got it there we go yeah first so first
watch Conan Conan then watch Conan the
Destroyer then watch Red Sonja come on
in
sucks but then you want to read Sonya
and it sucks even worse I've never seen
Red Sonja that's pretty bad
Roseanne's sister is in it as an evil
witch Laurie Metcalf yeah really
mm-hmm that's weird that if that's the
actress who played Rosanna sister it is
yeah
she's the evil witch okay that's bizarre
yeah it's great I don't believe you
no I mean it's not good it's not good
but it's great I should put it back on
random character yeah I'm sick of this
pity yeah yeah I want I want meat flaps
I want dark meat that's that's my
nickname for she's she's good at
stuffing this one oh she doesn't make
much noise when she moves her for that
gotcha
so for actual like tactical reasons not
superficial right looking at but digital
butt cheeks right like I like I'm
interested no those flaps flaps is a
good character yeah CT t14 ID says hey
guys long time lurker first time tipper
jack have you played mamasa or odin
sphere both are amazing both on the Vita
highly suggest them Salwa ro bong what
right
no I flight neither sorry sorry I've
been I've been really been re Isaac on
the switch which I've been really doing
oh oh hi yeah it's good give me your gun
no give me give me give me I'm trying
you try and kill her if you really want
to do Jay no no right don't move don't
move
pull T we do not have a key no key Oh
nice teamwork everyone it is weird when
you doppelganger comes in yeah yeah it's
very weird
Jason is there the car watch out nice am
i you are is the car cars behind you
it's the blue thing behind you okay
beautiful boom
he's in Jason's in the sunken place
Tiger dance and says what are the odds
the sequel to alien covenant will
involve a crew discovering the abandoned
covenant ship and discovering a creepy
David has fuckin what are the odds
you're gonna watch the sequel to alien
covenant that's the question didn't I
think why it's not doing well alien
covenant it dropped 70% its second
second week out it is not very well well
I I would I'm not even sure if there
will be any more also what were the big
ones last weekend Baywatch is bombing
may watch his mom and Pirates is bombing
is that bombing - yeah I didn't even
really pay attention really everything's
bombing Wow not a good summer no well
you know idea don't make cramp dad you
know what this means
no I mean with all of these films
bombing yeah that means within the next
seven years every film that has ever
produced will be a Marvel movie you're
Marvel or Star Wars they'll be the only
two things you can ever watch and
struggling DC movies that they just keep
trying
well they find Jason the Shaq oh go on
the Shaq yes you did or somewhere else
it's not that well find the shack door
find the shack door get that you find
the shadow I want that juicy Shaq me did
you when you get out of here leave
quickly
once you put the sweater on I believe
Jason gets a notification that a Shaq
has been entered oh really
Oh Oh you just found the mom oh yeah
what's up mom put it on nice okay get
the ax now get the fuck out get the fuck
out he's probably too busy with
something else but get GTFO cuz he can
teleport nope Locke where am I there we
go I don't even know how a parent Lee if
you press the Y button the Y is that
yellow one at the top there don't do it
now no wait so you're around Jason
you'll waste I don't want to worry you
waste that you can only use it once okay
no so like in seven years the only
movies in movie theaters will be either
Marvel or Star Wars but we'll have
amazing movies on Netflix and Hulu and
Starz and Showtime that's the thing
right there's plenty great stuff out
there you need to find people to hang
around I think you're on the wrong way
to go back with the Shaq dammit
head head towards those arrows oh yeah
the silver arrow Jason could be damaged
enough that he loses his mask okay we
get Tommy Jarvis involved okay
these are this is one of the ingredients
you need to kill Jason that's true a
female a female worker you know why on
the sweatshirt yeah yes Jack did turn
invisible I I'm I'm currently taking I'm
drinking an anti invisibility potion
that I hope works but I just ran out of
anti invisibility potion I might have to
go get some more J do you need any anti
invisibility potion I do if I'm gonna
take on Jason okay well I'll get you
some anti invisibility diet coke I will
get you
I'm sorry visibility potion alright what
should I be doing at this point fine
people
Oh people have already escaped with a
car Oh
just know I don't like that hey you
don't want that it's a branch yeah I
know you need Tom I don't think it's
gonna happen
the highly alike oh yeah Tommy Jarvis
probably isn't here is he well hit those
hit that button he's in there I don't
know if he's still around
mm-hmm he's been called
I don't know if Jack read this for her
hats mochi b85 say it's me mochi I
showed aliens to my family sister hadn't
seen it and mom hadn't seen it for a
long time but the movie still kills him
everything from the facehugger scene was
so intense for them
thank you it's one of the aliens is one
of my favorite movies ever right you're
an aliens person yep yeah and I'm fine
with aliens but man that alien
I love alien right just such a good
movie I was just reading a little bit of
the original screenplay
for alien oh really yeah there was like
an internet threat about how the script
was specifically written gender-neutral
mm-hmm for all the characters so anyone
could play anyone and so it just was
happenstance that Sigourney Weaver
played Ripley sure what hasn't been
rated oh yeah yeah it was for a female
role so I thought that was interesting
and you know they had the original
script online I was reading a little bit
now it's like it's so funny how little
there is to the script you know how much
the how much the the you know Giger's
visuals really made it also special oh
sure it's just like an octopus monster
comes out of a jar you're like oh that's
so much more than that
nice oh you have two now two of those
nice two first aids and a knife which
means you get a get-out-of-jail-free
card
how do I use my knife if I need it
uh when he grabs you hit the green
button okay yeah
the William Meister says do you guys
think the upcoming mummy movie will have
any redeeming qualities I'm slightly
curious about it since I love the
classic universal monster movies but
this dark universe looks lazy you know
bad I don't want to utilize the sweater
yet right I don't wanna be like don't
worry just don't worry about it
I don't this is gonna be no kill yeah
he's not even damaged you know like the
mast isn't gone is it off right my
Jarvis's just do your best to survive
just leave me alone dude yes for the
mummy bear oh yeah if I hear a fan of
the old universal monster movies that
should make you even more hesitant about
this right sexy babe mummy that's what
we're god that's what we got right now
man Wolfman film someone recently uh
yeah with Benicio del Toro that well
that was a while ago now was a while ago
that was like six seven years ago yeah
yeah it was Jack Nicholson's wolf I've
never seen that I I've seen it I don't
remember anything of it him and Michelle
Pfeiffer right up shit yeah the Joker
and Catwoman together yeah if I could
sigh harder about the prospect of any
memory I don't use the sweater why if
you don't have to dumb oh yeah
well only if you're about to get killed
you got that you got the knife yet yeah
is me right behind you no no idea
well he's around here somewhere right
oh yeah breaking windows stop for a
better stamina
it might be on the other side of you
maybe I should've done that a little bit
away from the window that's all right
that's all right you're fine come here
my first day blue button all right keep
going
nice hammer
no hammer caps is really enjoying the
string they're always great when you
guys are having fun
Jay what are your thoughts on Hitcher
I've only seen the remake but Sean Bean
made me root for the killer I've never
seen The Hitcher the original Arthur
I've seen the original I like the
original I've never seen it
I think the remake was one of those
platinum dooms and movies that's a
michael platinum doing this michael
bay's production company yes bill sorry
look oh god damn it what are we anyway I
try to write sure to write your own shit
I'm in the wrong one
god damn it is it there unbuttoned oh
you broke free yeah fuck you Jason oh
you don't have your accident yet was it
right into the woods yep well now I'm
useless
pretty much bill will heck asses hey
guys I know you're not getting many tips
I expect you to read this immediately
since I'm a VIP viewer absolutely bill
but if you read this tip within the next
two minutes I'll donate 1 million
dollars kay bye Oh bill you know damn it
Oh oh my God look at your hair I'm done
for Oh excellent effort
you got the sweater I got the sweater
which is kind of cool we've never gotten
the sweater yet so that was great I just
accidentally stumbled across the yellow
the Shack yeah shadow elite thises is
there a way you guys can increase the
rate of change you read the tips per
minute yes that would be appreciated by
the way space comp is a great
masterpiece film I sleep with it every
night before bed okay so the answer to
this tip is yes next tip go hey guys hey, Jay.
People are saying Wonder Woman is
actually good yes that's the word you
will have to go to work with Mike now
that's also Jack Richard Jay please
consider arachnophobia for review oh oh
that's a movie I haven't seen in forever
that's it that was that was huge back in
I remember there was a lot I saw a lot
of ads for it there was like TV ads all
the time for it kind of forgotten but
not a bad horror comedy
I'd have to rewatch it I haven't seen in
so I remember liking it I think I think
that was everyone's general consensus
and then everybody forgot about it yeah
weird I just remembered that Ivor I
remember the punchline at the end is
they move out of the barn yeah to get
away from the spiders the farm right and
they moved to California to get away
from the spiders and they go well at
least we don't have to worry about
spiders anymore there's like an
earthquake
yeah I had not thought about that in
probably 20 years I think I saw in the
theater who was afraid of spiders was
literally hiding under the seat in the
theater at the end of the photo god if
you're if you're especially if you're
afraid of spiders had some classic you
know aerosol can with the lighter
moments if I remember correctly I don't
remember that I don't know I remember
John Goodman is the exterminator
yes but wonder woman yeah
keep hearing good things I keep hearing
more so I don't hear good things I hear
all the people who are really pissed
because the critics say hey this movies
pretty good unlike the other DC movies
and they say you shouldn't mention the
other DC movies it's like can we just
forget about those Ryan just just talk
about one rule don't talk about the
other DC movies it's part of DC no of
course for this year yeah I've heard
days and things I'm except I tried to
talk Lisa my wife into seeing it with me
we had a we had a bit of a free morning
on Tuesday and I said hey hey let's go
see Wonder Woman let's go see a movie
and she goes yesterday Tuesday wasn't
out yet didn't come out on Monday no
comes out this weekend
oh I thought it came out on Monday so
you would've been able to see it anyway
well then it's a good thing she said no
she's like I just don't care and I said
I kind of do because I think that's the
biggest hurdle the movie we'll have to
get past is the fact that people are so
sick of the DC movies now right it's
gonna it might be hurting its some
people interested like and that's the
only reason I am interested is because
like it's a DC movie that you know
doesn't involve Zack Snyder and has been
getting decent reviews I think Zack
Snyder was like a co-writer or maybe
story personally yeah he was a story
person and he produced it okay but he's
not the director and so I think right
you know my weight today we can all my
shit hey sweatsuit let's have a talk I'm
just gonna follow you know fuck you I'm
gone you're bugging me
J your indecisiveness fuck leave me
alone look at this drawer I would have
follow you fired said says which film
franchises prequels fucked up their
continuity go away lady I'm going this
way anyways the question you know what I
think it's a fine answer to the question
lady which Combs franchise prequels
fucked up there can't know any more
alien Star Wars or x-men x-men x-men it
was was first class bad no first class
wasn't bad what the hell is this
what's the prequel to fuck things up
well it won't say that movies after
first class we're now we've got like
multiple timelines especially Age of
Apocalypse just Apocalypse those are
prequels yeah oh wait what the question
is about prequels yes
Oh Age of Apocalypse is a prequel hey
it's that Age of Apocalypse well it's
just called apocalypse it's just x-men
apocalypse apocalypse is a prequel to
the x-men movies alright alright I I
don't watch these things well it's it's
a prequel to the original movies but a
sequel to first class right but first
class was also a prequel to the original
yes yes yeah their prequels and they
fucked up the timelines super hard
hey wait wait wait hit the don't touch
anything hit the team we've got keys
we've got keys follow that woman with
the battery has the battery one of those
two dots outside had the battery other
way
dammit her follow pinky doctor okay and
take me to a car we don't have a map
file scan both of these people holy shit
we're good to go let's go we don't have
a map we will follow you to any car
don't hit buttons no car we need a car
everyone's just standing here do you
have a map sure hit the start button did
you find one you do yeah we do have
matter alright just we gotta follow them
just take it easy and follow them
they're your best shot of winning Oh
even this lady she's all bugging me all
game tracksuit know what I don't say it
that's it what it's not a spoiler okay
if they find a car yeah I'll get the car
running yeah if they do this
successfully Jay has the keys he's got a
drive he perfect perfect Jay you're
gonna have to drive a car I don't know
I've been drinking many the Vera King
this is how many donations do you need
to get Mike to play Star Trek bridge
blue and VR okay I'll have people asking
about that huh Oh our Twitter both both
prereqs Twitter feed and my personal
Twitter feed is amok with that and I
cannot say this hard enough never gonna
happen is that officially out yeah yeah
I think it just came out like we don't
really care about VR we don't have a VR
device and Mike doesn't come to streams
uh-huh there are three
what do you fuckers doing
why are we understanding don't worry
about it just keep following them I
think they're following me because
nobody knows where to go all right just
go your map
oh shit okay you're close go straight
just keep going straight go straight to
that car is it yellow no I'll go to the
other going right a little bit
yeah it's follow that road what color go
right no no the same way straight there
straight follow that road follow that
road it'll take you to a car okay that's
gonna be the blue car there it is
do you see the blue on your map oh yeah
yeah yeah that's the car you have to go
to the other one
they're not gonna help oh shit yeah this
is the to see no they're gonna do it
anyway alright well you'll be yeah you
have the keys you'll be fine can I get
in the car like what are they things
they need wait wait don't move
do we want do we want it do we want to
find the four-seater alright let's go to
the other car don't put the gas in the
dip with the gessen there I put the
guessing son of a bitch okay battery
someone has a battery yeah well fine
fuck it you you have the keys you'll be
good but the battery in stupid someone
has it right let's see look it's too
late we already put the gas in we may as
well get the battery in this car too
people can get out idiots I feel like I
should go hide or something right I'm
just standing here wait around
oh no she's better you and battery girl
getting out heck yeah she's on the short
charts there you go she's coming with me
oh hey girl did you put it in but the
battery in yep
there we go how do I get in though which
yeah yet which is done and then they'll
be a little be the egg button it'll be
the green one
okay come on stupid she's probably
trying to do it before anyone else
leaves the house where the fuck is Jason
who cares
chasing busy chasing somebody else
that's none of your concern right
dysphoria blue says hey guys get your
shit together battery girl I love what
you have all you all have accomplished
with our ulema thank you for all your
humor and work oh you didn't get in and
do the thing what do I do now hey hey
just hold a just hold a and then the
right trigger is gonna be gas left
trigger is gonna be reverse right
trigger right the swing button okay
trigger like a gun like a gun other
trigger other trigger other trigger oh
right trigger deer steers I mean what
the fuck is happening what is happening
you hit a tree
you have to steer a car this is amazing
if I hit with a car pushes me side more
exciting if I knew what any of the
buttons didn't I used him correct oh
that was exciting that was exciting for
us you were so close how do you use all
the buttons properly
so out of there right here two days ago
that was I was still very exciting
highlight drunk driving J okay I'm on it
dysphoria blues hey guys I love what you
all have accomplished with rlm thank you
for all you know she's getting in my car
good oh he's through me hey all your
humor and work you are very talented and
I am proud to be a subscriber on patreon
and twitch have a good night thank you
dysphoria blues thank you very much oh
oh nice oh I love the way the bodies
just flail right that's great
J frisk chooses J do you feel that Twin
Peaks is no more like cosmic horror like
Lovecraft or Stephen King now probably
should have read that I didn't know it
was gonna be you know more so than the
original series it always had those
elements oh come oh this this is the
second person I was falling for the same
bit this car is cursed
yeah oh they had a pocketknife though
don't get back okay don't get back in
the car thank you
no no it was the second part of it also
do you read the Escape from New York
comic books that bridge the gap between
New York and LA no I didn't know that
was even a thing that exists think you'd
be interested I would read that yeah I
like Snake Plissken gm2 megatron's hey
Jack hey rich I know point and clicks my
favorite but if either of you gonna
played TNG a final unity and if so how
you like it I felt it was pretty fun and
true to the series tone I have not
played that one hmm I think it's a point
and click
TNG point-and-click that's what
sounds like yeah I have not played that
one some boob guide chances Jack yep as
an overwatch player yeah what do you
think of Forbes proving it practically
impossible to get all the new skins
without buying loot boxes are you
willing to pay just for the chance to
get them yes here's why here's here's
why I am willing to pay for loot boxes I
actually did break down and buy some
loot boxes and I got the new diva skin
yes and I got this area skin which I
wanted and I was able to justify the
purchase of I know Jake cares no I'm
just laughing cuz I just went to another
my body still there I was able to
justify the purpose because of the sheer
number of hours that I've put into the
game was how much was the purchase oh I
bought the $10 they charge for that game
in the first place now they're doing
this kind of micro transaction yeah
that's how they're making money they
make money when they solve the game this
is Ronnie this is how they continue to
make money and they and they also give
us a ton of new free content new maps
are coming out characters are coming out
and with the sheer amount of hours that
I play this game hundreds of hours I'm
okay giving them a little bit of money
here in there and you know and and the
thing is you don't need to buy any of
these things it's all cosmetic it's just
skins right I felt like buying it
because I wanted them and I was able to
justify the purchase but it doesn't
change the game for you at all if you
don't buy them so well I'm fine I'm fine
with it
mostly because I got the skins if I was
medic so it's not the worst thing ever
that's them you're not buying the gun
that does more damage you're not buying
maps that you can't play otherwise it's
just your character looks different
here's my question I got a great sunyata
skin - yes our guys got some great skins
is I ready to skip this - just go like
get to a nice game we just quit yeah you
don't have to stick around you get extra
like experience for
for staying but you just go to leave
match okay yeah yeah just go right to
another one
all right so overwatch there they charge
you for the game 60 bucks 60 bucks for
now they charge you for this stuff yeah
what did Team Fortress 2 do wrong that
they got sir planted by something that's
charging money to do the same thing they
didn't do anything wrong they were just
around longer it just wasn't the new
hotness Team Fortress 2 did it almost
the same thing where you could buy you
know quote-unquote loot boxes but they
weren't actually free to play you know
which which was a huge boon to the
community and it's it was just a
question of time when did Team Fortress
2 come on 2006 like it was just an age
thing that game had been around forever
now this is they're selling like here's
what annoys me about this you're selling
a crate and not the actual items you
want right that's horseshit right that
is complete fucking horseshit yes and
even from a salesman standpoint if they
knew exactly what people were buying
they could tailor their next products to
what people were buying but the loot
boxes also mean that people are buying
more loot boxes that's a system designed
to exploit stupid people yes but smart
people know that you don't need any of
that
so for $60 you get the full game you get
all of the future DLCs you get all of
the future expansions can you buy an a
skin or whatever you want off of another
player yeah
Jack just admitted he's not smart people
I was eight like I said I was able to
justify my purchase the people who don't
have as much time in the game as me
might not be able to justify their
purpose but it's worth it for me got a
badass I got that badass Robo Zarya skin
with her cool mohawk hanging out the top
man and as azaria main that's what I was
hoping for
I need the cool new Zarya skin the cool
greaser diva skin awesome Justin bour he
says fuck I finally catch stream with J
and I'm late
hey Jay have you ever read the Freddy
vs. Jason versus ash comic that came out
around 2008 or so I was gone fun read
and I recommend checking it out what is
happening to that body and whatever so
Jason's in the house with you yeah I'm
gonna get out okay great no I have not
read that comic I'm aware of it but I've
never read it great Han Christ Crist I
guess no no that's Christ hey guys have
you seen Ken Russell's The Devil's it's
like a psychedelic fever dream with
possessed nuns and witch hunters I have
not watched it yet there was a movie
that was completely it's owned by I
think like Warner Brothers and they've
never made it available in the US on
home video since VHS but um but it's
never been released on DVD or blu-ray it
was a very like controversial movie very
like sacrilegious movie
oh but the streaming service shutter
somehow recently got it and so it's on
shudder oh and that's a service that I
have so eventually I need to watch it
but I have not yet that Ken Russell's a
weirdo you can also buy the skins with
gold like like 24 karat they only take
like doubloons
they don't take dollar bills they're
zingy
goldware sometimes you'll open a loupe
box and if you get a duplicate skin or
you'll just get gold drops and so
alright hold that you can get in the
game as well but it's all
microtransaction bullshit yep but it's
all it none of it changes the game and
that's the important part
Zac of the axes what horror movies would
you recommend for someone who loved
Hellraiser and Evil Dead also definitely
place space station 13 it is like Star
Trek meets the thing meets alien and
glorious 2d Dead Alive oh that's a fun
I'm talking to Evil Dead water - how do
you do undead Alive's are good okay
their lives gonna feel like he will let
do definitely no one's no one just
watches Evil Dead one even ones mine
even led to is where it's at though
everyone watches Evil Dead one after
they've already seen evil did I just
read watched Hellraiser 1 & 2 not too
long ago how do they hold up they are
quality movies great I would say
Nightbreed if you haven't seen it oh
look at this find the boat Oh find the
boat yes but do you gun down but you
know oh wait you have a Mac guy anyway
mm yeah I have met alright
oh okay so do you see earth above on the
map so it's like turn basically turn
around like on at the top of the map as
a bone okay
yes see that and somebody else needs gas
or you need to find gas but the boats
gonna need gas unless somebody already
put gas in it which I don't know how
likely that is behind you and on the map
yeah directly behind you what's behind
me the boat where the boat is Oh
side of that house just keep going north
oh right a little bit right to stop no
look at this straight yeah there you go
that's it now you're gonna find yourself
a boat there
the spot yeah you're gonna get so wet
Johnny's no Byron and like that I
thought it was done no you were you were
you did right but J made a face and so I
wanted to mention the phaser okay you
were right to move on because that was a
weird coming no I'm just tearing away
some yeah yeah Johnny sonnet says hello
Baumann it's good to see you old friend
I need to be debriefed by you I need to
be debriefed by you seriously though
thanks for all the fun content guys
great watches chooses you guys are great
question for Jay have you seen UFO
abduction 1989 it's also called the
McPherson tape and one of the earliest
found footage movies the news thought it
was real in the 90s Oh what am I
supposed to do here right bumper ok not
the trigger the bumper is the one in
front of the trigger yeah no god damn it
yeah hold it down is he be more keep
going huh I did hold it down I gotta
hold that down while holding the whole
circle you gotta go through the whole
snow I understand that um you have to
hold down a now left bumper it's right
god damn it let me see that now I'm
gonna do it okay so lb is left with left
bumper but it's lb and RB they go RV lb
lb lb you can't drive a car but I could
do that it's gonna be great when you
have to drive the boat
I hope we get on the boat oh come on get
by oh I want to find some gas
the gay oh there's a cabin there guess
you might have some yessing you know the
doors open someone's already been in
there probably but maybe they didn't
find the key is no I think I killed him
left the gas there that's true
no no sausage eh what's it like having
such a stylish beard Jack what's it like
having such a ball the head Wow rich
what's it like having a 12-inch penis
nice dark stop films the last J stream
was on the kick off of my area 48 hour
film challenge what was your favorite
and least favorite thing about doing 48
hour films favorite thing is when it was
done oh wait you you came from that
direction
turn around yeah oh yeah if if you don't
know 48 hour film challenge is the thing
where you you draw a genre out of a hat
and then you need to complete a film how
long does it have to be under seven or
eight minutes under straight yeah you
pull a genre a character and an object
yes a prop and those all have to be in
your movie to see you can't cheat yes a
guaranteed ask me a phone and whatnot
it's a guarantee that you write until
you you're supposed to write the script
make it edit it all within 48 hours
Oh what was that noise I don't know
take this Jason leaving I'm not sure
the the 48 hour film festival is a
really great thing but when you also
just make shit all the time like every
day is a 48 hour film yeah that's kind
of why we lost interest in doing it or
like we do this every day like and every
day is like a struggle to get out shit
as soon as possible and so the added
pressure of 48 hours doesn't really mean
a lot yes like in the age of Internet
creation 48 hour film festival doesn't
mean a whole lot but you know what it's
still a lot of fun it's it's fun it's a
fun excuse to make something if you are
looking for an excuse to make something
I highly recommend it I know oh right oh
you saw that that was creepy that's
creepy and like it he was in the doorway
house cool where's the other car at
maybe somebody dropped gas by the other
car that's way the fuck yeah I'm pretty
far from the car yeah check that house
is the house - yeah the one you're
heading to Yeah right I haven't been in
there yet but it's a lot of fun we we
came up with a big with a big hurdle for
the great space gym as there were too
many people involved in the writing
process yes that was that movies problem
I should probably close the door close
the fucking door you know everyone has
an idea and it's and by the way like
writing is really fun because you don't
have to worry about making anything oh
shit oh god is he here yeah he's here
fuck well he destroyed a generator in
the area not necessarily own house oh
well go back in time yeah
oh I thought he was at the house he's
close he's close enough for the
generator to be nearby up here we go
shit he's there he's there
I only got the ad not that one do you
know oh you got a pocketknife so he's a
good run away yeah plus he just swings
his axe at you
it's almost possibility that's true so
for the Great Space Jam writing is such
a fun time because you don't have to
worry about the constraints of making
anything you can just come up with fun
ideas and there were a lot of us there
and everyone had a fun idea
yep it was really fun to like riff off
of each other yeah we could do this but
it just was like endless there's like
what about this oh but then that leads
to something else really something else
and so it was finally like it's getting
late we're just gonna do the last idea
that we came up yes and that's what I
was so if you ever find yourself in a 48
hour film situation I recommend
assigning roles this person Damona is
almost gone don't turn that on no this
person is the writer this person is the
director this person is the actor yeah
assigned roles it'll make things go a
lot smoother yes Justin Voorhees is what
are your thoughts on Wonder Woman a DC
movie finally getting good reviews did
they finally get their shit together
Justice League get the shit train back
on track yes No well no matter how good
Wonder Woman is and I haven't seen it
yet but if it's really good that's great
but then you still got Justice League
looming over and you know what like a
storm cloud no matter what Joss Whedon
does in the in the reshoots and editing
it's not going to get rid of Zack
Snyder's style yes and that's gonna be
the big problem and you know what even
like Wonder Woman or wait T J stop
moving if you have gas we got a
propeller on this boat
you know gas screw you oh shit shit
Ronnie Ronnie Michael after her run
maybe he's going out there so and even
like the good reviews I'm hearing about
Wonder Woman is comparing it to like
some of the lesser Marvel movies or it's
like oh it's competent its competent and
it has kind of a weak third act like
early Marvel oh my god like every Marvel
movie oh well that's good the right
basically like every other DC movie has
has tripped over shoelaces after hitting
the ball and Wonder Woman got to second
base we're like hey Wonder Woman
stop moving build your stamina whoo
shotgun that would be great for getting
away if you can hit them you can do it J
I believe in you drive me to the door
aim at the door how many second he comes
out the door you know he's stopping at
the door how do you know it
are you just saying yes okay oh oh you
got lucky oh you went after someone else
no rotten tomatoes is not just the
percentage of critics that like to film
like Rotten Tomatoes is an aggregator of
critics and user generated reviews a
movie here's the thing you got to
realize about Rotten Tomatoes a a movie
with a rotten tomato score 100% yeah
could have 100% reviews that are all 60%
yes every of every individual review
could be like whose fine it's fine
it was fine it was fine it was 93
percent on Rotten Tomatoes yeah it's an
aggregator that's how it works
it's a percentage of reviews that scored
over 60%
interesting I guess I've never really
thought about the math of rotten
tomatoes tonight oh she's running I
should probably run too
that's that's probably a really good
idea I'm running faster than you Oh
maybe he'll go for her this is not
looking good no no they're saying
barbershop three case in point there was
a third barbershop movie it apparently
has a really good Rotten Tomatoes score
and that's probably why yeah exactly
right and you know like it's it's just
an aggregator it's true it's just a
collection of people's thoughts it
doesn't necessarily mean you will like
the movie or not bluster drugs I'm not
gonna read that because it sounds like a
twin peak spoiler you're not talking
about thank you but we appreciate your
typical pocket knife pocket knife get
that in there
what are you pressing no they go there
you go Oh whatever you check on my lost
property you drop your weapon when you
get grabbed oh that sucks you can pick
it up after use like stabbed in the neck
right I'd rather run away that's that's
the choice you really that's you're so
fucked
yeah now shit he's coming back you're
the only one laughing am I the only one
left
you get props J you're the sole survivor
here all right oh god damn it so sad we
didn't get to go on a boat adventure uh
you found that propeller I found it are
you done I'm done if anyone else yeah
I'll give it one more I'll give it one
more go
one ten thirty I don't know it's ten
thirty I want to give it one more go
maybe I'll get lucky and B Jason Jason
if not we'll do the same thing we did
last stream and I'll get in a tent and
wait for Jason to kill me in the tent
the off switch says in rogue one oh good
why didn't the are the Vedic use the
Force to grab the plans out of the
rebels hands he was in the same corridor
was he just overjoyed that he got to use
his laser sword he might fucking fan
wake yeah he might die for me for me he
might not have known they had the plans
he might have just enjoyed killing
people I don't know who cares who cares
not Captain Picard's check out this 18
second clip of start no I am God says hi
guys fantastic do you think dad stand Oh
Leona Sh dr. doom would dr. doom movie
stand alone no there's no there's no
standalone ish dr. doom movie would be
the franchise's best yet you could share
the two sides of the coin he's evil but
solves hunger etc I don't know enough
about dr. doom you can possibly make an
interesting dr. doom movie sure some
mood points you make a good Fantastic
Four movie right that's the thing yeah
once Doctor Doom is established as a
villain you could make a really
interesting because you know doctor
dooms like a leader of his own country
he's the kind of a dictator but it could
be a matter of Fame like Fantastic Four
is dumb
Fantastic Four is so fucking dumb and
dated oh no I like a fantastic I know
you hate them that's your own personal
bias there haven't done a good movie
that and that's true but like overall
Fantastic Four is hokey what did you
think of guardians of the galaxy before
was another I had no thoughts they say
nobody really thought about guardians of
the galaxy before and it was also hope
are you Jason gotten going back a tip I
know I asked for the way to convince me
to watch Stargate was through clips and
I skipped over that tip oh that was
called humor they brought up Stargate
again so the guy move on to the next one
real quick I know is not the time for me
to be checking out a clip though but I
see that I'll keep it in mind
darn sad says Jack I'm Jack have you
were rich seen Logan yet it's on iTunes
etc oh yeah and I do know that it is on
iTunes I have not had a museum Logan I'm
just not an x-men fan I don't have to be
I'm not an XML fan probably see it
sooner or later it's just a really great
movie not a rush I I am an expert fan
and I haven't seen it yet but I will I
will okay and no promises I recently saw
the trailer for Tommy Wiseau's best
friends oh yeah was a little concerned
when the first thing you see is a meme
but then it seemed to turn genuine your
thoughts
Tommy's self-aware haven't seen it I
don't think it's out yet I have no
interest in it I'm over Tommy Wiseau I'm
more interested in seeing the disaster
artist adaptation I think it's called
the masterpiece now if you use this
teleport you can see like the hotspots
and where they might be yeah
bow car phones an important one more
importantly there are people here I
thought they were here use your sense
look around you just misjudged right you
got it you got it you played you I don't
need to help you you've played games
before Jay frisk tus is Jay would you
say to Twin Peaks is I went and I read
the one I must have lost my spot or they
tipped twice
they tip twice because it's taking me so
long to get caught up with tips Oh God
yeah yeah nobody just we're just we're
just backed up I'm sorry lost in
technicolor says hey you guys it's not
alien covenant you guys were right who
cares
damn it every time Walter David
interacted too I was super interesting
that was the good stuff in the movie
Fassbender is fantastic wish he had more
to work with I wish that that whole
storyline was not in an alien movie
tired and sad says, Jay, have you heard
Marc Maron's interview with a Walter
Hill it's excellent
no I haven't I don't have to look that
up right budget Messiah says til Dan
O'Bannon author of the original alien
suffered from Crohn's disease an
inflammatory autoimmune condition that
affects the ball and it inspired the
chestburster in his screenplay yeah I've
heard I heard Crohn's is really bad yeah
Craig a nation says hey guys did any of
you see the movie colossal it's an
interesting take on the kaiju cage ooh
big hi June
big Japanese monster genre and directed
by the guy that did time crimes which is
also a great movie LOL arrow my Kevin
Bacon I don't think that is that movie
out I didn't think it was out yet Anne
Hathaway's in it I'm curious I want to
see it but I don't think it's an out and
it might be in limited theaters right
now but it's not on VOD or anything as
far as I know unless it just was added
recently but no I haven't seen it but I
want to Michael Cote CA says hey Jack J
and rich
thanks for the endless hours of
entertainment as always never got to
give a shout-out to J but thank you for
all the fun videos and like keep up the
good work you fucks hey thank you Frisco
Jones says hi J girlfriend and I finally
caught society over the holiday break we
will never be the same
anyone just says I watch society because
of you it just makes me laugh yes
shudder is the best $5 a month I've ever
spent
yeah shudders wonderful there's lots of
good stuff on there Dubey sandwiches
welcome Jay back in the episode 1 review
play cat aka Mike mentioned charmeuse
Lynch and Gilliam amongst exceptional
directors you and Mike sheriff favorite
directors or did he mention yours um
that was so long ago I don't remember I
think he asked me to give him a list of
directors yeah and you just and I just
yeah so I listed those people off some
of them were like ones that you know
that he had written down and then others
like you know Lynch and I think John
Waters is mentioned and so those are on
the list that I gave him from what I
remember
to be fair the matchmaking has my rank
in mind yeah so I'm handling my own yeah
g-shot says hi
I watched the rogue 1 commentary laugh
so hard at the story of Canadian Jim six
year old and the Duracell commercial yes
look like an eye at the end J hope
you're enjoying Twin Peaks
seems like pure Lin Chi and weirdness
it's the best I'm loving it
I think the small circles are our knives
you can pick up ether knives but right
with down on the d-pad you can set a
trap you only have three like if you put
a trap outside a window and they go out
the window they'll they'll get snared
that means they call the police
mr. ball says hey guys two questions
tonight tonight first when doing a
commentary track is it more fun if the
movie is good or bad if you guys enjoy
Lovecraft and if so what are your
favorite stories
thanks I think we just have to have
interesting things to say about the
movie more so than it being good or bad
yeah yeah even if it's a good movie we
might go on some weird tangent that
starts making a salt lay out so you
never know but I have not read much of
Lovecraft's where I can really comment
I've seen adaptations of Lovecraft stuff
but they actually reading Lovecraft I'm
not I think you're way over shooting
them I know my the map my ability to
judge a map is not this is your first
time as Jason and it's harder to play as
Jason that it was yeah yeah I feel very
directionless well someone's in there oh
there we go Jack is not so terrible at
killing teenagers I'm at like level 21
in this game and this is like the
seventh match Jack Jack has ever played
the first is Jason I don't know its
stock mode does the music that plays
when you get close to somebody yeah
doesn't play oh so they don't know
you're near yes okay
watches - says you guys were busy fixing
the stupid boat last time Jay have you
seen Macpherson tape very early funk
we eventually read it
JS around shockingly we get a large
number of letting fly Kaczynski see the
movies that made me cry this year the
Lego Batman movies Logan and guardians -
and now Wonder Woman's getting good
reviews I guess we all have to look
forward to superhero movies in the
theater yes or just make good movies
tired sad says J or maybe rich is there
a movie on half in the bag that you've
grown to like more after giving it a
negative review I haven't been on that
many so there's not many opportunities
for me to do this you haven't grown more
affectionate towards amazing spider-man
- no I have not um no definitely not one
that I've given a negative review
there's been somewhere I've given it a
positive review but it's sort of like a
mad positive and I've grown to like it
more over time like it follows I love it
follows but no nothing I've given a
negative review that I've changed my
mind on what has a weapon get up Jason
there's people upstairs I think and
they'll be relatively trapped
garum the noise things were looks high
that doesn't lock
BAM
oh yeah you go fast in the water right
for some weird reason this Jason I know
in particular is supposed to have fast
water they have different stats that
know you missed him alright when they
turn red you can do it oh no son of a
bitch
I should have just kept hacking at him
there really shouldn't be all that blood
spurting not a Jason at this point there
is this is zombie Jason you hit him
enough while he's weak any odds are he
does not have a second pocket knife he's
gonna be they run around on this tree
just pick a side that you're faster than
him right now
get him in the water nah he's telling me
to grab him Oh son of a bitch why can't
I get him there we go now he was
taunting me to grab him which meant that
he did have another pocketknife this
Jason is really hard to play as I
oh really do the different jason's acts
differently yep ah oh shit
Jason three might be the best apart
three Jason whoa yeah yeah
I'm fond of its six-six isn't bad to
play us they're all going towards the
cops you know they think they're being
sneaky which way the cops from where you
are where I was Dan where's your ma'am
no ma'am no oh you missed them we've got
you Nikki
it's six faster I think six has a better
shift this shift doesn't appear to last
very long
goddamn it you're so slow
jason-3 actually has a jogging speed oh
yeah yeah oh he's he's unbearably slow
which I get it is like that's the point
but I think Jason in part three does run
a little bit at certain points in the
movie I think the end of the movies your
unknown around it probably they probably
tweak them based on how the Jason acted
in that movie yes which is great like I
like the attention to detail on this
they're taunting you the fucking
taunting you Jay want you to get shot by
the cops
well there's still one left Jack my
first time when I played is Jason yeah I
killed literally nobody literally nobody
all right I got one kill spell I'll take
that
hello oh I'm sorry I'm sorry
okay caught on a fence that doesn't
count I got caught on a fence oh they
all got away maybe someone bit me
because I'm still here I guess the game
still going yeah
who's left shadow elite five cents I
have a prediction that Justice League
movie will flock so bad probably said
flock people will flock to the theater
for it maybe movies with a bunch of
heroes supposed to have a balance
structure this movie will not always
enjoy your stream the Avengers did it
alright you know yeah it will seem like
the original x-men movies it's hard to
say with this Justice League it's still
pretty far out so well I just have no
faith in DC their movies that's the
issue not not that it's a team movie
well it's not DC so much is just that
Zack Snyder right like this one or on
movies getting good reviews how do I
track them down that's not the place you
wanted to do it fucking Tommy Jarvis
fucking Tommy Jarvis
but that machete seems to really suck
right Wow better machete nope well you
plays the different Jason that has a
different weapon right where do you
going Tommy do you not know about the
cops hey he just wants to kill you say
this I think he's fuckin with you I
think he's just purely being a dirtbag
oh hello in the water I may roam cuz I
fast why can you move fast in the water
that's weird gameplay balance reasons ok
Jason slow wood gives him some way to
get around mhm well this does - I just
want all Evil Dead vision
tired and sad since avatar 2 bombs well
Cameron stick with finishing his 9 other
avatar sequels work on something
interesting I think the problem is that
at least a couple of them he's filming
at the same time right like I think 2 in
at least 2 & 3 he's filming together and
then 4 will be like a year later with
that why haven't they done it once
kiss Cameron's a weirdo perfectionist I
don't know
I think he mists his window because
nobody cares about avatar anymore wait
wait
rage bow just hit aim just hit a WoW yet
you get more Jason gets more powerful as
the game goes on
ah once that that icon in the top left
is red yeah we could just walk through
doors with a oh that's great
yep you know what I was trying to bait
him out of a different window because
he's still back there apparently oh
there's a radio place I was trying to
get I you set a trap by a window in that
house and I was hoping to kind of get
him to go out the window and into my
trap hmm using some leaf strats
apparently still in this house you just
don't let me kill him
well I killed - Lisa killed someone fine
fine stream I'm gonna I'm gonna go hide
in a tent oh sure yeah yeah
you killed seven more people than
Freddie did and Freddy vs. Jason Freddie
kills one person in Freddy vs. Jason
really yeah Jason kills all the rest oh
that was the whole story though cuz he
wanted to be back into a position where
he could right thing right you know was
it you I've never met a dream was he
killed him what he's like in reality he
killed someone in the dream I'm trying
to remember who he kills did they do
like a creative nightmare style deaths
just a head
oh yeah it's it's there's the guy in the
bathroom and Freddy makes like these
weird eel creatures come out of the
floor and like attach to his legs and
then he sets him on fire but then it
gets to that point where he's using
Jason to kill people so they get more
scared and then I guess that point where
Fred he's about to kill people and then
Jason kills him and then he gets jealous
yeah the Jason's killing people it's
everything you could want in a Freddy
vs. Jason movie actually hope or not
Jason
oh I already picked somebody a shit oh
you know what
cuz I'm the girl that's good it's all
shadows right I'll just have to restart
how does have to restart
oh she's bad for doing me if I want to
unless we're Jason again oh okay then
I'll just play it fuck why not sure why
not
nope nope all right we're gonna restart
just to get somebody who shit no go down
one more Jesus now what does that do to
the other people that are playing if you
just leave the game there's more my
survivor you just disappear I I think
you leave a corpse behind but I'm not
sure okay
I'm a tubby guy
so now you're just heading straight for
the I'm gonna find a tent and we're just
gonna hang out Oh God all right all
right
congratulations depress the pressure was
building but I was Jason you were Jason
and there's no pausing right there's no
pausing in games like this we're gonna
wait the tent this you just want to get
the subs in here
uh well much like well with the sub to
see if this match even starts with three
oh my god how awful
we are Reed evil we already saw a tenth
kill oh did we yeah did you see J saw
the 10th kill oh oh yeah that was like
an advanced stream at the beginning and
remember we can't we can't see the
subscribers until unless we see it on
that we can't do our fun thing unless we
see it on that computer alright yeah no
but you're Jason oh and you have an axe
your axe Jason this is part three Jason
oh well now you have to play Jason yes
absolutely so take it did you catch up
on tip what a horrible circumstance to
be Jason nobody around there's nobody in
this game oh that's right it's just like
three pieces three people mr. Jason
Jason come on his neck is weird well
yeah he's Jason he's he's he's a mutant
right he was born deformed that was the
whole that was the whole point that's
the whole thing yeah picked on at camp
although the timeline really doesn't
make any sense
no in what way uh well he is picked on
at camp and then he drowns because the
counselors aren't paying attention to
him right off like fuckin or something X
yes yeah
and so's mom comes back because he
drowned and died and she you know exalts
her revenge
but then at the very end of the movie
tiny Jason even though this was like 20
years ago that this happened the may the
the survivor girl from the first movie
she's out in the boat she's killed
Jason's mom then Jason that age Jason
jumps out of the water and pulls her
under and it's like oh was it a dream
and if it wasn't a dream he's still out
there and then in the second movie he's
full-grown Jason
apparently he survived drowning but he
lived in a shack in the woods why did he
never make any attempts to find his mom
well have you ever saw very good Mel
Gibson movie Forever Young no that will
answer all your questions so basically
what what the idea is is that if you get
into some sort of cryostasis like extra
cold stasis you will come out of that
stasis the same age as you went in but
then due to cellular rapid degeneration
you will actually aged at an exponential
rate
but it's revealed in the second movie
that he's been living in a shack in the
woods for years well but what you're not
what you what you failed to keep in mind
here is that the lake is probably cold
right so he was in the lake for a long
time which held him in a cryostasis
state then he rapidly aged and lived in
a shack but boom did it uh-huh but but
why did he never make any attempt to
reconnect with his mom because he was at
the bottom of the lake first he couldn't
he couldn't because he was at the bomb
but no he he was living in a shack while
his mom was killing people in the first
movie though they they overlap oh well
oh so maybe he went after he got on the
lake because of the cryostasis yes he
was a kid and he went to the shack but
his mom was busy killing people so he
just thought his mom left him so he went
back in the lake just happened on the
counselor and then back to the shack it
was a whole it was a whole thing okay it
makes perfect sense I
understand now Jack's powers are real
yes is that the planet forever young hey
well I you know what I might be getting
the name wrong but I think that's the
planet forever young I know it fits the
Mel Gibson movie I know you're talking
about he was like a pilot yeah yeah and
then he would I got this written by JJ
Abrams who directed I can't believe
there is a connection there that was
amazing holy fuck today amazing well we
can't top that
no no that's the end right there yeah
holy crap
Wow I I need people to know that I was
not like checking IMDB for Friday the
13th references I just remember seeing
Forever Young holy crap I do have
superpowers apparently you know they've
been like 13 Friday the 13th movies sure
but how many of them are connected to
for every level up to apparently well it
also requires like I could have looked
at the IMDB for Forever Young and not
even like painting attention to the
director but I'm aware of who Steve
miner is most people wouldn't because
he's not like a famous director
know-it-all so like my whole like rant
about cryostasis and Forever Young
nothing to it was just a joke about
Friday the 13th so meeting to
foreveryoung in the first place should
not have happened
it's amazing that was pretty incredible
it's amazing and and I feel really good
about that all right here we go
here we go everybody this is the point
of the stream in which we thank all the
people who have subscribed to us during
this very stream much like Captain jerk
who says three months old and I get a
Jace dream thanks guys for the quality
entertainment looking forward to the e3
discussion I'm sure you guys are too oh
yeah when's e3 grave focus so rich Jack
Jo in carbonite thanks great star
Horrible's for twenty four fucking
months in a row i last 1984 slash s for
twenty four fucking months in a row dis
d 87 for twenty fucking months in a row
my rom says three is a magical number
what's so magic about losing money keep
it going to keep it going to magnificent
heck frauds VAR yar 77 for 16 months in
a row far er 77 says sweet 16 new hack
frauds keep up the wonderful work please
Fresno Bob says I finally get to resub
when J is on the stream possibly the
only person who will get my username
reference I did get it before you even
mentioned that it was a reference to
anything what is it
Fresno Bob it's a Escape from New York
reference oh yes that's uh it was an old
acquaintance of Snake Plissken was
Fresno bob was taken thirty two fucking
months in her own way colas for 32
fucking months in a row the off switch
for 17 months in a row
oh I can't use arrow oh no I can't use
arrows I can I use page two
you know don't have a mouse well I don't
not on my lap I don't have a mouse you
still hit buttons wait I was hitting
buttons the off switch says not sure
I'll keep on subscribing after rich
comes home to find Jack's severed head
on the dining room table in a 2000 word
thesis on Stargate written on the wall
in blood
until then I'm game it's gonna happen
sooner or later that's right Jesus
Christ
junk fuck no Chuck Fox says I am a dirty
cheater good night everybody
Chuck Fox that says that urban crisis
says thank you for all the content take
my free Amazon you love them nasty flop
for 21 fucking months in a row Jay will
you do me a favor and reach into that
bag in front of you and pull out an item
from that bag in front of you if you
could do that thank you
I don't want it I think other things
guys okay ready you get to read it write
what you want the honors know you can
you can just in the Worman 4:30
don't don't face it towards your face
good that's like a wily coyote okay okay
36 motherfucking months in a row flew
behind the TV all that time all the time
it's not working it's not working it's
not working
yawn the thing you need to be on are we
in the right scene
I had at work fine phew screams ago
rooms ago hold on I might not be in the
right scene we had a whole thing I think
we got to be a cam scene or something
right when that deal oh there it is it's
in the just game scene
there's the confetti no still not
working
shit well let's see the confetti great
we gotta fix the confetti it can't stop
no right can you turn it off no I can't
turn now Saul you know what I'll just go
over to that's that scene there we go
off and then it'll look like it's magic
yeah that'll be more funny this way all
right great hey thirty-six fucking
motherfucking months in a row that's
great says woo I finally made it to a
show chicken Mick burdock's
says I love my hack frauds low-tom says
six months six months holy moly
thank you guys for the half-year good
times yeah the al the Ali G show says
thank you for muting the others I hate
them more than Jason also I love you
guys claydol one Vladimir Lestrade says
I don't know what to do I don't know
what this will do but AIDS I'm not gonna
say like yeah cuz I like I don't want to
be a poor imitation of you that's the
thing they would be binstock they would
be pissed I'm not gonna do it that's why
I didn't that's why I won't your on w
I'm trying to figure out like world war
like World War 1 World War 2 that's one
two three four Oh like wandering like 27
billion won 12 billion six hundred
thousand three hundred million
well it's 123 trillion 456 million nope
oh I got it wrong five six seven eight
nine one zero it's 12 trillion 345
million six hundred seventy eight
thousand nine hundred and ten okay I
wouldn't say that way for fun right
there's way too much mental effort
that's what does world wars twelve
trillion 346 million six hundred seventy
eight thousand nine hundred ten say they
say hi okay great t3h numb or says take
my free subscription you damn dirty Apes
my no face for 12 months and roses look
at these prereq hats
yes budget Messiah for 12 months in a
row happy Anniversary you hack frauds
Jake basil says heart emoji heart emoji
or possibly but emoji but emoji or or
less than three less than three that's
the move on it's dumb napkin please
speed gear says hey guys glad to support
the stream crooked spiral says loving
this game keep up the great work guys
Theodore J hooker for 33 months in a row
says whooped how long 33 fucking there
once in a row there we go
DF d KF f1v says go Jay go that was mine
we're doing something in the game oh I
thought they were tell me to leave oh
well probably that soon yeah Mike chase
27 M cases thank God for Amazon Prime
we appreciate it PES freak a clockwork
Stalin
one fuckin months in a room ice bone
badger
four thirty four fucking months in a row
space come over thirty three fucking
months in a row machine gun funk for
thirteen months in a row since thirteen
months
Friday the thirteenth stream I'm drunk
so nobody joke rock on and side Bell who
says hey guys I am a law student and
always thought the rlm crew would make
great jurors ever serve on a jury nope
nope mmm not only that I have never been
summoned for jury duty
oh really they don't trust me stated my
half but I've never been put on a on a
jury I almost did once yeah yeah it's
like a depressing case
