Episode 800
Barbie... Prelude to the Prom
July 18, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KC6powhN9Tg
___________________________________________

only me I'm not like that parcel and a
half they're complaining I was joining
no I'm explaining why meeting back
readings
okay yeah we weren't doing anything
terribly weird while we took a break but
we came across an important revelation
what obvious oh shoot the cameras on
define important now you did it now you
did where's the camera just put
something over it yeah top of it Sean
oh really yeah there should be one
called just again looking for it there
we go there you go so a really nice
table I think Jay built it gingerly what
did that kind of shit he's like
carpentry first you see through shit I
felt done them see any of it
we've got his steps though I mean this
was like quality furniture made out of
real ingredients to make their shit out
of there I would I think what rich is
saying is he's feeling a little
underappreciated yeah your round table
is a thing of beauty and the way you
made it was genius there we go
see there you go I use square wooden to
make a round table that shit's
impressive a curved table I asked him
how he made it round and he said well I
just tied a string to this pole and I
was like oh that's a good idea
Xavier Karen Karen J did not make the
wheel in Phuket oh no that was me that
was Richard Edlund and letters were
lovingly hand-carved from some kinda
weird home ship you're supposed to say
yes that's the game is funny they said
Karen we all thought Mike was the root
the worst to rich and now we know better
yeah I know I don't know my story Mike
said some stuff that I would ever say
probably because I would ever think of
it only and only that reason I did not
break the wheel of the worst and Mike
broke the wheel of the worst Hey Kenny
doesn't even know what the wheel of the
worst is I've seen the wheel you see oh
you have seen the ball so on one of our
shows we spin the wheel to help us pick
the movie and three years ago I pushed
it over and I did not break it but
recently Mike pushed it over and he
broke it and everyone blames me you
should like put the cassettes inside of
their slot so that would you spin it
they go shoot across the room didn't it
happen once something happened weird
where we didn't know it wasn't something
in there something came flying off yeah
I don't remember I think it's just one
of those hard clam shell cases though
okay Jim did you fix the game screen
what what difficulty we're going with
that is easy no we're not we're not
going we're not fully focused yeah
really we're gonna chair we're gonna
chat about other stuff I'm probably
gonna go off of a not on another Apple
thing they said that you that you
weakened it you greatest stress later
three years no drunken Mike can't melt
steel beams hmm but he can weaken them
you
are you're gonna like phone I'm not just
you really well Rich's expert well it's
fine rich has a voice like magic I do I
don't know how he was growing up but
when we at whenever we record Rich's
voice the we cannot control his audio
levels I will tell you what the problem
is
he spent his childhood at the backseat
with his mother and his grandmother
talking trying to be heard vague ignored
but it's not like it's not just loudness
heat we're gonna sign up we have the
piercing like we have specialized audio
equipment that is supposed to keep a
microphone from going over a certain
level really rich we'll make it go over
that level oh wow he has broken
equipment so is this like compression or
something here it's it's it's all it's
magic it's it's science we don't
understand yet in which his vocal chords
he's like he's like cable where where
the commercial sound really loud he's
like and then we try to adjust and then
you finally just turn and everyone else
is quite
special rich equipment it doesn't work
it doesn't well then it looks like I
just saved your bacon I reckon we stand
a better chance out there if we stick
together
my name is Clemens I used to be a priest
not much use for those these days or
nowadays what's your name partner
here's the first question should we
actually read this stuff or should we
chitchat
I'll just kind of casual with my rest
what's the plan chitchat usually yeah
it's see like the no read if it's
particularly interesting but yeah if
it's funny news based on there's there's
somebody in the chat that you want our
main character be named after doesn't
that nut who's asking for but something
somebody you want them you named after
it Colonel rich mustard
I misspoke Colonel L colonal colloidal
English language sucks right I don't
have room for mustard somebody they do
Colonel RM Colonel Mustard
how about Richard huh stirred rich Oh
rich mustard I like it
that's a double meaning exactly it's
rich it's rich and pungent enough
characters to do the abbreviation Co you
know what it's too late now
and we're just gonna forget about it
okay the next name should be spicy
meatball
Katie pick out a name in the chat that
you likes the name that you like looks
like Giles I do everyone's dead I'll
take blame and you're talking to ghosts
now hi guys okay
shy guy yeah that's a Mario - yeah
little mess son it kind of like a like a
very adorable version of Jason Voorhees
they have like little hockey master so I
love those guys shot guys they're one of
my favorite Mario characters I like
Mouser for some reason the mouse with
them with the Sun rises all right that's
fair that's fair I think got Berto and
it's just like what's her deal like just
so weird yeah I like I don't like her as
a character but it's weird enough like
to come out of her mouth did they come
out of her Chloe yeah how did it go in
the cloaca no way when I was pasted
October so I did shoot about about Berto
Berto oh I don't know you pick one go
wait wait wait Alberto was her male Bros
a guy that dresses like a girl
Berto choose murder was transgender so
Berto is transgendered and he doesn't
know how about Elvis Elvis unmailed
don't talk like this to me Berto is a
male who chooses to present herself as a
female that's why I use the proper like
hy hours of the zy elph or said that
herself
like like you know there's 30 and she
and then there's like Zimmer's Irv I
don't know there's like they're a bunch
of I don't know what they are but there
are a bunch of alternate pronouns for
people who identify squeezed really
limits this sounds amazing
when I was working briefly for Amazon
they they asked you know there was a
list too but they asked what what my
pronoun preference was in my case being
you know kind of boring cisgender I mean
it was just like you know I identify as
female I prefer to be called she and her
but for other people there there can be
all kinds of combinations yeah
Amazon's way up way up there on the
progressive as well I've never heard of
I mean I know invaders in the TV show
and comic book but that's all I know
I could have the wrong something with a
Z it was that what they're saying him
I'm not
Zim with X though okay and I'm not sure
what that exactly means in the whole
spectrum but being on somebody that's
mean your father's something I'll try to
remember
that's just certainly that's just cool
certainly when one of my co-workers and
my pet in a different job transitioned
I'm yeah you know I made sure to call
him a him because he was now it's just
the polite thing yeah someone's sure
sure could you would you have be honest
you have a hard time taking somebody who
wanted to be called Zim seriously like
if they said like instead of saying like
he'll be over you they actually get
offended when you accidentally call them
that's sure whatever her and I would
like to be called Jim and referred to as
like that like oh we're gonna go over to
we're gonna go over to Zim like how good
a friends am i with this person that's
the cool that's the real question cuz
they're not you're just meeting this
person I'm just meaning they're just
meeting this person and and I and I say
oh who's this guy hey it's Jim and they
get really upset about it
you have a hard time taking this person
seriously well not the first time the
first time they're all exam okay there's
in but if they like you know if they're
if they're not comfortable with my
learning curve then they're just kind of
a dick I think I have a tendency to be
kind of like afraid of offending people
so I think I would just go out of my way
to avoid it I really like are we gonna
go to that individuals house individual
what is rule number one is how does this
affect me okay and so like if they're if
they get all pissy because I called them
the wrong thing yeah then they're just a
dead guy but if they say oh excuse me
before we're going to further would you
mind calling me Zim or would you find
referring to my gender as
I don't know what the proper pronouns
English different context okay they
they're they're polite about it like
that
yeah this is for a job interview you're
interviewing them yeah that doesn't
matter doesn't matter you know no I was
like a very good this is weird
well sure I know you by the way I do
think it's weird yeah yeah like to me
that stuff doesn't matter like in an
employment sense like is this person
gonna flip hamburgers any worse than any
other person because that's my job that
I just made if I ever a hamburger shop
and I'm gonna specialize in flattened
hamburgers they're very thin ah
and you know what I'm gonna make I'm
gonna make crunchy cheese things I've
seen this thing for making your own
hamburgers if you like take melted
mozzarella cheese and instead of putting
it on the hamburger you put it in the
oven first and it turns into a cheese
crisp that you put on your hamburgers
that's what I'm gonna do with my
networks and walk my cheese like gooey
and stringy cheese crisp is apparently
the way to go with hamburgers but in any
case I mean I mean I'm hiring a new fry
cook and if they say please refer to my
gender as Zim I say I'm a great burger
fuck I'm like I'm like Zim's the Zim
then if they're going to be on the
counter I'd probably ask well how how
would you react if a customer failed to
excuse me sir right oh yeah that's right
which hopefully they would I mean most
people are okay you horrible is this
whole line of conversation or very
quickly quiet exactically quiet he's
just saying that this is way off topic
here well this is where the train of
thought went it's fine
our train of thought just frickin derail
we could talk about how you people made
me walk down stairs to get you something
to drink three we only made you go down
twice you wouldn't done the first time
yourself a true okay well you couldn't
both said I didn't know drinks for an
option when you were getting rear-ended
the best if I wanted one you came back
with a coke and I was like oh I didn't
know that was enough and I'd like one
yeah Karen could have then said yeah get
me one too right oh oh it's my fault no
it's I didn't say that oh it's Mike yeah
it's your fault okay you knew rigging
fault
you shouldn't said hey would you mind or
you know you will also like went
downstairs earlier and could have gotten
yourself I could have but I feel less
comfortable than rich does to Selby
myself oh sure
it was also way funnier you asking rich
to go down at their times so an okay so
back to the real conversation yeah
cheese crisps well this does what this
apparently does for the hamburger is it
adds that crunch um and you know the
different textural element and
cuz it's like baked cheese it's almost
like a like a super cheesy potato chip
on top I'm intrigued by this I would
like to try this rig but I'm thinking
well what about what if you just take
regular cheese and just put some of
those French's onion things all right
well you can get crushed that way too
but I like I like crispy cheese yeah in
general like we were talking earlier
about like my pizza burned and part of
that is because I want the QI I don't
want any white on top of my pizza I want
it to be oh no like it's mahogany that's
the color of the garlic cheese bread
they basically toast to the garlic bread
and then they put cheese on top of it
and the cheese melted but the cheese was
like there's really nicely toast you
know no but I lost I want the cheese
itself to be dark brown I'm intrigued by
this whole baked you know cheese crispy
cheese idea on a burger I think that
would be I have never had a pizza with
brown cheese like you described when the
crust wasn't like a freaking cracker I'm
like oh no no no thin crust
sometimes good cracker crust work is the
consistency that gets me I don't like
that bitter sour cold taste like when I
make my toast it's like just kind of
like my mom would joke once you just
leave it out overnight don't get the
same effect oh yeah it depends on the
place there's a lot of there's a lot of
great places around here that have that
super thin like crumble in your hand
crusts yes there was a place more
monocles I'm with you
yeah yeah they were 10 new does if you
ever go to tanida's they have really
amazing thin crust they're very flaky
very crackery thin crust and they do the
same thing where they like they make
sure that that cheese like they must put
it under like a broiler or something to
make sure that
it's brown and like melty on the bottom
but crushed but the kind of crust where
you run a pizza cutter over to chip and
shams absolutely and I like it both ways
oh my god I mean I just like food in
general I like every kind of people is
that Jack's wife that is not Jack's why
don't we just talk scarran my lady love
hi and the other lady that is talking
this place okay that would be me and I'm
here to to get that ammo a lot of that
ammo I said you've got food and scrap
ammo they just look like a box of
shotgun shells to me that was in that
corner Michael I don't know for sure
they say see jack is Rich's sister wife
no I don't think that's how it works
like I like what breena's got a saying
and he goes the marina's God says the
other lady is Jack that's true I am a
princess that's crazy
name audio-in turning it down probably
wouldn't be the end of the world I mean
it's not exactly get a great atmosphere
you know that classic Atari back when
the sound was coming through like the
sound card about the speakers yeah that
was about the extent all right I think
we're good here Jack's pronoun is the
Queen of England your highness which for
some reason it's got an e in high like
heightens the Highness do you speak in
the second person as well in a second
person we the Royal we speak in the
second person
oh no sometimes you should adopt that if
you're gonna be a queen or princess sure
or any of these you know reductions or
oftentimes I am forced to speak in the
third person I managed our previously
recorded Twitter account and someone all
I ask is Jack or rich doing this and I
want to say well Jack does this to clear
up any ambiguity so I often find myself
talking in the third person but never in
the second person we would love to go
for call second person would we like if
every time I did second person would be
terribly confusing because if I meant to
say that I ate I ate lunch I would say
you ate lunch node B would that be the
second person the second person plural
they ate lunch I'm so confused
I thought it was the second person but
it's the Royal the Royal weeks third I
you it was just plural but you know hmm
I you he for a second yeah plural I must
have my terminology mixed up sorry
that's all right
chat yeah my wife has made one stream we
did a boardgame stir
years ago or yen's if you're from
Pittsburgh I love we love board games
and we did a we did a and we had the
camera angles all funny and and she was
at a board game stream but this was
years ago so she has not been to a
stream since that's how good at times
yet okay I think I have the Barbie board
game in my trunk
that sounds like fun like those sixties
now we're talking what do you have
Barbie board game from the 60s in your
trunk two questions we got a two-part
question like the proper place for this
thing it's a it's a three-part question
like I don't have a Barbie board game
yeah why do you have a Barbie board game
from the sixties in your trunk oh why of
that Mike in your face and tell us okay
so I have this game it was a
hand-me-down
yes for the why I have it from the 60s
and it is in my trunk because what was a
hand-me-down from my mom and you have it
in your truck your mother said to
herself
okay so you're just kidding that you
treasure that or game is currently on a
shelf and you love you okay because my
aunt and I were talking about how nobody
will ever play this game with me and she
said oh I'll play it with you sometimes
so I keep it in my trunk so that the
next time I happen to be at my aunt's
house I'll have it with me you have I
was very concerned we will be asking you
later for a follow-up whether or not
this game is happy yeah absolutely I
would play it with you you know I'm
curious what a Barbie board game right
yeah
getting ready for you wrong do you like
like pink we are playing this game right
I just get it I mean it bad we'll go
through the game far bigger board games
is it anything like Mall madness did you
guys ever play Mall madness
with the credit cards that's no it's a
credit card I never played the game I
just used to play with a little plastic
credit card you go shopping and you got
to find the best deals at the mall like
a little plastic pseudo knuckle Buster
yeah that's great for the little credit
card barbie board game stream incoming i
mean we're gonna try to make it happen
it's gonna it might be difficult just
one look at it I say it's like life
except all the cars are pink and purple
why does Jack Barbies always all about
the cars cuz I had I had my own madness
man or is it like is it like you know
like monopoly where it's a shoe but it's
like a Barbie shoe right what's the game
we got to figure it out the dog is like
Barbie's little white dogs I think she
had like go take a knees or something
the plastic pick and ease there's an NES
Barbie game once it's awful as it sounds
probably you'll have to look into it at
some point
oh that's right we're playing and easy
no wonder this is not especially
challenging
yeah we're ending this to play the part
of a game that is 900 percent what is
going to happen here I'm sure my mail
just wasn't bad except you know my
parents never really wanted the play
board games too much and I didn't have
any siblings and it wasn't terribly
popular sighs never really had like
three or four people around to play ball
madness so just kind of sat there but
when I first got it I remember playing
the credit card machine
and that was kind of Awesome all right
so I'm gonna cross turn its got like
classic
