Episode 802
Barbie Queen of the the Mother Fucking Prom
July 18, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vrp3YJI3e90
___________________________________________

wait exactly you guys finally get a
boardgame stream so you better be happy
about this asked us for more board game
streams forever now so yeah you talked
to us what is this oh we did a bunch of
difference it's like two years ago this
point and I know we want to do more but
but we can do it here okay we need a
fourth piece we use any of them anything
quarters find something funny where
we've tchotchkes all over the place you
grab a fire but you're here here again I
love the perfect thing move for it since
the first get out of my way I believe
the phrases excuse me this is kind of
close to your face please okay thank you
we can accommodate then stop to chat
with a girlfriend miss one turn this one
worked great you were needed at home
I liked allowance Oh who wants to be
Yoda players play as Barbie you want to
be head coach I am okay rich can you
actually move OBS over to this one guys
I'm so effing excited about playing
Barbie queen of the prom I am going to
be queen of the prom
I need to let you guys know that no I'm
gonna be queen also look at this I'm
gonna go out with point anyway I love
his little round eyes here's what I'd
want to point out here's what I want to
point out to the chat is this is
actually missing some pieces and so they
are hand drawn pieces of paper okay
oh also look at this classic art this is
gorgeous
Oh Bob I'm not gonna drink this coke I
don't want to smooth a texture you don't
want Poindexter as a boyfriend guys what
your texture is gonna like start a song
home pretty girly company so here's hot
here's Tom he told me you're a gold
digger I'll tell you who I'm hoping for
look at this classy motherfucker Ken
right here oh man he's got a he's got
job prospects he's gonna treat me nice
he's got a bowtie you say you're one of
the doctor who's is there a copyright on
the store who plural that we dr. sue the
box
it's classic it so I told them playing
Barbie board game I don't know if it'll
take it or not because it's not in their
list sure but that's right it's if no
longer saying we're playing organ trail
unless it just didn't update because it
didn't recognize Barbie board game as
the thing hey chat chat the thing it's
real if you refresh the page chat does
it say we're playing Barbie board game
tabletop is an option if it just changes
a table table if we have to that seems
like a reasonable choice not terribly
it's a smart board game okay okay great
you know what that's good enough can you
get OBS Becca just you know I just want
a nice like where our hands are okay so
I'm right here hi everybody
that's just a great look at that yes
that's a great shot right there yeah
I got my knife so I'm ready to go if you
take 10 points take Poindexter all right
you gonna have point extra I want Tom
this year left with Bob I'm like with
Bob all right Bob or you can be a jerk
and take one of our possibly thing he's
got going on okay so what are the rules
all right so we start at home I think
we're all there this is hung yellows
okay who wants to be Yoda I think that's
you retirements me I'm Yoda I'm going to
be the crack two white one do you want
this attached no I'd like it on the
crack one adorable you me Yoda I'll
switch if you really want no no all
right so we start at home and you roll
it's just look at this classic dice oh
my God look at this diet is the matter
what it is made out of wood and each
number is painted on oh we all should we
ever any Medeiros I wouldn't want to
like ruin day well uh well here's the
thing this is actually a d4 really well
it's a d6 but only four letters ah
numbers 1 1 2 2 3 4 1 1 2 2 3 4 is how
this dice works give you fill okay your
vintage right okay I love alright so
somebody who wants to go first
oh all right I've never been this giddy
so we each start with $25 okay we're all
up this is an eighties game we're out
the home space okay so I'm going
now you roll the die move your piece
that is a two and so the arrows Oh
surprise surprise card let's see what it
says here you volunteer to coach in
spelling and obviously not me one of the
students you help is Bob he asks you for
a date if no other player has Bob you
may accept and go to date time all right
so let's see what state I think you know
what I'm gonna date with Bob seems like
okay so here's you know here's on a date
here is a chance to there's a thing that
here says on a date yeah let's see here
Oh date time see up here says day so yes
and I go date time so then now do I do
it I'll go into here you go into on a
date yeah but you I mean I think you
probably have to run you next on my next
day okay
okay I'm with you it says to go to date
time it doesn't say to take Bob's card
or anything right just to go there okay
I assume now I have to go like through
the date and win the day to get Bob
[Laughter]
bobbing for Bob oh it does say that
whenever the instructions say you may do
something you have the choice of not
doing so if you choose what's the
ultimate goal um you need to collect you
need to buy a dress get a steady
boyfriend be elected club president in
any order so we go on to the prom and
get to okay so even if you get to the
prom square if you don't have one of the
other things you have to go back sure
until you get sure you know and I guess
you know like Bob not not not my top
choice but you know I got to win the
game here
so I'm gonna take that okay so I went
you are you yeah I'm still kind of
figuring out the rules figuring out the
rules salad for soda fountain pay $1 if
without boyfriend because there's no boy
to pay for you of course I'm going next
oh no you also have to pay the see me
four bucks I want this dress I know
that's like that smart look at that
dress that's really is a bow and that
would work now right that's back in
style
yeah the art the art is gorgeous I agree
this is this is amazing art we got to
you're on surprise surprise
your dad has received an extra-large
stock dividend he gives you a present of
$10 damn girl
give me that give me that stock dividend
ten bucks I can I have the die piece
thank you one okay so now I'm on date
time okay so if I go on he says you are
not ready when he calls miss one turn
but I was getting beautiful for him no
Jack doesn't have any daughters but you
know maybe someday he'll have a
granddaughter maybe and he can play
Barbie with her maybe Barbary Barbie I
am you know
fries or you go and do not be able to
afford a dress it's your I think it's
your choice not be able to afford a
dress at the other choice well you do
have I Oh use this name is credit nice I
think I'll go with the surprise anyway
though player on my left has arranged a
double date I may accept the boyfriend
you choose for me you want Tom I think
you should have but we only know what
town looks like no and I have two boys I
have two sons and I'm really lucky I
don't have a daughter
girl she would be spoiled a shit like
any anything like I have nieces and I
just give them whatever they want
whenever I'm watching them and by the
way when you get a boyfriend like like
at the end of reals real sign or real
the real Jean interest except it'll be
like and all the pretty things you want
all the pretty big any outside space so
that's any all any here would have been
the same thing I gotta go to school
anyway now it's just gonna just no it's
fine I'm just going to school now you
know what I'm putting my career above
Ben it's not the way to become prom
queen but okay
someone's doing the inflation that $10
in 1961 is worth about eighty one
dollars now well that's a decent chunk
of change for high school girls right
with the dresses and stuff right yeah so
that one dollar at the soda fountain
without a boyfriend comes out to about
eight bucks all right come on guys mama
needs a new boyfriend player on your
left remind you of a $2.00 bet that's
you have to pay her which in this case
means me but really could you please
refer to me as sir give me a five okay
no no my start gets skipped oh right
because you lost a turn I was making
myself you're naturally pretty you don't
but I don't feel like I am this is the
next term I'm sorry all right I'm gonna
go for i skipped class go back one space
right so it's generally funnier than
monopoly monopoly is about slowly going
broke and by the way like lost your
textbook pay three dollars like the
board is a lot to take in but once you
once you follow all the arrows it makes
a lot of sense
textbook inflation is insane though she
was like a calendar textbook would be
like $300 oh right
my new boyfriend you don't have a
boyfriend so pay up 1 $1 for a Saudi
please
it looks today you Inc
alright now I can sign for your hot date
Who am I got a date with again Bob Bob
fucking Bob the guy I'm settling for
Jack my third date third date
wait are you saying wait till Thursday
you said never mind I just what body
parts Bob got to touch if it was the
third day oh I think rich is saying I
should go all the way you've said
fucking Bob oh sure I did yeah I did a
thing and nobody caught it it means it
was a bad thing yeah this is it's just
more awkward now because we're not near
insulating rose but I kind of like that
you're just over explaining it so I
think it's like the Advocate of
inflation and like 1961 it was probably
like the ninth okay so Bob is a total
dickhead Bob criticizes my hairdo
go to the beauty salon oh that son of a
bitch look if you need me to get captain
cat or Poindexter to beat him up we can
we can talk about that right beauty shop
now do I have to do what it says oh do
something about that you're gonna hate
hairy luck people are gonna get a new
hairstyle jack so I'm listening to Bob
that's like twenty four dollars in
today's dollars I just did my hair
before I came here good fresh McCoy yep
class party your boyfriend asked you to
go she has a boyfriend yet they were
they were hanging out but he came I came
highly recommended
because remember we went on a double
date he's putting that on lockdown yeah
yeah I was like this is this is good
good for the prom yeah
101 shower skip one time you people
messing around on dates you're getting
your education I'm gonna be I'm gonna be
the first President of the United States
that's what I'm gonna be congratulation
take awhile you know waiting somewhere
around 2016 it's gonna happen
okay Kerry was in the middle of a very
funny rant it's all right what happened
you have been chosen for the
entertainment committee you may go at
once to a beach party where's my beach
party Oh beach party can somebody put me
over the if you have no boyfriend yeah
if you have no boyfriend go to
introductions and enter what does that
mean what does the rule say Oh mind when
you land on a boyfriend space you may
have that boyfriends card if it is not
taken no player may have more than one
keep the card facedown until new timing
until you land on a space that says go
steady this makes you steady boyfriend
venture in that card phase okay so you
just wait there and hope you do yep yep
you cannot Tom Tom is a one-woman guy
good on you Tom bitch party would suck
well it depends you know like maybe
you're into that huh
who to where am I you're like my tea
you're I'm surprised again surprised
okay
you are on the refreshment committee you
may go
- you may go at once to class party
vodka class party was what I'm gonna do
steady if you had a boyfriend you could
go study but when do you lose the card
lose the date didn't go on well I never
got a card I was just on a date it just
took him to this oh so like I think one
of these says you go to the football
game he has tickets oh this is just Dave
what does this even do he so he doesn't
automatically get one just for going to
the on of dates no no no cuz the card
said go on a date with Bob yeah oh you
know what I shouldn't have even gone in
there because it said you may roll again
and enter if you have a boyfriend I
didn't have a boyfriend so I should be
playing the game wrong I played it wrong
that's fine we're gonna we're just gonna
keep rolling with it because we're
learning and we're playing I so
basically I went on it I made up a
boyfriend he's from Canada you wouldn't
know him his name is poutine yes and
we're madly in love French I was a snack
bar and had to pay a dollar and we skip
my turn so you go wait but didn't Tom
pay for you no no oh I guess that's you
can't leave the house without a man okay
I got one
hey did you got Poindexter well I got
Poindexter okay but you're not you're
not going steady yet right so these
Poindexter's facedown so net now you
need to hit on a space that says now you
need to land on a space that says going
steady and then you can go steady with
Poindexter all right here we go one
surprise I'm the white one surprise you
are voted the most popular girl in your
class if you need one you may choose any
boyfriend who is not taken or you may
exchange your president or you may
exchange your present boy
friend what that's awesome wait finish
it change your steady boyfriend unless
he is your steady date for any boyfriend
not yet taken so if I was going steady I
couldn't exchange wasting my time here
in school this game this game gives me
the impression that I'm wasting my time
so I am gonna take Ken and he's gonna be
my boyfriend so I put Ken face down cuz
we're not going steady yet no I want to
know I thought I was settling for Bob
because the surprise card said the Bob
best her/him yeah but now I got that was
just a date they weren't boyfriend and
now Ken if I can land on a go steady
space I got me a steady boyfriend in his
in friends anyway yeah what is it my
turn
okay I already have a boyfriend so I
could roll again if I didn't but I've
already got Tom and we're steady rock
solid couples say to clean wet board
skip one turn you are just basically I
think all of these are not good oh yeah
ladies to win the chance to earn a
Squatch like what do you get from the
school huh
I need a dollar from everybody
I thought you win by doing the school
thing right is there one good thing in
that school yeah like in this one there
definitely is you can earn money if you
if you take a chance alone on a date I
don't think if you if you land on a
space that has two arrows you can choose
which one to go on so is the banker take
care of money I show cars I use
reminders follow instructions printed on
the space which is how it happened in my
spot I get a dollar from everybody
whenever they get around to paying me up
right yeah every time you pass well you
get a buck already cheering extract I
took one from each of us everything we
pass for land on home you get a five
dollar allowance unless it says return
to home right so if you go around the
board go to any outside space refers to
any space along the edge of the game
board you may pass home but only once
before completing a turn if you run out
of money borrow $10 the first player to
win this game by having a pom prom dress
and being like president of some kind of
committee and having a steady boyfriend
yeah so it says you know to prom is
enter only if you are club president
have a formal dress and a steady dates
so there's no benefit to going to school
this is before Barbie had jobs remember
to the board you lose your textbook
gonna have to pay for it
skip term for lives bed mat this hard
who designed this game I want I want to
documentary about this is this is
fantastic this is beautiful so yeah so
so you know you got to get a date dress
you need money for and then you got to
go shopping school clubs is that where
you can become presidents yes Abbey's
domestic sciences yes so Karen you just
went right you got the three dollars
from everybody I did I took one from
each of us stole great can I have the
die please collections agent okay no
that's very so you take a percentage
free can you move the white piece three
roll again and enter if you do not have
a boyfriend I have a boyfriend
okay I'm good I'm good I'm good
a man does that Oh clearly a man
designed this game I want to know
specifically who I find and return a
lost wallet and get a five dollar reward
hots that's 40 bucks I know
well so is our allowance maybe we only
get it once a month because I mean it's
a pretty long board finally I can stop
wasting my time just get out of school
surprise go back for pieces yes this is
your complimentary ticket to the
football game for making a poster you
may use it later works change it now for
one dollar cash you're using that art
degree of yours rich you mean so you
know what I wouldn't want to attend the
football game because I'm
well wait but what if there's boys at
the football game all the tight ends if
your date has tickets enter free and go
steady so you should hold on to that
okay so that oh yeah you get a boyfriend
you can use it to go so oh my god the
strategy the mad strats if you wish to
try for club office roll again and
that's one that you do need to do
because you need to be president of
something oh right no this is cheaper
easier than the primary electoral
college so let's see what we got here
three one two three and what does that
say so much so you are elected
scholarship club president can we show
the camera again just neat heart work
scholarship club boom you're the
president okay oil lamp it's a slightly
misogynistic concept for the game but
the artwork is beautiful now we can look
at your turn oh yeah
- I'm whitey beauty shop beauty Oh do
something about that day pay $3 you just
can't get your hair good I have the bank
on my way do you want me to take it back
I don't know okay um just curious what
is the recommended age level for this
game is this - high school girls are pre
pre high school girls like I would
imagine it's pre but let's say did
it just says a fun game with real-life
appeal for all girls they probably
didn't label stuff like that back then
I have one X chromosome
and you can probably have half as much
fun with it you have more more fun
depending on how many eggs your sense of
humors on point I don't think your club
president card needs to be upside down
does it wave that wave that's just a
boyfriend boyfriend it's just the
boyfriend that needs to be upside down
right you can be a president but you
have to earn the man was it your turn or
mine oh no I just wanted you just want
okay to redo my hair again oh right
stop to chat with a girlfriend miss one
turn wait did you move Jax oh you're the
barbershop
we got to get our hair just right if we
want they if we want those boyfriend how
many three books great I don't have a
boyfriend I asked me to go study I
wasted my time in class
you had the match dress no I'm the drama
club president you can only be president
in one club though okay so I mean you
could change it if you I think I think
you can change it if you'd rather the
banker will give you a club president
card if you are the first to claim it
when you land on a club president space
no player may have more than one club
president card I think you can it if you
want if you've House Rules at least if
you would rather be drama club you can
I'll take the scholarship club because I
think that that might appeal to
Poindexter he's my true love oh I really
rather have Poindexter a trail you've
already got Poindexter though that's
true
can you move yt1 the headless white yeah
one well I got my hair did so many times
stop to chat with girlfriend miss one
turn you know women women be talking am
i right these are like their hairstyles
and your little your little character
has doesn't have any hair it shaved I'm
at the football game my date doesn't
seem to have a ticket so here's my one
dollar admission you're paying for how
progressive why do we even why do you
even have to go what's the point of
going I don't know I landed on the space
yeah does not go to the game well so
like fermentation gonna solve it because
my boyfriend is face down if I go to Pio
Pio steady sure but since I'm already
steady with Tom I'm so depressed because
I don't have a boyfriend I'm at the
snack bar I'm just just I just have to
eat the only way I can dealing with my
life wow the way you're free you're
eating your emotions what's eating you
rich one plans outing if you are and pay
a dollar a pay dollar yep a dollar
you're not in the Athletic Club give me
all the things
no if you only have to pay a dollar if
you're in the Athletic Club I reach and
I heard that the other way yeah yeah
okay and to play party collect one
dollar from each player yeah give me the
money
ten well you need 19 you're the big
change dude you're the banker all right
so I know I have I have to change you
have nine dollars I have nine dollars
there's nine oh man I I can almost get a
dress
we're got 21 yeah I need to be saving at
least 35
Karin at most 65 who I'm hoping to get
that see it yeah how's me I'm hoping to
get 40 to get that nice blue dress oh
they have prices on there yeah
but blue dress is very nice all right
I'm music club president now black here
is the music club president card a liar
and another hammer gavel thingy yeah you
know what all of them have a hammer one
probably cuz the president you get it
you are needed at home collect alone
does that mean I go back here I gotta
bang that gavel because scholarship
clubs sure gets rowdy I want 5 bucks so
I'm like 40 but very poorly but
financially yours okay
and you went to school so you have
smarts they're just not applicable for
anything that art degree it meant you've
made the football team poster I got
another you go one against a club
rehearsal
if member yeah all right here we go
oh yes yes go to football game okay he's
going steady I'm gonna pay a dollar and
me and can we go and steady that's Ken I
just put it together that's ken from
Barbie and Ken yes that's Ken it's the
Barbie game you just gotta just put that
together and I'm a little slow sometimes
okay my turn
scholarship Club plans field trip I'm
not
remember so I don't have to pay the bus
fee nice snap one thanks mochi wait a
minute wait a minute wait a minute wait
a minute did you just move that blue
thing
no I move this thing no Katie what did
she what dang it I keep forgetting what
color I am what am i I'm yellow yellow
where was she how many did you move care
what was it blue one
you're on athletic club right yeah you
were a music club yeah okay
gotta watch me I'm yellow do I need to
remember that I am yellow play do I want
to go with a chance to roll again
do you need money I'm gonna need a dress
eventually I'm gonna roll in here almost
exactly the same like white is good
right story for magazine sorry
no sale oh so you see went to school to
be a writer
my dreams are failing and you wanted you
on you are all getting ready for your
dates you wanted to be a hard-hitting
journalist and you wrote you want a
scathing I so want to be a journalist do
you want to get married to Ken and they
said listen honey you want to work Bob's
the only one left we already have
someone writing the cookie looks like a
douche yep you get him club members
returned home for costume material
except I'm not a drama club I'm in the
scholarship Club all right that should
have been Rich's club so now do I have
to go to or can I stop on that one with
the arrow and and curve into school you
can no you can go anyway okay oh yeah at
every your blue yeah the one that I keep
trying to move no you're right
go in if people see like there's a
little black arrow right here way at the
bottom and then a white arrow here so I
get to just boom I'm elected to be
President
oh no not at the music club because your
enemies are music close but you can on
your next turn right path alright there
we go
dicey cast says there are damn near 500
people watching for grown-ass adults
play the Barbie board game on the
Internet
and isn't that a beautiful thing we are
Mark IV yes we are archiving this
gorgeous game future generations can now
look upon this game ago and we are doing
a service and yes my legs are very pale
I'm sorry I don't go outside much I earn
$2 by walking the neighbor's dog thank
you there you go college graduate you I
think we're all in high school do they
have proms in college oh yeah you're
right I didn't graduate so you're a high
school graduate right as a high school
graduate I graduated early my graduate
yes I graduated younger man and prom is
a few months after the you know halfway
through the year for so gives you
lifting a car you may go to any outside
space so you need a dress you might want
to go someplace with a narrow for a
dress okay you you're dangerously close
to knocking over the camera I'm sorry
just a heads up what am i pop over here
because it goes do you have enough to
afford the black dress you can do an IOU
though an IOU gets you $10 if you run
you could go here you could go here go
through the money earning chance area
and then go write an address what sounds
like oh good okay so here's the thing if
you run out of money you can borrow $10
from the bank and get an IOU reminder
return this to the bank when you have
the money you may then borrow again if
necessary but no player may and
the path to prom while still holding an
IOU and then you can start earning money
so let's go over here and I need some
money for a dress okay
four dollars babysitting wait do you get
to rule again or just that was the role
of him say to roll again yeah oh oh well
yeah yeah well again if your questions
ask you do you think Karen's trying to
cheat in the barbie game huh oh you get
to roll again I know the mouse doesn't
need to be on the table I just like how
it looks
don't move it that just looks like a
good shot I think Jackie Arba dies oh
yeah I do
one Hey that's what equipment that is
not taken I will be in the Athletic Club
boom now I got Ken and athletic club I
have nothing absolutely nothing no dress
yet no prospects it's a long game I
earned a $3 okay so you're getting some
money over here though I've got a total
of $5 in this area I'm not I'm not sure
it's worth it right story
for magazine sorry no sale apparently
apparently there's no money to be had
what was your story on get close to the
microphone and make up what your story
was on my story was an gender pronouns
okay nice they weren't ready for that in
the 1960s yeah mutant they weren't ready
at all it still might not be well know
you could you could write a scathing
piece and Huffington Post rich is gonna
be
in stir and I know you think it's funny
to diet diabetes well just start with
the diet you know what I'm sure I'm
trading I'm going to be the drama club
president that seems more in line with
Ken I don't I don't know that's within
the rules of the game we said we already
said that we could do that feel like Bob
would like the Athletic Club exactly me
and Ken seems like the jock we're in the
drama club together
I'm Ken's muse he's gonna be the writer
I'll star in the plays I am NOT in the
drama club what's up save the drama for
your mama I see some people yeah I think
we are missing tips Hollywood give me
one moment we will sign back in here too
sweet what did you do
I earned six bucks correcting test
papers for my teacher six bucks
six bucks Sam dawg I didn't know
teachers made that kind of money that
they could give 6 bucks to you for
grading their tests all right Sammy it
can be attended we did that one Fred Doc
Brown this time it slope and says I was
kind of looking forward to more
streaming of the Friday the 13th game
don't know why you decided not to
because we found Barbie yeah I can't for
the life of me figure it out I'm sure
there's a reason oh well because Barbie
that is know what that Friday the 13th
game great streaming game it is anything
that's fun a lot a lot of little stories
a lot of real intense situation yes yeah
it's a great game jack is going so deep
I'm a little weirded out I might consume
playing it again I'm getting into it I
get yeah yeah I get into boy I might
consider it again next dream just
because it doesn't good screaming I'm
gonna it's still a little thing hey rich
we've that's what you want to play we're
down three Wow big three what do you
type letters for dead get $4 hey there
cupcake daddy needs some letters typed
give me four dollars and then I'm gonna
I'm gonna trade this for what or
something else why don't we just do this
at once
I'm tired and requires thinking too much
math you know what I'm not I'm not going
to say I'm gonna hit up a bay later
tonight to look for but I might just
invoice and please hey guys and gals
thanks for the free laughs also rich yes
is yours no no okay and poke Alex in the
eye says my wife just came in from
watching TV and the other one to ask me
what that sound was
it was Rich's laugh through my
headphones Oh Lord that's bad for your
hearing yeah never wear headphones while
listening to the stream
turn off your cochlear implant which you
haven't realize I leaned back oh yeah I
move one athletic club I'm not in the
Athletic Club anymore great that's it
easy peasy
what are the wind conditions okay so the
wind conditions is you need to make it
to this space here and go up to be queen
of the prom and in order to do that you
need a steady boyfriend to be club
president and buy one of these dresses
notice this space here school is
completely useless this space gets you
money this is a makes you go on a date
this is how you become school - I'd be
patient you agreed to go steady oh oh
here you agree to go steady okay this is
the one you want
so this yeah that's fine
oh wait no there's a couple studies here
actually okay so I landed on Fashion
Show and during ten dollars as a model
what apparently my hair is fine
this is the site of Katie I've never
seen I am going to buy a pretty dress
and I do not need an IOU whoa
rich gets that you know oh well you kind
of get an IOU why 35 huh oh I know but
that's the dress that a cards missing
for oh that's the silken flame it's a
beautiful dress you just have to look at
the board
to see it maybe right before prom my
fairy godmother will turn it into a
pretty dress this this scrap of paper
okay hold on some people have been
looking up Barbie board games on eBay
for me I'm just going to check the
prices from what I've heard before when
wouldn't when it turns into midnight
your tampon turns into a pogo stick and
your diaphragm becomes a trampoline so
you might not want to go with a fairy
godmother
what was this she was saying something
like why was Cinderella afraid of
midnight and it whistles or something
some joke I'm ready years ago and it
said that that her her tampon turned
back into a trampoline and her diaphragm
into a into a trampled era
herb herb excuse me your tampon into a
pogo stick and her diaphragm into a
trampoline all the visuals okay so you
know by the way 18 bucks yeah but these
are your people who are gonna bid it up
well you know what this one doesn't have
the cool cards this is not a complete Oh
Barbie said I don't think we'll see
we'll see anyway thank ya this this is
this could be a fun board game night
party game cuz it's so silly
alright let's see what I got - totally
politically correct thank you well
that's the fun about it
correct sucks six she corrected two
scores three oh she got to tune okay six
bucks what are you gonna do stick them
for the rules
the Barbie game you are you are caddy
80s kid yeah it's all the pronunciation
really ok this version thank you
this version is an original and it's
going for forty on eBay not bad still
might be worth it
Oh big four
I've never seen someone so excited to
play a Barbie board game hairdos of
$1.00 if you are a club member I am a
club member
well it's good to be a club member this
is a wonderful board game and and it's
ridiculous it's the most ridiculous
thing I've played in a long time I did
play they made an alien board game like
out of the original movie alien they
made a board game where you could like
move a xenomorph and a survivor that was
pretty ridiculous I did not base my life
choices or my educational choices on
this game boys were less enlightened
times anyway well I'm in like desperate
need of a boyfriend here right so I
guess I have to go here well again you
also need a club I don't know let's not
away it's I'm just telling you you ball
game I know what I'm doing I think I
know how to get a man he went to school
to study feminist all right so I need
Bob's the only one available right so I
needed to I absolutely needed to okay
i'll one fine or you can get another one
another one TV fucking stressful it's
okay rich you can do it as soon as he
says you fucking hack Franz I was in
Wisconsin for a few hours and I couldn't
find Mike at the local watering hole
what the fuck sometimes you see it
sometimes you don't sorry is it my turn
it is
okay I'm trying to pay attention like
the three of you plus the shadow game
it's it takes less I woke up for work
three um ready to take a little nap
- what's a player on your left remind
you of a $2.00 debt pay her pay two
bucks yeah sure how about sugar
there you go sugar hey baby
any cakes that was one I know I'm
deciding Oh cuz even if I get an extra
ten I know I need to earn money I was
deciding whether I wanted to surprise or
yeah okay here's my surprise you receive
a mysterious note to go home at once
it's a surprise birthday party for you
all players must join you there only I
collect allowance you guys come to my
fucking birthday party I'm a princess
give me give me my allowance give me my
allowance give me no you gave me my
presents now leave I earn $4 babysitting
all right there's the thing I want to go
through the chance to earn again cuz I'm
down to two bucks I could be in
desperate trouble if I like have to pay
for a soda or something
Oh decisions I don't have a boy to pay
for things
oh that's right you were you were right
so you can either earn $2 walking a dog
or pay a dollar going to the soda
fountain right but I'll be traveling for
like eight terms that's your call rich
it says it's up to
right there we already have the four so
it'd be a maximum of like two or three
turns well and you know remember like so
we've only Katie and I have a steady
boyfriend and a club membership neither
of us have breakfast right Karen still
needs to stedy fie her boyfriend and
address okay okay you know I gotta hang
on I gotta get a boyfriend I'm sorry
enough time for a career and a time for
a career in dog walking go to the mall
listen Xtreme Mall madness for actually
I actually know what pay a dollar if
you're without a boyfriend you have a
boyfriend even though you're not study
gotta boys I'm sorry
what's your man got to do with me my
man's gonna buy my soda
he keeps me oh he keeps me in bubble
[Music]
nobody wants your news articles
electronic there was an electronic one I
wanna say was yeah my interior yeah
because it like it tell it like it dings
and it tells you where the sales are I
entered a $10,000 Limerick contest and
won five dollars so you didn't do that
good ain't still five dollars it's
better than nothing just being left out
of there does that say Jack's wife does
say enter Oh
so that's like a dead zone it doesn't
say you may
one two three yes now you're gonna try
again with that boyfriend - how about
that wonderful movie it's really good
one Wonder Woman No very I heard it was
good it's very good
wait does that mean you get to go out
with Ken no because Ken's going steady
with job that's right oh I didn't want
to break you guys up for anything can't
yeah well there's a card that you four
could break us up but there is yeah
oh you skip class go back one space or
so either way Enter
Limor contests get $5 your Limerick was
just as lousy as mine there once was a
lady who went to school and all she did
was drool and all she did was drool
she bought many books and found all of
her learn how to cook so she loved
having cooks and now she feels quite the
fool I earned $5 making artificial
flowers once was a pupil named Jan - who
kept all those bills in a stack got my
fat cash here exchange any of that maybe
what's going on with school let's get
out of school as quick as possible let's
get a 4-1 you'll have a headache return
home I want them out of school I guess
she's got five bucks for going home to a
ho doo doo doo doo yeah going up going
home is a good thing
close enough you know like it was a off
the top of my head Limerick like that's
the best like it was a five dollar
Limerick to once was a person named Jack
his rhymes I washed dinner dishes and
get a dollar rich already took the cheap
dress yes I did I want that one well I
mean right everyone wants that one but
I'm doing I'm just someone asked me when
I woke up what I would be doing at 10:00
p.m. so $8.00 yeah there's your IOU you
cannot go to prom if you have an hour
you but you can pay back but considering
he still needs a vice-presidency and
boyfriend he has a question for that
rich controller they need to choose one
of two games to buy Dragon's Dogma or
Friday the 13th roll again if you wish
you have more time in both I don't wish
to enter that that's not an easy
question there's not an easy question
it's not an easy question at all the
question is is are you looking for a
solid single player experience or are
you looking for a multiplayer experience
Dragon's Dogma is a really great single
player experience and it's Friday the
13th is a good multiplayer track - he's
got a really fun world it does and great
monster fights hey what's that have to
do with the promise extent your weight I
would grade it - you could have a 10
I'll tell you what I'll tell you what
are we gonna drag ins Dogma okay thank
you
um can buy the dresses Friday the 13th
that's the full price you will probably
find that you'll probably find a sale on
that and the relatively near future okay
saying good go Dragon's Dogma no no okay
that's fair
when is the Steam sale well they just
got done with their summer stay on was
this uh player on my left reminded me of
a two dollar debt that I use that's
right Fred for the for the privilege of
attending my birthday party can I just
do that with a buck anyway yeah but you
can use them I'm reading that you can
use it to go to that space Oh anytime
meeting too late I don't know alright
hey you know what I'm gonna let you
that's that's strategic yep that's full
of strangers bucks or you go or you go
or you but she could have done that
before she's a job rich to be 300 and
Dragon's Dogma is $12 on GOG so ya go
Dragon's Dogma it's gonna be fine
there's your answer $12 for Dragon's
Dogma great world an amazing boss too
though oh yeah it's only 12 yeah I guess
the thing dragons are what's the worst
board game we've ever played
that's the Morse board game you've ever
played for you know what for me it was a
it was that pandemic it's that that yeah
really different like we I just had such
a bad time playing I'm sure it's a fine
game but when I played it I had a really
bad time there's an adult I doubt I
would get much out of chutes and ladders
snakes and ladders it's a good game no
all right I made dad play Candyland with
mom to play it with me for like two
weeks
begging and finally I bribed him with a
neck
he's like I guess I can't say no now
dislike five minutes I have an answer
okay
mousetrap it it's a fine contraption I
don't understand why there's even a
board game built around it no yeah oh
right the only thing that mattered was
building all the stuff and watching it
you're yellow yes I don't need to pay at
the soda phone what-what-what clubs are
taken club that's the only one available
oh oh oh one two three Oh sources make a
comeback comeback time babe no what did
you say well that's it well there you go
sport
[Music]
yeah we just don't like it face down a
very long time and you know Chet I'm
sure pandemic is a good board game it's
it's a collaborative board game and we
just happen to be playing with someone
who was so into the strategy that
basically he made the decisions for
everyone and they were all the correct
decisions so you don't want to not do
them but then basically we weren't
playing we were just listening to
someone so I had a bad experience I'm
sure pandemic is a fine game I'm sorry
if pandemic is your favorite game ever
we're good sorry I was checking tips too
don't wait the dragon was kind of a dumb
game I don't know if you caught it as
you have a boyfriend Ken's got me it's a
very popular square is a soda fountain
and bedbugs was kind of a dumb game once
once the picking up the plastic things
with tweezers thing got away we're just
in about 2000 you're considering well
what are the odds that I'm gonna land on
that space you and I could just get the
dress out of the way you couldn't send
my head for the prom you could sit right
here did you wait what Oh
go ahead go to any square but then
there's no guarantee you'll get the two
you need to land right on that one right
you might overshoot it I think I'm going
to let us do this and instead oh that
gives you a little wiggle room
Poindexter has written a poem about me
which is printed in the newspaper you're
not steady yet he has received $10 for
it and insists on giving me half that
better be for me he's gonna use it to
buy use yes five bucks for having
Karen's boyfriend carry you gotta stop
keeping him face down Katie let's
Poindexter look at her scholarships are
useless because it's just about
education and clearly that doesn't
matter one prize or worse Oh God but so
complain this is so you'd have to get
another one yeah next turn you over the
dress or not you have to roll the one in
the next term or you're not a surprise
guard Oh or or the surprise cutter card
it's your choice you get one of the
squares um I'm gonna go ahead and try to
roll the one that's the next turn okay
okay all right
oh that's dangerous living dangerous but
I mean I think that's I think that's the
safe bet I bet you the surprise was good
the dress of your choice
Oh Oh
do you have $50 to get yourself solo in
the spotlight yeah she's gonna snipe you
35 that's my dress seven 38 39 41 so I'd
have to take an IOU but I'd get a
guaranteed dress now but it's not the
dress I want but you're also going for
the blue dress so one of the spotlight
is in my mind the second best or or I
can go here maybe you could trade
dresses later at least you'd have one in
the bag I mean what are the odds that
Karen's gonna roll a one realistically
you could you could go hearings and then
rolling that doesn't have a roll again
but that gives me an extra ten bucks
yeah that does so that would also mean I
could go back to the black dress and not
have an IOU or you could get an IOU and
get that one if you're all along exactly
yeah penis oh you so one two Fashion
Show I earn ten bucks Jack you're a kind
of a tit why you're kind no I want that
blue dress taking the dress she's going
for he's going for the dress I'm going I
need to roll for and get there before
you that's basically what needs to
happen what - okay we're neck-and-neck
but I get another 10 bucks we're neck
and neck but it's not the dress I want
exactly my name is Dana I want a pretty
blue dress I mean that's that's too
classy for me I wanted to be more
summery let it Club plans and outing
remember you pay a buck one you know
somebody would wear and run oh right and
how are you gonna move and dance in that
thing you know what about
evening I mean it's really Poindexter
it's not like Poindexter can dance
oh yeah this is something that you would
wear to like tea with the Queen that's
way too much you know you know I do I'm
like a dollar short thanks to you that
was a genuine squeal from Karen okay so
now here it is if I get it to I get my
pretty blue dress if I roll over I'm
screwed if I get a one you might get
taken from me
we need that too we need that too we
need then to bitch if I get up and go up
here you guys promise not to do anything
nasty to my money do anything here we
wanted money
I'm just something nasty to your
boyfriend not a terribly faithful
boyfriend right I mean he already wrote
a poem about me go through this way I'm
so out of your way okay there we go
everything's fixed everything's fine
okay action zine or I'm either caught in
the rain I either get to go home and get
another five bucks or one two three four
or go to date time which doesn't do me
any good damn it
well date-time would bring you further
back so that you could write well
daytime would end at a surprise possibly
but I'm just gonna go home we get that
five bucks and try to make my way around
again
god dammit thank you
rabble rabble rabble rabble all right
now I need a two for dressed is still
available all ooh yeah all right I'm
gonna it's a race and race for the dress
it's a race for that blue dress that's
the pretty blue dress oh you have a
boyfriend right now we wait now we wait
for Karen that's that
how we how we feel about the Barbie game
I'm loving it right I kind of like it
it's simple but it's it's by the way
it's giving us a ton of laughs oh yeah
old-school sexism and you know I love
games that like just tell you what to do
whenever you land up I'm still just in
shock that we're playing this why why
you got to go where the night takes you
yeah yeah I'm glad that I had it in my
truck and then it randomly came up in
conversation this is this is how it
works you know like no offense to Orion
Trail or organ trail but this was
clearly the better option I think so I'm
not going on eBay right now to look up
those listings barbie game complete
Oh notice we are playing the Barbie game
queen of the prom that's great we caught
up on tips we are caught up on tips
that's great that's great no one else
has seen Wonder Woman yet so we can't
really chat a million woman I watched I
watched the half in the bag on it just
to see Mike and Jays take yeah yeah
they're like everyone's basically saying
the same thing which like it's good well
it's got some problems but it overall
it's really good which is true like I I
disagree with them a little bit on the
on the third acts it's it's weak it's
the weakest part of the movie but I
don't know what happens in the third act
well isn't anything like a disgusting
fight scene hey there's a big CG fight
scene yeah and so like it's kind of out
of place but it's a very good movie I
was reading today I was talking a little
bit about like the great action scene it
a Wonder Woman has one of the greatest
action scenes I've seen in any modern DC
and apparently some executives at Warner
Brothers wanted to remove this amazing
action scene that was right in the
middle of Wonder Woman that everyone
agrees is the best part of and some dumb
executives trying to remove it and
luckily patty Jenkins said hey this is
important what the fight scene yeah the
greatest action sequence in the movie in
any DC movie that I've seen recently
it's and and apparently she had to fight
to keep it in which just makes it extra
it's my turn some have said that
Schneider might have an outside space
what do you mean you need to go spend
either going to eat oh you go to the
football game yes yes yeah we'd have to
pay a dollar but you know all right I'll
pay a dollar and I'll go to the football
game and then we're gonna make it
official make it official oh is it what
that two-timer
Karen you're too good for him you know
he doesn't deserve you
you know the poll
he wrote about me I didn't say it was a
good poem nice nothing about what a jerk
I yeah that's true that's true
you're smelly and ugly and mean you look
like a dork in your jeans then you gave
her five dollars money he got for it to
try to butter her up because she was so
mad so player to my left yes under your
chair
oh I owed you it I have a $2.00 debt to
Karen okay okay dollars great we don't
see the board on the TV anymore it's
over there now I move it so we can see
read the chat yeah that's good I like
seeing it on the big screen so I know
where my hands is there you go perfect
okay great I just went rock and roll
rock and roll aah remote control aah
surprise the boy next door has finally
got his chill off being a front he gives
me a rhyme is that like a car so obvious
I got a broken-down old car yeah he
gives me a ride I pass home once and
collect allowances car breaks down again
at school entrance in collect alone yeah
I'm assuming you have to go to school
yeah I think so
[Music]
I'll school is a punishment and I love
it
but I'm like I guess also thematically
it makes sense what's like you know kids
don't generally like school like oh
bomber I gotta go to school so your
allowance has been increased $1 for the
rest of the game six blocks damn dawg
that's a heck of a surprise alrighty
let's see what we got here three you
have 300 you skip class go back one
space actually the first space so three
neighbor boy gives me a lift to any
space fashion show oh my god I got seven
bucks I got a second chance at a dress
and a fat ten bucks I got I got weight
to my next turn to roll but oh man I can
feel it I can feel it
teachers meeting I may go to date time
or home why don't date a oh wait that's
too far okay I'll go home oh man it's
getting real guys it's getting really
real rich has a dress
he has his I get such box okay I mean
rich you don't have a steady boyfriend
right now right I know yes you know what
sherry so like I'm just I'm just
updating everyone on the current
situation rich needs a boyfriend and to
get to the to prom location I need to
get the prom location basically is
basically furthest in the game and just
she needs to pay off for IOU but I have
enough money to do it do you want to do
that you always take a new IOU I'm gonna
leave
right now under me to me and I can pay
it then just because it's easier to pay
minor debts and what I've done as soon
as I oh and I'm so Karen Karen the blue
space needs to make it here and she's
golden let's dance dress - what are you
teachers meeting you may go to date time
or home date time is here you want to go
to day time so you have to enter you may
roll again and enter you don't have to
so you can just go I just other stay at
date time and now yes okay Oh Karen is
dangerously close unless I can get that
dress or unless she needs to pay a debt
that's right yeah I'm taking Ken's ass
to prom so not only do I get the dress
that I like the least I also have to pay
the most foreign yeah I don't want mine
was kind of expensive but so worth it
yeah but mine is expensive and not worth
it yes surprise
Poindexter has written a poem about you
which is printed in the newspaper he
gets received ten dollars for it and
insists on giving you have that
Poindexter oh I thought you were going
steady what we're gonna have to have a
little talk Poindexter
I appreciate your artistic leanings but
you need to write poems about me right
okay again he could just be really catty
sure Yeah right you're an ugly schmuck
like a duck
okay I think you should say you bitch
then you slap me
right you're a bitch Oh
my turn oh yeah he just got a surprise
yeah oh yeah all right all right here we
go this is Karen she needs to make it
but for the rest of us we need her to
pick up a debt first one two three four
you need a gift for Mother's birthday go
to the sweet shop you ain't going from
everybody jack is on the verge of
winning yeah Barbra for now now see I'm
here I'm here and I need to make it all
the way around to the prom space now cuz
I have my pretty dress
I'm the drama club president and you
have enough money that a debt won't yab
and I have Kansas up here date time I'm
just gonna hang out for daytime soda
fountain but I have a boyfriend ever
wonder what it'd be like to be him to be
an adult man no no I think it would be
terribly boring I was an adult man for a
while I had real jobs I know I did stuff
I hated it I absolutely hated it
and I wanna grow up I don't wanna wear
it a serious expression that's it I it's
weird
what up collared shirts it's growing up
means it would be beneath my dignity to
climb a tree to do you were out late no
I need the money well in a couple of
times you can go in - chance - no but I
gotta get around I gotta go to prom
before Jack does rich is using a tiny
yoda for his piece we only had three
pieces so there are a couple of riches
you
there yeah yeah Jack it's your turn
there are no age recommendations on the
box for this game according I saw
someone earlier according to
BoardGameGeek they say six and up it
says a fun game with real-life appeal
for all girls even girls at heart and
many boys 3 - beach party
if you have no boyfriend go to
introductions but I do have a boyfriend
me and Ken at the beach getting a tan
before the prompts yeah
hey there Ken let's go and dance a
neighbor gives me a lift to any outside
space yeah you're surprised I am offered
$10 from my old bike which is too small
for me collect so so when is prom prom
like I'm this white piece here if I can
make it to this space I think going to
prom
yeah but then like all of these are bad
I think or except for this one like this
this is a skip one turn this is a roll
again oh so you don't have to go to
school if oh a feeling on this one you
have to go to dad's car oh yeah know the
neighbor boy loves to give us rides oh
yeah I'm not saying how we're paying for
these ride was the sixties roll again to
enter chance to earn which you need
money
I do especially because you didn't get
allowance cuz you were out late
something bad could happen to Jay watch
stopped
oh yeah no there's a lot of more things
I can happen you entered a ten thousand
dollar Limerick contest and won
five bucks five bucks in I entered a
$10,000 contest and I won five bucks
yeah what is with that it wasn't a very
good Limerick join the club only got
five bucks - but you know what we we
tried and I think that's all that really
you're out of luck your limericks suck
all right here we go here we go one two
three four one of the spaces in between
say what are the possibilities okay you
need a gift for Mother's birthday go to
the sweet shop we don't want that dad's
cars parked here you may get a lift home
I may so that's a good one to land
unsurprised it would be a good one you
left your purse at the snack bar go back
where's the snack bar oh that would take
me way over there and prom so like but
you can't get fun it only goes up to
four right yeah one two three four so so
I'm hoping for a 50/50 chance of Bettis
hoping for a 2 or a 3 2 or a 3 here come
on wouldn't dice - dad's car is partly
here I made a little going still going
strong $1.00 for club dues Bob Bob ah
nice Naga Dee's this football thing
anytime is that was that what we're
going with
uh yeah yeah sure aye sir I would say
let's let him go ahead and use it okay
okay we're gonna move your thing to the
football now worth it we're thing I know
I'm in this race oh shit so rich has got
a dress he's the president of a club and
now he has a steady boyfriend
everybody's in it except me now cuz I
need a stupid dress and you took the
good long I did I don't regret it
because it's beautiful you made
artificial flowers and earned three
bucks
Joerg amanda says my boyfriend forgot
his wallet on our date to the burger
stand so i had to pay the $2 check
myself jones amun i was giving us a date
story so my boyfriend forgot his wallet
on our data to the burgers and so I you
know trying to get a couple bucks on you
you've grown is only for rich girls
there are no hand-me-down dresses that's
true or like I may be like you know get
rid of school and go to like sewing
class and you could sew your own dress
something like that women so right that
was the domestic sciences class right
all right one or three one or three
that's what we're hoping for here one or
three
what about was for get you four means I
overshoots OH
or I can go up boyfriend lates oh yeah
this is important this is important make
this a bit too difficult sexist and
classist yeah
okay this is very important we're
checking the rule got to do right gotta
do right while you roll first you see
what you got and see what you get this
day is great okay okay so so I need a 1
a 3 or a 4 1 3 or 4 you can make one of
those with a table saw and what are your
odds of getting a 2 on this thing there
are some things to twos there's a third
chance 1/3 chance oh okay god damnit
boyfriend isn't always disappearing one
turn all but I'm on my way
I'm on my way to prom you ken ken going
all the way I finally get a dress 65
bucks to get the ugly dress yeah so you
get like a mink with that too like
that's a look at that that's a fancy ass
dress so we're all in the running now
we're all in the running body diversity
going on with these girls here Barbie is
Barbie known for body diversity not so
much
unless we want to count the fact that's
another couple of weird features like
you could pull a string at a tox I had
one where you pushed a button at its
back and it wouldn't move its head
forward and kiss Kenda's doing a little
inflation that just cost you five
hundred and thirty and I don't even like
it
haha five hundred and thirty three
dollars thank you who were rich clearly
all right jack oh no no no no yeah it's
good come on rich come on rich
oh no I land on the pretty dress squared
it's a great dress it's even called the
Bloods dance yeah I know yeah it's great
dress girlfriend gives you a lift in her
car
you may go to any outside spot
oh man look at that look at that rich
just made totally losing this game I'm
not in great shape right now either this
is getting nuts ever we need to get
around the board this is real - but you
have a boyfriend so so you're good so
you're good okay all right here it is
here it is here it is a 1 is it's my
lucky day I get to roll again a 2 is I
have to go back to dad's car back here 3
I'm the queen of the prom okay okay
so I assume for I'm also queen of the
problem okay here we go here we go oh oh
I got a ride in my girlfriend's car you
go to any outside Oh
all right I'm making this yeah oh three
two lucky they roll again
[Applause]
slang I mean you are queen of the prom
[Laughter]
thank you you are the prettiest you did
it rich you're hard-working school paid
oh all right let's let's all tab all on
over - it's at watcher thank our lovely
subscribers because there's no coming
back there's no no this is before before
we get to that thank you for sharing
this ok so this is the point in the
stream in which we thank all of the
people who subscribe to us during this
dream much like Mel ak47 who says 5
months of my life I'll never get back
here's to another 5 dzeko sex with the
sub D budget Messiah for 13 months in a
row or says Wow that 13th month flew
right by clean the one ring who's not
you know not the prom queen I am the
prom queen reaches the prom queen says
25% of the way until my month start to
count yes someone talked to Amazon about
getting auto resub going right that
would be nice it would be a version of
The Wandering that has the Lord's Prayer
in elvish hold it a little bit closer
yeah there you go
ah are you a lord of the Rings fan I
think it was nothing better earlier it's
more of an Elvish fan yeah yeah alright
enjoy the movies but I haven't read
books
Wow waru
Kim Eid de su says long time hack fraud
first time subscriber thanks to prime
video Thank You Amazon Jarrell ballin
lost in Technicolor for 35 fucking
months in a row my hype man is back its
ma'am well since I think I says I hope
you've enjoyed all my cash you frauds
finna mine for 16 months say Laurie 7
says 9 months really spy
derman 67 says oh my god it's like a
symphony oz Mike 429 fuckin Monsanto
excuse us Katie please fudging special
fudging talking how much how much corn
could Jack Jack if I'd acted Chuck corn
of more than Jack could chuck because
Jack doesn't Chuck no corn shucks shucks
but he does truck it I currently have up
chocolate agonised
candle Oh Oh what says a man keeps on
stealing my soup to give his dog and I
like soup but I can't keep making it
because he just steals it to give to his
dog
my mother's dog stole soup off the stove
while she was heated up upon two legs
laughing it out of the pan he's like he
didn't burn as a face the real nut boy
for 14 months in a row says this one
goes out to the chat you are the best
and make an old man
like me feel young again magical Elvis
delvis 4:35 fuzzy monster Robin
Dom DeLuise says to fudging months in a
row keep up the good work you hacks
gonzo the great em tilts says hi yippee
Yeti is subbed for Barbie
Darmok talk says thanks thank you thanks
for being awesome Wow I can read
congratulations did you go to school I
went to school was it useless yes yes I
didn't I didn't I didn't get to be prom
queen until I dropped out of school
that's true and I found a boyfriend well
you found a job first I think that and
that was what babysitting running poem
neither dress me the right dress you're
right you're right Darth herb mr.
shields II it says he you talkin yin
says what I know it says hi subscribe
for Poindexter that's mine
that free timer that poem writing mother
fudger let's see here mr. ace there's a
mr. achi like Liberace and team Lincoln
says thanks for thanks for the laughs
and great entertainment you fuckers
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
it's true we really need everybody wave
goodbye bye-bye
we're touching hands where's the button