Episode 806
E3 2017... this should have been posted earlier
July 26, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hpwiP_eUhRg
___________________________________________

hi everybody oh hello Kowalski well
hello hello everybody what a man they
watch video on III yeah what yes you are
foreign man who wants video on III okay
a couple things we need to do rich first
we're gonna stop playing Friday the 13th
should we've done that well we're gonna
stop playing it here now we're gonna say
I say III 2017 three exclamation points
great why three exclamation points
because that's when it's real hey three
huh three three exclamation points oh
that's an even better thing rich that's
an even better thing I was just thinking
like you know you have one exclamation
point then then it's like okay
exclamation you have two exclamation
points that looks kind of dumb and
anything over three and then it's just
overkill right and it's like redundant
at that point that's what I say at least
symbols are very important symbols are
very important just ask the Freemasons
they apparently hide symbology for their
secret organization all over the place
it's true all right here's our display
capture which is working out great
this isn't gonna help us though cancel
what we want is see your new display
capture okay know didn't used to be able
to just capture part of it a window like
a window cropping yeah don't worry guys
we're gonna figure this out it's been a
while since we've done this but we're
gonna figure this out we're going to
talk about e3 and I think we're gonna
start a spider-man because rich hasn't
seen the spider-man trailer and so we're
gonna watch to the motherfucking
spider-man trailer you know what fuck it
how about this we're just gonna we're
just going to go over here
spider-man he 3 gameplay' what the fuck
oh we also need to update chatty thank
you for reminding me whoever just tipped
you reminded me that we need to update
chatty boom oh this might be it alright
then we'll just go fullscreen right and
then we'll come over here come on
goddammit get out oh okay everything's
everything sucks rich everything sucks
boom there we go and now we go full
screen and hey that works great
alright we're gonna watch the spider-man
trailer and just one second but first I
need to update chatty huge ad man and oh
oh settle down you settle down was the
Hat what are we supposed to hashtag in
our title you guys remember when we
talked about this the other day if we
hey if you hashtag like III then it will
if you hashtag III then a little thing
will show up under our thing and people
can buy a digital ticket and the
proceeds go to charity digital - what -
III I don't quite understand sure sure I
don't quite understand that's not all we
need
hashtag disappointment 3 you got you
guys are not helping at all I just need
to let you guys know that
here we go nope nope get in there get in
there get in there nope never mind
you know what fuck it never mind how
about that fucking never mind
hashtag III is what I'll do or whatever
hashtag that's when we call it rich
I'm just waiting to watch this do a
trailer that's all I'm waiting for
update and go okay everything's updated
now everything's fine everything's fine
now everything's great so rich this is
the trailer for the new spider-man game
okay yeah this is the spider-man game
you don't like his outfit no I hate a
spider-man game I absolutely hate it you
hate his out yes
but we're gonna watch it we're gonna
watch the trailer now and we're gonna
make sure you guys can hear it it's
gonna be great this is Rich's live
reaction he has not seen this trailer
yet
Yuriy I'm here what do you find the rest
boss wasn't dead
looks like the demons are moving in on
Fisk's territory you got I got this
so it's our haha okay who had who had 20
seconds who had rich figuring it out in
20 seconds
yeah yeah they're going they're going
full Batman Arkham gameplay which I mean
makes perfect sense
yeah which makes perfect perfect sense
what he's got a little okay got little
ready gadgets he's got a little webby
gadgets rich
this territory is ours now today hate
the suit but this is 1000% Arco oh yeah
absolutely
but I mean that could be kind of bad ass
like that combat right there could be
pretty badass the the Ark Encounter
that's that was like tailored for the
spider-man spiders exactly I want to say
we've talked about that before making a
spider-man with the arkham combat system
exactly
Wilson Fisk can
that's exciting Lex Luthor dcau voice no
oh no for a second for a second for a
second me I mean this whole thing has
kept in kinda game play has been game
play like you know if you see here you
can see there like a little reticle you
can choose where to shoot your webs very
similar to the Batman grapple mechanic
but presumably you could do it anywhere
all this spider-man is doing stuff
that'll be the big question is how much
stuff are you doing and how much is
QuickTime events but and you know Batman
Arkham kind of rode that line right
between gameplay and QuickTime event it
felt natural
some quick time event as it was rhythm
the game yeah let's see like they're
like you can see them glowing red so
that's obviously the counter or dodge or
whatever yeah and so no no this looks
I'm fairly high Arkham combat is part
brawler part Dance Dance Revolution yes
no and I think that's the most perfect
description and that's why I laugh and I
love it is there no actual web-swinging
well yeah it comes out
generic energy powers electro electro
yeah now they is the black group around
it could be their take on electro that
could be Elon Musk
could be they could take on Elon Musk
yeah they're saying it's mr. negative
whomever that is no idea mr. negative
sorry
neither do I
yeah yep
nothing I love more than fake gameplay
I have QuickTime events who likes quick
time events but then here here it looks
like we might get some actual website
name which could be more of a crux of
actual gameplay you know the question is
how much of this is cutscene and how
much is actual web-swinging how much you
can control the web stream lots of
questions but that combat and that
crawling around our canoe system looks
pretty neat
looks pretty neat I would say cutscene
but every once in a while you'll see
like a little white reticle and so it's
like ma'am maybe Anna who knows 20
percent hi I'll accept 20 percent hype
the cutscenes you know yeah yeah
I might be I might be over the halfway
point I might be had like 55% hype to
60% height if I can get some cool
spider-man combo I want to I want to
punch I want to be spider-man and I want
to punch bad guys man you fix the
costume at ghosts of 30 I don't mind a
costume cutscene yeah this right here is
a whole lot of shit yep
there's a whole lot of you hitting the
button every now and then while I cut
scenes going on pipe dead seven seven
five oh no someone helps the pipe
someone help it one one and it's doves
you're all which you converse in height
which is done well oh that's a great
cutscene that made you head buttons
every now and then but before that rich
it looked like a mediocre Arkham game
but with spider-man with an ugly costume
you can change the posture I'm sure you
can change the costume
I'm sure you can change chasm a I'm
super high 55 60 percent hype for me oh
I actually didn't see that part before
that was Miles Morales that was Miles
Morales rich aka also spider-man I have
I have read 0 issues maybe we can be
mine so I am having 0% I know miles that
that could be fun being miles because he
has in his ability powers he can turn
invisible rich yeah yeah what else we
got where do we go from here ok so what
else did Sony have what we're you know
we'll just take it one at a time so like
to me that was the big deal with Sony is
there anything that chat needs to see
from Sony's press conference right did
you see did you hear that undertale is
coming to the ps4 and Vita so what right
that's a big fatso what Oh what I'm all
within rich I'm already with you neck to
God of War oh that's right you know what
we can watch here real quick
rich may not care about this when you
just type in III 2017 and then we'll
just switch out what's after that all
the time instead of like typing in the
whole thing
oh sure that makes sense that makes
sense
20 this is oh this is exactly I was
going to search for another HD remake
there's this flat-out sequel
I don't know wait what
I think it's just an HD remake they
already had an HD remake of this this is
HD or did they already have an HD remake
on the ps3 oh they're saying that was a
remaster and this is a remake what as
soon as I saw this I knew so this is so
I tell me they completely rebuilt this
from the ground up using a new engine
this is a total remake total ground-up
remake really that reeks of desperation
I mean it looks gorgeous looks gorgeous
so uh so I presume giant chicken dog cat
didn't sell as well as they'd like
so they said fuck it we'll just use that
engine will remake the one people like
doesn't look too clean referred to be
art blurry to get that art in there any
thoughts a shadow the class is super
remake have you played chatter the
classes besides that little bit I'm
sorry this is one for you to talk about
that's I mean obviously I think it's a
beautiful and wonderful game this might
be a nice opportunity for you to play
shadow the classes because you haven't
really played it not enough fog they see
more fog like I there is a tunt there's
a ton of like remakes remasters and old
stuff on new software and a lot of that
I just don't care about right Jack
remakes are dangerous you can destroy
what makes the original appealing that's
very true then you just then you just
stick to the original and don't sweat it
well good and there is a there is just a
ton of there's just a ton of remakes
like we were talking like like undertale
coming to ps4 and it's like that's been
out for how long now I was coming to ps4
so what suppose something crackers to
study mentioned was it can act to what
snack I have no idea what neck you know
what neck one is hey let's look it up we
have the internet knack to nope that's
not the answer button alright alright
and then we turn that on
oh it's gonna play an ad sorry everybody
get out of here add this is the thing we
you are already playing an ad why is
there an ad on top of your ad okay
here's the trailer neck - this is the
he's oh he said nectar he's head nak - I
don't know what nak is so I don't
necessarily care that there's an act -
and whatever it is amen what is this
I'm impressed
little trick I taught
yeah it's from someone who used to be
really a naughty dog I'm assuming it's
from their Jack today's sure so this is
like a spiritual successor to jak and
daxter never be like my presumption sure
okay
I I cannot care about this I don't know
what this is and I don't care about yeah
and I'm sorry if you're super into back
to but I just don't care about that I'm
not saying it looked terrible I'm just
saying I didn't like I was trying for
something there right sir I was like and
the hype levels are low this was this on
this one no you know actually you know
what I did not see I did not see the
horizon zero dawn DLC trail you won't
watch that I'm sure something using what
you're looking at like things we know
like oh the horizon dawn I know that
it's pie-der-man I know that is there
anything like it's like a new property
that's interesting we shouldn't be
discounting things is we don't know what
they are that's true that's true rich
well you know we'll look into that after
we watch the horizon zero dawn trailer
first DLC let's see what we've got here
see what we got
so the space cop oh that's a gorilla
games that's the gorillas logo space cap
yeah and the future here the future
those need to seek the glory of the
heart to challenge themselves
in a land like no other but they never
find glory only death I'm not here for
glory I'm here for the mountain for
answers then you must face the Beast of
the gods it
storm beast talk about knack more we
can't I'm really sorry
oh that's it that's it I was actually
actually thought they might give us a
little more information than that was
over oh yeah I guess I don't really need
much I really liked horizon zero dawn do
you need like so I'm okay just getting
more of that getting more horizon zero
dawn okay so let's uh look very happy
I liked it it was fine it's fine I wish
I could aim with the mouse right I
remember I remember that far too much
aiming for me to be comfortable with a
controller sure sure
super hot is going to PlayStation VR
does that matter to you though what's
matter fall should we look that up well
let's look up matter fall because that
launches August's alright I've literally
all what we're doing is we're looking up
a list of everything that was announced
matter fall what's matter fall here we
go this is exactly one minute long this
is not going to give us a lot of
information but fuck it
PEGI 12 Oh who's Peggy 12 they've done
stuff
PEGI 12 that is a joke
that isn't you and your face is so worth
it oh well I know Peggy 13
okay so it's much right
with new guns it looks super metroid
with new guns which I'm totally okay
with ps4 for the players done mainly
enough to be Strider that's got that
look to it no it's alright
that looked like a fun that looked like
a neat game no hey no cancel how to play
get out and get it right out of town
alright what else we got here what else
we got here that's you rich it's coming
free to PlayStation Plus subscribers
let's look up that's you because I'm
sure that's gonna be the big hit I'm
sure that's gonna be awful do you want
to watch a Monster Hunter trailer do you
care about that because that's what's
playing next
damn alright
what presentation is this from Sony see
the big PlayStation thing over here see
it see it rich on the screen there's a
lot of junk on the screen that's true
this is Japanese what gave that away in
the oversized sword is it the isn't the
ridiculous or good we'll get to we're
just doing the PlayStation one right now
we're just gonna go through all the
PlayStation 1 and then we'll go through
the one Xbox game that was announced and
then we'll do a Nintendo oh sure yeah I
suppose yeah there's that whole Bethesda
had I had an interesting and the PC game
show had some had some neat has some
neat stuff first the monsters let's see
here let's see we got here we got a
brick Yeager who says Jack I just wanted
to let you know you're the one true prom
princess and that sweet-ass dress was
beautiful could we get more board game
streams please the Star Wars rebellion
game sounds nice yes we can't get more
board game streams we just need people
to show up gobbledygook says that things
at e3 27 that gave me a boner in order
of e splooge
eNOS of the crew to anthem Beyond Good
and Evil tube Pathfinder kingmaker far
cry 5 Tropico 6 destiny to super mario
odyssey i love games this is price and
zero dumb without robots but i guess
it's always what Monster Hunter was I'm
not yeah I think that's super familiar
with the series
I tried they they had a free demo of a
monster hunter game for the DS and I put
a couple hours into it and I'll be
honest with you I still have no idea
what was going on yeah like the demo let
you play in one area for a couple hours
and yeah it's it's a lot of from from
the little bit I've played from it it
seems like you know the fighting is cool
but 98% of the game is like cooking
stuff getting new engine
or just managing your inventory and then
you fight a monster every once in a
while I could be completely wrong I just
played a free demo but that was my
interpretation of the free demo
it's a steep learning curve yeah that's
what they're saying oh yeah and they're
saying yep Mazda hunter is a lot of
grinding yeah yep it could be neat
I mean you hunt monsters look at that
got a big ridiculous sword Oh what you
can have a machine gun apparently you
can have a machine gun rich yeah I bet
that was an inside joke I'm betting on a
spit I bet I bet that was some sort of
inside joke oh if they're saying it's
coming to PC also that's that's extra
nice that's extra nice gobbledygook says
also I went to e3 in 2003 as a freelance
writer for IGN to cover ever quest - and
I saw World of Warcraft revealed and
thought it was a wannabe game that would
never make it
way to go gobbledygook glad III is
public again great okay what else we got
here in Sony Oh what we're gonna look up
that's you that's right we're gonna look
up that's you I was gonna be terrible
yeah that's you you're the one who said
let's just look up stuff oh I know I
know this is gonna be some kind of like
PlayStation camera game what do they
call that the IDE toy she is making this
for the Aitu
first things first this is a game like
no other here the only thing you need to
know is each other okay it has it has
smartphone integration oh so it's apples
to apples
one of you needs to take a photo to
someone else and then we can get started
yeah I can see you know party games the
party games are alright nothing wrong
with a party game huh making stuff this
kind of shoot is important rich they're
true they're trying to they're trying to
get make more excuses to get the console
in front of other people's faces right
nope okay okay I'm sorry they're trying
to get the console in front of more
faces and so you have the party have a
card a game yeah everyone could take
pictures with this mutt phone and then
grandma goes home and says I played the
game you need the PlayStation a phone
app right playstation seems redundant in
this equation well yeah that's fine
let's see here we looked at mad at all
that that was that's you everybody's
golf
I don't think we need to look that up
spark we don't have a psvr Tropico 6
have you ever played any of the Tropico
games no great
let's see here days gone let's see what
days gone is we're just going down the
list
sounds like a walking dead spin-off
sorry oh maybe oh I see a guy with a gun
uh you might be right this could be a
zombie game this could be a zombie game
PEGI 18 I wonder if they have anything
to do with the Piggy 12 I remember like
as there's a lot of piggies it was like
the the UK branch that's what I was
thinking of by the way well okay that's
what I was thinking of is Peggy 18
they've got you sent many in the supply
right Sean
yeah can't hear this riveting dialogue I
don't have the clicker
hey he's driving a motorbike what he's
driving one of them motorcycles motor
clothes cycles look at that that's fun I
guess
all right
yep
that's a fast wolf mute oh oh you fucked
up dickhead rich who needs real combat
when you can just have bought new drugs
this is way more cinematic now oh wow
John alright we haven't even seen the
zombies yet rich we haven't even seen
here oh okay well oh wait was that a
zombie no those are just dead bodies
okay walking walking for walking I'm
getting there I'm going okay well maybe
over here there's a town of attenti now
ever need another naughty dog game in my
life I don't hold on wait I thought I
saw something that mutant bear
mutant bear rich no - mr. rich there was
a giant mutant bear that's what we got
all right we're great getting all these
down days gone we already did month--is
sir hunt already did Marvel vs. Capcom
you're gonna know what that is right
they just oh yeah you just skipped
everything cool we just skipped
everything that was cool jack about the
game which is funny because it was the
cool cutscene where you hit this
triangle button that made me want to
skip everything look unless unless what
we skipped was cool gameplay yeah you
can go fuck yourself what it looked like
we skipped rich was him walking was him
it was him very very cool like walking
yeah that was that was dumb you probably
don't need to watch the Marvel vs.
Capcom trailer yeah everyone knows what
Marvel vs. Capcom is you don't need to I
saw the trailer because if you get the
photos your favorite superhero or Capcom
character let's do a terrible god of war
is if it's ignore terrible than last
time or what god oh yeah yeah oh oh I
think they showed some gameplay if I
remember god of war be a warrior in God
of War sign in to confirm your age what
right all the old on we got a sign in
people get warrior didn't need new god
whoopee yeah all right no I worried we
were III 20 2017 God of War boom
great great
and coming back alright
boom god of war time god of war thanks I
thought about becoming a professional
singer once and then realized that I
couldn't sing beyond one note dog of raw
oh I like that
has Jack been drinking no yeah I did I
did I've been extra caffeinated today
because I was supposed to have a
business meeting and so I was extra
caffeinated to make sure that I had all
the good ideas in my head and and then I
came here so I'm just saying I'm just
look better than normal I also had
cookies I also ate cookies today oh I
have more cookies in my backpack
truth
a long way from home aren't you
and here I thought your kind was
supposed to be so enlighten the gods of
these realms don't take kindly to
outsiders trust me when they find you
and they will they'll make things
difficult the gods of these realms there
are more gods to hunt
yeah looks like there might be something
a little bit there might actually became
play this that looks like actual good
combat yeah this could be fun
I am rows gonna make you seasick I just
hope they don't do like I hope they
don't make you like want to care about
Kratos because you know we shouldn't you
know no one who cares about radios but
he has a kid well that was something
County
on our journey we will be attacked by
all manner of creature
to be effective in combat a war must not
feel for his enemy close your heart to
the desperation close your heart to
their suffering the road ahead is long
and unforgiving no place for a boy that
could be nice having your weak-ass kid
around that could make it interesting
like you know you're a super badass but
you also I can't let your kid die that
could be interesting
it was better than the last a3 the last
thing the last III trailer didn't give
us much to go on this at least is giving
us some gameplay absolutely the last one
everything looks scripted now we're up
to 50% yep
or
listen it--like I understand that escort
missions can can be tedious right when
they are when they are a side part of of
the main gameplay but if you could
tailor the gameplay around the score
rising oh why do people hate the
escorting and Dead Rising I liked it
right because then you have to balance
it wasn't an instant game over it wasn't
really a game over but you could fail
the story with like one or two of them
that were like storyline related but
everyone you saved in the game which is
like bonus experience and if they died
just keep going well but if the game I
guess what I'm saying is if the gameplay
is tailored around keeping your kid
alive right then they might be going for
that balance of you listen you can't die
you can be a super badass but you need
to be more tactical more strategic cool
I think it's the instant game over that
ruins it for a lot of people you you
lose the game there's something through
the AI getting murdered sure I like I
said that shitty I think it's I think
it's more this is completely different
than the rest of the game like people
don't like that like one mission out of
20 I can't do the thing that I've been
doing for the rest of the game I've got
a world where are we got a ward to trow
there's more Detroit become human do you
care about that okay destiny - you don't
care about that and we already watch
spider-man that's Sony great yeah that's
a long way to go Jim what a long way to
go this is what we got is what we're
doing oh you wanted to I want to see X
come - lets go - you know what let's get
your height meter up how about that yeah
let's build up that old height meter
first one first first ones there first
and shows the reveal trailer I don't
know if that's different from the
cinematic trailer well this one has 20
more seconds and so I'm
going to assume that it's better here it
is everyone this is an advertisement
everyone in front of an advertisement
Wow that law breakers looks fun though
okay here it is X come to DLC
you're not supposed to be here
if only you knew the truth
better artists
there were three resistance groups that
we consider a legitimate threat to
Advent together they'd make one hell of
a fighting force too bad they hate each
other so you do exist
they were sent here to
are safe here
a lot of cinematic but if any this
actually
zombies yeah obvious ways the aliens are
on your side and you're fighting zones
good I don't care about characters now
they're goofy alien characters I don't
care about that
is there any which is any kind of like
what they're doing gameplay with this
shit
let's go back and see total sage
overview trailer an ounce trailer
cinematic trailer chosing trailer nope
nope we got lots of cinematic trailers
rich that's all I can give you all I can
give you is cinematic trailers which
developers stage overview what the fuck
is that
ah I don't like this oh wow
just in case I don't trust this one I
don't trust this one at all
okay okay we go on sis
this is fine this is a legitimate thing
Jake Salomon well so the goal with this
game really was to make something
massive so we added a ton of new enemies
lots of new soldier classes new
environments story strategy systems just
tons of new toys for players to engage
with I understand that it's even larger
than any of the ones you've done
previously yeah easily twice the size of
the previous XCOM expansion it is it is
massive well let's go ahead and start
talking about some content that's in
there who are the chosen the chosen
right you saw them they starred in the
trailer so they were designed to be the
ultimate enemies of XCOM they are three
almost champions of the alien army and
they have three very distinct
personalities and three very distinct
fighting styles and the player is gonna
get to know those very well because over
the course of a whole game they're gonna
fight each of those chosen multiple
times and the chosen just like the
player they get stronger over the course
of the game they learn new skills new
abilities they even gain new procedural
strengths that the player is gonna have
to contend with so in a sense it's not
like a normal enemy where you might see
a chosen in one battle and a chosen in
the next it will be the same chosen
again and again again getting new
strengths that's right that's right and
so you just they always have something
new up their sleeve because they're
always learning sort of new tricks well
you mentioned the personalities of the
different shows and it walked me through
who the chosen are and what these
strengths and weaknesses might be yeah
so for example there's the assassin and
she her personality is tied up in duty
and honor she feels very honor bound to
serve her masters her creators and she
does that of course by hunting down ex
common and killing soldiers you know a
natural expression of identity we're
bringing back some familiar elements
from earlier games yes and so but
combat wise she's a mix of stealth and
close quarters combat so she can vanish
from sight and she uses that to get in
close on the soldiers and use her blade
so like the other chosen she's very
powerful and she has a sort of unique
fighting style that the player has had
before and we've talked about this new
obstacle in the form of the chosen you
know mission the assassin rather -
there's a hunter that's more of a
long-range sniper yeah
and then we have the Warlock which is
you know a warlock they all have very
unique skillsets and so it's these
enemies yes what about the new tools
that players have in order to try to
overcome this obstacle of the chosen yes
so as we saw in the trailer in war the
chosen you're interesting out there and
like like the chosen would you would you
say it's different than other X
combining trying new things first they
have to win those factions over very
heavily racks s2 the three the most
powerful soldiers we've ever created so
we're taking a look at the Reaper right
now what's been in place right the
Reapers so they are sort of spell the
marksmen and saboteurs then we have we
don't know defectors from the and then
we have the Templars and they're the
most mysterious of the factions they are
psionic Wow Wow well differently because
the actions of damo boss characters not
so much that they can been unleashed in
more devastating ability of like a mini
resource management mechanic
specifically for the Templar it
definitely is there's trade-offs there
whereas they gain focus you either want
to keep it with because it makes them
stronger or you can spend it on these
really powerful abilities now in the
trailer we got the chance to briefly
look at the loss and though we didn't
see them too much I wanted to get the
chance for you to talk about them a
little more now who are they right so
this comes out of the idea that the
original I'm glad that you're interested
in something you're I'm glad that you're
not asking me to skip we go back and
what you find there are the lost these
handsome I thought that everyone in the
cities died but apparently they're alive
and well they're fine yeah as you can
see they've weather the last twenty
years really well so yeah these are
heavily mutated humans and a single lost
is not going to pose much of a challenge
sure but unfortunately you don't fight
single loss they move in large swarms
and so when you go into the cities these
swarms are drawn to the sound of combat
and they never stop coming and there is
a silver lining which is that the loss
don't like aliens either so really okay
so what's the loss show up then
everybody's fighting for their lives and
I know that a big hallmark of the XCOM
games is the sort of tactical maneuvers
of the AI that in the same way you're
planning it's planning to but the lost
behave quite differently yeah they're
mindless that is so the idea is that you
have this tactical combat going on
against you versus the Advent the aliens
and then all of a sudden this horde
shows up and it throws everybody's plans
out of whack and then you can even have
maps where they are chosen lost your
fighting you admin at the same time it
makes for some very very beautiful chaos
it is okay okay what do you think about
this idea of a zombie wave coming during
your tactical battle you guys you guys
rich is excited murdering people I know
I know it's fine it's fine
Friday the 13th story great riches
height meter is now recharged let's
watch some crap what else is that like a
PC conference but you know let's look at
doomed
let's see what that's all about
doesn't super matter to us as we
currently do not have a vr thing but
it's it's also doom so you know let's
take a look at take a look at this get
out of here
what
boy this is a whole new thing yep
made solar
looks more doom oh but look at how you
have to move oh yeah look at how you
have to move I hate that is that how you
have to move it like don't you just have
a stick to move in VR games like can't
just say you get motion sick if you do
that so teleporting won't make you
motion sick bear blue I don't I don't
like that at all like you know when when
you teleported in it you have to stay in
your room
you can't walk very far unless you mean
there's a stick in the game that will
make you move
I don't know it kind of looked like to
me that I did not see the shooter move
unless they teleported no you can walk
you guys are clipping so bad sorry
we're getting excited we're getting
excited about all the other VR the
spectacle we're excited about the future
someone said we should watch the Phoenix
point trailer XCOM creators Venus
Phoenix point this new style game like
original XCOM prayer from the creator of
the original XCOM before you could even
finish your question rich
he looks silly
all right
maybe
vedat Oh No
asado I'm Julian Gollop the designer of
the original XCOM series now I'm
returning to the genre that I created
turn-based tactics will be strategy and
a terrifying alien menace in terrible
art design but maybe ok yeah
discrimination is reduced to warring
factions look the prettiest a role of a
leader of a small group of soldiers
scientists and engineers brought
together by the Phoenix project an
organization oh look how adorable that
is the Pandora virus incorporates human
and animal DNA to create horrific
mutations you will face a constantly
evolving threat that will mutate and
adapt to your tactics the intelligence
of these alien hybrids will present you
but new challenges hello a huge and
terrifying monsters that require
tactical thinking and coordination to
bring down the gist cake returns as your
strategic view with even more detail and
importance
Amyas operate under cover of a dark
microbial mist rolling across the
surface of the globe harboring all
manner of Horrors
yeah well watch that one next you'll get
all those kind of the turn-based tactics
out of the way Atlanta watching Mario
watching Mario Rabbids no names right
that's you know what because that's
turn-based tactics in my speed oh yeah I
haven't seen it yet but you don't just
all I know is my Twitter feed was
flooded for human actions control
numerous havens resources with people
wanting me to tell you about the leader
of the Phoenix group you will have to
negotiate barter
make alliances or war with these
factions in order to further your cause
with a large variety of mission
objectives just
battlefields in a dynamic world each
point will tank the genre to a whole
another level
I found his snapshot games three years
ago a year later we released our first
title the critically acclaimed chaos
reborn why why is it why is your studio
in a castle no safety studio why are you
using a lamp to look at a laptop a year
now we need your help to make it one of
the greatest tragedies facing hard times
please support our campaign and that's
what oh this is a kicks oh so this isn't
even an e3 e3 thing by the way you
dickheads like I get it that you're
excited for the game but we're talking
about e3 shit right now this isn't even
an e3 thing this is a brought to my
attention and our underhanded way oh
look at this do you see this that
someone put the YouTube video under the
XCOM 2 game for YouTube gaming they're
like I will put it XCOM 2 that's sneaky
and I don't like it they're using some
underhanded tactics here rich and I
don't like it none Jack what are you
shocked that the guy who created X come
would be using tactics Touche
I formally withdraw my complaints I know
and I'm my name is Tate says you got a
hustle and I agree you got a hustle but
come on come on man all right and you
know what let's let's make it a trifecta
Rabbids have you ever played any of the
rabbit rabbits game idea what they even
are they're horrible assholes what are
the normal rabbits game just before we
won't I've seen those ones but the first
Rabbids game that I played was almost
like a like a Wario Ware mini game for
the Wii
okay and and it was a it was a Raymond's
Raving Rabbids game and it had these
these things which in my mind are only
slightly worse than minions and nobody
likes minions I think they're I think
they're awful and they're they're the
worst but all right here you go
is there an official Nintendo one
wouldn't that be nice you know cuz I
don't want like someone just to you put
you're searching for rabbits not Reds
that might be your fault Rabin's try
Rabbids oh here we are you be sorry cuz
it's Nintendo and Ubisoft so here's an
official cuz like I basically I don't
want like to get to the end of the video
and then some asshole pops up next to
the video make a very good video and
we're already doing asshole reaction so
we don't need a third asshole reactor
you know
Oh
right
they like the gameplay could be fun I
just I just don't want like the humor
until I take a front seat because it's
the worst gameplay footage out there
somewhere
oh yeah it could be fun
you know like sim a simple tactics game
it could be yeah you heard it here first
folks rich Evans approves of Mario
Rabbids Kingdom battle I here's
something I want to well they travel II
don't randomly generate shit level isn't
what not swear the same layouts I don't
know that's like the worst case scenario
I saw this announced and I have not seen
the trailer yet did you play the
original No then we're not gonna be high
we're gonna watch this and we're just be
oh okay that's there gonna be a reaction
because neither of us are familiar with
the original probably we're wasting
wasting everybody's time well this was
part of e3 this is part of e3 rich I
have the original the originals is a
cult classic
it's just a CG trailer no gameplay oh
well I ain't got no master but I do have
your little to show me the idol
show me the Redeemer oh that's
horrifying that looks so like real his
face with his little flaps oh that's
disgusting I love it he's got a date
Swiss fucking chocolate
that jive-talking monkey everybody's
happy and an angry Pigman
this seems like a really fun movie I
can't wait to see this movie which
wouldn't you watch this look at this
this like fifth element with monkeys and
shit yes is this directed by Luc Besson
because this is great
I don't think this is amazing this is a
movie I would totally watch chat who
hears it beyond a good needle fan nobody
yeah this is valerian and the planet of
a thousand cities or the city of a
thousand planets which is it reaction is
mad they're saying never played it
I'm a fan I'm disappointed
I liked it I need this play the
Wolfenstein trail there
so reactions a little all over the place
need visuals
just as your discredit true freedom lies
beyond
agreed I also wish I knew what the game
plan was
don't ask first one I have no idea it's
it's literally sitting on a shelf at
home that I picked up as part of a
GameCube bundle at one point and I've
never played it as for chairman
character and two minutes then all of
rode one yes
Oh in that trailer yes yeah that's very
that's yes that's fair comment so that's
a luc besson show right there and we're
gonna have a sassy fun time okay I saw
Wolfenstein we'll watch a Wolfenstein
next Oh looks the water Finch Stein to
the new Colossus full reveal trailer
let's let's let's wolf incentive oh I
skipped to the end accidentally I
skipped to be into accidentally because
I meant to hit that button
PEGI 18 okay here you go Peggy is
everything your mother ordered under a
SIM card and here's a lottery ticket
just for you
I'm gonna get you out eat it off
what is this they do a very good job if
you just look like an old TV show yeah
tell you what this is fantastic trailer
visually filmmaker expected my lovelies
bad girl
welcome back around 3:00 now as markets
really exciting on America's number one
game show chairman or else
Oh
was the place with meat second seat go
Dutch treat you
the old and the wait are doomed
gotten so fat that says we're having
twins uh Franco she's been hunting for
you she's been moving heaven and earth
and today she found you you think your
hero William Joseph Glasgow
no I shoot bounces you know aim ain't
nothing wrong with that rich world's
most perfect enemy right there that's
just socially acceptable on the side you
one strawberry milkshake please oh I
hope you don't have a fire back there to
put out if so I'll come back another
time that's right Gus Baker not seasoned
teen camp counselors ain't nothing wrong
with murdering - are you what a station
one day you're coming time I see him
down there dying tried it beaver taint
the game it hurts me a little bit see
who glasses oh you're sure sir show me
your identification papers
we got about the fighting spirit back in
the American people
I was reading the chest who the fuck you
write boy stay calm
let me first make it absolutely clear
that I am NOT a Nazi when you say your
Nazi fuck this say this again I ain't no
goddamn Nazi now you bring superfish
back in and you put him down right now I
will shove this grenade so fuck your ass
up
I got precious little time for your
bullshit we've been trying to make
contact with your group we're organizing
for a revolution in America we
for the longest time I've been hearing a
story here look at his arm I'm fine with
it
Sam why are this this is a lot of story
I'm down show me show me not to shoot
yeah find the Palio yeah we'll see here
here's this is part of the problem of e3
is like they have the show and you don't
have so much time during the show but
then as a developer or you know like as
a PR person yeah
you also want multiple things to release
out and so you have this trailer then
your gameplay trailer then you have the
devs talking about the gameplay trail
too much this is too much
okay well another starting to lose me
yeah people you're playing with fire
are you saying you can ride the robot
dog like a motorcycle is that what
you're telling me all right never mind
you got me back in I'm with you yeah
this explains there we go this is what
we needed
Oh God you want a wheelchair the
beginning of the trailer is there a
first-person shooter where you're in a
wheelchair go the first section yeah
this looks fun this looks fine I'll tell
you what this looks just fine
it's Special Forces that's right
everybody loves the glory kills yeah
look at that gun Rach I think we're
gonna have to play this oh he shoved an
axe up and up and knocks his ass now
we're talking
now attack in October all right we can
deal with October what what the fuck
what was that was that an inside joke
what did Wolfenstein get so weird
I remember when Wolfenstein was just a
straight-up your app eow you escaped
from the Nazi cancel during World War
two okay so there wasn't well there was
a few science fiction elements in some
of like the later episodes of the
original but it wasn't like batshit
crazy science fiction with like cartoon
animals running around they're saying
that apparently that character took acid
at one point okay so that was that
character cooking taking acid I that
looked like you know what I look like a
fine game I'm actually pretty pretty
excited about that let's take a moment
here rich do what well we got a back
catalog of tips before we keep moving
and we will keep moving this is this you
know what this is we already watched
spider-man
Jax hype is that about 55 percent riches
hype died slowly 10% high 12 12 12
percent 15 yeah no that's that's too
much yeah I'm gonna split the difference
but out on the high end of splitting the
difference we're going 12 okay that's
you know well that's fair that's fair
that's absolutely fair okay we got a gym
doc says who says hey I got an a-level
in film but didn't get the other grades
required for uni five years later
working an unrelated job I'd still have
to work in the industry I like writing
and directing any advice rich and I
don't really work in the industry
the best way to break in is to be a
jackass on YouTube that's well if you
want to break into the jackass on
YouTube industry absolutely the the only
advice that I can give because like I
suppose I kind of work in the industry
as I make commercial work and I do know
people who work in the industry and the
only advice I can give you is to make
things the only way you are ever going
to get hired to do anything is if
someone sees something you've already
done spend your time make things if
those things are good enough you put
them out on the web if they are good
enough they will get someone's attention
people are hungry for shit keep making
things then eventually you move your way
up and make lots of friends make lots of
contacts everyone I know who is
successful in the industry made things
and had contacts so do it do it do do a
atomic mousetrap says the bootleg
version of mile morales would be named
Kalama
kilometer sanchez okay kilometer
kilometer I messed up that joke and I'm
so sorry atomic mousetrap kilometer
sanchez anonymous says you guys really
have to watch the devolver press covers
did you watch it
no developer press conference different
during it was like during one of the
twitch press conference devolver you
know devolve devolve ER they they
produce a lot of you know indie game yes
or distribute a lot of indie games they
had a press conference we might want to
watch it yeah I've seen it already but
if you haven't we have one okay I've
seen it already
alright you know what yeah let's let's
take a moment and let's watch it let's
take a moment to watch that because I
I'm curious to see Rich's reaction to it
they turn into a joke
if they do full respect we're kind of
expecting something to happen alright
ladies time for some more ìiî reactions
I think we've got the devolver
conference up next oh wait is it too
vulvar just fucking indie games what a
fucking waste of time goodbye forever
hey devolver use and I'll let me into
your parties and now I'm here really I
don't know maybe III devolver is finally
a real publisher oh shit is that a
blazer or a trenchcoat I guess if you
put that on we have to take a shot yeah
is that right yeah I like trench coat
mafia shut up it's a blazer is not a
blazer
hey devolver when you're gonna nounce
Shenmue 3 what is this just do how I'm a
me again that worked out
I like your house man German please
welcome to the stage devolver digital
zone Nia Struthers whoa
thank you thank you really
too much yes yes of course I know yeah
okay
for joining me here at the Dave Lang
Memorial Convention Center thank you
this is our first year of bringing you
to the very edge of your seats with the
very best of what video very games have
to offer very and I am very very proud
to have you here on this very journey
with me tonight
tonight is going to be a special one
I've got a lot to show you I've got a
lot to tell you about much of which will
blow your mind up some of which will
frighten your extended family a little a
small amount of which will have you
arrested possibly even slightly aroused
all of which is designed to subtly
convince you to give us your hard-earned
money I hope you are ready sir Baldrick
it's digital fans for the future of
video games and the futures future
future
tomorrow's unethical business practices
today and with that check a look
it's hard to keep your attention these
days this is rainbow city we need to go
down to see something
psychos
killers
this is an actual game I don't actors is
a I like twin-stick shooters
ladies and gentlemen Milo Lowrey so a
common thing I've been hearing from the
fans is that there's a certain level of
disconnect between their desire to pay
for a game and their ability to actually
pay for said game an open dialogue my
fans is deeply important to us and when
we hear that you're throwing money at
the screen and we look into our bank
accounts and that money isn't there well
it's sad pandas and suicide watch for
the accounting team and who likes sad
pandas I should very much like to show
you something
Margaret
Thank You Margaret now do that thing
you're supposed to do at this point in
the presentation
thanks a bundle match we call it
devolver digital scream hey
and we think you are going to love it
I'd like to give a demonstration but I
need a member of the audience you sir
I choose you all I need you to do sir is
to take these here redhot American dolla
dolla bills and throw them into VAT
screen to simulate a wholly valid
purchasing event
what's that isn't that interesting we
think this is going to be our big hit in
the physical space for 2017 go ahead
shucks those fucks a little too long but
still pretty fun
still pretty funny it's Jack stock
footage
it's been six years I just make hotline
Miami again it is just like what it's a
serious Sam
with Adult Swim work with smaller
members possibly those things making a
lot of
we'll play this Oh
no probably not well I I'm okay with
twin sticks I don't care about serious
Sam and motherfucking game now that game
isn't available yet it is nearly
complete what if I told you though that
you could buy that game right now this
second before it was even finished old
news right Oh yesterday you'd you'd tell
me Nina
early access has been a powerful tool
for developers and fans alike for years
you'd tell me that with your dumb little
mouth and I'd knuckle punch you right in
your goddamn throat because ladies and
gentlemen we have something even better
than that we are calling it devolver
digital earliest access and we think it
will be a revolutionary way to hastily
rush unfinished game content out to
consumers breakthrough in the twin
sciences of heavy mu meson sub temporal
phase shift frame manipulation and
consumer psycho commercial analytics
devolver digital is now able to release
new titles into the marketplace earlier
than ever before
how much earlier we are talking point of
conception a developer thinks an idea
and bam
that shit's available for sale sound
far-fetched wrong clamp your gob you
fucking morons devolver digital earliest
access titles are all ready available
now now now now now let's check in with
a recent early access title and see what
they just want to find out more about
her
you are cool nice a villain okay hey ba
ba ba Devadas our solution on acuteness
phonology and it's incision in the
middle yo see my solver digital zoom if
anyone will not be wonderful wouldn't
you say so devolver digital big fancy
press conference 2017 audience how about
you audience at home all right shut up
no that's Margaret what if I told you I
love her she's great it was a way for
you the unwashed masses not only to
complain about the games you love but to
complain about them so effectively that
it evoked real actual change badass
right the batter
shut up magic now I will need a member
of the audience for this next one thank
you you sir Lucy I don't know who she is
but I really enjoy your performance yep
hey they pay for that stock footage
you're using every goddamn minute of it
this guy is you look at you imagine you
are this guy and you have some proper
shit to say about a game you really love
but would totally love it a lot more if
it were different
go ahead fire away
devolver comment created content is the
next evolution in user created content
it will make changes and modifications
in real-time by pulling any half-assed
comments recommendation or criticism
directly from the game's own user forums
which a game was easier it already is
dislike some minor feature changed done
it's way better now wanting narrative
based platformer about lost love with
sixteen player online deathmatch fire a
way bra the servers are full of notes if
devolver comment created content it is
you the player who is in control and it
is available now already on every major
what we have shown you here today is
only the beginning
tomorrow's unethical business practices
today
so there's that
that was it yeah some funny stuff I I
loved their comments created content
that's a wonderful gag a wonderful gag
right moving on what are we watching
them oh hey guys what do you wanna watch
them are you sure there isn't more oh
yeah there I guess or maybe it was a
moron
the last night's okay well we'll watch
that next or something called the last I
guess I'm a burrito I want to be the
best burrito I can possibly be and win
points I wonder I wonder what I'm
supposed to do explore my burrito
essence the heart on the horizon that
was encroaching fearsome mashers oh no
I'm a goner for sure
Oh make an escape I'm serious there's a
monument over there they just built it
for me same other beings who have no
hair purpose what type of purpose is
that it seems counterintuitive super
self concern available now under over
digital earliest access okay okay great
super okay well we were supposed to
watch last night the last night
Transformers movie knows it a
Transformers game the new Transformers
movie is it the last night thank you
oh no it's it's an and I oh alright okay
last night
nope sorry a commercial for crackdown 3
first
there goes well I rich recent
transformers and I thought it might be
so I thought it might be tonight
the last K night but it's the last night
the last Vova CH
sometimes I'm cautious when they're
fitted director's name
interesting hardstyle yeah
I really dig the mixture of pixel and
3ds
seems like one of those story games to
say one way or the other Jack
mostly just showing off a very neat art
style very neat art side
very neat art style flashback vibes huh
is there any footage you just skipped on
I was gonna show it and you said you had
don't hit cancel on the thing before
winning sorry I thought I found it
gameplay footage gameplay footage
piece PC
you get it
very pretty many of you have very pretty
money they're very very proud of the
menu there we go thank you
it did look really pretty free outfit
footage Oh
gameplay gameplay
this is the gameplay
this doesn't say gameplay footage okay
from the PC gaming show
it's a great art style man that looks
pretty free alpha footage
the game we walk
it's a job to assume that this is the
game play it's a holding the right
button simulator rich the right-arrow
simulator I can only assume it's a
point-and-click adventure
what else could this be
the coldest gameplay footage
all right this married okay no this is
the gameplay footage
now the camera does that all game what's
gonna make me nauseous 18 come on guys
I'm gonna I'm gonna the only thing I can
assume is that it's a point-and-click
adventure
it does look great yeah come on guys
come on guys get out of town okay
rich yeah yeah I would like to show you
something I'd like to show everyone
something something you were super
excited about
I love Metroid Prime I know you do I'm
one of my favorite games I know I like
all the Metroid Prime games what I want
you to pay attention to this is from
Nintendo's official YouTube channel yeah
and this is Metroid Prime for first look
yeah
what would you would you assume my first
look we get to maybe see the game okay
are you ready
there's no Gish footage of the game they
never do it's for its 46th we can wait
40 seconds first look rich a first look
at Metroid Prime for and we're not even
getting a cutscene we're not even
getting a cutscene in the game
that's it man that's it that's it that
was it just Nintendo basically wrote a
note and said hey man we're working on
shit we're working on it yeah and you
know what everyone is super hype because
it says Metroid and prying I love
Metroid Prime
I love Metroid Prime it's a good game
but they didn't even like like they
didn't even like - what what why do that
people are saying why do I do that
all right I'll tell you why they did
that I'll say exactly why they did that
I'll see how much I agree we could go
ahead because they had they have
literally just started working on the
game no there is nothing that is showing
but they still want you to buy and
intend to switch yep yep also then
attend a switch lineup is arguably
lacking at the moment and so now they
can make an official announcement and
say hey we I swear to Christ we are
working on games that you will want to
buy but I I thought you know like I was
watching it's like yesterday they signed
the deal to start making the game or
someone has been sketching something I
watched the Nintendo thing live the
their Nintendo Direct thing live and I
saw that and I was like yes yes Metroid
Prime for why didn't he that's it that
was in the the other announcement which
I won't even cut - because like it was
even less than that but here the switch
is a fine hypothetical library it yes
schrödinger's library like the other
thing is they were talking about pokken
tournament which is a pokemon fighting
game yeah and I talked to one of the
guys who's the creative
head of the polka Pokemon company and he
goes also we're working on a standalone
Pokemon RPG for the switch by didn't
even have a logo a body ok also some
exciting news
houses something though this is
different this is different Ryan before
this is different than prime you won't
be able to play this because Karen won't
give up for three TS
but
nothing on the lifestyle that's three TS
a classic classic samus
according to stuff I read and had she
has full 360 shooting yeah and so
perhaps when you're aiming you can't
move apparently this is a remake of the
game point one the Gameboy Metroid - and
you know I like Metroid games alright
ready for it
Super Mario
ah - get the fuck out of here you two
does it bother you that that dinosaur is
not history
adversity
is
here we go
it's time to race
you know Mario's its unapologetic okay
look at anything
he's a hat thrown hats it's got
different hat 50 different things
sombreros exist
it's like added Japanese
rookies a partner thumb and
so the shtick for this game is your hat
somehow possesses your essence so you
can possess other friends
no I love the bouquet there booth
they're Piranha Plants yeah
look at how much fun this is what green
anoles this time it's completely
different they got a thing they got a
new kill look you could be a change on
finally a taxi cab fun with this you can
be a human you are a human no you're not
you're a Mario you're a monster
Pauline go back you know what I'm
referencing Pauline from Donkey Kong
yeah in the New York section singing
that would make so much sense
did she have a red dress she did see if
it says anything that's totally Pauline
Mullen I'm calling it you could you're
calling it something Pauline and she's
the mirror she's the mayor of New dunk
city or he's gonna be an awkward moment
I know he's supposed to come back right
after I saved you from that monkey butt
whore
this is peach being a mayor very
impressive very impressive she's got the
cassoulet her first appearance in 30
years was she in the those are the Game
Boy Advance that Mario vs. Donkey Kong
games over those Hana 3ds oh sure like
the said send your guys on like
automated Pauline in those oh I don't
remember I only played a little bit one
of those those are cute though yeah they
probably mean in a main Mario game in 30
years but Donkey Kong wasn't a main
Mario game so it just doesn't fucking
whatever this fucking doesn't know what
that means but the main Mario games yeah
are the freakin new Super Mario Brothers
it's not this 3d shit those counters
main Mario games - come on Kevin we
didn't watch the God of War trailer and
it actually showed us combat so hype
level at 3% he was fighting with an X
I'm trying to compare the relatives hype
levels between God of War and spider
Mountain see to me spider-man so much
greater I know for you so you're
spider-man went down to 12 if what well
you know it was a
passable Arkham knockoff and then they
started doing that
that fucking cutscene where you hit X
every now and then shit yep yep you know
we've seen cuphead is tough - Kevin we
watch Samus Returns gameplay footage we
watch the trailer that had gameplay
footage in it so we're fine and thumb
what's anthem we can do a couple more
we're gonna do a couple more then I got
a bounce anthem anything else you want
to watch rich I don't know what all is
out this is the first time I've seen
most of this stuff yeah well great oh
this is is this an xbox one exclusive
then I don't care running on an Xbox one
ask you is John Warner from Bioware
to show you anthem we don't turn it off
turn it off because well maybe some PC
to Xbox
viol work I mistake I hired some people
they weren't freelance get out of here
oh look you can do too
we do with you give rocket what wait
that's me
it passed all the sake tossed open world
you explore with your friends
each javelin exosuit has its own unique
play style the Ranger is balanced in all
purpose while the Colossus is a tanking
powerhouse it's an online thing that you
play with your friends with the massive
open world dynamic there's just garbage
all over the spot oh that's fine doesn't
look at the world it looks like God
some kind of game a set thing exploded
and just shit appeared everywhere yeah
that's fine
like that dive underwater you know those
things look ugly jack confirm triple-a
apologies no it just looks like it's
fine it's not it's not it's not balling
my nuts away and it's not you know I
don't care about it legitimately do you
think the world looks ugly it looks
cluttered oh this doesn't look like a
natural world it just looks sweet a tree
on top of this house
bramble we already watched tomorrow fine
well watch the fucking cup head trailer
is it going to be anything different
than anything we've fucking seen boom no
this is only 50 announcement trailer
head
best man ahead to coverage
I get it this game has been into Mexico
it's probably gonna be fun I think you
like it it looks really neat that's the
date that is the day we front this game
out every year for like the last 11
years right you know it's great it's
always look great that'll be the fun
part of cuphead is how many reviewers
can lie if assuming the gameplay is even
even generic yeah like I'm not even
gonna say sex but if it's generic how
the review how all the reviewers will
just be like but is the interesting art
direction really pulls you through it's
like a maybe my mom we watch Monster
Hunter world we don't care
Kirby trailer take care about curry
Kirby no I should to satisfy the fucking
masses Kirby Kirby Kirby for Nintendo
switch boom
sometimes you need a hero Kirby I've
never cared for Kirby fire I've never
gotten into Kirby's oh sure he's never I
never I never got it
some things to scholars yeah it it I
don't hate it
I just haven't played much them because
yeah you know it's just like I never got
him co-op well this is this is what is
hopefully going to set the switch apart
which is co-op games and you can take
your switch anywhere and play your co-op
game right you know what I realized
and I need to somehow help make this
happen you know would be the perfect
switch game in viscid gun you'll
remember that that game we play where
you're invisible
and visit gun heroes would be a perfect
switch
chef's had a wonderful inspiration for
the Friday the 13th game yeah you know
what would be fantastic what would be
fantastic for the Friday the 13th game a
Friday the 13th games Scooby Doo mod
counselors at the gang yeah you've
replaced Jason with some of the classic
scooby-doo villain sure sure and you
defeat them by like finding the clues
and then eventually get the unmasking
you have to search through all the house
you find the clues and then you have to
like like maybe there's a mini game
where if you all get together if your
clues you have to put them in the right
order or something right make it happen
who makes games make it happen games I
love it
I love it there is no blood-borne to
trailer you know instead of calling
Tommy Jarvis in you have to set up the
convoluted trap oh yes yes and like if
you're Scooby or shaggy you get like
extra run powers and it's your job to
distract the monster while Fred you have
like you don't like it'll be like glue
and one of the cabins you have to find
the glue so you can put the glue on on
the platform just find the net and they
you have to do the minigame like install
the net over the I love it I love it
that sounds great that sounds great
let's take a moment and read tips that
sounds great and perfect and I love it
it's basically a mouse trap first-person
shooter yes or third-person it'd be a
mouse trap the third-person because yeah
Friday 13 yeah third person but yeah
right here we go let's see oh okay oh
devolver digital oh you know what
someone is asking us to check out the
evil within - all right do you care
about that did you play the evil within
I don't remember I'll be quite honest
with you
but we'll watch it someone wants us to
watch it we'll watch it
as we're doing we're talking about you
three watching all the shit these are
all the shit and we're just like the for
three years since beacon happened you've
been searching for answers you didn't
find what you're looking for says I'm
actually more interested that they
didn't want you to Moki BSM says hi
wreckers if you like that Wolfenstein
trailer please make sure you played the
new order Wolfenstein the new order it's
the first game in the new series and
it's just as much a sci-fi crazy as the
trailer looked for the person in chat
who wants me to check all of my YouTube
notifications they pot they pile up
every day every day they just pile up
I'll click that I'll click the little
thing and the next day I'll have 99
again it just happens this the blue
prism says hey guys great stream as
always I'm just curious and but has any
rlm fan ever come and knock on the front
door the studio and say hi I'm guessing
that had to happen at some point
don't do it our cmcm e84 says here's to
have previously recorded booth at e3
next year just so you can criticize
every single game shown and still have
developers show up bring us your game
will tell you it sucks we rate gameplay
trailers fearful slug voice is rich if
you haven't played the XCOM 2 DLC that's
already out I suggest you do it before
the expansion comes out did you buy why
don't I wait till the expansion comes
out and then I get it all you can prank
it like a bundle
sale price Abunda sales really
I love the expansions coming on because
well I'm basil late look tall with the
extraction journey let's make a whole
new fucking game to me anthem says
gobbledygook is the replacement for mass
effect because mass effect isn't selling
now which if you didn't find their
interests on wheat then you should have
your genitalia back to your parents and
buy a tombstone
if you don't find the trail their
trailer neat you should hand you
genitalia back to your parents and buy a
torn stand out what looks lead about
that fly round a fly rod engagement that
anthem ship if you're into like the
destiny and I feel like multiplayer
shooters if you like that kind of stuff
you might like it is all I'm saying I'm
gonna be relying and finding a group to
get together just so I can play a game
yeah you skip the whole thing cuz we
don't care what has this game shown us
about the gameplay is it's nothing I've
been keeping an eye on it so it's its
striking imagery I don't fucking care
about this as far as a game is concerned
we didn't play the first one we are not
gonna play the second one it just
doesn't fucking matter we don't care
about that shit you know what I'm
shocked we haven't seen and why haven't
we seen this the VR they wonder Chevy
are down your throat yeah how come
there's not where's the VR mech game
where is the VR mech game there might be
there McVie our flight simulator there
was the I know um what's the name of
that then you don't need VR for it the
space flight sim elite dangerous oh sure
where's where's where's where's the
elite dangerous where you have the VR
and you have the cockpit so you don't
have to worry about movement where is
that I'm sure it is all of them I'm sure
it's there we just don't care about
Vieira where's the worst
Top Gun VR your flight in the f-16 where
is that yeah
why isn't that a thing by the way rich
it could be a thing you and I don't look
into VR so you're asking a quite I'm by
the way you're asking a question where
I'm sure there is an answer to it you
know okay yeah they're giving us a steel
battalion VR Ace Combat 7 Valkyrie 14
sorry sorry I got my plane wrong so god
they are giving all these examples
you're you are you're asking me this
question but the chat is giving you so
things are coming things are coming to
VR I I'm still very wary about VR I've
said nothing bad about bridge commander
no I have never said anything bad about
bridge commander yeah a way out we
already watched her way out right that
was the pixel art game where we couldn't
find the gameplay I think I was last
night that was the last night oh oh
sorry well then a way out if battle tech
VR is is the most natural thing in the
world
rekt season two is coming to TBS
oh yeah we were supposed to play
brothers it's like a it's it's like a
it's like a co-op game oh yeah yeah I've
heard of brothers L do Yoona friends
we'll get to know your characters and
I'm called prison shower scenes on the
left you see Vincent we just arrived
could be fun needs more shipping
probably
in a way yeah you know puzzles bait you
know two-player puzzle solving I'm down
with that
I'm down with that
yeah cool huh
you know the here's the important thing
about that gameplay trailer is I can
kind of understand what the gameplay
will be like and I enjoy that yeah I
enjoy understanding what the gameplay
will be like in the games were about to
play yeah that could be an end that
could be a nice stream game a game that
we can both play in the same area that
would be nice
finally a game you like we've talked
positively about mini games tonight
maybe you've just joined us we we might
like games we don't like gameplay
trailers all the time and we don't
fanboy out we're relaxed people shacks
or I don't care about South Park games
and I haven't seen any of this year
South Park games and I don't have it in
me to care and I'm sorry I know that
says play the Sonic mania or Dragon Ball
Z fighter trailer nope oh that's a good
thing to talk about kay is 87 yeah wants
us to talk about something that we can
talk about yeah which is a good news for
any rocket League fans rocket League is
coming to the switch okay obviously it
doesn't mean a lot to us as we already
own rocket League but here's the
important news cross-platform play
switch switch you can play with people
on PC and people on Xbox one
not ps4 on one hand that's neat yeah
here's the other hand here's the other
oh okay oh there's a whole other hand
here you're a switch player if you're
buying it on the switch you never played
anything else you're gonna get fucking
decimated playing against people have
been playing it for the last two fucking
years still it's on rocket League rocket
League still has decent matchmaking ok
ok you might get your fucking ass handed
to you that's but that's but by the way
that would happen if you bought it on PC
or if you bought it anywhere else right
yeah rocket League has decent
matchmaking unlike Friday the 13th
I was randomly matched with rich last
night that was completely random that
wasn't like you found me somehow that
was completely random weird rich what I
mean what level are you at on Friday the
13th 38th you're on the Ville 38 I'm I
was on level like 8 yeah we were matched
in the same game
no matchmaking in Friday the 13th not a
good time but that's great news for
rocket League because anyone who's a
who's a player is about to get an influx
of a lot more players that's great for
them ps4 the holdout as far as
cross-platform collusion those fuckers
unless you know that means less reason
to play it on the ps4 well and you know
it's the same with a minecraft is adding
a cross-platform compatibility with PC
Xbox and switch so that's weird too with
with minecraft but ps4 who also has
minecraft not they're not they're not
joining their parties yeah and I think
that's weird but I think I think it's
great like the the lineup for the switch
is slowly but surely you can see the
light at the end its own hey we're gonna
have some games for this that's nice and
for years it probably literally just
started working on Metroid Prime for
they don't have any rent game engine
assets yet agreed ps4 is cross-platform
with PC but it's not cross-platform with
Xbox and it won't be with switch and if
you're on PC you can play with it's
weird just open it up open it up make it
open everybody make it open alright so
yeah that's exciting for and you know
what if you buy rocket League for the
switch you get a Mario hat and for your
car what else could you on rich the
Odyssey hat with the googly eyes
on normal merit it looked like normal
Mario that's fine that's fine that's
member the one you want
oh yeah you don't want the Odyssey hat
and there's stupid eyes on top it's got
stupid eyes on top rich
please watch intro for Family Matters
says anonymous it's only one minute and
19 seconds long no thanks
okay great karna we're caught up alright
that was that way I mean not a lot for
e3 this year I'm sorry are we done well
we should yes I know yeah yeah we're
done thank you
hi everybody welcome to big screen
we're big screen now fuck stars but uh
Metro X is best trailer what's your
favor to e3 rich pick it now what you're
saying - looks good could be fun the
what
no first time - oh wait you know what
one more we got the Mario X come I'm
down with that
I'm Mario X am I want to see more of
this new X come to expansion in action
before I get mega super hype yeah I
would like to see it in action
yeah I'm gonna review I like Mar I like
Mario X come I missed my I missed my
mech troopers I missed the mech troopers
from XM one from the X come one enemy
with the in expansion oh okay I'm sorry
maybe maybe they'll come back yeah Mario
XCOM looks like a lot of fun I'm excited
for Wolfenstein - and you know what I'm
pretty hyped for spider-man
I fucking love spider-man and if I can
punch bad dudes as spider-man I'm gonna
be pretty excited all right spider-man
is all about fighting supervillains and
there's one thing that the the Arkham
engine is bad at yes boss battles it's
designed for groups I like my spider-man
who's just fighting mobsters - yeah and
all of the
any of you think that's a boss battle is
gonna be one of those awful fucking
quick time things everything
it hurts me because I know you're right
is it tied into the movie I mean it's
from Sony so no you're not gonna use any
of the major super villains I mean
already we have mr. negative already
you're gonna be fuckin lucky if the
kangaroo is in there well can't use Doc
Ock psychic might be in a movie the
Green Goblin might be they might be in
one of the movies Hobgoblin that's a big
villain he might be in one of the movies
Sandman well he's a big movie villain he
might be in one of the movies Electra
well he's a big villain he might be in
one of the movies we got a Busey the
Marvel Cinematic Universe is gonna take
precedence over anything they want a
stick in a fucking video game oh well
you're gonna be stuck with a Gibbon in
the kangaroo teaming up this is the
takeover Wilson fist and crime Empire
this will not this will not be in the
same universe as the Marvel spider-man
movie this I'm sure this might pick up
from like the amazing spider-man 2
they're saying it's not the movie that's
what I decided not to the Marvel movie
but it might be tied uh are you stupid
you know are they stupid is the question
rich do you think that they're that
stupid yes I do I think that Sony is
that stupid front - we don't care about
battlefront - all right everybody this
is the point of the stream in which we
thank all of the people who have
subscribed to us during the stream it's
a new universe fresh there much like dan
dan
Juran Terran on dis Turan mad didn't
there you go
tyrion tyrion 87 the great mad slave who
says hey
they are 77 for 17 months in a roses
happy birthday to me I'm Mary Poppins
all y'all hack frauds ah oh you know
what I was gonna watch one more thing
but I don't even know if there's a
trailer for it they're coming out with a
dishonor to expansion
looks you know you know the the lady the
ship captain yeah she's getting her own
side story cool so cool that you know I
I really like this on her too so excited
for more of that uh where are we crabby
uncle Lavvy you skipped over polo Jews I
sure did
stray cats 72 who says why do fools fall
in love love is a losing game love can
be a shame I know of a fool you see for
that fool is me so tell me why tell me
why breena's God dark matter for twenty
three fucking months in a row and dark
matter says my favorite prime number the
examine shack soda shitless brew off for
no I'm sure that's supposed to be Brando
but I like saying bruh for no cosmic for
twenty three fucking months in a row two
streets have sent our blueberry says
thanks for the streams I felt Jack's
pain dealing with The Witcher fans it's
fine there's a lot of there's a lot of
games to play I don't need to play The
Witcher 3 Lindsay yoyoyo extremely
ordinary Stefan help brownie help Hiromi
Oh like that Ken lapis in ski says lol
Friday my 13th
microfiber militia for 32 fucking months
and roses 32 months 32 shares of the
previously recorded dynasty from Kristen
Travis in Chicago thank you we
appreciate him
Chernobyl kinsman for twenty six fucking
months in a row and Chernobyl kinsman
says ten months to fix your confetti I
know we forget about that every time
well you started streaming before I came
here today so I couldn't fix that we can
fix them yeah it was mine next time
we'll fix the confetti we haven't had to
use it yet that's true not yet why you
haven't scrolled down yet this one Jim
Docs says holy shit two months already I
must let everyone know everyone knows
now Brad ster might connect any son
alpaca deathtrap who says I've been
reading the comments on your YouTube
videos and I have to agree I can't
believe you two would dare critique a
game on your video game critiquing
webseries sometimes just wait for this
shit show as soon as this Vanquish
review comes up I'll be fine rich is
kind of behind send beer to me death
John big fat man eight seven three four
fifteen months in a row speaking of
speaking of sending beer yeah you know I
told people not to send beer to us not
to send alcohol because it's legal
illegal we got some of the mail today I
went to the mailbox uh-huh and there was
this box that had fragile labels all
over it okay and it looked like somebody
in the post office took offense to all
of the fragile labels and they just
started throwing the box all over the
warehouse I mean look it looked like
they might have actually run it over
with a truck and when I opened it there
was like there's like two surviving
bottles oh no three Oh
it was like they actually thought let's
kick this around yeah you because it
says fragile it's it's you really have
to wrap that shit tight they did oh yeah
they beat the fuck out of this box I
took a lot this bubble wrap all over the
fucking place well and they beat the
shit out of this box according to the
chat the jack keeps saying this over and
over again and I don't know if this is
true or not the chat says it is not
illegal if you send it through FedEx or
UPS this is through them the u.s. mail
right I'm so sorry we will I will any
beer that's left I swear we will drink
next next race this was in our p.o box
which right was delivered Opio box I
don't see why not
I don't know I'm not sure then I don't
know why Oh FedEx doesn't do Pio's if
UPS does that then go UPS oh you cannot
get FedEx or you well so that's that's
why yeah okay gotcha they both have
license what a conundrum were in then
the two people who can legally ship us
alcohol yeah oh that's terrifying
I'm so so whoever sent that I'm so sorry
next stream I don't know if we'll be
streaming on Sunday yeah cuz Sunday is
Father's Day what let me rephrase it I
don't know if I'll be streaming Sunday I
don't know if I'll be streaming on
Sunday because Sunday well I'm more so
more so because I'll be driving back I'm
out of town all weekend okay and I'm
driving back on Sunday so I just if I'm
awake and sober enough I will come in
for stream and if I am I will I will I
swear I will try your beer live on
stream I think we said death John right
yes John and and I said big big fat
mandate 73 for 15 months in a row him
polled a clock work Stalin for 32
fucking months in a row Dom Buckwald
wisdom
thanks wisedom wisedom maybe yeah maybe
why am i I just
I appreciate that spelling that spelling
makes me think that you are a rapper of
some kind
it does it does wisedom I'd buy that
album too hot too fresh wisedom 30 30
goddamn months also did i miss nintendo
stuff oh not if you stayed later user
nine nine nine nine zero Tiberius Kirk
for twenty-one fucking months in a row
says dear prereq there are too many subs
nowadays please eliminate three I am NOT
a crackpot
Felix of Mars for 21 fucking months in a
row and Felix of Maher says Knight from
the UK I totally missed out on getting
to e3 this year
TLS 10x2 ravenous one three one three RC
MC me eight four says hey guys happy to
catch a stream after so long also valve
should just make their own PC only e3
what does that even make games anymore I
think they got that the other way around
they should make their own III only PC
oh I get it
I make more sense to be PC only either
presented by valve I mean they have the
PC gaming show at e3 it's fine they have
a whole they have a whole to do
dedicated to PC games it's fucking press
releases that's all your fucking beat
that's true and you know what half of
this shit that they showed at e3
everyone's gonna forget about in a week
this one okay MC pools I thought it was
your turn okay and then I was waiting it
was your turn but MC Pugh says beer
clarf uncle nice that's a great name
quickly that rolled off the tongue
nicely I don't know why it tickles me
I like quickly quickly and quietly we
walked with a quack ooh doesn't that
make it makes it sound like you're
talking like a baby we have to move
quickly and quietly go to the quacker
factory I've been I've been up all day
I've been up all day
Streicher 1 1 2 strike it one to one who
has subscribed for 25 fucking months in
a row says I'm not mad at Jack for
skipping cutscenes much Kings idiot King
as e15 2 Kings in a row easiiy oh sure
King easy e15 yeah that's fine swifty
with it bah-bah-bah embryo sir my name
is doug usery name 432 fucking months in
a row says loving the annual III sakkath
on that's basically what it is what do
you want let's know that's what they
want what do you want you want us to be
cutted fucking lie I get fucking lied oh
yeah what is real
did you see that Metroid Prime logo oh I
loved it spider-man when you're flying
on the helicopter the cutscene was
playing and then you had to hit the Xbox
