Episode 808
Yes, we're playing it again. Shut up(Part 2)
July 29, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tqhy-I_Fb3M
___________________________________________

oh this match sucks yeah I hate it
you don't like pecking up No
I've heard of this smashmouth Jason it's
very funny and like I I'm all yeah I
thought I fixed that now remember you
have to fix it and then hit X to apply
yeah I I keep thinking about life being
a character Jason is like you know like
when you're Jason just to do something
weird but then I don't want to be
obnoxious which I know is strange yeah
might be fun so somebody online used a
voice changer to make us a voice on
demonic oh okay
can this be played with Maz it can be
played with mouse and keyboard yes but
you can't rebind controls you cannot
read behind the keys still and so for my
purposes of playing on the couch here
it's much simpler this game doesn't have
that much aiming to just use a
controller right I I keep thinking about
it because I would want to this were a
shooter I just wouldn't bother I I keep
it like every time you're Jason and you
want to teleport using the controller to
like teleport accurately is a bit of a
pain I'd love a mouse for that but all
the different keys that you need to
press it wouldn't be worth it for me
what would my Jason bit be I'd probably
just repeat the same word over and over
and over again right no just you know oh
I'm off this is off top my head rich
what's your Jason bit mister playing it
yeah that's a good that's good that's
fair yeah that'd be pretty good slow
down I gotta put my ax in your head oh I
could do my really bad Michael Caine
impression yes hello yes sir what are we
doing over here now what tell me
something what do we do well we don't
close the door open the drawer
fucking goofy goofy drawer when I play
overwatch yes I do use my nunchuck thing
I love when my nunchuck thing especially
for first-person shooters it works great
I can't use my nunchuck thing for this
because I would need to rebind so many
things like you know it's just the the
the joystick is just WASD so that's not
a big deal but I've got approximately
Jack ship Jack sure you got firecrackers
in a hell spread some that's better than
Jack shit and you got a map and a
walkie-talkie you know what do you do in
this game
this says dirty grey so you are either
Jason or a counselor if you are Jay or
Jason it's obvious you try to kill
everyone if you're a counselor there are
a certain number of things that you can
do to escape you can fix a car and drive
a car out if you're able to you can fix
a boat and drive a boat out if you're
able to you can fix the phone and call
the cops and then walk out of one exit
or Jason the extremely convoluted
process of killing Jason right the
things that don't happen are you can
kill Jason or just wait out the timer
there's a 20 minute timer for them for
the map those never happen you don't get
extra points for that that's just you
don't die right so what Richie's doing
right now is looking for resources he
has weapons his first aid but you're
looking for car parts boat parts or the
fuse for the phone box which I have none
which he has none check your map has
anybody got anything yet oh the the four
seater already has a battery and gas
maybe you want to head in that general
direction
hit see are we still looking for keys
all right no one's hanging out you near
they have the car started huh they've
got the car started oh my god
which one's the four-seater oh shit you
might run into them if they have room
for you okay so now other counselors
already got the car started so Rich's
hope is that if he gets in the cars path
they will stop and pick him up the room
thank you
what's he getting ready thank you yeah
I'm stuck here Oh escape this happens to
me yeah yeah
you're gonna have to offer okay you got
to get out and stunning what
if you can teleport out of the sky come
on for it again going forward again so
these as you see rich has tools to slow
Jason down Sun up a bitch yeah he's a
good Jason though he knows what's up
Jesus Christ
do it yeah a little minute this is so
tense
so as you can see what's the Stratus dry
well you know like you have all these
tools to either distract or slow Jason
down this is what I love about this game
is the little stories that happen the
little stories that happen that that one
guy just believed me
you're going for it again
oh my god rich huh hey boy
were you North this is crazy what's
happening here
you trapped know
oh my god this is so tense
this guy's due god I'm sorry he's very
good this is a very good Jason and is
there I think there's one other person
in your car so at least if you do get
out you will be helping someone else
pride myself on good driving Jack that
was hey and you got someone else out
nice job rich nice job
that was a fucking battle Wow is great
Wow nice rich congrat congrat elations
congratulations that was honestly just
amazing and that right there is what
makes this game so fucking special like
that little moment the Jason knew what
he was doing rich knew what he was doing
you had other people who knew what they
were doing and everyone was working
against each other and with each other
and it was grow that was fantastic
whoo and you just happened to get in
that car you didn't like necessarily do
anything
I drove drove right like you just got
picked up by those people whoo great a
Ton Ton right oh yes
hey rich yes says red-letter Madea I
know you're into metal of some kind
Metallica really recently came to San
Antonio and we learned they do not sell
beer after they go on stage interesting
thoughts probably trying to avoid a riot
yeah it's probably wise
I'm not going to stereotype Metallica
fans but I bet they're a hard-drinking
folk not gonna lie I felt really good
about what just happened here rich your
driving ability not only that but like
the constant in and out like he got out
of the car quick he ran away so Jason
didn't grab you you ran away with you
while Jason was distracted you got back
in I could not believe he went back in
AI got out he was right there rich Jason
was right there sneaking in what
expected it was lying someone else too
early for me to come back oh that was a
ballsy maneuver is what I'm saying and
it worked out I'm glad it worked out for
you that was great and then some fucking
off-roading I don't you got it yeah oh
yeah Road like that he's just got a
teleport in front of you yeah the roads
aren't that wide he can't get around him
and if Jason when you're driving the car
if Jason is anywhere near the front of
your car he will bust it up yeah and
then you have to restart the car
so it was great how Jason's going for a
fancy kill all right let's see here
huh farted hey everyone
err hey evening gentlemen if being
practical could be measured and judged
who would win in a contest of
practicality between the two of you my
head says rich but my heart says Jack
have a great night practicality probably
me I'm trying to even think of an
example I don't write like my ability to
like that one person I drove away from I
knew I couldn't save them practical
thing to do was to keep driving
sure oh sure ever Jason was really good
at stopping the car on a narrow road oh
if you want to have a battle of
cold-hearted then that's me
practicality yeah yeah cold-heartedness
I mean probably like rich is more
illogical how about that in the
practicality meter wrist wrist rich
would make a horrible oskar schindler no
I'd make a great one I'd make a great
one I'd probably commit suicide after
the fact haunted by all the people I
couldn't say sure sure but I'd be a
great oskar schindler got to make the
hard choices
yeah make the hard choices save more
people you have to do that absolutely
absolutely
we were the only two we were the only
two people to survive waiting to get out
with the police would not have been the
right move this was a good Jason this
Jason was on top of things the other
states telling I beat him that's what
this is when any multiplayer game is at
its best when you and your opponent are
of equal levels and you still come out
on tape because Jason was distracted not
because he didn't know what he was doing
because you fucking won yes yeah that
guy whoever it was that hitched a ride
with you they locked out yeah yeah yeah
they got in at the right they saw no
they saw a winner they saw a moving car
rich
that's just practicality Jack no they
saw a moving car okay
they're like okay the cars moving I will
get in the car because I am near the car
yeah you know some of the people here
have getting a little annoying in the
chat but everyone's got a good ping and
you know I think this is a good group
this is a good group everyone seems to
know what they're doing that's important
they did apparently do some matchmaking
tweaks not in the latest update so
that's good that is good they've been
tweaking the game there haven't been as
many updates as you would think for a
game that's new but I do know that it's
a very small team I really want that
single player oh yeah that'll be great
you want you want to give it a little
walkie-talkie no okay usually whenever I
get a what do I get do a pointless mic
check but yeah usually whenever I get a
walkie-talkie I just say walkie-talkie
then if in case anyone else has it right
right they know that you have it right
somebody's at that house I guess one on
north
all right let's see here tired and sad
nope
Beluga blue says I just saw the witch
and turbo kid I know they're relatively
old news but wow they were great love
the mood and setting of the witch and
turbo kid was so enjoyable yes two great
movies two fantastic movies fantastic
news in very different ways than the
witch and turbo kid yeah yeah yeah great
movies turbo kid I mean I think I think
I had one of the best viewing
experiences of turbo kid ever deep I
have keys which is we we saw it as a
group projected on the side of a
building it was a good night outdoor
projected in a group in a group drinking
beers and soda pops was a fantastic
viewing experience for the beginning huh
the guy from the beginning I've been
noticing that I don't know if that's an
update thing or if I just hadn't noticed
before like also guys in bathtubs like
that I think that's been for a while
that's it's cute I like it can you cue
as Jason specifically or our roles
random it's always randomized you can
tell it to be able to prefer Jason it
does make a difference
oh we learned that you yeah you can tell
it whether you want it to prefer being a
counselor prefer being Jason or no
preference and if you put no preference
you do not get to be Jason very often as
I learned the hard way as I set my
preference to neither
before she car which was so but it's all
random video you have a one-one eighth
chance if it's a full server to be Jason
why do I have to fuck to tip this stream
who do I have to fuck to tip this dream
I pay pal I don't know man
fuck whomever you would like put away
the car keys
oh no I'm tired and said says you've
probably already discussed but thoughts
on Lord Miller being fired from the Han
Solo movie after movie three weeks from
completion I don't know well there's
there's been no mention of magic of
de-spell in the new ducktales series
maybe we didn't know the Beagle boys are
going to be in a biga boys yeah and glom
gold Flint Hart
he's like a fatter shorter design huh he
should look like just like Scrooge
McDuck with a different outfit oh yeah
yeah yeah but he's definitely in the new
one well if the Beagle boys are there
you have to assume that Magica is going
to because weren't they her main head
she use the movie knowing them and not
really okay they were kind of run by ma
beagle ma beagle my beagle okay
I mean magic is a classic character so
and I can't imagine that have a
character dispute just for Magica so
maybe she'll be like the big dude that's
what I'm thinking this it's not matter
now Jake it's the big reveal sure yeah
I'm with you I'm with him sloppy work
sloppy work captain Muller says you've
had exceptional streams lately but I
haven't tipped because I recently built
a new PC
graduates always fun to build a new PC
Jack have you ever been surprised by a
one player games exceptional multiplayer
last of us did it for me
exceptional multiplayer oh my god this
is happening here wait ready don't
they'll know in a second ok I don't
think that faster car start perk is
working oh nice
first of all nice teleport that was just
a nice teleport and a nice grab
good thing you got a pocketknife that
person who might be a mediocre drivers
getting in that firecracker should have
done them longer than that that's please
I don't think it's stun him at all I
think he was caught up in his other
animation he was just dumb yeah he could
have ran right into it impressive event
Hettie no back back way this is a dead
end we can't keep going backwards we're
gonna have to get around him sorry if
you didn't want me to click back but I
know you had a problem yeah did he
teleport to the end of the dead end
thinking we could get out that way maybe
what are you doing he's fine he's on the
main road he's fine he's fine is this
don't be judgmental for other people
having a girl's rich you can do it you
can do it we believe in you we believe
in you
now we get stopped I want to drive whoa
nice what's the right thing driver the
four exceed car has a responsibility
responsibility Jack that was a closed
fucking call that was a closed fucking
call right there it's he nice work nice
work you did it congratulations
which Ryan Gosling and drive I love
driving in this game it can be very
satisfying yes you could have some great
hero moments yeah as the driver oh
absolutely and just like they did they
just saved someone
yeah that person got to save that person
is getting extra points because of the
actions of someone else
you basically gift people experience
points you're welcome Jay drive again
all that was the
thing when J drove Jack I'm about to
make some oatmeal what healthy extras
would you suggest throwing in peanut
butter I love peanut butter in my maple
brown sugar oatmeal toss in like a
spoonful of peanut butter makes it
peanut buttery creamy and add some
protein peanut butter oatmeal I don't
love it I don't think my stark car
starter perk is working that's a shame
you know some of the perks have been
buggy since the update I have the start
with a bat perk yeah that also makes bat
mail a more stronger and I don't start
with a bat I'm sorry yep was that a PB
oatmeal commercial if someone was asking
me advice for what to put in their
oatmeal and uh I love peanut butter and
oatmeal peanut butter well I mean I just
love peanut butter like if if I could
only eat one food for the rest of
eternity it might be peanut butter
fucking like your only hope
run to the eggs okay rest up first
that's not bad you know I don't think
crouching builds your stamina I think it
a little bit I think it's just a little
bit but I think it does yeah yeah oh oh
no oh
are we still streaming yeah yep we are
oh that sucks creamy or crunchy creamy a
creamy peanut butter and you know what
yeah if you want to be extra special put
some bananas on top of your peanut
butter oatmeal boom it's gonna be great
if I'm if I'm got to be critical yeah
this happens a lot this happens a lot
there are some bugs in the game right
does happen three times to me yesterday
really I've never had the game flat out
crash but it's got some bugs you are
still alive well that's great yeah no
it's just just the game it's got some
bugs there's some buggy booze and and
they just had their first big patch and
as part of the patch there was a free
outfits the new
8-bit Jason skin as an apology for how
buggy it's been and it added more button
apology should be to fix the bugs I mean
well we got our control delete and close
the game and restart the game or be done
but it's better only for that a little
bit a little bit early for that dude
dude dude that was a great Lobby yes
yeah oh pretty good Lobby and task yeah
those people knew what they were doing
that was a lot of fun it appears that
they have fixed their or at least
bettered their matchmaking so look a
button you know no a lot of people talk
about the butts in overwatch but I need
to say the butts in this game 8 out of
10 maybe 9 out of 10 great butts in this
game rich the fine bucks they're fine
but fine yeah it just wasn't on it
immediately some fine butts in the
Friday 13th game sometimes a little too
fine they can be a little distracting
especially a little miss high shorts
over there play the nes version of
Friday the 13th we've done that before
yeah drove out the the fan game oh yeah
there was the pizza burger fan where Jay
was just lost in the woods yeah I loved
that game I think we beat that game
rich can you speak a bit no I'm playing
game
fuck off I'm sure that was longer before
I was right they're all fine buts fine
but it's gotta be someone's job just to
design butts and boobs in video games
yeah the character models the character
models design the character modelers
okay you know what I meant you fuck I am
a fox why did that oh that's true
they're inside let's see here oh my god
because I've not been killed yet I also
have like 80 more hours I'm putting that
out there
I got it lucky but they stopped to pick
me up with the car that's true
let's see whatever nonsense in the bag
hijack and rich have either of you been
to New Orleans for vacation as a tourist
I recently visited for a friend's
bachelor party weekend I'm sure it's fun
I've never been there yeah I've never
been there either actually
are there other destination cities towns
you like I'm not much of a traveler you
are not much of a traveler I am a bit of
a traveler I loved visiting Los Angeles
there's so many things to do and see
it's a wonderful city to visit and not
live because it's a horrible garbage
city yeah I had a I had a really
fantastic time visiting Seattle really
great really great city to walk around
in
I like going all over the place I'll
tell you what I like I like going places
Seattle yeah I like Seattle I had a lot
of fun walking around Seattle we ate at
a great restaurant it was like a it was
like a meat specialty place there's only
like four tables because 80% of the
restaurant was nothing but like grilling
surfaces so they'd come on like show you
slabs and meet and they're like this is
what we're gonna do to this meat we're
gonna cook us so nice I called over a
couple of all past penny gas or anything
today in the batteries no did she force
you to car two-seater for CJ that's what
we got no boat anonymous says goddamn it
it's fun to watch you guys best of the
worst can wait thank you anonymous we
appreciate that cat five to nine says
dear rich and Jack the guy who said he
kicks me out does not i've Ahlan Tara
Lee leave I prefer to watch you guys
alone and not with his bum ass will you
watch the new it film a PS by Joanne I
don't really care about the new Ed yeah
I know
I mean III might see it but I have no no
strong love for the original or new or
whatever max you know Tim Curry is a
fantastic actor I I don't you know maybe
I am Chester says have you guys seen the
YouTube channel happy console gamer with
Johnny millennium it's a popular channel
in the retro video game community he's a
big fan of rlm ever been in this in this
chat before no I don't think I've ever
seen a happy console gamer there's I
mean of course they might not be using
that name yeah there's there's a few
youtube channels i follow i so many
years so many who hide you follow mom
how do you watch it on Kent what do you
think what do you think yeah we got
nothing we got a lot of nothing you've
got some nice extras we don't have
anything major
that's our purple Toon Link says hey
guys just made the effort to do the
twitch Prime subscription you guys have
kept me entertained for years thanks for
all the laughs all the best thank you
yep that's which frying that's great
stuff oh by the way for any twitch prime
users if you are a twitch prime users
and also play overwatch make sure to get
your free golden lute box which has a
guaranteed legendary skin in it I got a
legendary May skin in my fucking
advertisement edition what I'm cross
promoting why does twitch Prime helps us
out man and I play the fuck out of
overwatch and I saw this and I said oh I
get a free loop box just for already
being a twitch Prime member you get free
shit rich you get free shit I'm telling
the people about all the free what's
your cut Jack what's your cut nothing at
least it wasn't as Ari I don't like
sorry is legendary I got her I got za
Ria's um the anniversary legendary skin
or which is basically it turns her into
an Iron Man and I fucking love that skin
I love her so much work homework
nobody's done Jake shit
I'm Azaria man you should know that well
rich you haven't done anything either I
checked every house in this area I
couldn't do anything maybe they're all
the same can't believe that what if all
the shit spawn in one house I got oh you
got Reinhardt legendary skin nice I hate
olives Aria skins and she's my favorite
character I used to think that until her
cool Iron Man skin with her mohawk
coming out of top she looks like an Iron
Man with Captain Marvel's mohawk and
it's badass all of her other legend her
like her goth legendary and her like
Siberian snow walker legendary those all
suck
I hate all of those legendaries but her
Iron Man one is awesome I'm gonna say
this house has been checked worth
I don't like I don't like being by the
big house it's too dangerous great no I
agree it's very possible though that
someone had to run away yeah as Jason
likes to hang we're heading right up
here first no that's fine that's fine
plenty of options it's very near the car
you'll probably have to go back there
I'm Tommy Jarvis is here that's fucking
help
big big fucking home you know his Jayson
Werth playing as normal people what do
you mean is this game worth playing I
think if you're asking is this game
worth playing right now I'm at a yes if
you would have asked me on Monday when I
was having a shit
Friday the 13th day I might have said
maybe not today I'm having a good day
it's a hard choice interesting hard days
he's gonna go for the grabs usually hey
Tommy T Tommy there's a pocket knife in
this drawer spare pocket knife and in
the other and the other in the other
drawer and the other drawer there
so it's anivia but I don't what hey Jack
you want my overwatch thing I don't know
what that means
Oh your loot box I can't I I am I have
Amazon Prime
so I am a twitch Prime member so I
already got my I already got my
overwatch free loot box I need to
remember to subscribe to us I always
forget to do that
we're armed pretty good for a kill yeah
how many people one two at least four
there's at least four of you alive T how
do you feel about going for a kill you
want to kill Jason
hold on I'll take that as a no so many
pocket knives you're gonna drown in
pocket knifes
we had Tommy Jarvis who knew what he was
doing we could go for it
I'm so sorry Troy bono says at $20 I
would have bought it a long time ago
can't justify 40 though you'll get the
hours out of it it's like any
multiplayer game it is only as good as
the people you are playing with but when
it's a good game it's so fucking good
it's a
come on Tommy Jarvis Tommy Jarvis might
be a new player and I'm not sure he's
gonna be on yeah but I think when this
game is good it's great I even know
exactly where the sweatshirt is because
the campsite didn't spawn there which
means it's the shack I'm sorry rich you
got to do all the work yourself yeah you
might want to you might want to wait for
when the single-player campaign comes
out which is promised you might want to
wait for a sale they are doing a big
thing right now for this weekend it's
gonna be
they're doing like a double xp weekend
this weekend this guy does know what
he's doing anyway
Tommy yeah yeah oh yeah so you know
now's a good time to get in on it but
listen uh we're not here to make your
buying decisions for you we're just here
to tell you how we what we feel about a
game he's gone for me
I like I I've got enough enjoyment out
of it where I I'm okay just fine the $4
it's a little buggy at times and more
times than not you end up in a really
bad server and people are dickheads and
not helpful but when it's good I mean
you guys saw that rich driving ways
situation that was an amazing situation
Oh oh no you fine
ah
look fucking bullshit I drop the axe
we're fucked
yep oh I wanted on my ps4 I wonder if
this will be coming to consoles I don't
know probably not Oh where's the gas
really I got nothing else no shit
dick don't do that huh I'm not I'm sure
I'm just doing that to me I'm not
pressing the T button because I don't
want it to mess up with your controls so
you going after someone else I don't
believe it it's not gonna fill our stem
enough he might be going he might think
you're too much trouble
Oh interesting
I drop the gas a lot of knives
look oh that's a fun kill
I like how they make it seem like you're
fighting back that's great
that's great all right great let's see
here
hey guys Magica dispels original voice
actress is still alive how old is she
does yeah does her voice still sound all
right I don't care about waiting for the
extra XP right I waited through my death
I'm not a jerk I'm not gonna leave
before the kill is done right deny Jason
that yeah but that's something like the
game could use a lot of things one thing
it could use is more incentive to stick
with it if I was with a really good
group yeah I would have waited it out
sure you need you need incentive to stop
the dicks from disconnecting at the
start of a match because they're not
Jason that's a problem that is a problem
do you believe during kill out of spite
to rob Jason of experience and the neat
animation yeah you need to stop those
things leave it after you're dead you
know I have no problem with that sure if
as if it's a good group you're just
gonna stick around to stick with the
group yeah the only problem for me is if
it's if it's like if I if I get the dice
roll of landing near a car or near the
phone box and Jason kills me right away
before I have time to get anything then
if I leave I get robbed of those
experience points or even a little bit
and it's big it's early in the game I'm
earlier in the game you know and then
it's like well I could I might be able
to beat Anna Jarvis maybe but
like here this here it's potentially
dangerous Jason will be spawning any
second oh yeah
yeah but you could at least dump that
near the car all right
nope just have to cedar or is that the
four cedar anonymous says hello jack and
rich you ever realized the plink ghetto
board is not random at all is that on
purpose
what do you mean it's not random at all
I mean it's kind of random found a
random dude it's you know what it's
random enough for the gag how about that
nice nice coverage real fast fast and
easy poke Alex in the eye says so my
daughter came six weeks early by
emergency c-section gas is already in
the car I'm at the board or gas is in
Schad gonna do that this is for Paris
that good Tiffany's doing it well just
tell tell her to drop it so late Jason's
gonna notice
somebody else should have done this well
tell her to drop it it's it's too late
at this fucking point he realized okay
you know what I'm going to do glasses
okay
all right who's got keys who's got keys
no but don't think we do or are we do we
do it's fine everything's i/o and the
police are called this Chasen's terrible
apparently yeah yeah that shit is
happening here no wrong way wrong way T
you're going backwards it's the other
way
just go backwards just help their
awesome power isn't it you left someone
what right go right nope not across the
bridge just try backwards yeah just
follow the road the way you're going now
no no no but like backwards while I'm
driving
hey wait for us dick all right well
she's going the wrong way
okay oh yeah she's going back across
more like an idiot that cars gonna end
up in the lake oh do you think this is
their purposefully doing it
what and you fail at life you don't get
you don't get to dress noses go they did
that on purpose
Jason you see what they did with the car
man look at that this is why I should
drive baby I want to say that they did
that on purpose they did that on purpose
that was worse than Jays driving
absolutely okay wait so where were we
Polk Alex and the I says my daughter
came six week early to the by emergency
c-section and is living in the NICU my
wife is being kept in hospital with
blood pressure problems thanks jack and
rich for some much-needed emotional
relief that sucks you can get through it
we believe in you we have so many good
games to play 8:00 Friday the 13th
streams this is one of the good games
jackass if you don't like watching it
fuck off I'm enjoying this sometimes
rich and I just like to play games we
like you imagine that I mean why aren't
we playing the games that they like
you're right let's do it let's do a
final fantasy I hate going on fun
adventures we're new and interesting
things happen just about every fucking
match I hate that if you haven't noticed
rich and I just like the game you know
we just want to play the game we like
but hey you know what you do you you do
you you know what I'm gonna do pack an
AK a bathroom repair
pack a knackered up
responded the death house
there's the fuse so this Jason isn't
terrible they'll be here any second
can we find a fuse before Jason shows up
lights are out
jacent to get the power where she did
so powerful ready go
s is already attitude
or someone grabbed all Jason's right
there
I do it he's doing good he's doing all
the things all the things we're doing
things yeah so I'm gonna say they
dropped off the fuse or something rare
didn't wrap it they came by here but
they didn't what all right I'll bite
that the other car is that the problem
all right
fuse or battery yeah yeah you can do it
you can do it okay let's see you're
tired incest is in general with the
issues DC and Lucasfilm have had it with
keeping directors on board in production
are we entering a new era of non tours
in studio production like the 50s and
60s no you know I know we were in a
Golden Age of entertainment hit hit the
T and I've got the keys I'm heading
towards the four seater in the studio
system we are seeing a rise of lean on
our tours and you know that that's been
going on for a while but you know Marvel
has ushered in the age of the producer
in charge and Marvel's been pretty
successful but we are another cars
leaving yeah is that the four and that's
the four seater it's all right
I'm gonna go for me in the car he should
be going for the car does he not know
that the car is moving Jason you idiot
No
Jason's fine take Jason Jason up t hit C
does anybody not the car have a battery
they carrying a battery
go leave sorry Deborah wait did they
leave I don't know if we find a car a
battery we just take the two-seater of
course of course oh okay yeah there
they're almost to the exit so uh the the
outdoor versus producer question we are
still seeing a shit ton of director
driven films they're just not getting
wide releases but we're seeing them on
Netflix and we're seeing them on Amazon
and we're seeing directors strong
directors get series now it's just
changing we're just not seeing them in a
wide release in the synonyms but we're
still getting them and I'd argue we're
getting even more awkward driven films
that get out movie was great you know I
could talked about earlier turbo King
the lovage there's plenty of examples
neon demon the green room there's plenty
examples of these you know director
driven pictures they're just not getting
wide releases but they're coming to
video on demand so go watch more video
on demand know the Netflix is not going
to destroy the film industry it is going
to be the new film industry it's going
to create a time Oh
does he have someone working with them
yeah
I think so I think they're just they're
not too concerned this is leave up sure
I was right fucking Twin Peaks is back
on TV you can't argue the lack of our
tourism and ignore David Lynch's TV show
coming back
oh that's right okkk JA the the the bong
joon-ho time to waste some time
absolutely
his next movies coming to Netflix just
just because you're not seeing why the
theatrical releases anymore doesn't mean
it's going away it just means it's
changing
Tim Salman yep
analysis do you guys have
oh how often you check the PIO box two
or three times a week okay what's what's
there are they're just wondering how
long it takes to see all of their shitty
VHS tapes
what you know it's worse what car
battery was sitting right there where
this is somewhere up the right oh I'm so
sorry Rachel do you think movie theaters
will do I think movie theaters will ever
go away no they will become exactly the
same as playhouses came they will be
less of them they will be they will be
niche but like we're already seeing so
like you know our big theater chain here
in Milwaukee is the markets
yeah the market cinemas the theater is
already adapting they actually have
their amount of seats in every theater
just to get those big-ass comfy chairs
bring people back in yeah they're they
have regular showing of indie movies
that have regular showing of events like
they played like the big Doctor Who
special they played in the Marc
Marcus cinemas you know they're they're
doing these things theaters and go fuck
themselves did the update ruin
firecrackers they have to it ruins some
stuff did it ruin firecrackers
specifically usually when I was playing
as Jason I couldn't get anywhere within
50 feet of a firecracker or I would be
stunned for two minutes yeah maybe they
tried to tweak it and they over tweaked
it they overt worked it they over nerfed
it
if only they wouldn't have to with
gimmicks like 40x right well they're you
know they're learning they're learning
but we're we're seeing a change in movie
theaters already they're going for
comfort and and they're playing stuff
that they don't normally play which is
it's all good all good things there this
is shit
what firecracker Perkis no shit okay
well now you know hey a fraud speaking
of showbiz pizza and dick the birthday
boy I now have a Showbiz Pizza robot in
my bedroom din laughs that's terrifying
this is what they have in their bedroom
no that's terrifying but congratulations
I suppose congratulations is in order
auto flag a later says sad to hear about
the passing of Sam paano Pulis who would
who invented putting pineapple on pizza
oh yeah
they invented pineapple on pizza then
they're just an idiot I don't care about
anything they did because it's probably
stupid mm-hmm
they go it's probably really stupid I
mean they made one really they're famous
for making one really stupid decision so
who knows what else they did in their
life really stupid Tim salmon says Jack
I think you're nuts the music and breath
of the wild is beautiful no it's not
Hetty no Villages theme is particular is
gorgeous I didn't care for it I did not
care for the music in breath of the wild
rich no now he's dumb yeah it's late
there's why bother it was what it was
why bother they thought they had to
because of the nature of the open open
open super open game but hated it it
didn't lead to good music whatever
whatever that's worth a bit Dibby Dibby
Dibby derivative him
that's crap
it's crap what you just heard right
there that was the music in breath of
the wild we didn't we did the score
you're welcome yeah private musician
puts it very well where he surprises the
magician says breath of the wild music
is non-intrusive
at the best right it's just nothing
Jason are you Oh Sammy I hate that Jason
visually yeah exactly but I think that's
the point when are you two going to do a
cooking stream
we're not yeah we could do a cookie
straight would be fun yeah I'll cook up
some shit man it'll be great you want to
do it I won't stop you I'm not cooking
right do a grilling stream it'll be oh
hello right away so for those of you who
don't know right there that's the phone
fuse now if rich can find a smoking box
on the outside of a house must be the
right kind of smoking box so you can
destroy like light fuses right look they
look similar when I see if anyone knows
where it is no so I if he can fix the
phone he can then call the police then a
five minute timer starts instead of the
20 minute timer and you can walk out
where the police are but we need our
pocket knives to disable all of the
traps he's going to set down right in
front of the phone box absolutely
without that
that's interesting jack cooks rich taste
test we did like a grilling stream on
grill up some hamburgers
hey Chad how's it going Gary
role-playing they're doing bits they're
doing what's hit Cena has anybody seen
the phone box you might have moved too
fast people a lot of people don't have
walkies this early too busy doing bits
well you can hear them making it harder
right those who are idiots they haven't
seen anything
you gotta learn how to judge people jack
to shame they're lucky if they can wipe
their own ass hey I I'd be toxic if I
were responding to them a spot where
they and crash
crash yeah crash was going on there you
go thank you rich gobbledygook says ever
see the wolf's just fine video love
letter to a new beginning the here comes
Jason song very arty farty but good dark
humor on Friday the 13th
check it out sometimes thanks
gobbledygook sigh don't think I've seen
that
yeah there are some P and you know what
what a lovely thing to add to the game
worse there are some people that you
just want Jason to kill and how like the
movie is that he's like I hope that guy
fucking dies this might be one of the
best games adapted from a movie ever
made
yeah it does a very good job of setting
up situations map kaleidoscopic yes you
have a pizza roll in front of your name
is there any reason to be over her do
you think someone I mean yeah people
leave shit on a second gas in there I
guess all over the place we need keys
I'll just drop the battery by the car
drop the gas by the car and go look for
keys except for Jason's hanging out over
there
well that's great angel mezzo angel
mezzo was saying that they made some
friends in college because people bonded
over their love of rlm now he's coming
right for us
there's a small glitch now where you can
actually see the red thing teleport
sometimes I don't think it's in pledge I
think that might be intentional
oh yeah what the hell is she wearing a
high 80s fashion look at that sweater
it's awesome
it's sweaters fucking great
I suck dude
huh she's got a good Jason yeah that's
fine
oh this is a fun kill I also like that
the more fun of you is the more the more
time it takes for Jason yep you know
there's that that's a nice risk reward
if you're Jason like I really want the
neat kill shoes and silly pants to match
those are great I don't care where you
coming
oh that's why two people looks like well
known to be more alive he killed three
of them all one got betrayed alright so
one person dropped out and if somebody
got betrayed it's possible someone's
working with him that person looks
pretty beat up too but maybe someone
else be a moment the only one left no no
all right no I know there was one time I
was playing a game and someone started
some shit with me they hit me with a
wrench yeah and and at first I thought
it might have been an accident but then
they they swung at me again yeah and so
then I said okay fine you want to fight
and I grabbed the bat and we fought and
I kicked their ass but then I get
negative a thousand points because I
betrayed them but they started the fight
I just finished it the game should take
into account who starts the fight or you
know if you aim a shotgun blast at Jason
and it accidentally hits someone else
like that shouldn't count as a betrayal
alright I'll stay for the experience but
I'm finding a different group yeah
agreed
half half the team was was those two
assholes
you Jedi gents we're dumb ass look
gobbledygook says no I'm not trying to
stop you from playing Friday the 13th
play it for a thousand strings but has
Jack seen ex machina between six-shooter
gorgeousness oh and DC Universe Online
is still for you fucks
I haven't seen next machina it looks
great actually a a game that I'm gonna
recommend us play next stream come on
thank you next my kinda does look like
fun I am going to suggest that we play a
game called three two one grenades which
it sounds dumb it looks kind of dumb but
it's it's a split-screen multiplayer and
it has a like a campaign and you just
plays people who throw grenades and you
get different grenades and it looks me
it looks cute rich and I bet it'll make
a fun stream 3 2 1 grenades and it looks
gorgeous
it doesn't look gorgeous but it looks
fun and there's a multiplayer mode
there's split-screen multiplayer but
there's also split-screen multiplayer
campaign so I'm I'm I got it it was on
sale it just came out and was on sale
for like seven dollars want to have
another good match before I leave
yeah yeah no good have all the good
matches you want opinions on darkest
dungeon I really liked it you played it
waited that much time so no yeah I
played it when it came to the Vita and I
really enjoyed it my problem with it was
as the game went on the micromanaging
aspects got a little too much you would
spend more time outfitting your
characters than you would battling and
sometimes I'd have you know like for me
I'm a mobile gamer you know like oh I
got I got twenty minutes here I'd spend
all twenty minutes just preparing them
for the fight and then I'd have to go
turn it off I gotta go do something and
then next time I pick it up I'd be ready
for the fight but I
would forget what I did to prepare them
for the fight so then I'd have to go
through and like a look at all their
stats again look the outfits I gave him
the things I gave him like who I'm
putting on the team and so like I really
enjoyed it though I had a lot of fun
dunt darkest dungeon inge overall I
think it's a good concept yep but but I
grow weary of it only because the
micromanaging aspects Baghead grew too
much but I have not run over buddy in
this game tonight but I have had a good
good escape with a car oh yeah you're
the greatest
motherfucker right by the car that's
like a horse about to spawn so Jason
when Jason when you play as Jason one of
the first abilities that becomes active
is your teleport ability and general if
you start with it generally speaking
Jason will teleport either to a car or
to the phone box fuse to start laying
traps down you smartest the phone box
fuse before you lays a trap down fuck it
right so your character the counselors
spawn randomly throughout the map and
sometimes you get unlucky and you spawn
near something important luckily Rich's
character has a really fast repair perk
so we're all over here man
in and out that was great rich that was
great nice in and out
I thought I couldn't procreate as well I
did that point that looks like a battery
talk to him make sure you tell me you
put gas in do we have key gases in we
need key gases in we need key
oh that's dope
now get my seat Oh someone blocked my
path to helps the helps oh god it's
happening again it's happening again
Oh this Jason's a grabber hello
oh he glitched off the map Oh sometimes
this game he got hit with a stick in it
knocked that hit that has happened to me
before where I will get glitched through
a map sorry to hear that
glitch winds are the worst windows crane
hend Christ you're not wrong Korean head
crisis that's the $40 mark of quality it
happens I'm not saying it's a perfect
game but I think it's worth it
you got a Jason kill so congratulations
people said you can't coach Jason I
killed Jason see I wanted some car
action oh you were right there you were
right there rich I'm sorry I'm so sorry
alright let's see here
gobbledygook says three to one grenade
contact is the secret it's the movement
when everything happens contact is the
answer it's the reason why everything
happens
let's make contact three two one contact
member I don't I'm sorry
that's the thing a big black Silvo I'm
pretty happy paying $40 for the two I
yeah
I've certainly got my money's worth and
then some out of this game well and you
get you get those moments that you can't
get in every game that time you had to
drive through the woods to get away from
Jason and and after you've gotten out
and backing the car eighteen times
because Jason was right there and
everyone's panicking but you rich that
time I pulled through fake Jason out by
the window when I knew he was gonna
teleport outside the second I started
going out so I went out right back in
you just teleport you just laughed at
him uh-huh that was great no or when
you're playing is Jason and you're just
slowly stalking someone you know they're
dying like hey hey it's great crankin
obviously if you want to wait to buy the
game until some bugs are fixed and or
the single-player campaign like oh my
god stop you sure it's gonna be Jason
that time didn't happen Raj and diagram
says hey guys excited for the solar
eclipse it's August 21st around noon in
Milwaukee don't forget those solar
filters lol wingus my dingus here in
Milwaukee we won't get to see the full
solar eclipse but I am planning a trip
I'm planning an eclipse trip because
it's passing through the middle of
America the sole where you can go to
certain parts of America and see the
full solar eclipse which is pretty damn
exciting rich is not as excited he's
into the game yeah but I'm super excited
about it so I'm planning a possible a
couple day trip to go see the full solar
eclipse cuz like you know this happens
not very often you what you want to go
see the Eclipse
and sell it on is it going through
Wyoming I was unsure it was even going
that far north let's see here I think
someone just handed me a map someone
just handed me a website with a map of
where it's gonna go
that's what I want where is it going
oh the map is loading may be parts of
Wyoming but I'm excited I'm excited I'm
gonna go I'm gonna I don't think it's a
very long drive block to ghost get out
of here that's not helpful
yeah you might want to rethink your
wyoming well you know what you can see
an earful eclipse if you go through
Wyatt Wyoming maybe South but check it
out they have maps they have maps of
where you can go to see the full Eclipse
and I'm excited I'm excited yeah I think
it'll make a fun couple I think I'm like
a fun couple day trip with with me in
the fam yeah I've got somewhere I see
the cellar Cookson come back exciting
road trip road trip kind of dad
aka Anonymous's Jack I know you guys
have had your doubts about VR due to
poor locomotion and gimmicky games but
soon we'll have full titles emerging
onto the scene like fallout VR so what
can you become a believable
didn't you just have a road trip yes we
did just have a road trip
I fucking love road trips I want all the
road trips all the time that's my thing
I do it all the time I love them I'm
taking a super long road trip in the
summer me and the boys are driving to
Canada and back and not close Canada
either far away Canada and it's gonna be
great thumb map we're gonna camp we're
gonna we're gonna drive all day and camp
all night you'll cuz I fuckin love road
trips as far as VR is concerned
rich and I while watching all the all
the III stuff came across the the
showing for Doom VR which got us a
little excited until we saw that you had
to teleport to move if you can't
teleport you'd probably get horribly
motion
yeah we're kind of fucked yeah yeah any
windows back there we're fucked
oh you're totally fucked well you got a
shotgun but that's not gonna help you
much
the backbreaker all right yes so yeah as
rich just said you don't have to
teleport regular motion is there for
people who don't get motion sick I get
motion sick rather easily you know what
rich as do I yeah we've gotten motion
both of us have got motion sick on this
very street while playing just regular
first fan shooters right I can only
imagine the type of sickness we will
come across with VR I have broken you
Batman yeah
the moral of the story is I'm still not
convinced in the awesome power of VR I
don't like the entry price point I don't
like wearing something on your face I
don't like the limited space or you've
been affecting you know open area there
there are many things I personally don't
like if you are into VR go go you have
fun have a great time there'll be a
great flight simulator on it it'll only
cost you $2,000 to get all everything
you need for it right right that's what
you're talking about as an entry point
of VR you're talking about a grand
that's insane
a grand if your PC is up to snuff for
nothing they're puking in space another
I'm wondering of jackets Wyoming and
Colorado confused I might be getting
Wyoming in Colorado which I thought
Wyoming was the more North won the
Colorado what's the one right below
Canada I thought that was wailing it's
virtual vomit nice oh alright so as you
see rich starts up for the teleport
ability he's so he's going for the the
car and the power if you knock out the
power they're not able to call in Tommy
Jarvis if the powers for the area the
Tommy Jarvis radios in it needs to be
that right it needs to be the right
power right but also the darker it is
the more afraid the councillors get and
so the easier they are to spot the the
less likely they are to heal up all that
fun Oh someone's in there someone's in
there that's a waste hello
we're coming for ya
and in the bed oh there in one of the
beds Oh mad trap strats rich didn't work
he placed it too close you didn't work
y'all mad Trapster oh we ran into this
same problem oh that sucks
y'all mad traps traps have no power over
us Kellogg's cornflakes no I have not
done any voice acting rich as though yes
you'll hear it soon all right we need to
get to that car fast
which one the other one ECAR oh yeah how
do you shut about two-seater boat is
there a boat the boathouse the boathouse
yeah I was gonna say there's not two
cars in a boat
I don't know I'm on the verge of buying
this game says kaleidoscopic but all the
glitches are kind of killing the vibe
there it happens the glitches happened
what I will say is I still think it's
worth it you get those good runs get
those good runs man
Oh evil that vision girl oh oh they got
a battery oh did you miss this one's got
the battery
he dropped it smart that's smart drop it
near the car what are you doing
ha
nope nope
you think steam sails tomorrow
what I I think this would be what do I
think this will be on sale ha that's
tough to say they're having a giant
weekend there they're giving all players
a bunch of points to spend on like hills
and outfits and perks and stuff and
they're having a double experience point
weekend if you play this weekend you
earn double experience points which you
don't get tunnel vision you've got it
Rick you got it which mean you get new
characters faster and you you get those
those in that in-game currency to buy
kills and outfits and stuff so it
wouldn't shock me if the game went on
sale right before the big fun weekend oh
really he's a fast little fucker every
once in a while you can get that to work
I can't like I get it I have a hard time
with that one
gotcha yay Oh
kill them all Jason kill them all also
this game is relatively new so probably
won't go on sale cuz you know it's still
relatively new in $40 trap mad trap
strats something blue guy in chat says
one game I saw a gameplay of that it
recommend is clone drone in the danger
zone
any time you shove their face on like
this one any axe one I look at to shove
their face in something that's the kills
I like where are the clone drone in the
danger zone is a game where you fight
robots in a multi level melee battle
arena and can upgrade your robot which
each new level that Oh car trap
didn't you hear this don't work anymore
Chlo and drone in the danger zone hold
on I'm gonna look that up Oh drone in
the danger zone
google it thank you some blue gang jet
I'll look that up Jack makes a grotesque
old man yes can I do a droopy voice I
don't know what does droopy sound like I
think that's a pretty good drooping
voice that's just that's just my creepy
old man voice the last one left I
thought I'd sold me one alive what did
he fall and saw someone else's trap or
did was he just leaving
grab your cheeks while you do it
oh no I don't think I can do it what
does Hollywood cop and why should I care
what other movie did that director do
samurai comp same director Sam Cameron
Mitchell okay those reasons you should
care the dick was he wounded
that one ooh we should watch it here
after extreme yeah movie Dix wants to do
a now it's a quick little fucker
hey oh nice nice try but coming for you
there's a part in the new best of the
worst that you guys are never going to
write well now I need to go home and
watch this new best of the worst never
going to what let rich live down
apparently yeah I know
great I was wrong about something you
were wrong about something
oh no rich how dare you how dare you be
wrong about something new best of the
worst is apparently 30 minutes did you
do 30 minutes on just Hollywood cut
that's great hello again
oh my neck my fucking neck what happened
oh he's smart
I like that ejector there's Amba droopy
I'll take I'll take Sambi droopy another
pocket yeah another pocket knife I
should always use that voice yeah that
maybe that's the voice I'd use if I was
gonna do it Jason babe
did you have a service to people left
six or seven one person then I want to
got away yeah well no one disconnected
oh because they were mad they were Jason
would be my guess sure sure
gotcha GG good game good game GG you did
a great job what's our plan do one more
on I'll do one more round
I could I could do I could do one more
this seems like an all right group
except for that guy who just made a
bunch of Slurpee noises don't much care
for slurping noises
no I want my bag head yeah I went during
the last best of the worst I went all in
you went all I went all in against J and
I was wrong you you went all in against
I went all in I said I was 100% sure of
something
Oh No and then J who edited them your
wanted to rub that right in your nose
yep alright that's fair that's fair rich
which one all in a fair - I want all in
on two pairs twos and sevens I'm not a
smart move but by the way you gotta
commit you gotta commit to it because
either you're right or they're gonna get
some comedy out of it right that's the
hope you got to commit to the bit you
got to turn into the spin
how do i tip the mods we love the mods
we appreciate our mods so much for
keeping best of the worst spoilers out
of the chat i've seen so many sex chat
spams tonight yeah
our mods are the greatest we appreciate
you mod so much I don't know how we can
tip the mods that happen think of
something some point sure
not back in okay I'm not Jason well I
split you from Baghead to part 6
no I switch it back to I'm switching
back to back yeah I tend to switch
between 3 and 6 that's fair I you know I
like 3 like he's first got good
door-busting abilities right no is it a
door said 9 I like that one
things aid that's the fun one I think is
8 and the deals been at the DLC 1 the
backer exclusive one that everyone's mad
about oh sure the hell Jason hell Jason
right the one that no one can use
neat-looking one though so the
scooby-doo mod really work with that
game have to be built from scratch it
could if you're just talking about like
skins the the question is like how much
could you mod the the gameplay rules if
you if you wanted to make it like we're
like the Scooby Gang doesn't get
viciously slaughtered and Plus
scooby-doo would need a whole lot of
modding oh sure you would probably just
need to take the same basic gameplay and
then just switch out things with
scooby-doo elements instead of getting
murdered to get bonked on the head or
tied up or something right
instead of fixing the guy you find in
clues or maybe you fixing the Mystery
Machine up oh I like it I like it
yeah and instead of like instead of like
finding stuff to fix the phone you have
to get all the clues to the mystery yeah
something like that
something could be down there but
keoki all right I don't know where you
left off cuz I was focused on the game
when I was playing yeah and I didn't
hear what you were saying sometimes no
problem
Major Tom servo says that you read major
Tom servo sure hold on for one second
walkie-talkie okay good months ago I
wanted on a date with an outdoorsy girl
one of her hobbies is Maurel foraging
and we're super impressed I'd heard of
it
thank you for helping me score some
early points with my now girlfriend yeah
you love them you're welcome Murrell for
ali reza says I highly recommend it
comes in the night oh I think you read
this I heard I want it I didn't know I
didn't read that no actually I heard
great things about it comes in the night
yeah the trailer makes it look like a
horror movie but it's just suffocating
atmosphere and tension yeah I've heard
I've heard really good things about it
comes tonight the ending will leave you
feeling worse than the mist oh my god
great that sounds great
we doing Jarvis motorboats don't you
hate it when you look at the objectives
and nobody has gotten shit done well you
know it's fine like and you're not
hearing any radio chatter so you know
that well we're leaving it near the car
you know you're not hearing stuff like
that what's worse is when you look and
like you see two blobs heading towards
the motorboat we're like well I can't
guess I can't do that someone else is
doing that one
well that's pens maybe they just have
one part you can like find like can of
gas you can go over there and steal that
motorboat I don't know if I talked about
the Sun stream I had somebody get mad at
me for stealing their boat yeah somebody
had put the propeller on the boat and I
had a thing of gas and I noticed the
boat had a propeller on it I I headed to
the boat of course there was nobody else
around the person who put the propeller
on the boat long gone long gone so I
fill the boat with gas I take off in the
boat and after they had died the person
who put the propeller around was like
super angry with me for stealing their
boat he's trapped in the car head north
I of course left that match as soon as
it was done because I knew he was just
gonna be griefing me in the next round
yeah oh you were wise to realize he was
on to you she's already been in here are
they on the boat are they on the boat
yeah you can tell Jason they're on the
boat Jason that's he I did I'm serious
check them out huh say I'm serious check
about I think Oh are they running from
the boat all right you know what he
knows where you are you might want to
just get out yeah
he didn't believe for the boat he's
right there they got they got away in
the boat Jason I need more stuff I got
car keys oh wait is the battery behind
that mattress I've seen that happen
before
and people just walk shit well I can't
do it now Jason's out there
you did fuck back window
shit yep hey that's the right call
damn it Jason follow someone else can't
huh
can't the boats already gone you're by
the car you know unless unless he hears
somebody fuck up on the phone he's not
leaving you may as well see what else is
in this house
why does Jason look so goofy because
they're using the retro NES skin shitty
Tommy Jarvis right sort of spray in the
bathroom I have a spray no no I'm a
spray knock a knife from keys oh I get
it oh sorry I get it
dang you know whatever I get it he may
have actually gone to take care of the
phone who Jason he might have wait music
stopped
yeah he's back someone you're right yeah
Jason take care of that person and I
want to go fix the car I'm gonna try to
go fix the car there's other people on
the map still though I know but you're
by the oh yeah I'm using stuff yeah do
they put guessing
you can let them know what the situation
is you have keys me I have keys and
battery shit Jason's right there
oh no he's kidding someone he's killing
someone but there's a trap there isn't
there
of course oh I'm fucking it
come on move move move in front of it
come on
yep okay battery pack at the car Jason
knows what we're going for here
tense right the tense
Oh Jason chasing someone else
fucking fuck Jason I'm gonna get credit
for that right why can't I somebody else
pop no they didn't like it oh you have a
health spray it it glitch I couldn't put
the battery in a glitched glitch glitch
Jason kill with it well you know what
the battery and the keys are now right
there oh that was I mean was I so hurt
that I couldn't I had my don't I don't
think glitched glitch because he
couldn't put the battery in yeah usually
when you stand in front of the car like
that and you're holding at the battery a
little prompt comes up for you to start
the little put the battery in mini-game
the glitch has nothing to do with Jack
running into the trap the glitch has to
do with not being able to pull the
battery we've got two traps I ran the
trap over the battery and then the
second trap that killed me that's fine
motherfucker fuck
shit ass motherfucker oh no that was the
super traps trap by the way that Jason
had the mad trap strats all over the
place great yeah let's uh we all cut up
uh yeah yeah we're all kind of you know
here's here's an embarrassing story yeah
yeah there's an embarrassing Friday the
13th story and hopefully it will
highlight the problem with glitches rich
yeah I was playing a game and some
people were fixing the car the cops were
called and while people were fixing the
car I actually just hung out by an exit
because Jason was preoccupied with all
the car fixers so I just kind of hung
out we had like two minutes left and I
hung out and that's it as the timer went
further and further down Jason wasn't
bothering me as it turns out I was
hanging out by the wrong exit because
the cops can come from one of two exits
yep my bad
but the car was coming down and so I
decided to just hang around see what
happened with Jason and all the car
people and the car came very close to
the exit and then it was just me and
another person and the other person
started running away towards the cops
and Jason decided to follow that person
leaving the car wide open the completely
fixed car wide open so I got in the car
and waited for the start the car prom
yeah yeah and it didn't come and you
have to press a to start the car so I
hit a and Ida left the car shit I must
have done something wrong I got back in
the car hit a again to start the car and
I didn't see the prompt in my head there
must have been a glitch Yeah right yeah
shit there's a glitch and so then by the
time I got out like the third time Jason
had come back for me and killed me as it
turns out I didn't need to start the car
it was already started I could have just
hit the gas and left immediately you
told me that I regretted so much that
you were not streaming I know his laugh
would have pierced many people
but but like that's the problem with the
game that has so many bugs is you're
never quite sure if you're doing
something wrong or if it was a bug the
people afterwards I was in a very good
group and the people afterwards said
that they were just yelling at the
screen waiting waiting for me just to
drive the damn car out of there and I
didn't let's see if I missed one
Mississippi I didn't get it blackjack I
know I know classic Jack I'm sure
reading well I figure this shit out sure
this is the point in the stream in which
we thank all the people who have
subscribed to us during this stream much
like Tron or no trod no three one one
who says is this how you attach a
message to subscribing
yes Troad no three one one rewinds
something I'm not seeing a miss tip
rewind something there were a couple
anonymous ones that I glossed over I
mean yeah I mean I'm not saying it try
Xing out and starting it up again just
just to err on the side aeryn aeryn
let's see here's cinnamon cinnamon says
in our hearts you guys are the top of
red letter media are are the top of the
red letter media Cinematic Universe well
behind best of the worst and blanket I
also have in the back but way way above
game station 2.0 well thanks cinnamon we
appreciate it
let's see here purple space bazooka who
has subscribed to us for 29 fucking
months in a row says hey you groovy hack
frauds twenty nine months and glad to be
part of this summer camp murder spree
curious is there anything from e3 you
guys are looking forward to take care
and Friday my 13th personally I'm
interested in that spider-man game that
could be interesting no I like the
spider-man's a lame Arkham game with
shitty QuickTime events
fucking not saying it could be fucking
wrong but I if I'm gonna get hype for
anything it's gonna be that oh that ugly
costume man that dumb ugly white spider
but maybe there's a lot of combat maybe
there's just swinging around and doing
something I like that but what we saw
didn't look that exciting the parts of
Arkham Knight that I liked we're just
flying around the city and running it at
a group of guys and fighting them no no
that was that was the part of Arkham
Knight that I really liked if I can do
that a Spider Man I'm okay bruiser ink
says I added the extra eye to my name
hope you guys are happy not my fault
13-year old me couldn't spell and 32
year old me isn't any better WSC telegin
for 35 fucking months in a row as far as
I know telegin does not have cancer so
we are not doing the fireworks a month
early we've established the rule yeah if
you have cancer yeah you get fireworks
at 35 absolutely or whatever I mean you
know let's be honest as long as you're
even remotely close this new subscriber
over 14 months in a roses is the watcher
on are you reading this we are and it is
dark wings muck says I just found out
last month that I can subscribe for
three for free through Prime I could
have been subscribing to you bums for
the past year whoops
my apologies you prick beer coaster
welcome welcome
oh that's what you're welcome no you
pregnant I mean thank you thank you you
prick I think what Richards trying to
say
tofu ace who says ahoy-hoy don't you
worry dark wing schmuck it's up to
Amazon now if they can afford organic
grocery stores they can afford this
dynamic duo
let's get fraudulence that's true Amazon
just bought Whole Foods interesting
interesting
well they've also like Amazon has
recently started like a food delivery
service not just like like groceries but
like restaurant food like Amazon is
getting everywhere in the future yes is
every store are going to be Amazon is
that the only way you're gonna be able
to get any kind of goods it's kind of
looking like that is through drone
delivery of Amazon yeah yeah yeah and
I'm gonna be kind of okay with the
economy's gonna be fucked yeah it's
gonna be no one's gonna have money
everything's gonna collapse
it's gonna be just a big vortex of death
and poverty but for like a month it's
gonna be great I'd like for a month I'll
be able to get like I'll get be able to
have beer deliver it to my house by a
drone and it's gonna be great in a world
with no competition one company has what
it takes to ruin America once like like
they've they've already swallowed up all
the big box stores right it's all Amazon
now once they find a way to swallow all
Walmart's pretty strong stole oh sure
Walmart don't deliver to my front door
like Amazon do once they find a way to
swallow up all of like the mom and pops
like if Amazon buys Etsy we're done
we're just done okay all right and set
flow pathetic which is my where other
this one uncle of lies here's my monthly
tithe to the Church of hash tag project
Hornet whatever the hell that is
possibly possibly nothing possibly a
story someday we got nothing we got
nothing to show for it so far it's fine
it's fine don't worry Potter what no you
know what I have a lot of emails well I
know a lot of emails to cheer for ah Lee
Raza for 16 months in a row Holi Raza
says Jack you keep the front heel of the
breads so that the next piece doesn't
start to dry out oh the butt the front
button of the bread
um it's in a bag man it's in a bag well
a lot of nothing goes I am wishy-washy
and stupid by the way not because of the
other people are working on project
Hornet or doing very good work the army
of people we have helping with the army
of two we have an army of two who are
working very hard on project Hornet
maybe we should yeah maybe they say no
we're at one point we're moving for
great at this point in the in the
timeline of project Homer is it is out
of rich and eyes hands it's into the
people who actually know what they're
doing and so basically like it's emails
back and forth and they're talking about
things I have no idea what they're
talking about so all right I just kind
of got uh oh yeah where we had no fear
no envy for 28 fucking months in a row
no fear no envy says Who am I
a little man who spent 27 years of his
life as a cop trying to put big shots
like you away 27 years in the filth and
the dirt in the streets and they ain't
no music down this classic classic
voodoo manga guns ax or sub magma guns I
think it's mama oh yeah voodoo oh mama
Gonza nice exploding varmint deflator
mouse nice he's turbo Jesus five
thousand dobos oom oom lamby says it's a
magical day mister sweaty pants Jordanna
Jordanna says I bought up the Barbie
board games I bought up the Barbie board
games on eBay well Jordanna
joke's on you cuz I already got mine and
actually for Father's Day weekend I
forced all my friends to play it how did
that go they loved it of course because
it's ridiculous
they loved it I still have not been
queen of the prom so I'm going to say we
have to play it again I will not stop
playing it until I'm Queen look it's
just a lovely
like I'm like a time capsule yeah I just
want I wanted it in my collection even
if I only play it a couple times but I
got it I got the nice one with the nice
arts hemp 78 nie bleah she'd just say do
we say Jordanna but I miss Jordanna I
did Jordanna you did your go that I see
it now I read what they said now what
mid brings and brings a pill yeah
nonsense and a bad guys' love the stream
and the YouTube show thanks jack and
rich you're welcome kai lined a six lump
oh yes
lugubrious lugubrious the fuck is up
with your names people's lugubrious
heirs are you getting the errors that's
their errors oh there's an errors after
that sick sick name oh all kinds of
fucked up lugubrious as it is a tricky
word six laborious errors lugubrious
well they fucked up our names too so
it's fine this is hi Joe and Rick oh
okay good
I knew you guys talked about this ages
ago but I just need to agree that Rob
Liefeld is a fucking hack oh god the
worst hack he's a dick
he's a dick and a hack a dick hack he's
passionate about comics sure I'm
passionate about space travel that
doesn't mean I should be designing
rocket ships I'll be a whole lot of
entertainment another SpaceX ship is
blown up today we we would be mad but
we're making so much money in the
pay-per-view that it's kind of paying
for itself in seventy five attempts not
one rocket has failed to explode on the
launch pad here's the thing they're
exploding and new and more interesting
ways the thursday's attempt at the
SpaceX launch the rocket started
spurting burning jet fuel all over a
crowd of thousands row build-up
thank you for subscribing just this guy
you know for 30 fucking months in a row
says this makes me feel old yaadon 78
evil crash 914 months in a row
silly putt d okay DJ man 1975 respected
citizen unknowns are strikes L W take a
brash a dirty gray brandy B whiskers
cuddles captain Canada says loving this
new best of the worst spotlight series
Oh Hollywood cop was a great first
episode keep it up you had frauds I
can't wait to see it can't wait to see
how it turned out this time
it's lupus for 20 fucking months in a
row says hey rich and Jack I've had some
serious stomach issues who excuse me so
I've missed some streams I swear it's
like every day ends in I think that's a
joke it's kind of the odd chance that it
might be considered a best of the worst
spoiler sorry this time it's like yeah
top ramens for 28 fucking months in a
row says yo thanks for the new bTW the
future famous person says Wow 9 months a
little bit longer than the directors
worked on the Han Solo solo film before
their asses got fired
take that Lord and Miller go back to
creating quality and profitable rehashes
of other people
property Lord Miller haha go go back and
make another successful movie John
Elway's teeth this is five months of
prime 7 ye f ro FET turn smuggler 44
bars one in one stir Jamal troll purple
Toon Link walrus to the brush Tim
Salmons and Boren gentleman bears who
says I was excited for my twitch prime
loot box but then I got a jug Angie's
skin and I was sad there are people who
can mein Genji I still like Genji is so
I've never been able to have a
successful he's gay he's the sword guy
right he's the sword a game that's full
of guns but like he has throwing stars
but like Ganges all about movement and
like he climbs and he he has the he has
the ricochet he can parry yeah
so if someone shoots at him he has a
thing that shoots their bullets back at
them and he can be incredibly powerful
with the right Gangi player so you need
to be good you need to be good and I'm
just not good enough to be game ji main
space Jack 2084 for 16 months a neurosis
it's a long road that's got no end but
at least I get to see digital teens
stumble around trying to escape a giant
that's true we got that going for us
that Bojack turned core Oh
hardcore says I went to poop earlier and
I watched you guys wow I pooped using
the twitch mobile app which is available
for iOS and Android devices possibly
still on the Windows Phone car go to the
twitch the to the twitch app to watch us
on the go subscribe like comment using
the switch Prime you're so fucking
pathetic right
Tyrande the ancient 18 months in a row
eric of the north says thanks for all
the awesome streams you are the best
lady Denning from nineteen months in a
row El Pollo Diablo six five seven says
you are very right rich incentive to
stop dicks might be the most important
thing in a multiplayer game yeah anybody
who leaves early it should be like you
get the guaranteed three matches where
you're not gonna be Jason then if you do
it again that's three more yeah and it
stacks up until you get to 20 the the
tough thing the tough part about that is
figuring out who like left a game
because they're not Jason and who left a
game because of like a network
connectivity issue right right and so
it's like then you got someone who just
can't be Jason because their internet is
shit or something and that D
incentivizes them from playing but this
one Ivan Lee mazed and Confused numb
dosa ass are ba 81 John 1089 421 fucking
months a neurosis thanks for keeping me
company while I study you guys are great
here's hoping that your academics
prosper Quinn sobbing niak this is rich
did you hear how every day ends oh yeah
aimless course Eris's good evening Hugin
and Yunnan was a big fan of the novel
I've been quite enjoying the American
Gods TV series Wow and they either have
either of you read the books or seen the
shows it's one of my favorite books
really really interesting modern fantasy
about myths and America and I'm not
familiar with either I do hear good
things about the show
yeah it's a Neil Gaiman book okay
so I've heard good things about the
books in the show I haven't done haven't
seen either already their quality pick
soul says pineapple on pizza is amazing
lol love thy neighbor colitis bunk it's
done you should have just brought it
wrong deliberately that's what I would
have done I would have said pineapple is
the worst topping on pizza lol love thy
neighbor and I would have just left it
at that sure sure that's the way to do
it that's why I do it
cool I know Skype in 20 says hey Jack
and rich longtime viewer of a short time
suburb of U of you talented fucks but
off-the-wall question what's your
favorite kind of sandwich and toppings
also jack did you ever get into MF DOOM
MF DOOM is a rapper no and I haven't I
have not gotten into MF DOOM I know he
like he is he's one of the big names as
far as the indie hip-hop scene is
concerned just never got around to him I
don't even know if I've heard an MF DOOM
song sandwiches what's never spend a
sandwich in a burger a burger is a type
of sandwich so the burger counts as a
sandwich sure okay good double
cheeseburger lettuce tomato mayonnaise
onions mayonnaise
you know what mayonnaise on a burger is
is I think an underrated condiment yeah
I love mayonnaise on a burger get that
get that fucking mustard out of here
I'll throw up
I don't want ketchup anywhere near my
goddamn cheese and you know what pickles
can just fuck off too
not nowhere near as bad as the
aforementioned you know I don't need
them you don't need them if you don't if
you don't have Mayo I'm okay with cheese
pickles on my burger cheese and pickles
I don't think pickles and mayo
necessarily go well together but you
know if we're if we're talking
traditional sandwiches you need you need
some crunch in there right so you need
some nice lettuce not like that that
like fluffy green stuff like the green
spin Billy stuff that's I hate that -
you need like iceberg crunchy yes I'm a
Mayo person so you know for me it's like
meat lettuce mayo I'm not big on
tomatoes unless they're diced onions I
think can go fuck off but Mayo Mayo Mayo
all the mail all the mail everywhere and
if you're not if you're not counting
burgers as a sandwich I just I don't
have a particular favorite great where
did that leave off that that's a great
question I think you're on this one
actually I think you are on that one
because I read the previous did you yes
it did well there you go Emperor
guillotine chronic kidney disease
gibbous moon for twenty two fucking
months in a row Shibboleth TC 209 says
hello lol ride my Jade uncool aid man
for 32 fucking months in a row says 32
months in a row that's longer than I've
ever done anything
oh God now zuru for 12 months in a row
and the zuru says prereq f bot push
level dougie jones dougie Jones says
I've never done anything for six months
Ryan from MI or Michigan as it should be
right Am I yes Michigan says get out of
my dreams and into my car nice no
seriously get into my car we're running
away from Jason go quickly quickly I
better be the fucking driver well do
your car okay okay
ah Schmitt 84 for the side did the sushi
did nuts I wanna say foo see dydz nuts
who see dydz nuts
great a booty smack Iraq and booties
smack Erick says thanks for the awesome
work guys
fluff my muff consider it fluffed thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it
alright so so the Hans solo solo movie
what is seriously now what is the big
deal
okay so Lordan Miller the important
thing about them as directors is they
work really well with already
established property and they always
find a fun twist to put on their movies
making it interesting for critics and
audiences alike so they're being fired
from a movie that's already an
established property doesn't make any
sense
because they they make money on their
movements
