Episode 812
3...2...1... Jason!!!
August 1, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tTl_KN0o1t8
___________________________________________

yes let's do that we might be quiet on
London what I'm never flying you might
be quiet I'm never one you know i audio
is always such a tricky thing with this
because you know because we we fluctuate
so much you never want to go too high or
else we blow everything out and
sometimes we are quieter sombre and I
could be in a vacuum and my voice would
pick up it's true it's true hey
everybody welcome welcome welcome
is that a Hawaiian shirt kind of this is
my I've been eating like garbage for the
past week shirt and I'm feeling very fat
so I put this on to hide my fat stomach
okay
shirt we all know and you're hiding
nothing huh you're hiding nothing I'm
just trying to be honest we make that
music stop oh my god
oh my god what is this what are we doing
what are we doing we're playing three
two one grenades profile there we go
you're here you're playing through right
you get thrown you're gonna have me use
the controller to your meeting I think
that's fine it's fine you already got
the here you got the fucking keyboard
mouse on your lap I see what's going on
if you tell me now if you want to change
because you know I'm more control it's
fine rich you tell me now we can switch
if it's absolutely terrible
every player one name's jack what
profile am i selecting you go to create
go to create you can do this we're
playing three two one grenades which I
don't know anything about except for
that it looks kind of cute and I wanted
to play remember you said that Friday
the 13th was boring when not you the
check
oh yeah chat was done with Friday the
13th so you know play one is ready all
right let's do a quest here let's look
at the old quest aroni
see what this is Friday 13th is great
and well not the whole chat no I saw a
few comments I think it's also important
for us guess which of them I know you're
not a high of mine right I think it's
important to switch it up try out some
new games you never know rich you never
know when you're gonna find that game
that you love I'm not saying that this
is definitely gonna be it you know it
could be it could be a fun whoa I'm
clearly on the bottom rich is on the
bottom can we change it can I be in left
and right
whoa would you do three four night at
the pub okay whoa
okay the longer you hold the trigger
button the longer you like the farther
you can throw your grenade I just know
the shot and you ruined it
what are you talking about he's talking
to the guy you stopped to do this I'm so
sorry
the whole thing well because you already
did it and okay sorry you already did it
I'm sorry that's fine okay there's a big
my way let's go over here what what
there was a truck hope you found a
golden grenade security protocol locks
down all doors in case of emergency
you'll need to find more golden grenades
to open the door in the factory the wind
grenades by playing matches against your
friends or against bots after you
collect ten go to the portal room that's
where the monster is I see okay let's
see if we can find any golden grenades
you ever picked up a bomb hey not fair
grenades at me Mike
why not why wouldn't I have bombs
are these infinite bombs are
can't seem to blow up the boxes I
thought there might be both dummies you
should absolutely be able to blow up
boxes what about this alright let's see
what we can let's see we can do this
supposedly has a campaign moment not
it's not just one player versus one
player but apparently we need to oh you
found you found golden grenades yeah I'm
all over this shit did you find Marty
Marty where are you damn near breaking
the map with my lead skills Jack know
how apparently oh oh wait it's like a
shitty mario 64
except for you throw grenades why are
some of these purple there's a reason
for this right some of the boxes are
purple can you blow them up with
Burnett's
no that's all we have is grenades range
riches done already
which it you know it's fair you know I
knew that was a possibility it's a
little pink too
oh look you can punch stuff you know you
can probably stuff yes I did oh it
doesn't seem at all useful no no not at
all not over here I got out everything's
fine everything is fine
hey Chad how's it going sorry we got so
engrossed in the world of three two one
bombs oh wait did you see if their
windows are broken that's good
okay call good good okay have a good
notice can you get in them Oh probably
not three two one refund wait a minute
two of those windows are broken yeah
can like if we land on a bomb can I have
this jump
I will be I'll be honest with you the
only reason that I thought we could play
this today is because it said it had a
single-player mode all right like a
campaign you know I was told I was told
that this had like a I'm not versus each
other campaign mode jumped up some stuff
and so I feel like it's false
advertising that this has a one player
wait let's throw women can you get them
in the holes for the other one dome how
do we extend the range of them for nod I
don't think the gate
apparently we have to go and do this oh
wait is that enough I went in the door
oh yeah see look um we're just dumb rich
the door just opened you didn't have to
blow it up with the golden grenades no
cuz these doors have like this is mario
64 see we have two golden grenades so we
can go into one door
this one over here by me I don't know
the difference okay
so great paintball arena oh did you need
to look okay eat your heart out splatoon
this game beat you to it
I killed myself
come on for you rich I'm gonna paint the
laws you have a grenade eat my grenade
blue yeah so what you're saying is
you're a douchebag yep
well I already killed myself on accident
so I needed to kind of like reset it so
rich I have an important question for
you it sucks it sucks I have an
important question for you yeah what
game do you want to play I was listen
this is a great shirt and I'm glad that
everyone is enjoying my great shirt
wait there's a thing up there no more
get it get that : grave yo I was I was
led to believe by the game's commercial
that this was this was a campaign an
adventure campaign where we could go and
fight monsters and stuff which by
throwing grenades and it looks pretty
fun I feel like this game has absolutely
lied to me I'm sorry I feel like I have
been lied to
yeah what's happening I don't know it
are we captured a pardon three times
let's capture the pod yeah no no
picked up a bomb
Oh neat
dang it rich darn it darn it all the
heck
yeah I killed you with a bomb oh I
captured the park
come on pug round two round two
congratulations right
get out of town boom I got my mad pug
catching strats now rich you can't stop
it you can't stop it
said it
let's pick up the bug
yeah a town with it all
damnit damnit
it's not bad game now that I'm sure the
pug is cute paint the walls was dumb as
fuck
damn damn damn damn it rich
that's right rich is the prom queen
tiny mode okay let's see we got this is
garbage please stop with you know what
what happened to Vulcan Stephen what did
happen to voltage team we played it I
was more bored by Wolfenstein than I was
this well game focuses huh okay Motors
let's just kill each other this is just
deafening but we're tiny
if you know
shit he handled it
um
last kill
last kill
I feel like oh wait what happened to the
last kill okay I feel like I don't I
don't know what happened
okay great best dreams are when no one
looks at chat not even chat yeah yeah
listen we're we're just we're checking
this out oh shit no but that's not what
I wanted to do oh oh look at that
thank you no this is the mark of quality
when in-game graphics obscure in-game
menus I'm sorry I'm sorry
you should be what's gone what Oh
apparently if I quit the overworld that
doesn't mean you quit the overworld
could you quit overwork because this is
just get five kills
you're about to check out yeah you know
check out what they're about to get to
give up and leave that's possible listen
sometimes all right well times you got
to make a call
what's the plan huh what's the plan the
pull of the plan is simple we're gonna
try one more area okay one more map area
see if there's any more game modes yeah
and then we're gonna find something else
to play
all right that's that's a simple plan as
I got and that's all I can do can you do
some kind of single-player I mean yeah
the whole thing is single-player it care
can be single-player how do you do the
deathmatch one single-player get five
kills lets us make any sense of bots
throw a grenade Anna don't look at that
area look on punch it check out this map
see if there's anything Jack made this
game in secret no no I just thought it
looked cute laptop that I don't know
did we not plug it in that's impossible
I can't pick tubes really great they're
the plug goes right over there
yeah that's pretty bad games pretty bad
guys
like I don't feel like I was looking for
too much here he's just like go around
I'm just curious what did you see in
this well you know it looks cute yeah
and you know the idea of like basically
a first-person shooter where you only
have grenades okay person shooter where
you only have grenades and but then I
figured it would be like a normal first
person shooter where like it had levels
and you know bad guys to fight but it's
all just fighting each other so I
thought it I thought it would be a fun
ain't no especially for screaming
where's the gala you know what this
would be a silly mindless thing we'll go
through these levels and we'll throw
grenades at bad guys and that'll be
something easy to stream while we talk
about nonsense you're joking aside if
you're if you're enjoying this you can
keep playing it's not a big deal it's
not a big deal I am NOT enjoying it you
see I am NOT enjoying it at all I think
it's actually kind of dumb Wolfenstein
Friday the 13th was FTL or the the
light-hearted Star Trek Oregon Trail I
never remember the name of that one a
ton of things we could do ton metric ton
next come on it was not in the mood I'm
not in the mood to get my exercise I
don't even want to get in the mood
because I need to start flying
wolfenstein every last thing I needed to
get a huge XCOM sidetrack I you know
what I didn't play the new one yet I
start applying me I actually started
playing some of the older ones start
playing classic Wolfenstein oh yeah yeah
oh cool yeah and you know um the thing
the thing about Wolfenstein is I also
find that to be incredibly boring and I
did not want to play Wolfenstein anymore
oh yeah
no one are they you don't think old or
the new order to order yeah where it's
just it's so standard and it has so many
cutscenes and I don't necessarily the
story is fine and I like the setting and
the world is fun but I just the levels
are too short and it does it's not
holding my attention that's that's my
official review of war Finch shines as a
new order that was a big failure that's
all I had rich it should happen sharing
so you don't so when I don't wanna shine
I mean if you would like to play
Wolfenstein then you play Wolfenstein a
now I wanna I want to I want to get into
that on my own time I don't want I don't
want
oh no I'm serious because it's like it's
got a lot of cutscenes and story so I
just I just don't want to be too
distracted when I'm playing a core of
course alright so but I have to put the
the burden on you right now because I
came with three two one grenades and I
failed fridge I don't give a shit if we
do more Friday than the strength a third
team for all I give a shit okay well
let's do that then just put it on I
would love to play just put it on
that'll be fine or rocket League we
haven't done rocket League in ages you
know what I feel like rocket League
though there's not enough down times
worth yeah what it's not good for
chatting Friday the 13th is pressed for
chance that's what I like about Friday
the 13th though
perfect for chatting hiding in a closet
yep alright
Friday the 13th it is let's uh I'm sorry
everyone
Oh Jack it's fine wanna try some new you
wondered there could've been a hidden
gem Jack
well that's that's all I can say is you
know and that was a bad game we I knew
it as soon as we started playing it I
didn't have the foresight button I will
never stop trying new games never ever I
will never stop trying new games because
I want to find those hidden gems but hey
buzz it has been a while since we played
rock idli gravity so out of practice at
this point oh right also yeah we we
start playing rocket League and you just
can't pay attention to chat you can't
pay attention anything so nothing wrong
with a little rocket League all right
summer camp boom the laptop is updating
Windows is updating of course of course
it is get your update on bitch
and then for this one we have to turn
the brightness up a little bit don't you
do that in-game huh would you do that in
game I don't rather than focus for
future streams and I'm not gonna
remember where to go to do this maybe
I'll come in yeah you know I'll be
honest with you I don't know if you can
do it in game 3 can do things that or
you can do that every semi-competent PC
game you can know you cannot bind keys
in Friday the 13th but I'm curious to
see now aren't you yes I am give me one
moment to change our text here and we
will find out if you can
that game have you been recognized
playing it no no I have not have you yes
a number of times I have a fairly
distinctive voice though well that's
true that is very true
no I have not I've been recognized
playing overwatch by people you know how
this game likes to crash frequently yeah
there's people out there who probably
think I'm a douche bag yeah there's a
group of people who recognized me as
rich Evans uh-huh oh yeah yeah yeah and
then like right then game she was to
chose to boot me Oh news fans yeah I
look like a huge fucking dick sorry rich
this other time people got the car fixed
yeah I didn't know they had the car
fixed I just I looked at the the
objectives and I was kind of close the
car pop oh they had the gas and the
battery in the car I had the keys and I
started running towards them hey guys
I've got the key and then I got
disconnected so to them some jackass was
running towards them sick and they
screamed about keys things collapsed
followed it down
um no rate o gamma o gamma there it is
yep I was about to say no but we got a
game of setting
there we go okay you wanna you wanna
play first I don't give a shit and I'll
be I'll be uh I'll be in charge of
pressing the T button that's the other
person's job of course did we have it
set to press to talk is uh that's that's
up to you got it you gotta check that
that's up to you
okay great oh you don't have who this is
me this is that's right I'm logged into
steam so you might not have your perks
that you used to and what do you even
have four perks I have some good ones
actually I have some decent perks so
it's a bit late now to fuck with that
we're about to start we'll see what I
get
uh hey everybody
lots of talk about I got a lot to talk
about we can we can chat about a lot of
things I was kid free for the majority
of last week yeah and I spent all of
that time catching up on a zillion
movies yeah oh and I feel great about it
and going out to eat like every every
lunch and dinner because there are a lot
of restaurants in our area that are not
necessarily kid-friendly you know we're
like they don't have like kid food yeah
but you know me and Lisa want to go
there we were kid listen now and we're
gonna go to nice restaurants you know
what I had you know I had a bone marrow
butter burger bone marrow butter burger
it would so you know as a burger with
this big hunk of bone marrow butter just
dripping on top what makes bone marrow
butter it is it is butter infused with
cooked bone marrow okay and so it's this
like it's butter that's rich
and needy drizzled on top of a beautiful
hamburger with like fried onions and
spicy aioli and it was gorgeous
we're perfectly average Jack that's
funny I've never started there before
that is so weird
maybe they're mixing up where people
start out in the middle of nowhere where
I'm not near a campsite that's just
fucking peachy no the sandwich you were
supposed to guess on Twitter was a
croque monsieur my joke on Twitter today
was we are that we were going to play
guess the sandwich and so my my hint to
people was Italian meat and press
toasted yeah which is a croque Monsour
all right everybody that's a fucking
huge head start on me why I didn't start
your cab more and go on loopers yeah my
teleport oh yeah he teleported away from
me he's gonna be fine you're fine you're
fine
so a croque monsieur's
which is mostly it's basically a croque
monsieur's is like a ham panini with
cheese on top but it's like pressed
really nice it's it's a really good
sandwich also if you are not into ham
and more into Turkey I believe that's
called a croque madame croque madame
yeah I have it's like a it's like it's
kind of like a Hawaiian shirt but it's
not I don't know
Crocker my dumb you like a croque madame
better I prefer them on sewer I prefer
the ham over the turkey but you know
separate each their own
and so there's a like a lot of times
it's ham but some people were like throw
other like Italian meats in there like
salami and it's it's a delicious cookies
nice get the tea just found keys
okhta is not one of the movies that I
got to see though I am very excited to
see it okay ah the new movie by the
director of snowpiercer damage
what walkie-talkie you let other people
that's my personal walkie-talkie rule is
you let other people know you got a
walkie-talkie so I did not get a chance
to watch oke job but I've a pit Jason
who has gas I did get to see split
finally he that's that's what he
typically does the the M night movie and
I saw the neon demon which was fantastic
I met spring under camp if you got a
bucket knife for backup I got the fuse I
just don't have a good repair huh that's
nice people are talking that's great
that I'm sitting raised is it
okay let's get to some tips here
anonymous says where lies the strangling
fruit that came from the hand of the
sinner I shall bring forth the seeds of
the dead to share with the worms that
gather in the dark the car yeah no he's
smart he's a smart Jason hanging out by
the car
and cephalo pathetic says rich it was an
honor and a privilege to have driven you
to safety the other day here's some
money go buy yourself a pocketknife oh
that's one of the people I was playing
with who probably thought I just ditched
them yep and so they're they're donating
o-ring when I hit the swing button
tranq him stunned oh good we got a tummy
nice alright getting get in get in get
in here
think you have a full car to just run as
soon as you get it I can run for the
biggest is what we are full enough
we have three I'm okay with three okay
all right no that's great I'm good this
is Jason not very very did you that's
some fucking driving you are the world's
best backwards driver that was amazing
thank you
that was amazing rich Evans you won't
see that in a horror movie now you'll
see that in a really bad horror movie
where the killer can't get anyone I'm
good I'm so glad that was on camera
beautiful all right let's see here I am
Chester says I don't care what you guys
play but I may have a compromise between
Final Fantasy Tactics people and Rich's
principals a clone of Final Fantasy
Tactics called dis dis Gia it's on Steam
it could make for an interesting stream
so it's a tactics game that's kind of
like Final Fantasy Tactics but it's
technically not a Final Fantasy game so
you won't have to compromise your
tactics is you just run up to the enemy
and take turns hitting each other until
one of them is dead I'm less interested
like I don't know no Final Fantasy
Tactics is like a grid all right all
right is from what I hear but we tried
that with what was the Viking one
oh yeah well and they're just kind of
kind of dull yeah
what was the banner saga banner saga
light tactics and Oregon Trail
good old banner saga I know they made a
sequel to that are you ready to be a
girl no yeah yeah they already barrier
girl like this she kind of she kind of
look like a girl from this okay I mean
like that was his one-liner and he just
don't pick up a mail camper and so to be
fair Jason is a special case he's a
special needs kid thanks Jason let's see
here sigh rust the mild cold says hi
hacks did you ever consider playing a
bonafide
roguelike the emergent storytelling
could work well in a stream I'm playing
a rogue would like called cave of wood
right now it's a lot of fun you know the
bonafide it roguelikes I wait a full car
yes I don't even know I think so yeah I
think you had a full car well somebody
got out with a boat maybe maybe
now like I said I really think three
people got in besides you but I could be
wrong nothing against the bona fide
roguelikes
just you know visual presentation can
sometimes be a problem so III think I
have cave of quad on my steam wish list
as a bonafide roguelike yep that's all I
got I'm sorry oh you know what other
movie I watched this week this week with
with my kid free time yeah just because
I could is Irie watched Star Trek beyond
yep
what a fun fuck what a fun movie I
noticed that it was a it was it's free
on Amazon Prime yeah because it's such a
great fucking movie so the best thing
ever but no it's damn fun then fun start
right cute cute adventure you know what
it is is an incredibly competent space
adventure it's yeah it's um yeah I guess
this is slightly more incompetent Star
Trek 2009 slightly more confident yep
you said more incompetent oh did I say
yeah you sure I said I'm pretty sure you
said in I thought is it just slightly
more yeah well you said it's slightly
more if I did that was an accident right
that's why I just wanted something more
competent at a slightly oh you know what
I might have also gonna say it probably
started say in character in a more yeah
sure slightly more in character Kirk yes
yeah thousand nine thought Kirk was just
like a nothing but a horndog right
that's it an asshole horndog Action Man
yeah yeah up here here like every you
know they spend time figuring stuff out
how are we gonna do this let's use our
minds but they still you know punch
people it didn't end with Spock beating
Khan to death while screaming well
screaming in an emotional rage rage yes
yeah I remember
Oh into darkness so bad so bad but
beyond was it was really good I I know
you know we were looking up the box
office afterwards cuz you know Lisa was
like are they making another one of
these this is really good yeah they are
not because it did not do well at the
box office it was something like it was
it made a hundred and one hundred and
eighty million or no it cost a hundred
and eighty million and it made over four
hundred and so like if you if you do the
thing where you double it to get its
advertising budget it did not make back
its money according to Box Office Mojo
unfortunately so instead we get
discovering well doesn't matter what
they're gonna do about check off they're
not making another movie and if they did
make another movie he would die and
they'd have a little in a movie funeral
scene yeah check often that would be
fine if they were going to make another
one is that how you think they'd handle
it now he's not a different ship they
got transferred to the SS something he's
on the Excelsior that'll be that'll
that'll don't build that one thirty
years earlier because they want to use
it in the movie yeah they would probably
want to pay some sort of respect it's
like especially if Simon Pegg writes it
again yeah he got he had promoted
first office around the Excelsior oh no
I would assume that they would kill him
off just so they could have its check
off I know it's sad that the actors dead
here but you know that's invaluable
intellectual property let me revise my
statement if they were already working
on another sequel like if another sequel
was going to come out like immediately
after beyond it would be a funeral I
think it's slightly more tasteful just
say he got promoted and that don't dwell
on it don't don't milk it well that's
why I'm saying that's my revised
statement is if it was a soon sequel oh
sure
offers for like just for the tribute
right alright then we would get an in
right movie funeral but now it it has
been enough time where they can either
do something like that or recast and and
be fine with it
little house here recast Tom Holland is
check off right they look incredibly
alike they do
really think about that right yeah you
could cast Tom Holland this year as the
new check off and no one would blink an
eye
wait did that guy damn yeah Tom Holland
will be or Tom Holland will be his
brother something else check off and
they just keep calling him check off
yeah terrible it's terrible let's see
here
did you just call me blob said hey from
Britain massive fan of you guys and rlm
do you ever play realtime strategy games
like total war Age of Empires company of
heroes or even Star Trek Armada I can't
handle real-time strategy games I I just
I can't I can't handle what they throw
at me I don't I don't like multitasking
way they frazil me and I don't enjoy the
experience rich it is not an
overstatement to say you love strategy
I like turn base well that's what I was
getting I was taking a long way around
which is I think you love nothing more
in a game than pausing and figuring it
out in a strategy game fuck yes if I can
do this and then this and then this and
then and then you watch it all happen
and see if it works
and I can't do that in real time I got a
good trick go check on the fields maybe
they're invading the field that's okay I
didn't cook all the guys I forgot to
click all the guys are shit I'm gonna I
got
back betrayed basic invaded this guy's
gonna shoot me in the face
this guy's absolutely absolutely going
to shoot me in the face yeah
oh no or Jason's going to be in there he
didn't shoot Wow interesting four
shooters hit see I'm bring it at the
boat four seater already has gas looks
like they started it you told him he
told me go to the boat we're going to
the boat
oh he's just doing Chad boys well chad
is a dick though so there was a high
chance I would get shot in the face and
I just thought he was doing the voice I
thought he was doing the voice me dick I
didn't necessarily think it was a Chad
voice you know what's your repair stat
like first gun okay but I hate doing
this with the controller does the ARB
RBOB is not instinctive to me yeah some
still might fun your eyes nice rich
alright now I just got to find that
propeller it's not there it's probably
those cabins in North right
I have to take another look around here
though I wasn't really keeping my outfit
yeah and he brought you in the middle of
it yeah let's see here yonder yonder
says something else to play how about
Duke motherfucking Grabowski or poop in
my soup as always I don't know a Duke
Grabowski is that way we won just need
to quit glitched or got disconnected
most likely disconnected I've been
disconnected from a lot of game good I'm
gonna rage quit if they got out in that
car oh hey thanks for leveling me up no
problem everyone's gonna think you are
an amazing driver there's gonna be
YouTube videos like people in that car
goes look at what a hard whack did look
at har lacks a great player I'm just
gonna go eat but you know oh you didn't
hear me I'm sorry I'm on set it runs
will keep the Sun random okay this is
interesting I don't know what you watch
a person like her
oh god nothing nothing wait oh it's like
a tower on the stage because it's on
Steam yeah but I got some nice perks
well when you get brave but when you
break free you get a huge stamina boost
hmm I'm so fucking jealous that's the
one look at that 25 cents so fucking
jealous so what that perk is to
understand why Richard so jealous
anytime you are crouched and Jason uses
his sense that thing that makes you glow
bright red there is a 24 percent chance
that he won't see you and that is an
amazing perk especially when you are
trying to sneak away from him nice perks
yeah yeah I have some good perks that
that big that big CP weekend helped
where he got the big one reroll reroll
that was the one I that was the only one
I wanted though I have a lot of other
decent perks that's the only one I
really wanted and I couldn't get it it's
really a nice one and a 24 percent
chance yeah yeah that was a nice one
I think I think I've got it for like 11
ok well still something
it's a change wait no it's not even a
ladder I got version I got a bed is
really shitty yeah that's like common or
uncommon or gotcha
trash version of that I got you
hey did you under you under ever tell us
what only 24 24 percent is a high
percentage as far as yes usually like
you put that on the right character
someone would get composure you're never
gonna be seen like there are some perks
that only give you like three or eight
percent so 24 percent is pretty high
relatively that's what a four times a
uses sense he doesn't see you this is
the thing that's huge I have another
perk I don't you probably didn't see
where it's a chance of him not seeing it
glow if you're in a house which is yeah
yeah like you pair those together and
yeah you can be invisible to Jason
is there a perk that stops Jay from
posting rlm videos during your stream oh
no look I posted did he post something
damn it Jay where'd he posts I don't
know I don't think so I think maybe that
was just a reference to when they posted
the we just filmed a ton of crap oh I
can't do anything quick I'm unbelievably
quick edit oh yeah I can't imagine
anything's done yet
but if you had like nothing better do
for the last few days hey damn it he did
what he post it looks like Jake two
nights a week
it looks like the Bladerunner review is
done the blade run all goodbye sorry
everybody
goodbye the Blade Runner review just
came out and go watch it
Jay jaebum and Blade Runner review just
5 minutes ago yeah you know and again
they don't do it on purpose they just
don't think about us so next time we see
them we should make sure we both have a
little talk with them good Jack do you
think it's gonna do any good it has 24
percent chance of just like hey he's
already hit that house got 24 percent
chance yeah I got nothing you have two
monitors you can watch both uh you know
watch it later or watch the stream later
it's fine
everything's fine I don't where to check
their work though maybe they missed a
battery that spawned in here or
something
dare to call Tommy yeah yeah they ever
go into a house just check somebody's
work oh well it especially like a house
like this cuz that radio is really
distracting and then you go oh this is
the radio house it definitely doesn't
have anything else right and you might
find a good weapon or something
flare gun or something now yeah so you
didn't check that room yeah yeah
now the bathroom maybe it is their boat
no sometimes the propeller a propeller
will spawn in a bathroom oh yeah yeah
interesting let's get in on this car
action oh yeah hey everybody I'm here
too I say there's only three of you who
it's actually a good idea
what leave the weapons here by the car
sure so if you find the part bring it
back well except for now he's their dad
boys that's nice
alright let's see I also saw in chat
someone was explaining Duke Duke
Grabowski is a adventure game in the
style of Monkey Island okay I don't know
I don't know is it supposed to be a
satire of that like maybe an adventure
game starring Duke Nukem that'd be silly
I need a weapon to help these guys but
it's not crap alright they took them to
Africa we're talking the first my a
check drawers yeah nice keys I don't
know if they have keys right they have
gas they probably have oh hello
that's a nice backup right there
Jason's in the area if you don't want
him to over here oh there's a pipe over
there oh there's the gas
right there Jason is wrong right there
or better for stunning
ah shit it's your boy tttt batteries and
batteries in
oh rich got miss Robertson yeah he
driving on this fucking map though
somebody was getting the car couldn't I
know I know that's alright Oh nope
somebody got fucking stone come on Tommy
Jarvis drop the trap got a crash if you
want to use your pocketbook oh yeah this
this is ever since they did that update
that supposedly fixed a bunch of map
glitches I have been kicked off of more
matches than I would care to is that
more or less or more or less aggravating
the some jackass who glitches his way up
on top of a roof where nobody could
reach him more because at least then I
know who to blame if I see someone
glitching you know one keeps you waiting
there for 20 minutes yeah I guess that's
true
oh I tried to I tried to back up a
little so he couldn't stop the car I was
gonna pick up people but somebody's get
in I couldn't move of course that's
alright that's okay let's see here some
blue guy in chat says after seeing that
flop of a game 3 2 1 grenades not that
great I'd still recommend clone drone in
the danger zone it's not the best game
ever made but I remember you putting it
on the list and think you should try it
next it's good perks for her clone drone
in the danger zone yeah there's a start
with a bat for good stun the house was
just a random
oh I can't sit that too random huh you
should be able to would you rather watch
Jason rage quit disconnect or a review
of Blade Runner oh yeah listen these you
got these are the choices and I'm not
saying that the choice is hard it's and
you can see this from the thumbnail it's
it's Jay and Colin yeah talking about
Blade Runner Colin from Canada and
today's Canada date
maybe that's why Jay rush to get it out
because today is Canada Day today's the
hundred and fiftieth anniversary of
Canada becoming a nation Oh God happy
Canada Day to all you crazy Canucks it
looks like you were set to random okay
gobbledygook says hey guys I went to my
local target and found a new thing blind
bag rocket league toy cars they come in
a fun plastic ball and have a code that
unlocks skin for the same car in game
that's neat good for rocket League
cleaning up make a fun game fun things
happen good for rocket League one guru
says hello from Germany you hack frauds
I like Jack's Tommy Bahama shirt yeah my
wife hated Wonder Woman and wants to
know if there are any good female comic
characters that don't exist to hang off
of a man's arm
well Wonder Woman
who did not exist a hanging off man Jon
there was a whole point of the movie
depending on what she likes I still read
it to this day miss Marvel the the new
Miss Marvel Kamala Khan Miss Marvel I
think she she had some really fun
stories and neat powers and an
interesting book so look into Miss
Marvel any female comic characters that
that don't have a boob window windows
okay that's what they're there they're
looking for female comic book heroes for
the wife and the wife doesn't like it
when they're just arm candy when they're
just something pretty to look at uh
Captain Marvel you're thinking of Kamala
Khan I'm thinking of uh what's her face
Carol Danvers Carol Danvers right right
under her new book Supergirl
I don't know book starring so fucking
long
oh also by the way you know it's a great
read Squirrel Girl
I love squirrels Karen love Squirrel
Girl it's adorable all the time it's
it's not exactly a current ongoing book
but ileus Oh Jessica Jones
from the Netflix show that was where she
came from
yeah yeah yeah all right I'm gonna take
the car that's not trapped they're
saying the new 52 run of Catwoman was
pretty good
Oh also you know what the story got a
well and Chad's gonna alert Jason
because Chad's putting that in I'm out
of here Chad
Batgirl had a really good run I've
stopped reading her because her book got
a little bogged down with other bullshit
but the Batgirl of Bathurst is where I
want to say it started yeah it's where
she decided to ditch Bruce Wayne and all
of his money and gadget tree and just go
out on her own in her own part of town
yeah and so she gets a new cool costume
and she loses all of her gadgets and so
it's very like it was basically a way to
reset Batgirl and so like it's low tech
and and starting from scratch so the
Batgirl of Belle Hearst is what I want
to say it was called
I never usually used this guy a stem is
a crap right
yeah stamens crap but he has a super
repair standard there's gas in the barn
that's a horror movie and nerd go get
the gas which I mean right
he knows you got a good repair set Jay's
dead yep you sure are sure
a nerd who is Batgirl now I last read
her when she was Cassandra Cain isn't
that bat woman you don't know that
girl's Barbara Gordon and in the new
book she's Barbara Gordon she she got
her bet her back all fixed and that
woman who's a red-haired lesbian yeah I
thought that was Cassandra Cain No Oh
Sandra Kane is the one that couldn't
talk there's some kind of weird
experiment they turned what would have
been the speech center of her in her
brain and they dedicated that to combat
so she was like a super badass but she
couldn't verbally communicate because
the speech center of her brain was
dedicated to kicking ass we can up your
ass kicking like 25% I don't think they
asked of course not
and Supergirl has the boob window
because it lets in more sunlight and
gives her more power all right
Power Girl Power Girl cheese oh it's
it's cheesy over-the-top
I love the look but I think like people
have actually argued like no no you need
that too she uses it strategically you
see to distract the men she's fighting I
like I like strategically to absorb
sunlight yeah what area of her body
imagine the most surface volume if you
think about it if you think about it
it's just like extra energy coming in I
mean that's right leftover beefcake I
mean if you think about it she breathes
it through her skin and so she needs to
wear almost no clothing and we thinking
about female characters specifically
that have their own book sort of like
you got like storm Phoenix sure you know
what I was I was thinking of female
characters that have their own book just
to meet you know to give the is this
person's wife someone to read yeah I
like all these ideas alias I think is a
good book this bad girl miss marvel
I I didn't actually care for Captain
Marvel her new stuff when she went into
space I got I didn't care for that but a
lot of people do yeah yeah a lot of
people like it
alias is a good dream but yeah there's
and you know I haven't picked up an
x-men book in ages
so I cannot I like that the book comic
books for alias they don't introduce
purple man till like near the end of the
run any like oh that's why she's so
fucked up it's a neat little reveal just
know something horrible happen you know
you don't know what hmm
well you know they did I think they do
similar things in the show it's it's you
know a little I know it's the the show
in the book are a little bit different
but but yeah you don't know the full
extent of how awful she is or was or
right he forced her to be into the app
yeah good stuff but
kitty pryde was dar Lord and guardians
of the galaxy for a while
great female for lady Thor sure yeah you
know there's lots of books out there did
you want to go for from it huh do you
want take over yeah next hand I'll take
over there's there's a lot of good books
out there like if you just want to have
a fun read though you find that Squirrel
Girl it's just adorable it's too cute
for words let's see here where were we
just in Voorhees says after Watteau was
one of the worst weeks I've had in a
long time you guys stream Friday the
13th and help me forget for a few hours
thanks guys for all the free funny
we tried justin Voorhees you're welcome
Moki b85 says hey records I randomly
watched Jason X for the first time last
week and oh my god it was great isn't it
it's a legit fun movie has more in
common with alien than alien covenant
stick burn on Ridley Scott I mean you
have to be okay with a certain level of
schlock but Jason acts you have to be
okay with a high level of schlock well
that's the certain puzzle but no decent
X is a lot of fun but it's like a wink
and a nod not incompetent right so funny
they didn't know what they were doing
yeah exactly what they were doing I'm
what I'm gonna guess is as soon as if
the developers ever finish the
single-player campaigns yeah the Jason X
skin will be like the thing that gets
people back into playing it yeah
get ready for the single-player campaign
and with this dlc it's including the
Jason X everyone's playing it again
summer games quick yes going on right
now games done quick absolutely I kind
of forgot about it-- every dollar deal
for something to do tonight yeah that we
would whatever games they were playing
we would put it on and race them I've
done this before where I knew I was no
this is just like you square off and
just fight him she's so dead girlfriend
thought I'd try Luke Cage but I'm fine
with episodes and I'm finding it really
dull our iron fist or Jessica Jones as
good iron fist is dull like Luke Cage
it's not I think Luke Cage is the worst
Jessica Jones is legit really good I
thoroughly thoroughly enjoyed Jessica
Jones it might take you I want to say
like it starts getting good at the end
of episode 2 or maybe 3 you find that
you find its groove with Jessica Jones
but I can't recommend Jessica Jones
enough actually I rewatched it I liked
it so much and it is it is a really good
use of the medium trying to you know
deliver a message with this one doesn't
actually work right for some reason is
that true I don't know I'm gonna try it
again I haven't had luck getting it to
work I've heard sometimes stats that
don't normally work work if you put them
in the first slot somebody give that a
shot sure I know for a while my bat my
basement my start with a baseball bat
perk
was not working you have the melee stun
in why are you even holding on to that
one oh I just died yeah yeah I didn't
have anything to grind it I hate that
one I keep getting it and Oh climb
through windows
oh yeah it's useless there's a call the
cops faster if you're the one done if
you're the ones who call the cops they
come faster you know that's not bad
I'll try Jessica Jones Emma I normally
give a series about three episodes okay
great
you know like an Luke Cage is like it's
fine you didn't see it or no not located
I'm sorry Iron Fist yeah you didn't see
Luke Cage or iron fist
iron fist is is really dull and I'm
trying to think of any reason why like
I'm defending it it's dull it's just
dull it's just it just wasn't as bad as
Luke Cage in my mind so I hate this man
everyone seems to set the game to this
map yeah when they can pick I don't know
why people like this map it's a
clusterfuck though you phoned the carb
of the house then Jason would just hang
around there and kill everyone the phone
often spawn yeah they got they got to
fix that shit yeah agreed
plus the way the roads are designed it
makes getting out with a car insanely
difficult okay yeah defenders next month
I'm looking forward to defenders there's
not a lot of good off-roading
opportunities here you know what I'll be
honest I don't think they're supposed to
be that I don't think the game
developers you don't get fun car escapes
right I don't like this map yeah no
that's fair that's fair
firecrackers happy fourth everyone happy
fourth you don't know why people like
this game the the mister for this game
sets up situations in which you are
afraid you are excited it sets up
situations that involve
an incredible amount of tension and
skill there there's not enough there
there's so many bad things about this
game the big hero moments big hero
moments but it's not on in a tube it's
not in a line that the game doesn't tell
you you're the hero now you actually
have to do things to be the hero and it
does an incredible job of theming
gameplay mechanics towards situations
that would happen in a movie and because
everyone is a real person there is this
human element dice roll that means
you're going to get a situation in which
a dickhead totally has time to stop and
pick you up in the car but doesn't to
save his own skin and that's aggravating
and it's frustrating you could have
helped me but you didn't because you're
a dick sometimes they might not be able
to I had somebody just swerve just to
hit me once I wasn't standing in the
middle of the road they swerved
specifically to hit me that that's the
kind of moments that's no selling point
Jack I was just saying you never know
what's gonna happen in the game rich
some asshole might swerve to hit you oh
why are you running
Jason somewhere down the road right I'm
just recovering stamina before I go
around the corner absolutely
Oh battery yam she can't repair work
shit no that's right that's right
okay Shaun underscore says I love that
game series dis gia but they are
grinding turn-based games with deep
strategy it is also very anime Oh Thank
You Shaun underscore for the heads up
like I can get around that to some
degree if it's a good game I mustn't
wait oh it might be next door
plenty of anime nonsense yeah you know
my career said if it's a good enough
game maybe but yeah generally speaking
bought in a trap and you didn't rent you
helped yeah it's gonna cost you your
life but you helped they don't know the
batteries out yeah now batteries bud
four-seater battery is by the forest
cedar good great great let's see here
chip Oh lore says I started watching
Star Trek Enterprise to make fun of it
but sadly I'm actually enjoying it I'm
really enjoying the characters
especially phlox I can't tell if it's
objectively good but I like it
well chip alors isn't that all that
matters you found something
I don't know
somebody probably it in the car ready oh
yeah yeah let's have some fun with this
program there's also many people down
there
I dropped off the fucking battery no no
that's fine that's fine that's fine I'm
not saying you don't deserve to be there
I'm not saying that rich you dropped off
that you brought the battery to the car
what's going on they can see ya we're
full we are full
both of us is trying to bait him away
this backing up that gun pissed off
there's a look thank you let's see here
kiss Sperling says you should check out
the Total War series you can pause and
issue orders in on town battles are
about formations flanks morale not usual
RTS chaos rather a deliberate measured
Total War series have you ever played
any of the time oh my god he's gonna
ruin the car you ever see a car that's
like upside down yeah he's fine
right right no yes
right Lin left yeah
go right around that house right do that
don't don't
it's just gonna oh I know exactly what
to do know exactly what to do
you're being too timid you're being too
timid go next to that don't just don't
his enormous enough as it is my shouting
and I'm just gonna make it worse
there goes he made it I did it he did it
go driver man go even close to out of
the woods
this map sucks so much for getting out
with the car all right let's see here
candy for Crow says hey guys I know it's
early but for Halloween I think Jack
should dress as her star rich as Custer
Karen as tulip and J is Cassidy and if
there's enough room Mike could be our
space Cheers all right oh he's got some
work to do
they're fine
you might beat with a five and water
Becker actually traps rats Matt traps
traps which can cost your place in the
car though
nice rich that was that was and like you
Eve the car just started moving if he
had that start the car Pat pastor Park
you might have you might have gotten out
of there let's see here i sam says spam
recommendation one punch man it's a show
about a superhero that trained so hard
that he's become basically a demigod but
became bald in the process the show is
about boredom of being unbeatable yes i
actually saw the first season of one
punch man and thought it was pretty
alright I'm okay with I'm okay with some
anime and I liked it I thought oh he
picked up a knife
I thought it was alright that's alright
that's right
does anyone to pick up you can't see
your map so functional mini-map right
now right
oh then that be something back that is a
person back there oh it's time Jarvis
nice get in Tommy
oh and Oh out of room oh the fence so
live that's fine I could deal with that
shit rich sorry Wendy
watch
this is impossible your mayor banned
rich what what minimap I don't know
which way is north which cabin is this
that's the this I have no idea you have
no map stuck on a table
oh no you killed someone
you killed someone by accident right a
blunt object I kind of doubt it yeah you
you got the traitor negative 1000 that
ow
shit happens oh you knocked the bag off
his head I hate getting up with a car in
this fucking map oh you know what a for
effort oh man a for effort
I had the fucking mini map that would
have been something else right by the
main road yep yep a forever absolute a
for effort yeah so one punch man yeah
I've seen it I think it's fine
overall it's fine
that's that's the tip I left off yeah
maybe maybe this lady can get out
hopefully she's the only one left
all right
put Settings invert I'm not sure
anonymous since you guys says hey guys
no RM uploaded there
wait you know rlm uploaded their best of
the worst of Hollywood comp well you
guys were streaming yep well I got some
bad news
just again with their review of Blade
Runner I'm so sorry
happens yeah shit happens this alright
we're still gonna be here I'm sure it's
a fine review if you'd like to take a
break from the stream and watch it
that's fine you do you good people you
do you know I'm saying franzese's rich
how smug were you from that best of the
worst episode before you were right
about the actor that voice Adam Jensen
from Deus Ex because Mike was tad
cynical there I'm gonna bring up the
voice actor from Deus Ex are they
thinking of Frank West you brought him
Dead Rising you brought the voice actor
from Dead Rising probably what they're
thinking about I'm that's bug no I know
you you were actually like more you were
more curious than it yeah this sounds
like a first curious for a second and
then I was dead sure oh yeah
like right after the movie we looked it
up or maybe even during the movie
because you know there wasn't that much
going on in DB Cooper versus Bigfoot
during the movie we looked it up on IMDB
I know shed it's him
I am Chester says there is a fan theory
that Jason is a spawn of the Lovecraft
outer God shub-niggurath who was
worshipped as a goddess of fertility and
would
it's follows that could not have
children
something followers sure okay thanks for
letting us know possibly but no they
then one of the movies they they
flat-out have a cameo from the
Necronomicon from Evil Dead and Jason
goes to hell well it's been a while
since I've seen all the movies what
here's here's my little my little fan
theorem yeah
Friday the 13th one the killer is Pamela
the killer is his mother right of course
what if that wasn't just revenge what if
what if those were sacrifices for some
sort of ceremony to bring her child back
to life if you if you ever wanted to
explain zombie Jason yeah that's the
route you go alright I like it I like it
alright this is my bat lady requires so
many sacrifices before it works and you
know the last one she intended it for to
be the a the other counsel but it was
herself when she got beheaded sure and
then by the way by the way that's how
you do a remake of Friday the 13th yeah
or another sequel is you you play it
from a different perspective and she
keeps going to make sacrifices oh I like
it rich I like it
you're gonna be my fighter you're gonna
be my fighter lady
all right
else we got got monkey got that one then
you get rid of the awkward when I was
Jason just hanging out in the woods for
20 years or 50 years or the fucking long
oh yeah you get rid of that yeah yeah I
like it
I've rich this all makes perfect sense
to me
I hate that's that's the worst is when
your character goes up when they see a
dead body what just lowers the fury
again I don't think it stops them from
doing that does it yeah yeah I can it
stops them from doing we can just I
think our Miller says Jack I'm Jack I'm
interested in doing a mini PC build like
you did Hey yeah those are great I even
like your case choice any things you
regret about that small build or would
do differently now that you've had it
for almost a year it has it been oh no
it hasn't been a year I don't like has
it been I'm shocked if it hasn't been
longer it runs like fucking butter to
this day there has never been a time
that I have ever worried about like
about my my PC running smoothly it runs
great you know obviously we had a little
difficulties with the the case fan where
I had to move the case frame from the
inside to the outside probably my only
regret is not thinking out cable
management more a lot of those you know
because it's such a small case probably
if I would have gotten some custom short
cables it could have looked a lot nicer
oh just looking in the hollow then yeah
because that's it and like the way I
haven't set up in my office the hollow
the hollow side is facing out you can do
a lot to make that look nice or just by
bundling them up and tie them off right
yeah so if I weren't building it live on
stream I probably would have taken a
little more time getting my cables just
right
headphones we need a head punch like I
don't have any of my kills set up okay
that Lego is the key to the build I kind
of love the Lego oh yeah just body slam
um the big dumb body slam oh none of the
kills are set up on this the kills are
Wow
even I've been buying any either you
know I don't care about any of these
kills yeah I would much rather spend
that on councilor perks I I bought them
all just give each Jason and you know
she said senator from stuff sure you
know I bought the only important one
which is punch someone's head off that's
all you need and I do also like just
pick them up and throw them on the
ground you could punch through the chips
yeah you know what I don't care about
that one really that one's amazing I
don't care about that one as much okay
and plate I just don't care about that
one that much I'm very sorry yeah no my
Lego my Lego is working great still what
is the Lego the the Lego is holding up
my my GPU my graphics card which is a
one of those heavy fat it's a giant
graphics card I mean the graphics card
is as long as the case itself and so I
have a layout like a ramp Lego propping
that up but no I've never I've never
once had any heat issues I've never had
any framerate drop issues it's a
glorious PC so I would just spend a
little more time really thinking out my
cable management and you know oh maybe I
could do this a little bit better you
know like if I got it like a slightly
smaller power source maybe or you know
little stuff but no I think it's a it's
a great PC
great little PC build there Jack yep I
am so upset that my little trap in front
of the car strap did not work it worked
a little bit right it worked a little
bit is that why you're more upset is
because like he fell for the trap and
then he still smash the car yeah I
shouldn't oh well you know what I
probably should have done
move the trap a little bit further back
sure and that probably would have done
it as long as you but like thank you are
needed a room to get you have a bigger
dice roll that way though because then
like he needs to walk in the path of the
trap and not see it yeah next time I get
out with a car I'm bringing a trap
I like it the mad trap strats what would
have been even funnier if a counselor
would have fallen in and unfortunate you
can't warn the counselors or elf Jason
will hear so see here what I wish they
streamed at 60 frames a second yeah
listen it it takes a lot to stream and
it takes a lot of internet usage so we
don't do this could be me it could be
beg head I set my preference good nice
two dots two dots two dots two dots two
dots nope look where those two knife
from it's a two knife from show up
before yeah the screen kicks in so what
are they did that deliberately they knew
that was gonna be the case Thanks pocket
knife it doesn't look like I spawned
near the car so that gives me a slight
edge not necessarily Jack no no no oh I
know yeah there's always human error
Jason could just come here because
there's a power generator or some other
bullshit reason if you have a councilor
that's that's good enough at hiding that
I'm not showing up in his vision if you
spawn next to the car maybe you you're
right in a house next to make the gas or
the battery you can shove that in the
car really quick yeah and then once he
comes by just popping a building hide
under a bed don't make any fucking noise
he just shows up he does the trap he
doesn't see anybody around he leaves
well you know it takes a while for his
sense to even even better if it's the
gas that you found I've had this happen
where you find the gas first thing on I
just sprayed into the car put the gas in
the car jump to the building hit he came
by put a trap down by where the gas was
he doesn't know the gas got filled of
course cuz he can't see that the hoods
down yeah yeah so he wasted a trap gas
was in early huge win nice huge victory
shoe huge it's the best the best victory
see people I like people I have that
perk where the more people that are
around me the stronger my melee is what
do you like to see you in your first
drawer Keys fuse gas or pocketknife I
can work with any of those right
you know guess got some gas here is
anyone smart anyone have a good repair
perk turnaround pew a flashing a
flashlight
now you have a shotgun mmm but my bat
has better I have a better I've no all
right I've made a plates by Jason knives
that's not nice dick fucking dick what a
weird angle
it's not even in your back Jason you're
coming in he's got to there's too many
people around did he know walls were no
hey it's not knife it's not knife she
Jason you know I'm just gonna just don't
want to give him the opportunity let him
chase someone else and you know this
this Biddy has really good speed Jack
I'm so upset that my clever trap
strategy did not work out I'm super
upset first of all no you know which you
have you've opened up a new you've
unexplored hold on for a second
walkie talkie I've been wanting to try
that yeah I've been wanting to try that
no you've opened up unexplored
opportunities for other viewers it's not
you know even if even even the best
strats don't work a hundred percent of
the time oh we got a battery bring it to
the car oh you don't
oh yeah I'm just I'm just laying it out
in case no one saw that
I'm stream the battery I have a battery
if someone could bring a melee weapon
for me I'll drop the battery yep you
won't do what otherwise it knows now
he's gonna go right up to you Oh unless
he wanted rob about that fucking car you
get your ass down this and I'm just
making sure I'm going the right way
I know I know this well enough by now
this this area yeah was main drag
disarmed
Crouch like a bat better gonna protect
me be I I was I was deserving that flat
rock
oh okay
cars ready right now I'm gonna be in the
car really enough Tom
time to get out of here here we go hey I
hoped I brought the battery I got a
player gun I'm ready yeah
keep runnin keep runnin Biddy I'm
calling the police
oh you dick kill me like a man
dad you dick oh that dickhead
that dickhead see if you come back as
Tommy its Tommy there hit up on the
d-pad he knows follow this guy what
oh the mask is off yeah but no one has
the sweater the mask is off you have a
Tommy who spawned he knows what's going
on because he grabbed the machete in
exchange for the shotgun and you and we
have two girls two girls so if you can
find some other counselors we might see
a Jason kill
I love the souls Eskew died yeah yeah
that's pretty nice you dad huge asses
hey guys I let my girlfriend down
tonight would you please tell Lydia that
she's the sweetest girl in the world I
just want to make her smile but can't
seem to do it myself at the moment rich
why asking me why did it end with a rich
question mark I don't you know I don't
know what to say I don't know what you
did wrong here's the thing we don't know
what you did wrong we also know nothing
about this little right Lydia could be a
horrible bitch she could be a world with
bitch bitch or she could be dodging the
bullet I don't fucking know I don't
fucking know yeah that's the thing we
don't know anything about this situation
maybe if you can't get Lydia to being a
good mood maybe it's your fault huge ass
I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna
tell her to get back together for you
and a month finale be hearing in the
news about a but a murder homicide right
right right we don't know we don't know
anything about your situation Lydia
could be great maybe she's not maybe
you're not great we don't know nothing
you're that's you're asking a lot of us
yeah baby breaking up is the best thing
that could happen
to both of you maybe she's holding you
back think about that person mattress
trap
oh he can't pick up no pick up the Oh
sometimes that happens you can't pick up
the health potion even though you can
see it does that ever happen here so he
doesn't actually quite know what he's oh
oh my god maybe he does please did he
grab the back
no no wait wait axe
he's got an axe I know exactly where the
spawn oh my god what's going on oh my
god are we gonna fit and we're in sin if
they're not they don't fuck it up we're
gonna see it if they don't fuck it up
let's taco hut there we go now and now
we get to see it in clear Christmas okay
you guys else I'll see it there's no
doing it we're not playing good jack is
dead yeah unfortunately I've died okay I
didn't know we were going for a Jason
kill that would have changed my strats
yes there chat they were extremely close
to a Jason killed his mask is off
already
don't you swish don't want to see what
that fat guys doing well I was just I
was on the lady Tommy the sweater girl
the sweater girl you dumb ass fucking
double dumbass
Tommy sweater girl sweater girl oh they
don't know what they're doing really
don't know what they're doing it hurts
so if sweater girl says oh if for those
who don't know sweater girl stuns him
with the sweater he if he drops to his
knees then Tommy Jarvis hits him with
the axe weapon yeah today actually noch
amol
look she's just she is just staying
close this is why you need a microphone
guys Jason kill guys Jason kill yeah we
would hear it if they were talking
they're not talking this is all going on
silently where's Ruth tell me tell me
get back in there it's over it's over oh
he had a pipe she had the sweater Tommy
has an axe Tommy
so close so close rich bitch Oh
multiplayer gaming and look at this guy
just don't even have any idea what's
going on like whoa jeez I hope Jason
kills all these idiots
I've learned that's dumb don't stun him
and then use fireworks right yeah yeah
he doesn't get double stun right oh and
by the way this Jason look how lame him
with the pickaxe you know what you know
what it could be
I've almost done this misspell and that
really this is an achievement for the I
don't care enough about achievements
that I didn't do it I always I'm always
frustrated when I don't get aid kills
because somebody leaves yeah you you
start you grab them and then you start
to kill animation but they disconnect
you don't get credit for the kill
yeah yeah so he proudly wants the
achievement for the aid kills it doesn't
want to risk somebody ragequitting right
we are nepal I get it I get it it's not
fun but he wants to see that eight of
eight looks like Tommy Jarvis is getting
out Tommy's got some driving skills
definitely got time for a morph oh sorry
Tommy Jarvis that's my favorite bit of
driving ever
yay I love this one oh look at how big
and dumb that is that's a great kill
that's a great kill some blue diet
chances the only real problem I have of
this game is the lack of variety in the
maps agreed at a glance they're all
basically the same map that is not true
I really want a Jason Takes Manhattan
rabbit you see Central Park it's all
woods but they're very different maps
that map we're just unpacking act is
just a clusterfuck where everything is
in the middle there's one main drag yeah
80,000 houses on the main drag Crystal
Lake is very segmented here's this cab
this four house is then over here
there's a cluster of four houses and
then you got this weird sparse area on
the other side that's different map and
then the Higgins house map that's got
the big house in the middle and it's got
this little it's not quite a river this
little like inlet of the water so there
goes in and doesn't get around in that
that affects gameplay you got the bridge
that's like a bottleneck they're
visually yeah it's all woods but the
three maps
I'll give them credit they are different
Maps yeah I mean in general the one
criticism like the big big criticism is
the game needs more like not only more
maps I want more routes of escape
I want more options like I just want
more things to do in the map you know
more weapons more distraction items some
some more puzzle pieces to get put
together I love the car puzzle like oh
you need all these right parts and then
maybe right I want some more puzzles
like that to put together four possible
routes of escape
we need more game developers
I wanted um more platforms with
cross-play so more PSO there's a bigger
pool of people to play with make it all
happen
but don't charge any more money for it
and make it happen fast rich what is
your favorite non keyboard and mouse
controller I typically don't like style
wise I don't really give that much of a
fucking oh yeah like the the DualShock
versus the xbox one versus this generic
DualShock knockoff yeah yeah I largely
do not give a fuck I'm fond of the the
Xbox pro controller the elite mostly
because it's just very well built mm-hmm
that's great the III I've always
preferred the Xbox's thumb placement
over the the plate ps4 is I hate both
thumbs being down here I like why huh
why what difference does that make
maybe this is just what I'm used to it's
yeah but my thumbs rest more naturally
here than here I don't like that as much
I don't like that as much we've talked
about that actually bringing my PC in to
do this and to do a specific like be on
the same team for a Jason kill
possibility I do I just if you want to
okay let's do that
maybe we can do that on Wednesday sure
sure I'm totally down for that I'll just
think I need to bring my monitor as well
which obviously we can do yeah yeah I
mean the only downside is you'd only see
it from from one of our well wait
question is which is preferable so I'm
gonna split screen or well theoretically
yep if we're streaming from this
computer we can see this computer and
then we could run mine through the
elgato yeah we'd have to mess with it
like we'd have to delay this one to make
sure they sync up and then also delay
our microphone to make sure they sync up
so they theoretically could see it from
both of our point of view
alright that'll veca that could be that
uh you know what I was gonna say the
finale but yeah I don't mind playing
this again if we get another dud like
one two three grenades I don't mind this
backup pour three two one grenades or
four three two hundred eight
half-hearted since hey guys right which
do you prefer when I'm done well in a
movie running gags or fourth wall breaks
which is more painful when actually
executed horribly also happy welcome to
earth today
that's right welcome to earth mother
fuckas I I prefer a running a good
running gag and a bad fourth wall break
is worse I prefer a good fourth wall
break oh yeah and a bad running gag is
worse Oh rich Evans Oh rich Evans you
wacky motherfucker I can't think of an
example off the top of my head though if
a failed fourth wall break name me one
you could win me over there but I like a
good fourth wall break I don't mind that
oh good fourth wall break ain't nothing
to shake a stick at I'll tell you one
I'm trying to think of a bad fourth wall
break
mmm jet sang Hot Tub Time Machine which
I have not seen oh sure yeah that was
just a really obvious gag what do they
do that when they give the titular line
like they figure out that the hot tub is
a time machine and Craig whatever that
actor's name is goes it's some kind of
looks right into the camera Hot Tub Time
Machine that's bad that's bad
yes that was Thank You Chad that is a
perfect example here's the thing though
a bad running joke you get repeatedly I
mean your math checks out I'll be honest
with you a bad running joke no I think I
saw the battery so that split second
nope that was the suitcase what do we
got what do we got what do we got map
wrench
I think the pipe does good stun damage
but I forget that's bright take that
take tit we've gotten no one's done
nothing yet rich no one's you know and
that frustrating well I haven't done
anything either so I hear anything I
can't really complain
uh I think you're late to the party Jack
listen there's only three houses near me
I'm gonna check all of them you know
what it's like someone misses the
obvious gas canister or the flare gun
hello I will take a flare gun oh shit
what are you machete I don't need the
machete
I guess did you just check that house
yeah those like oh okay
do not hang out together hey no all
right within lamps are certain things
randomized like phone placement car
placement etc yes the some of the things
could be a little bit more randomized
like you kind of know like the phone is
gonna be in one of like three or four
houses on this map yeah but you know
like could be anywhere on the map but
seriously
shit it's either gonna be on the far
west the far eat you know but you know
it's it's not for the garage then it's
probably by the house that's next to the
car but it's not exactly the same every
time and as far as I know even though
they tend to be close to wherever the
car is I'm pretty sure that like the gas
and the car battery and Peller blade can
be anywhere should I miss them up fuck
God oh fuck god damnit who's it's a cool
death I was trying to save did you did
she at least call Tommy Jarvis that
Beatty was calling timing Jarvis I was
trying to buy her some extra time I
don't know if she continued head up in
the deep end they did it's not you
so do you gonna leave or find a
different all right so Jason acts Jason
X you want to see him in this game right
of course now here's the thing there's
two Jason's in that movie there's normal
Jason uh-huh and then he turns into
other Jason would you have them as two
separate skills
well would you have it be here's here's
a thought okay we're at Jason X DLC
right you know each Jason's got three
positives and three negatives yeah well
how about this you start on if with the
Jason X skin you get both Jason's in one
step okay you start off as like the
early part of that movie the normal
Jason and your pluses pluses remind us
they're all minuses everything is a -
okay then you're going to rage mode
activates and your uber Jason and
everything is plus so you start off
extremely disadvantaged until you get
rage mode and then it's you kick all of
the ass that's so tough because like
that gives the other player so much
opportunity I know you I know would it
be I mean first of all that's a great
idea that's a great idea what if what if
Jason starts off weak mm-hm and needs to
find an item to turn into mega Jason
because you know look the problem is
rage mode doesn't kick in until you're
what 10 minutes in and I think that's
too much time that gives too much time
to the counselors but maybe maybe damage
against some ghost village even more
maybe have to find some way to balance
it but what what if either somewhere in
the woods or in a cabin is the mass
right is like the the uber the chrome of
mass and instead of hunting counselors
you could find the mask that turns into
either Jason I don't know I'm gonna tell
you I don't know how write about that
Oh mom like either way where it's like
it could be crappy in the could not what
if what if that Jason's built rage mode
with kills or damage I can deal with
that yeah kill them famines rage yeah
yeah I like it yeah that was a good kill
lopping off your arms and head you know
like and I guess that's you know this
game has a lot of possibilities it has a
lot of potential mm-hmm it'd be neat to
see some stuff like that but we don't
have any control you know like I would
be equally as happy if I could rebind
keys game developers the Friday night
super game behind that 100% I there's
nothing more frustrating than having to
stop walking so I can hit the T button
for push-to-talk distr thanks for the
tip did they tip this for the awesome
car run that was it was rich that
backwards circle
super Stratton was amazing hell yeah are
like a song that's right
perhaps a developer interview is in
order
sure yeah well talk to these guys
they're like Russian gangsters is that I
don't know the gangsters I pulled that
part out of my ass oh they're but
they're Russian you think I think they
might um yeah then it might be hard to
have a conversation with them I bet you
could get them and listen if they speak
English
cuz rich and I do not speak Russian if
they are Russian oh my god these things
are terrible yeah oh god yeah you could
have just left I well I left the other
one because they're only three people
now this was the new one I joined you
know what my ping gives me an advantage
so I'm gonna okay cuz yours is the
lowest or the lower end of everyone
else's that's not a bad thinking that's
not bad diggin oh god there was some guy
I heard you when that kill heaven yeah I
played the Mario haha that's guys you
know what it's nice to have a bit nice
to have a bit okay next to a house might
be next to the car nope next to the car
great Anonymous's Jack I'm Jack I know
you're not a fan of games in the vein of
cards against humanity' correct but what
are your thoughts on the jack box games
also how do people leave such long notes
in there tip I don't know jack box games
is that like the you don't know jack
trivia thing I don't know jack box games
is am I just seeing you like there that
long I haven't I haven't don't say that
are huge for sighs I saw anyway go ahead
you don't head on some shit name socket
so you don't have much experience with
the jack box yeah I guess I don't I
might not know what Jack box games is
okay so unless it's if unless I'm
thinking it's the you don't know jack
series of trivia games which are great
because I
trivia games but yeah I don't know what
that is I and you know it's not like I
have a wild passion against cards
against humanity' it's all it's it's a
fine say dirty things simulator but to
me like if I'm with a group of friends
we can just like sit around and say
awful things and laugh or we can play a
game and you know have it be a game and
so I just like people who are just like
oh let's play a game because I don't
want to interact with other people
socially so let's play cards against
humanity' I like my games to be games
and I know technically there is like a
game aspect to it but it's all it's all
just an excuse to say awful things which
I'm totally for just being in a room and
saying awful things button
I am Chester says yep do you guys think
that there are aspects of how the
universe works that are beyond the
limitations of the human brain to
understand and as a result the human
race is doomed to a technological dead
end it's hard to answer that because if
there is something I wouldn't be able to
you know what here's what I'm gonna say
yeah just because we in our current
state are unable to understand something
doesn't mean that our are not our
ancestors our predestine ex-general
descendants and our descendants won't be
able to thank you right you're talking
about like severe a number of upgrades
to the human brain though like to
understand a concept that in here yeah
but to understand concepts that we have
already there's no way our ancestors
would have been able to figure it out
done here we're talking about something
like a 2d being understanding the third
sure yes you want I don't think any
amount of evolution is going to fix that
oh right
unless we unless we find a
unless we find some sort of for diya
scope we can find it we can't even
comprehend infinity yet you say that as
if somebody here ever be able to fully
comprehend infinity at once yeah that's
why it's a nonsensical statement yeah
they got their head chopped off that
should be fairly obvious you know
there's a killer on the loose they look
there's head that's great
Ossie Baxter says evening boys
yeah anyone remember the 80s contra
meets God of War side-scroller called
rygar yes
what about Spy Hunter yes the car games
but I played a decent amount of Spy
Hunter yeah I played that very little of
writer rygar but I'm familiar with him
yeah I played so much Spy Hunter like I
really thought oil slicks were a real
thing just like people actually had
those and ever played the massive arcade
cabinet version of gauntlet good
memories the 80s yes I know yeah it was
the only reason I wanted to go to Pizza
Hut oh yeah they had a good God look
nice a few Saga ROG rectly North yeah
yeah but I can dive it's probably double
traps that's ok I got a pocket knife I
don't have a health spray button fucking
jump the window I'm Jason's busy with
other people right now
keep going yep there it is
it is definitely double trapped that
triple Wow you know I'm gonna that's
triple trap Jack I'm gonna check in here
CJ tonight that's right we get a healthy
radiant okay all right
I have the fuse the phone box is over by
the garage but it's double trapped
somebody has pocketknife just wait this
wave the boat this way yeah we know Matt
what do you drop the trap in front of me
in front of the the box you're not gonna
need to carry it with you Jason's busy
right now all right
triple-threat
I told you tribal drag told you you
weren't gonna be able to run away anyway
you don't have a health spray
yeah I could have moved I had a shotgun
I hit there was a there was a flare gun
in there I could have moved one trap
wasn't gonna slow me down that much rich
triple traps fucking Jason
