Episode 813
3...2...1... Jason!!!
August 2, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz90b1z2b-8
___________________________________________

triple trout that's why that's why you
triple trap the phone fine I know
nothing I get it look if somebody gets
out with 2-seater ah you only missed two
somebody gets off with the two-seater ah
you lost for somebody gets out with the
phone everybody gets out that's true
everybody gets out don't find Jason
shaft now people know where it is if
they want to go there all the traps are
taken care of now so unless he quad
trapped it why can't you disarm the
second and third traps because for
balance reasons it to make traps not
useless you need to use a pocketknife to
disable a trap and that uses up right so
if I would have had three pocket knifes
I could have disabled all three trap
which is insane oh this bag head that's
why I hate playing bang had Jason's to
cheat with the Tramp I love all the
traps the prop the proper here's the
proper strategy that bag had Jason yeah
go for the kill oh yeah he's weak I
believe he's weak the damage no and
stunning
he leaped crabs everywhere but yeah he
gets seven Tramp he's yeah like why even
bother with like the phone or the car if
you know you're just not gonna be able
to because there's too many fucking
traps just go for the fucking kill what
is going on here these people like that
away so Tommy did I'm gonna smash that
fuse box and then put a trap in front of
it because you get you piece of shit I'm
trying to think thinking maybe you found
a glitch and you were safe yeah oh look
at the gas can now
precariously placed now and by the way
now no one's gonna follow it maybe she
verse sees it
maybe she sees the gas camphor thing a
bit yeah I like I will talk about split
and neon demon I don't know have you
seen you haven't seen this play heaven
No so like I don't want to another
spoiler I don't want to give too many
spoilery things way I I enjoyed both
split and the neon demon even though
split was spoiled for me and I'll talk
about it later so I can we can do like
one of those like spoilers from here on
out things but it's good
it's a split is very good and that lady
that Anya the same uh the actress who
was the star of the Vova CH is also the
lead in split and that she needs an
Academy Award for reaction shots eighty
percent of the movie is just her
reaction chest all the weird shit
happening around her and she's great you
feel you feel her fear I love her how
often do you play us Jason
it's randomly picked every time so yeah
like a one-day
I had my fat first my preference was set
to neither I had neither preference set
and I want to say I was five of seventy
yeah Jason's then as soon as I set my
preference to Jason it bumped it up
everyone's got the but you know the
reasons everyone has their preference
said to Jason yes
I've even had some situations where I've
been Jason twice in a row see this is
this is why is why I hate Baghead Jason
that's there's no fun in this is
everything literally everything is
trapped now double triple quadruple
trapping and I and I've been known to
abuse tress but at least you know I
don't have enough but I can't just crap
everything twice over yeah but he gets
knocked over so easily to kill him yeah
idiots
I want the the one Jason I really want B
to get good at is the one with the ax
throw kill I love that kill so much
he noticed major positive is what kind
of kind of an enjoy started to play in
that one but I enjoy it breaks down
doors fast mmm a barricaded door I've
gotten through one of two hits nice nice
goodbye yeah I just think that's one of
the cooler kills is he he liked show he
liked kicks the councillor way and then
tosses his axe into there
twinsies rich has never been known to
abuse drugs I use them properly but not
excessively alright gobbledygook says
random question you're locked in a
dungeon for a year and forced to play an
arcade game I'd rather play paperboy or
a rampage
paperboy hands down yeah they're
probably a little more you could do in
paperboy rampage there's not a lot of
skill it'll get boring after a while I'm
feeling there's a higher mastery ceiling
in paperboy sure I can agree with that
stupid rampage got boring after two
quarters yeah
no no way rampage has so many levels but
are they repetitive like you just jump
on the building and punch the windows
like that's kind of it man page has 100
levels yeah but if they're similar 100
levels it doesn't matter window
technically Pac Man 2 has 256 levels
what do you girls - running trying to
draw it out like paper boy has depth
look I have enjoyed paper boy more than
I have enjoyed rampage Jeff but being
forced to play only one of those in a
dungeon for your is gonna be shitty no
matter which one you pick that's true
that's true
says rich rich
have you tried snapping with your ring
finger I can't with the middle finger
but the ring finger works for me no I
can't do it i via the snap sound doesn't
come from this it comes from you
slapping I guess it's a little bit of
both crazy that you don't know maybe
it's like rolling your tongue and then
just my hands not built that way Jack
how do you fuck up rubbing finger
against that's what I'm asking how do
you fuck up rubbing your finger against
I'm saying maybe I'm not maybe it's just
my hand design for that maybe I going
like this maybe I have better cartilage
in my joints that then doesn't do
whatever fucked-up thing may let you
make that noise
this that's crazy that you can't do it
like it's not a cracking of the knuckle
it's just like you know it's that in a
slap like it's like this you know it's
like popping up on hand I'm sorry you're
doing it wrong yeah I just wonder like
if it was just one of those things where
which is like a can't I can't snap I've
been trying for years and like you know
you just never figure dad I'm not I
don't I don't doubt you that you just
can't snap I just think it's odd that
snap that is a fairly universal thing
it's like have you ever have you ever
met someone who doesn't have a middle
name uh not that I know of I have I've
met people who don't have middle name
you go huh and it's um people don't have
middle names this person does not have a
middle name that doesn't make it any
less strange
oh these are you some were fucking
around fucking around I don't have a
middleman yeah some people don't have
middle names and that's fine
I'm not have either of you seen the best
movie ever made
oh my god it's so good baby driver I've
heard now see I like a girl right I like
the haze that he makes so I would stand
to reason that I would like baby daddy I
was busy watching every other movie
dealing with the fish issues oh no not
fish issues they talking about that
wounded the fish we got yeah yeah yeah
we had I go for Christmas I bought Karen
a fish tank and you know she got the
fish tank ready we got it together to go
and she want a glow fish and it's pretty
but it's gaudy as hell it's got like the
the dark light plants and she's got
these fish that glow these little Daniel
fish that are genetically engineered to
be fluorescent colors mm-hmm tiny
schooling fish but your long happily
with each other's schooling fish yeah
they they fight each other relentlessly
for dominance sure there's this large
purple one does nothing but swim around
the top and chase everything else away
from the top of the tank this is gonna
eat first god damn it and the small fish
they've literally been bullying to death
oh this the the the the out of the green
one the green of the whiny yellow green
colored one yeah
one day we noticed it was missing an eye
it was missing an eye and we weren't
sure I don't I don't recall it having a
missing eye when we bought it maybe we
didn't notice sure oh okay well it's
probably gonna die soon if it got ripped
out it never died but just one eye and
then parts of its fin
started disappearing and and they were
they were not treating this little fish
kindly oh it was hiding this it started
hiding behind the we have this Brock Cod
you know things they can hide behind in
there and he's hiding behind that all
the time was he doesn't he doesn't want
to hang out with the rest of the school
and of course and so then he got caught
in the net we keep around the filter to
keep things from getting caught in the
filter just got caught in the net and he
wasn't moving okay now he's finally dead
I want to take him out and he sort of
wiggling around
oh my god it's alive so he freed it from
the net and it was like swimming on its
side just from like the exhaustion of
trying to get out of the net like okay
this sucks sucks with a fish and then
like like the next day after week I got
this poor poor little fish out of the
net
they put its tail off and at this point
I'm rooting for this poor little fish
because this fish is a fucking survivor
this didn't this didn't happen over a
short period of time you slowly over the
course of months so did you start taking
out the other fish just like oh thank
you can't take out the rest of the damn
fish what are you gonna do with them but
you can't take out one and just put them
in a separate Bowl I'm saying poke holes
in them like take them out like you take
out the other fish kill the other fish
did you kill the other no I didn't kill
the other Vasia
we take the one that's being abused yeah
put them in a separate little tank but
that's that's like a temporary solution
yeah putting this little tank and so
what I've been working on last day or
two is this is my excuse to get another
thing I like but a small one like a big
10 gallon tank and I can have a fish
tank that's not a gaudy
hello fish tank okay so I bought a tank
I bought a couple of like cheap aquatic
plants like it's gonna have real plants
oh that's neat and you can't you you
well you can but you shouldn't just
throw fish in a new aquarium you have to
get the bacteria colonized
so that they eat the basically they eat
the pee and turn the pee into something
else and then the you know so the so the
water doesn't turn poisonous over time
right
I'm with you so I don't have the fish in
that tank right now I'm trying to
monitor the Hat like adding an ammonia
so that the bacteria grows and I need
like a plant so I got to find the light
I can use for the plants Simon I've been
assembling a new fish tank that's been
my project neat
Jason is on my ass already and I hope
he's no peas here just gonna have that
as a home for a while
oh nice let him heal up a bit then start
adding some other things in there cool
I don't want it to die this point I'm
Brut I'm so rooted for this little tiny
fish it's been through hell and back it
just keeps kicking I'm just saying you
got to even this you got to even the
playing field a little bit by by
massacring my other fishes whoo I'm also
in charge of taking care of mm-hmm teach
my lesson
can you tell jack was a farmer Rob but
the ouside kill it kill it
yeah take it up back put a shotgun to
its head you can fix that dog right up
does the fish have a name karen has
called it lemme lemme lemme nice she
keeps calling it yellow it's clearly a
florescent green clearly
something's in there already it's fun
one-eyed with no finned fish purple
people either oh I've been here already
shit oh wait I know this map I people
lying out
and someone told rich those fish are not
engineered but tattooed not the glow
fish listen there's some genetic
engineering going on there some some
fish the actual operating yeah some
things they actually inject with dye oh
that's well that's both horrible and it
wears off over time sure yeah
listen do you know how many of these
fish they sell these little tiny fish
that you think there's one tattoo artist
who comes in all day he's tattooing this
inch-long fish green I know I'm sure
it's like a it's a factory in China yeah
no what we have is something different
this globe Fisher they're actually
genetically engineered and it's somewhat
controversial but yeah I'll give a shit
use science we have slides use it yeah
yeah you know it's just it's just
Breeden we've been genetically
engineering our cows for centuries is
just making the cows that make the most
meat have sex with each other
and you know there was worried they
might get out in the wild but the the
argument for for not banning them is
that these fish are bright fluorescent
colors they're going to be eaten in the
wild fairly quickly got car keys
rich yeah if I start driving it's okay
for you to tell me where to go
yeah yeah cuz I don't know any of the
sweet paths like oh like you know okay
just keep your eye out you can write
anything you see your map you see those
dozen at Maine rose with this little
bike walking paths mhm
the car can fit down any of those
alright for one and then just look for
clearings where you can fit between
trees and watch out for rocks but you
can you you can fit between most trees
especially on this especially on this
map oh those little ones yeah those
don't stop you you can go right you just
go right through those okay cool yeah
let's stay together I have the car keys
good that was me that you didn't say
anything heady hot I did you did yeah
motherfucker this is the two-seater
no one has the batter it doesn't matter
does the four-seater need the get out of
there
this guy's trying to repair he's messed
up already Jason knows what's going on
oh the police get far far away from that
you see somebody doing something stupid
yep
I know the whole groups coming over here
what does the four-seater need battery
and empties no he took it to the wrong
car look at that look at that yeah oh he
had gas yeah he was just putting it oh
they both he better I thought the other
one had that bomb no one he was just
putting the battery in there I thought
that was one of each I thought the one
had the battery and the other one had
the gas no no he was just putting gas in
there just because he had gas
you know I wasn't like calling the cops
or anything come in what what
thank you your finger to pad trigger
finger keypad anonymous says Jack yeah
you enjoyed the story of horizon zero
dawn yeah yeah I did enjoy this very
frightening zero done may I recommend
the novel that's right
Ventus ven tus Ventus Ventus similar
starting premise machines rebel leaving
society primitive but with a more
philosophical edge to the story hmm I
could get down with it madam says I am
just testing my new credit card haha I
don't know if we went through might want
to test it again since I am here I can't
wait to see rich in the new Blade Runner
movie riches performance facial
expression is phenomenal
I love the new look keep it up great
thank you thank you you're great in
trailer trailer I know we look alike I
gave some tips before his eyes I
probably should them I didn't get the
part but here's the four-seater wait is
one of them done like the back no oh
that's just traps
lots of traps any time no keys you have
one you have one I had one you have keys
on you oh yeah I know just yeah hey guys
there's keys by the four-seater a second
set like Jason's busy
I see just need the battery right I did
someone called Tommy Jonas really
because the police are coming by you
guys play more of new order at all
Jack's decided he didn't really like it
that much
I really didn't I didn't I here's the
thing I think it's fine is what it is
it's perfectly adequate and but I love
the sunny wait wait wait isn't on the
ground behind you in this hallway okay
I've seen them spawn just like on the
floor it's it's a perfectly adequate
shooter in in a really good world I love
the world but I just can't get over how
mediocre the gameplay is you know and so
I'd rather I'd much rather spend my time
playing something else you're right out
of time Jack huh you are running out of
time wait wait before you go through
those houses what's north what's that
little house it's in there sometimes
north
yeah north of the car looks like
somebody was in there but they could
have been they could have been an idiot
oh yeah that's always a possibility like
I'm pretty sure Jason is is Priyanka
tell you it's sitting right out in the
open the person just didn't notice it oh
yeah that happens all the time
oh well oh I see Jason's coming a little
close now so I'm gonna pick an exit here
because I don't have a map anyway I'm
just gonna start following this main
road and hope that it's I'm working my
way up with the two new order I've
actually started playing some of the
older Wolfenstein yeah yeah classic
Wolfenstein I played a bit of last night
territory ah yes oh you knew perfect
yeah I think this house has not been
checked so that we could have we could
have good stuff in here
Oh cops are called oh yes I'm kind of
near them all right let's just see if I
can get it to help my cop run cuz we're
switching up gears now now as you know
it's exit I have a pocketknife and I
have a baseball but the battery you can
take the card like a boss check you
could take the car out like a fucking
boss damn it I think this might be a bad
idea but I'm gonna do it I'm gonna do no
no no he has tramps you have pocketknife
it can be used in your pocket knife to
take the car up I know
are you good with the car no I mean I'm
all righty I can drive this would be
this you know what
worst-case scenario no he'll be too busy
like defending the exit no does it get
right out with a car he's not gonna want
to let everyone out that one you can get
around that one easy oh yeah
Bickford the car door whoo yeah this is
that's a guy I feel bad telling people
this cuz it makes my life easier when
I'm playing as a counselor but if you're
Jason and you put a trap by the
passenger door it's a waste you can hit
the a prompt near it to get in the car
and just walk right over the trap like
that look at that
nothing there's a wasted trap they don't
even know it
follow the curvy road ahead and then
make it first left okay
yep follow the straight down right
if Jason shows up you don't have to
worry go around him go ride him now
walking out take my fucking car
fuck back yeah well first of all Jason
had him in there in a hole even if I got
out of the car at that point I was not
saving that person yeah that was a save
me
should have honked your horn yep nice
you're going Jack huh good about that
couple people escaped three of us
escaped three murdered not a bad showing
for Jason not a bad showing Jack got
good night first of all I didn't have to
do I I was really good at following the
road I didn't have to do any fancy
driving
I had rich guy to me I didn't like any
map mistakes I didn't crash I didn't you
know and Here I am using my legs like a
sucker absolutely I mean Jason was
camping out by there so yeah yeah
they're the smart call the smart call
was to take the car because then you
know Jason would be busy with other
people wait did that seem like it
started any faster yeah 40% there what
is your perk for yeah mine's 46 like 40%
didn't feel like it started fast it
started pretty fast yeah like all right
Joe I just don't know like a she has the
crouched perk oh I put the dunno fear
perk if you don't want that one maybe
too late
oh and your bag uh-huh
and your bag thumb thumb bag and I'll
just switch it to you it's fine oh and I
inverted the thing so thanks jack I drew
you face well thanks fresh leak soup I
you know a lot of people draw him a face
my face is an easy one to draw though
like I'm a bald man with glasses yeah i
i'm a walking caricature of myself it's
so easy I'm not discrediting your
talents I'm sure you're a talented
driver or maybe not I don't know I just
don't know greasemonkey is bugged right
now and most of the time actually makes
the actions slower just a dilly that car
seemed to start pretty fast
well know everyone who's banging this
does not necessarily guarantee that this
Oh everyone was bagging Ventus that
Ventus book yeah you know and I was I
was not over over the week I wasn't
feeling very videogame II so I didn't
get much video game time in or reading
time I just caught up on movies and TV
shows I finished season two of master of
none that Aziz Ansari show yeah
fantastic show you know a lot of a lot
of people like to talk about kind of
like you know the death of movies and
directors aren't getting a voice anymore
well you know what they went to Netflix
he is like he's telling incredibly
personal stories like him and his
writing staff there is a wonderful
episode called Thanksgiving and it takes
place one of his friends in the show is
is a black gay woman and it just goes
through different Thanksgivings in her
life in which she slowly comes out to
her family and it's gorgeous
heartwrenching angela bassett isn't him
like they got Angela Bassett to come in
planes it's just like great television
all the good all the good voices are
moving to television so we finished that
we watch split which I really I really
liked except for one fairly tone-deaf
thing I won't talk about now later I'll
well no because rich hasn't seen it yet
so I don't want to spoil it for rich
either everybody one I know what the
twist isn't split yeah no it has nothing
to do with the twist okay
I think everyone that by this point
knows what the twist is which I was okay
with because like it's not that's not
like a big surprise but the thing that
happens I just felt it was a little ah
it was it was handled in a tone definite
fashion TV is really good right now I
mean they brought back battle the
Network Stars and they're turning candy
crush into a game show well not all TV
obviously but get yourself some Netflix
or Hulu or Showtime or stars literally
just any one of those services
you know what I'm talking about in you
agree yeah and like we can you maybe
after rich sees it or you know give it a
couple more weeks and and I can get into
like just specifically why I think it's
super tone-deaf button it's just this
one little little gripe I had but the
rest of the movie is pretty good let's
see here district says hey guys my
friend plays Minecraft but I prefer
terraria because it's more
action-oriented and less time wasting
have you played either and if so which
do you prefer
mmm applied neither I played a little
bit of minecraft survival mode and it's
cute you know somebody accidentally
jumped through a window or is Jason Van
Halen Jason's been here means there's a
90% chance we got the yeah somebody
accidentally jumped in a damn window yep
no phone you know it's I'm not a big fan
of those kind of survival games like the
games that encourage you to make a camp
I don't I don't necessarily like those
that's my friends here having machete
it's a long wait I'm just saying that's
that's nice that's fast
didn't you like don't starve I was okay
with don't starve mostly I was playing
with a friend and the they gave me a
whole bunch of cheats or else I would
have died immediately I'm much much
preferred the flame and the flood which
is a survival game in which you need to
keep moving they didn't encourage you to
like build up a fortress I really like
the flame of the flood because you had
to keep moving and just rather the
supplies that you could and move on and
move on
so I much prefer that I think without
the cheat codes and playing with a
friend I would not have gotten very far
and don't step up and just don't get
ahead of yourself
let me give you a hand
this is how you get ahead in life heads
up
I'm trapped
which is weird Jason might have some
different strats or it's some it's
somebody's friend playing as Jason I was
using the witch Jason is he baguette and
he's not tramping his bag head
he puts the fucking point he puts seven
traps on the phone box just not close
enough wait how many cars are there two
maybe there by the other car why would
you trap the two-seater or not the four
seater it looks like I don't know I'm
not I'm not making excuses for bag head
it kind of sounds like I'm making
excuses for beggin that's interesting
he's been here Sri Lanka door in there
oh yeah I finished up Fargo season three
of Fargo and overall a really good
season but an incredibly disappointing
ending rid they really cocked the
landing on Fargo season three cocked it
right up rich sorry
you should be I'm gonna get out with the
police I love a pocket knife yeah yes I
agree that would help cock yeah oh they
cocked it right up there's a perfectly
fine season tough call
yeah all right that's good I prefer
Fargo season one Fargo season one I
liked a lot season two is okay season
two is just fine alright I think at this
point we stick with these people and get
out with the cops I think that's a fair
plan rich that is an absolute Fair
planned
I had keys and started thinking about a
cars possibility but he's you just got a
minute and a half to kill exits are
fairly close to one another there's
something going on over by that by the
car
that's the thing we have too many good
shows that's it that's a great problem
to have Oh Jason's over by the car - yep
start heading towards those exits doo
doo doo doo doo it's you know you know
what it's only a problem if you start
really getting into a show later on and
discover that it's canceled right the
Firefly effect yeah like oh I've just
found this amazing show oh wait like you
know but if you find it right away then
they keep making more the effort
required to keep up agreed can I hint
without spoilers why I hated the Fargo
ending yeah like without spoilers they
didn't resolve anything they they I mean
they left you hanging there was a
question on whether or not the good guys
won and Fargo historically usually the
good guys win is what I'm gonna say in
some fashion okay that's all right
that's all right
Jason's probably busy hanging out by the
car
it was it was one of those it was one of
those we leave the ending up to the
audience's interpretations and
historically that has not how Fargo goes
Fargo I I've always liked Fargo because
it's basically just a detective story
with some weird shit happening in here
in there it might be too busy with the
car but that's a long fucking spray know
just take your time keep an eye out you
have the tools Oh what okay nice well
that was my neighborly of ya
next to the left
that was very kind of you that's so nice
of them so in any case fart like you've
seen Fargo the movie right yeah yeah but
you know like even though it has weird
stuff happening and it has like brute
immense brutality it is basically just a
simple detective story we know we follow
the detective through the paces and even
though like incredible and gory things
happen at the end of the day it's a cop
show yeah and with a pregnant housewife
the brutality juxtaposed against these
yeah yeah Minnesotan you know small town
or golly gee right which is great but
you know at the end of the movie Fargo
we know that the cops figured it all out
nah just their good old gumption yeah
and at the end of season three Fargo
they leave it up to the audience's
interpretation and I think that's a big
load of horseshit
with a hint of Barton Fink
Oh Bart nothing shit on the wrong way
Cheers
yep she's at the wrong exit no you don't
know no camera got stuck on the hey
that's true beat the train she's
probably just having mad yeah but then a
I'm what you see with the lights on on
you know to go the other way complements
yeah but maybe they didn't yeah yeah
there are the default suit are there
yeah sometimes matchmaking isn't perfect
and you remember I'm at a lower level
than you are so these might be even
lower level people true bar hard no I
don't believe it led heavily to either
of the possible outcomes of Fargo season
3 I think they very intentionally left
it ambiguous because they wanted that
mystery to hang for some reason which is
very outside of the norm for Fargo other
than that though really needs the the
the main cop this time had this very fun
quirk for most of the season where like
like automatic opening doors wouldn't
recognize her she'd go to wash her hands
in the automatic sync's and it wouldn't
see her and shit like she had this big
technology problem and it was wonderful
it was a really great running gag for
like the first half of Fargo
but you know overall I was fine Oh axe
throw yes we need at least one axe throw
rich read tip check okay so alright poke
Alex in the eye says with wife still
visiting Hospital I've been rewatching
some favorite movies last night was
inglorious basterds and The Truman Show
thoughts on those two flicks the fan
flicks signed flicks fine flicks I might
have told the story before but do you
know that my mother refuses to finish
the Truman Show I think this has come up
once I think this is kind of once she
started watching The Truman Show and
became so upset at the idea The Truman
Show is about someone who lives in a
fake reality as part of a television
show and they don't know it she became
so upset at the idea of everyone else
controlling Jim Carrey's life that she
refused to watch the rest of the movie
or was she upset about the idea that
maybe her lion for somebody who's
controlling lions aren't her friends and
that's what she guys she's like oh I
hate I was like that's why you have to
finish the movie mom finish the movie so
you know how its result she's like I
will not I will not watch that movie
again I was like oh come on she's like a
child you gotta see the good guy win or
lose or you got to see him figure it out
that's how it works
so even Jason once in I have it the two
of us no we haven't
that's a little bit weird we should
double check that my preference on this
computer is set to Jason I said I
believe I said it to Jason earlier in
the night butter and inglorious basterds
I think we just actually talked about
that great I mean Santino Tarantino's
the master of the long scene and they're
all beautiful vaccines cause Islam says
hi rich a new edition of Warhammer 40k
is in with streamlined rule sets and new
starter sets three sizes each with two
armies and everything else two players
need to play much like a board game
I know exactly the sort of people who I
could play this way and I don't have
thousands of dollars to spend on
miniatures yeah sounds neat though I
probably wouldn't get into Warcraft if I
knew people that would be interested and
I could afford it
Tiberias are you saying you don't like
the long scenes of inglorious basterds
because I will respectfully disagree
with you with their opinion with what
you were saying is that it's not their
opinion no I guess no I'm sorry I
disagree with your opinion then I think
that Tarantino's long scenes are
wonderful
and while you air or and while usually
he has very like that man frustrating
beginnings of movies they all come
together in the end I really like that
map I'm sorry rich
I'm very sorry your opinion is not your
opinion sorry no I what I meant to say
is I disagree with your opinion but you
know like a lot of his movies can be
incredibly frustrating but he always
finds a way to bring them together like
if you've ever seen death Proof more the
theatrical cut of death proof it is slow
and it is dull and it is boring and then
it ends with a half-hour car chase that
is the most phenomenal thing ever to be
committed to film yeah and he just does
that or like him you see if you've seen
his segment
you see for your active but sweeping the
question is do I mute them but then what
if teamwork is necessary we got 20
seconds and then we want to go for a
little bit his segment in four rooms is
another one of those like long slow
drawn-out things and he brings it
together master the last half hour of
death proof is dope it's so dope
that it makes the rest of death proof
okay the rest of death proof
he's just slowly tickling those parts of
your body that you don't think he likes
you tickling until he makes it all work
Quentin I don't necessarily like that
I'm not sure I like that okay I like
that a lot they sold that was like a
separate movie don't they what death
Proof yeah now it's now it's like the
death Proof and Planet Terror director's
cut I think Jay might have mentioned
this early like you can now get them
together in one set yeah now which is
how you need to watch it how do they how
do they do that the theater will sound
like a break in between these press
oh really yeah machete you know the
movie was a fake one of the fake
trailers is one of the fake trailers and
I want to say Eli Roth had a fake
trailer too and it involved a girl like
jumping on a trampoline and then
somebody a knife stuck through the
bottom of
nice giving yeah oh thank god Tiberius
Kirk says Jack I was saying no to that
thing you said after that the tipping
users inflammatory name instead now
you've gone on a three minute tear about
something I didn't say
I'm very sorry Tiberius I am I apologize
for my assert Asian but you know what
that was a funnier rant than talking
about that users name which is something
that I read without really thinking
about it but hey Oh battery oh god
you're right next to the car it's a
two-seater but Jason doesn't know that
yet right where'd you see the battery
it's by the book show okay bud so
Tiberius I I apologize for any
inflammatory remarks I have made at your
best
Jason's you know he doesn't get his
sense until a little bit later
yeah he sees an open door with these
perks it might not make a difference but
if it does have a sense this is all this
is all stretch Jack do you have the
house per this one I remember which one
I took I know I definitely took that the
Crouch the your low profile yeah yeah
just twenty four percent chance in
general to not be seen only if you're
crouched
and you know like I have a thing with
Tarantino where I never really tried to
see his movies because I know I will see
them eventually and enjoy them don't
worry drop the machete
oh god or what yeah is he going for a
kill public lobby human listen you got
to look out for you and some other
person closer see gasps or keys in this
area do they have anything if I never
know thinking about leaving it Lauren in
the two-seater I don't besides you want
to hang out with those guys nope okay so
basically our four shooter there's gas
what cabin has gas
what are you doing with your life jack
we're just supposed to know what it
means
now check these houses yeah I don't find
keys oh there's gas goodbye
Oh Tommy we have battery of gas that's
he what do we need for the four seater I
am I'm standing here I've got a battery
in my hand that I'm staring at a can of
gasoline what do I need to bring more to
the four seater gas or batteries look
out for yourself
oh if I don't have keys one of them has
the keys god damn it yeah they were
saying with Jackie Brown it's great
Jackie Brunswick girl turns you know
what I think I think unintentionally
it's one of his least stylized work and
that really helps keys in a park and I
have keys in a pocketknife keys in a
pocketknife keys and a pocketknife keys
in a pocketknife a pocketknife
no that was my little surf song burn
burn burn burn burn burn burn burn burn
burn bum bum keys okay good night give
that up
people suck they do suck I don't and
they're all hanging out by the
four-seater so are we thinking of the
keys are over there by the forest either
what do you think it Mitch I know keys I
have to go over them I don't know what
they would communicate I would know if I
need to bring key and a battery or gas I
wouldn't know I could be helpful but
that will require something that's not
just squeaking it nonsense into the mic
goddamn children demon
okay I'm supposed to read this in a rich
Evans place huh so haha I rich Evans
really like the Wizards in game and the
ten dollar Promethean DLC for Mass
Effect 3 it was ten out of ten pretty
good pretty good yeah that was little
townsend Coleman that's how I that's how
I picture Rich's voice that's how I hear
which is nice he might he might think
it's a four shooter go to the four
shooter no and he was already alerted
because he messed up the repairs yeah it
won't hurt anymore to double alert him
now we just have to see if he comes over
oh let's see here trapped rat traps rats
this time it's lupus says hate rich and
Jack I don't care what game you guys
play for the most part so long as you're
entertaining and hilarious you're
entertaining and hilarious elves I'm
great play what you want yeah it I mean
it bums me out that that mic pick fails
but failure is always an option we have
to be comfortable with failure look at
this shit oh wait I think I did that
once no did I not do that no I did that
with the other one because I just oh
that was your strap
there's one person left alive there's a
good try rich there's a good time this
is because I could on my own yeah
no you hey you were communicating you
were trying other people were dickheads
alright we're getting the fuck out of
this lobby oh he got the kill though
yeah no yeah oh well you were more
interested in the shitty game you've
never seen rather than watching this
again sorry well I'm not interested in
the shitty game that I had never seen it
was awful it was awful it was really bad
and it could have been good if there
were like real levels it could have been
just a fun little distraction and we
could have chatted about stuff while we
were throwing grenades and stuff but the
game was me versus rich and it wasn't
very fun so sorry what game three two
one grenades is what we started the
stream with and learned very very
quickly that it was not going to be a
good game we switched this and we've
already had many great adventures yep
even one doesn't work out like this last
one we had has a little bit of an
adventure with the idiots absolutely
almost getting out on my own
Colonel rich muster says Jack read the
fucking chat guess when I am I fucking
am check Oh check the Preferences I'm
I'm 90% sure that I'd switch the
Preferences to Jason but rich after this
game if you could please check your
spawn preferences I am 90% sure that I
switched it to Jason preference
am I ever going to finish Game of
Thrones season 6 I don't know maybe
maybe I'll go back and watch it one of
these days I just don't care about it I
just really don't care about it I could
be wrong I absolutely could be wrong but
I am 90% sure I switched my spawn
preferences to Jason see that's the
thing Kellogg's Corn Flakes
Idol that the trailer for 3 2 1 grenades
looks intriguing and it promised a
single-player camp you know like a
campaign mode and it lied because there
was no campaign
so is tracer the mascot of overwatch or
is it Deva Deva is getting just as much
attention as tracer is in merchandising
yeah tracers on the cover is why a lot
of people consider tracer to be the
mascot
this guy's gonna bar that door and ruin
my stealth strats probably so tracer is
the mascot Deva is the more popular
character mostly because I believe she
is a Korean character and many people
from Korea playing overwatch
I need keys before an idiot finds them
that's that's my goal right now I need
keys before an idiot finds them
beautiful he's near you you can just
tell him to give you the keys they might
be good he might be good Oh tea I've got
the battery we we just need gas you
can't even move the camera while I'm
holding to you
hey you did it shaping up to be
something that's true blizzard took the
gremlin diva meme and put it into the
game where there's animo where she's
drinking Mountain Dew and eating cheetos
they also took like someone made a like
fan art of Deva taking a selfie while
her mech explodes they turned that into
into a victory pose they're very good at
playing up the fanservice in over wash
settings versus a customization spawn
preference it is Jason okay it's Jason
all right great spawn preference is
Jason problem that is everybody has
Jason set as their spawn preference it
is strange that we have not had it at
all tonight but I do think like the
first couple of games I played I had the
preference set to neutral
statistics are weird too statistics are
weird I agree one out of eight champs
doesn't one eight chance doesn't mean
it's going to happen exactly one out of
every eight tries right I've been Jason
three times in a row yeah yeah it's
happened yeah but any sorry no but I had
nothing shouldn't should they have made
it like dead by down where you can just
choose whether you want to be Jason then
you would be waiting in a lobby that's
20 minutes that's fine if that's what
you want then nobody ever gets to be him
really innocence yeah but then you also
have people not point like people might
begrudgingly be counselors I think
there's a there's a greater chance that
someone will begrudgingly be a counselor
but if you have someone just sitting and
waiting for 20 minutes to play the game
because it's an option that that leads
to bad that leads to bad feelings yeah
so no I I think they're doing it as
right as they can
we need them to tweak if someone leaves
the game immediately after they find out
they're not Jason they needed to be
punished for that they need to find a
way to figure that out you can guarantee
it's gonna be three matches without
being Jason for them exactly if if you
if you leave within the first 30 seconds
of the match more in that two minutes
two minutes two minutes okay
I'm fine at that point they're probably
invested or not all right I like it
get on the developers get on it unless
you get killed then you just leave mMmmm
now I have a few people that run up to
Jason but it isn't Austin doesn't always
go where you are first so we're not bad
kidding I changes to party
I can talk to Jay about a Fifth Element
review but I don't know if it'll
necessarily happen so trap Jason and the
map were the car and phone spawn next to
each other yeah this will be fun
I hate this map some days and I have to
play that map against trapper Jason Wow
Wow Wow I would love to do a review of
Fifth Element because I know Jay does
not like 5th element Jay both Jay and
Mike do not like the fifth element but I
love it and so I would like to do a
review with them for the fifth element
before valerian and the planet of a
thousand cities or city of a thousand
planets talking bottoms-up
talk to them but I will talk to them
about it I was trying to talk James
doing something for split because I want
to talk about that and I don't think
they did a half in the bag for that
either can't I hijack the review set
sure but then it just be me and you guys
wouldn't watch that underground review
underground rave review underground yeah
hey guys it's me Jack I'm gonna talk
about this direct
alright you would have to you'd have to
have it so the cameras rolling before
you like done setting up like the
cameras are on then you see like you run
by and light goes on then you remind the
other white goes on and then you see me
run to the other cameras to turn that
log okay alright guys before they come
back
Jay Mike went out to grab some food I
got about 15 minutes to talk about
sister Anne you'll be talking about it
with like a homeless guy that you
obviously drag to be there just like a
dummy like a blow-up doll yep oh it
could be called high jacked that's not
me that's Zephyr kills Zephyr kills we
hijack review I like it
I liking I liking it let's see here
regarding 40k
apparently there's a gaming club in
Milwaukee where people play 40k also
starter sets are cheaper formed
especially to introduce you to friends
of the game great thank you let's see
here anonymous says Jack I know you are
waiting a bit to watch Twin Peaks in the
meantime the official Spotify playlist
for the series by Johnny Jewell is
smooth as fuck nice yeah I am waiting
you know I'm gonna wait a little bit
because I think there's another thing
ooh
propeller ok guess there is a there's
another thing on Showtime that I think
Lisa watches and so we're waiting for
that to come out then we'll buy Showtime
and I'll get to launch Twin Peaks but I
don't think it's gonna happen anytime
soon map pocket knives aren't so
important to speed is that a map would
be useful I need to locate them partner
maybe I know maybe I'll get lucky if gas
is over here yep it doesn't the next
Jack Reeve you have to be a whiz Lee
Snipes movies why break the streak
that's true I don't know if it will ever
see the light of day but I have already
filmed a review a long time ago I assume
that it just wasn't good and it will
never see the light of day
what do you thoughts on that Ridge I
remember which one it was right when I
did another review trying to remember
what which ones we talked about after we
did oh they did another one that one
never went up after we did demolition
man that let's guess I know after rich
and I did our demolition man review I am
smart got the gas on first yeah we we
did another review right afterwards that
still has not seen the light of day and
it's been long enough where I just
wonder if it was a dud possibly they've
had they've had enough content outward
like you know usually these kind of
things they just put up whenever they
was that bad huh I didn't think was that
bad I actually thought it was a really
good conversation but you know so I'm
not going to talk about I don't think
it's gonna go up there's another one
you're not there's another review that
did it the RBOB that's not instinctive
to my brain right I see the little icon
with the mouse though it's much easier
well right and it's like you just have
to focus on just the L or the our LR
yeah right yeah so wait you did another
review that has yet to see the light of
day yeah so there's two out in the wild
people
Oh Oh Jason's at the boat you see him
yeah don't forget about your Crouch I
want distance I'm worried about the
sense oh yeah when you locate people
with Jason do you do it
by no Angie do you do it by the read
sense
oh right sense but remember the crouch
might nullify the read sense you have
that perk right I don't know that I have
that perk we have that perk cooked up to
her all right if you are if you are
crouched there's a 24 percent chance
that he won't see you in his sentence
that if you're crouched as if you're
crouched I know I know I wish I could
see if like a bunch of blips are by the
car and I know the fucking of that car
he's someone said they dropped the keys
by the car I don't hear anything
yeah do you hear anything I don't hear
anything
maybe he went to go check out that car -
he can't spend all day by the boat no I
can't sounds like people are killed
cause he was trying to glitch yeah I
don't know where he said he was like
rats bearing crouched somewhere and he
just shot him alright yeah Jarvis all
right jack what currently dead game
series would you like to see get a
revival half-life
it's the fake happens it's the fake up
music yeah just checking out your map
check the traps of course you didn't set
any cops okay just l remember how our
I'll are you good at this huh are you
good at this I mean you can do it rich
boom can you see the thing I have map
huh see what Thanks oh you know you can
see the big red buoys I know where it is
I'm strapped
busy trapping mccartey
trapping a car
Oh son of a bitch yeah
I mean a forever yeah what Jason spends
that much time worrying about the boat I
hope they get the fucking car together
and get out of there Oh someone saw the
boat move now maybe you can get someone
a little bit closer all right let's see
here
KJ tb8 says hi guys finally got some
time off so I can catch stream live
what's with the hates of Australian time
zones you should start streaming at 2
a.m. your time that'd be good for rich
rich is a night owl I keep a quasi
normal schedule so probably wouldn't do
it
you don't want to be out on the road
that late sure that's the other thing 2
a.m. is when all the bars closed in
Milwaukee and you do not want to be in
oh no that's what all the cops are
looking to finish meeting their quotas
I've gotten a ticket at Tilley I'm just
for driving on the road no are you yeah
like a mile over or something but I'm
the only one around pull over and there
got to make that quota well more so
they're probably just looking for drunk
drivers and so you know you're my you're
Amaya
however you slice it you don't want to
be on the road at 2:00 a.m. because you
get pulled over for some bullshit reason
or because there's drunk drivers out
there's many reasons not to be on the
road that late she got my boat huh that
lady got my dick and she got out you
rich you saved that lady think about it
like that you directly led to saving
that lady so congratulations let's see
here captain Zorro says highjacked is
too good upon to not do anything with
I'll talk to the boys about it I'm gonna
guess that that's gonna end up to be a
big fat noop
I can make a whole series I'll go on the
I'll go on the half of the bag set and
do a half in the bag hijacked and it'll
just be my phone oh I'll get a selfie
stick and the whole thing I'll just be
with my phone on the selfie stick and
I'll sit on their set and do a quick
review in between best of the worst
stuff it'll be great three-way around
for the ship that's completely up to you
men completely up to you
I don't know if this is a good group of
people or not I wasn't really hanging
out with them I was trying to get out on
the book avoiding the firecrackers we go
into the combat stance and block you can
avoid the firecracker I'm pretty sure
that's not intended so it's bullshit
since people have figured that one out
it's made firecrackers useless yeah yeah
see here hey previous recorded I'm the
artist of a Nantucket re licensed comic
I included a reference to previously
recorded in issue number one can I send
a copy absolutely send it to the feel
box I'd love to see that I would love to
see that in Jack's America piracy is
punishable by death and you're up to no
good if you're on the road at night what
I'm what I'm saying is it's one it's if
a cop really pulls rich over for going
one over which I'm guessing that's an
exaggeration it's just like I'm sure
rich if something you know generally
speaking I would like to believe that
cops pull people over for legitimate
reasons number two I know that cops
don't pull people over for legitimate
reasons three it probably has less to do
with quotas and more to do with a random
drunk driving check which is still bull
sang then of course huh you think they
don't have quarters I know they do have
quarter okay sure they have quotas
because they're glorified tax collectors
no I'm saying no matter what it's a bull
it's bullshit
I'm agreeing with you that it's bullshit
I'm just saying like it's for I'd like
to think that maybe they're pulling you
over just
check your breath to see if you smell
like booze you know if you don't
investigate actual crimes you you're a
police officer your job is to generate
revenue yes yes yes random drunk driving
checks are against the law well you know
they have checkpoints but uh but I'm
well that's what I'm saying if rich was
speeding and it's past 2:00 a.m. here
that's that's a night that's a nice
reason for a cop to come up and smell
your breath for booze I fully fully
believe that police pull people over all
the time for not doing anything wrong
when we moved to the suburbs
oh man the cops they were on power trips
yeah Jesus Christ suburbs are the worst
suburbs are the worst when we moved from
the farm to the suburbs cops cops be
harassing us all the time we have a full
stream nobody in know Jason's no we
won't be Jason once it seems strange but
that's how it works well now you get
another chance to sprint to the car get
gas and real quick like I said earlier
though the whole scenario was playing
out what it can't what's the count now
for for Jason Jason leaving I think
that's for tonight easy you win Oh oh
yeah no I'd leave some weight we got
that going for us
sorry scoffs blowing us over but no I'm
no I was I was just getting into a
semantical argument where and any no
matter what it was a bullet it's
bullshit reasons but maybe maybe it's
safety bullshit reasons instead of money
bullshit reasons don't trust the cops I
never never fools ain't shit fuck plus
the plus multiple ways
fools ancient plus fuck the pigs hey old
ramen what flavor are you you mentioned
in one shrine me I don't know how long
ago that you used to play D&D; would you
ever think of streaming a session of a
mighty fighter pants guy my D
situation is I had a very good friend
who played a lot of TV and he invited me
to join up with his D&D; group and I went
to one you know the Indian and everyone
in the group was a big asshole towards
me and did not make me feel very welcome
I will probably would really enjoy D&D;
but i just-i can't-- getting into it now
I wouldn't be able to just because of
time resources investment and Sonu might
be in the situation is someone tried to
bring me into the DMV group and the rest
of the group was a big asshole towards
me because I was trying to understand
how the game worked and they were
treating me like I was an idiot you
never really did it yeah yeah so I never
really never role played the RLI member
who was under role-playing was Mike I
bet it would be incredibly fun like I
you know I when I did comedy Sportz like
creating characters creating situations
I have no doubt that I would really
enjoy myself possible possible possible
dare I say likely two dots
we got two dots people so I'm sure I
would really enjoy D&D; but unfortunately
never really got into it where we go
first where's the phone
gotta move that a bit closer but I'm
dumb up where Higgins I'm like against
the old double trap Stratton yeah makes
too much sense oh yeah I've played
munchkin I like munchkin that's a that's
a fun card game up ace way too far away
oh hello power box
fuck you Jason I love that for what else
he gonna say to Jason now
howdy I'm Holly five thousand no one
says that anymore get out of town
choose one Stevie Wonder or Elton John
Stevie Wonder rich I don't care either
way
not into Stevie Wonder or Elton John
Elton John has some decent hits but if I
can only listen to one okay Stevie
Wonder no disrespect to Sir Elton John
Elton John played X Whedon's it migrated
oh oh he's got the battery yep there's a
high-priority target Oh someone's trying
to fix something
got it for me right
no traps are still there huh
nice gogogogo casein make them suffer
anybody
I'll play the game
and I just like hey buddy
my Stabbin as I'm loaded unlimited I
don't know about yours second
oh right across the kisser a bunch of
people doing a bunch of shit rich fuck
you
yes head pump into you while you were
shifting they deserve to die Jason make
them suffer
alright this cars priority right yeah I
mean it's a four-seater they got the we
know they have the battery who knows if
they have gas or not right yeah just
keep checking in on that boat
of there's gas gas
oh that's a dumb idea Oh planned oh he's
got key oh man no they got keys hold
trap it up trap paid off
in fact rats
there's guys are idiots
sorry
that's a good stun oh shit
nice driving stay next to that door
catch mascot they got your mask off you
can never die
where they go I left you
they left you friend yeah that's a great
killer it's you're doing great but now
you gotta get back to that car make them
suffer like oh yeah the lord of the rats
did you turn off your music yeah house
hunt them down and make them look at
them all look at them all rich
I'm not afraid over how they come to us
we can hear you
oh and firecrackers they're gonna get
greedy
oh they got greedy they got greedy they
waited for everyone they would have
gotten out of there if one of their
friends didn't go on nope
too close too close oh this is great
slum come here
yeah letting me love come here no rich
is all out of traps you can't set any
more traps that guy has a flare gun he
can stun rich
oh whoa yeah yeah Oh fine battle though
rich fine battle all right you gotta
listen they were so close to eggs and
you killed like a mother what are you
saying
huh what do you say I think he just said
fuckin shit like I don't know if he said
he aint fuckin shit
it might have said that but you killed a
lot of people I wouldn't call that a
fail I think I think that was pretty
good though that was pretty close did he
say cheated rich here's you know here's
the thing
after you be Jason for a long enough or
after you fought and Jason long enough
you understand that if Jason is next to
the driver side door yeah you can't get
in
is it a bitch move kind of like I'm not
saying it's wrong rich I'm not saying
it's wrong but it's it's kind of
exploitative not super they weren't
organized okay where's oh yeah and
here's the thing it's not a bitch move
because organized campers are totally
gonna own Jason yes yeah it's how much
trouble that was and they got out I
think
random counselor Nabal's it's a bitch
move if you playing against people who
are just boobs in the first place
sure sure it's not in the spirit it will
like end but to see that's the thing
where it's like it's not in the spirit
of the game but it's in the game and
they were really good and it's a good
strategy mm-hmm you know like obviously
you can't stand by the door all the time
or else they'll just leave a different
one yeah you have to move from the door
eventually so I'm not I'm not saying
it's even like the worst of the bitch
moves but it's just one of those you
know it's one of those things so many
lady parts move of course it's a bitch
move like pausing FTL every three
seconds no that's part it's part of the
game
pausing FTL Jason standing by the door
woman Lily don't pull over if they play
off deal didn't you have a victory No
that Pizza trainee 11 puts it in a very
nice way which is you play to win not to
be polite yes thank you piece of train
that's the best way to put it
oh this is like the worst starting
location in the game I'm gonna search
and die in this house and I don't really
care I hate this map so much
right by the car yeah the phone's box
probably right here Miriam so Jason's
coming any second now as soon as he
picks up his two knives he'll be there
and fine if I don't find anything useful
I'll probably just let him kill me I'm
gonna be dead honest with you oh yeah
and then I'll go find a game on a map
that doesn't suck trapped rats yeah so
many people use these doors firecrackers
which are now broken because Jason could
just guard through them mm-hmm how does
not as useful as they once were maybe
this house doesn't have the phone I have
the phone but this whole house I found
nothing giant house giant fucking house
upstairs I'll be honest I just wanted to
see a rich win ya know he was he was on
the right path
he made a calculated move to go after
the one guy with the flare gun and
because Rob did not come up fast enough
for some reason I wasn't saying kill
prompt well yeah sometimes it's been
just the right position and because they
they were working the counselors were
working together wait was there someone
before the culture is it trap in the
trash nobody follow me I thought gas or
a battery but you do you have anything
at all you might have a key that's like
you're at your waist off at that point
you just say I've got keys right right
we're almost out here I found keys
halfway across Matt from the car yeah
does anybody have gas or a battery or a
pocketknife to disarm the traps or
something to stun Jason with or Jan and
Jan bear in ski I have a feeling that
this comment is meant to like start some
shit because why
the Jambor in ski says Jack are you
still anti emulation which you know I'm
pretty vocally anti emulation and I
can't imagine anything that would have
changed my mind recently so I feel like
this comment you just wanted to start
some shit and I just didn't want to
leave it hang there because it was such
a friend comment so you guys know how I
feel rich is getting mad no I'm not are
you getting mad no rich rich first of
all settle down
you're acting up
yes
I guess I'm branded to the four-seater
yeah
am i still anti Rick and Morty there we
go that's something way more
controversial no I just feel kind of mad
about it and I just didn't do it you
know it didn't sink in for me
I have no hard feelings about Rick and
Morty except for I don't like that he
burps all the time but
yes a chickadee monster I I'm still anti
emulation even after the last comment
that's but that's dick checking maybe
well let's see you know what rich ever I
know people might be lying and making
fun of me but I actually do like this
shirt a lot I got it on sale at Target
and I think it's a great chair it's a
fine shirt jacket fine sure there's a
fine shirt
fine fine shirt last week my mom took my
boys for most of the week and so Lisa
and I were childless for like six days
in a row and it was amazing and the real
reason I'm wearing this shirt is because
I spent most of that time eating out at
nice restaurants restaurants that you
can't take children to and so I spent
the last week eating a lot of really
good food and so I feel incredibly
bloated and
button-up shirts kind of help distract
cars gas already alright oh shit
there was something they left it by the
car this one I think this is a
two-seater guy doesn't know what's going
on
no any board games that I played
recently that I want to talk about yeah
you know I played a an interesting board
game we talked about a gift keys I know
the two-seaters by the lodge we're
taking us to the floor
hey that's Jimmy James hey I'm back from
the dead guys oh yeah it feels great to
be loved just to die again I know like
I'm there and you know what some
people's kids can handle like nicer
restaurants but you know we've talked
about mine being picky eaters and so
excuse me excuse me we don't want this
slow-smoked
pulled pork sandwich do you have any
chicken
it's he the gas is trapped unless
somebody has a pocketknife to disarm it
they didn't hear that because you're
removing the camera gas has a trap on it
have less somebody has pocketknife all
right okay hit C all right then let's
let's find keys before we spring it all
right Jimmy James yeah I might be doing
it oh thank you keys shotgun to the face
I did not see keys in any of those
corpses but some nuts I don't know I was
not paying attention range over a stick
yeah
wrench over a stick you don't really
have to search through the court corpses
you know you can see the little white
circle and you can tell pretty quickly
if I have any keys Tiberius says let's
all go to the same house that seems
secure right well somebody's getting out
with a car someone took the car yeah
that one dickhead Oh Chad's a dick see
it but this is why you stick with a
group because now you have many people
to defend against Jason yep
so if rich can get in there there's a
possibility if you can stun them does
that block it goes really
Oh
and somebody hit Jason somebody not
smart enough to go out and try and stun
him with something I'm deliberately not
doing it it's just gonna night the whole
Dasia right someone stun him while we
start the car I did see Chad fly up like
that look at Chad stuck and he got up to
spray himself with medical spray look at
Chad yeah make it a good clean fight
good clean fight oh poor Chad
I mean he did try to escape without you
so it's kind of deserved it's almost
10:00 it's almost done so you know we've
been going for about four hours yeah one
more one more
okay one more we caught up and
everything uh yeah yeah we're caught up
on everything we're just uh I'm just
checking out the chat and see what you
guys were up to a lot of you know no F
yeah no F for chat look at that eight
out of eight kills congratulations Jason
congratulations you did it a lot of
people mentioning tums festivals they
must be having some sort of heartburn
I don't think that one's gonna catch on
as much as people hope it does rich
that's fine just keep sending me tums in
the mail yeah no you would hate that my
oh yeah I would hate it if you said tums
to be in the mail like if someone sent
you a big box of tough to rub it in as
like a joke
then you got that wrong about the Tom's
festival you would hate having a big box
of Tom's sent to the PIO box they got
all the minute the video got over I
think so I think so but some people some
people think it's funny don't alan
stanwyk Scott staying Park Tom's
Festival maybe maybe it was pretty funny
it was pretty funny Jay made it you know
he really runs it I couldn't bear to
watch it oh he rubbed the salt in that
wound man yeah yeah I mean of course it
did oh yeah yeah absolutely
oh yeah I would hate it if you sent beer
in the mail - that would suck like all
of the nice beer from around the world
that we've gotten has been terrible it's
clogged up the refrigerator Hey
possible yeah you were just Jason there
yeah no I don't want to be a counselor
alright oh yeah like throwing away all
those beer cans and beer bottles it's a
big hassle I mean let me tell you the
secret about this game yeah Jason a lot
of people want to be Jason the best time
you have in this game or ever my escape
earlier in the car that's it so much
more fun than killing everybody is Jason
you know I I think it's it's inversely
related at the beginning of the game you
want to be Jason more yeah because Jason
is an easier character to be and you
know it's very satisfying killing
everyone but then as you go through it's
more challenging and therefore more fun
to be a counselor agreed and but you
know what I agree that encephalopathy
t'k like being Jason has a pressure you
do it like if you're a shitty Jason you
it makes you feel bad your sheet
accounts like yeah you know Jason killed
me that's not a big deal but you don't
kill everyone then you feel worthless
performance anxiety absolutely I've had
those games I've had those games where
like everyone got away and afterwards I
apologize where I'm just I don't know
guys I don't know what happened I'm
really sorry and luckily the group I was
with was really nice so yeah I don't
know that happened sometimes like yeah
you guys just beat me you beat me and
that happens but like I didn't kill one
of you
now it's feeling being Tommy Jarvis also
feels worthless because then you know
you've failed at some point ah no you
could be Tommy Jarvis for escaping
can you yeah oh I don't know if I've
ever gotten that I had a real nice match
where I got oh no I want to do that I
got I got out on the boat like really
early I spent 90% of the matches Tommy
Jarvis and here's the thing you don't
get extra points for escaping twice
Tommy I had free rein just to be a hero
and do it over the fuck I wanted sure
sure it's like ice - Tommy Tommy so I
went over by the the car saw some people
were trying to get out with the car help
them escape hey shot Jason and when they
started the engine I was just
distracting Jason I wasn't worried about
getting in the car they started driving
away and I'm just like keep going keep
going
save yourself yeah I don't get any extra
points keep going in fact if I knock
Jason down then I get extra points yeah
so then uh because I know I know what
Jason does when there's a car on the
loose and I he was just standing still I
knew he was looking at the map yeah
looking forward they were driving I
sucked up behind him before he could
tell apart right I hit him with a
baseball bat knocked him over nice and
they had a chance to escape nice so you
were a survivor and a hero yeah then I
got the phone in those are just a
fantastic match when I got out in the
boat yeah
help help two people get out on the car
and then after that I actually got the
fuse in
no don't anything okay over that right
now he's waiting by the dock you said
let's go
yeah but Jason didn't see the propeller
wait we can't get out now
he's gonna kill hope I just can come
you might have moved on to him it's a
more he moved on to her she's dead made
he knows we're going for the boat he's
if he's not an idiot he's not gonna let
up we just need to get out of here when
he comes back looking for me
yeah then we need to lay low okay I'm
with you I like the strategy I think
it's great the tube master I'm reading
chat every once in a while I'm trying to
pay attention to the game I'm talking to
rich from reading chat all right there
you go to master protip yeah you cannot
get out on the boat if Jason knows what
you're up to
Corinne is way too easy for him to kill
you on the boat yeah the boat is the
stealth option you can get out under his
nose unless he's looking down then
you're dead
yeah and it's it's a one button kill for
him if you're on the boat technically
two but yeah you there's no there's
nothing you can do to defend against it
one thing
the propeller was right here she took it
Oh what's she done wait he came back as
Tommy or he ran away they think I'm dead
yeah waiting for the heat to die down
there's no way you're getting out in the
boat if he knows what you're doing
North he meet me by the boat I think it
might be safe to go back down now
okay can you use the sweater on Jason
while swimming I don't think so yes I
read this right now I wonder
are you fucking serious
all right we're not getting on that boat
zombie unfortunately yeah
he knows what's up he knows what's up
how poor is my eyesight poor ish without
my glasses on I hard for me to read
stuff it's far away but you know I can
man it's not it's not the worst so the
two aren't dead already are they one two
three there's there's three other people
three other people
yo Jason can hear you talking if you are
near Jason
it's a good kill yeah I like that guys -
could kill he didn't follow rich into
the barn because what he did work well
there's there's only like there's one
big exit to the bar yeah you just wait
he probably turned off his scary music
and just wait I was pretty I was pretty
screwed once he focus in on me and not
the other two the barn is a really bad
place to be in general like you never
know which exits window will be open one
big area usually I the barn is a bad
place to be I guess I guess that's it
yeah yeah that's kind of him unless you
feel like doing one more but no that was
pretty good you oh yeah we got some
Jason time I mean listen we kind of
peaked after you did that car circle I
know the first 10 minutes of them I know
so you know anything else anything else
is just it's just cake as far as I'm
concerned so you know great the axe
furrow might be your favorite death
I like the axe or a lot I'm I'm partial
to the punching someone's head off
because it's so dumb and the the pickaxe
turned the head all the way around head
stomps not babby a pickaxe is pretty
damn good spear through the face been
slowly pulling out through the other
sides not bad
stick the spear on the ground slowly
slide their head down it's a favorite of
mine there's another one for the axe to
where you just slowly push the head on
the axe yeah that's a good one we we
caught up on tips we are caught up on
tips yeah punching that punching the
head off is dumb and that's why I love
it
bazoom that's on the floor it's a it's
on the floor they're talking about the
game is what they do on the weekend what
did you get the best at worst yeah best
of the worst breath of the wild dlc no I
don't hear it's the combat dungeon
whatever I'll take a look when the last
ones out I don't even know if I'm gonna
bother to play the whole game again just
for that right yeah I know I also did
not get the graphical on VLC I don't
really care all right let's see this is
the point of the stream in which we
thank all the people who have subscribed
to us during this stream much like
spambot 8/8
who says six months whoo the a C's is
five fucking months just trying to slide
step though they've both fucking
loophole usually we only say the amount
of month that's one has subscribed if
it's over a year these people found a
nice little loophole moki be 85 oh my
god mochi pants down Jack we got it's in
the bag rich you got to go to the bag
for mochi no we did it in this one yeah
we did it in this one yep Oh remember I
fixed it all right all right wait oh
you're right there okay ready mochi b85
for thirty six fucking months in a row
there we go look we did something I
remember now thirty six fucking months
in a row and our confetti is working we
did all right and mochi b85 says three
year anniversary all and all I ask is
more X come and more glaring technical
issues well we fixed this one either way
I'll be fine for me much love to my
records Thank You mochi Thank You mochi
captain and Xaro
phasis yeah
did you just call me blob rotoscoping
who says ask the Canadians to send you
some poutine it's delicious there we
have poutine here we have food scene
here in fact you go to a vanguard in
Milwaukee if you're ever in Milwaukee
look up Vanguard
they have delicious poutine robot not a
robot 101 says another month still no
work but soon I graduated might be to do
or prime again thanks for all the fun
hope the five dollar helps maybe I'll
get to see this message
maybe I'll get to see this message this
time around we appreciate it not a robot
beer Meister 2089 421 fucking months in
a row beer Meister says 21 months fuck
yeah yo Kitty double one says oh goody I
thought twitch fucked me on my length of
time subbed captain s WC render unto me
urbis and aether for 13 months in a row
sir Danforth sucks seven months that's
the butt plug anniversary starts out
uncomfortable but then you start to get
into it I get it
power fantasy who says resub me
automatically Amazon don't you know I
want to support these hacks forever
Thank You gerald Belen swagger says
thanks for the years of entertainment
guys no problem you're welcome juror
problem dude f s 1 to 7 captain jerk
says four months and it was worth it
just to see rich out skill purple Jason
always enjoy the streams thanks guys you
love them very long we're like I'll have
to see if if we can just twitch
highlight highlight cuz that circle
driving was so fucking good there's a
lot of almost tonight that was the one
that was that was that was perfect right
of course almost got out my own a
two-seater it was stupid that's all
right yeah hold on we're done with this
round
so we'll just why don't you go sit and
sit in the tent while we're waiting
oh no I'll just go out to the menu
because then we get that nice Jason
picture hold on get us out of here knows
that were you gonna do that oh yeah oh
yeah that's where you go to do that oh
sorry I need you to alt-tab book oh wait
no no I don't never mind
lol boom there we go um are you ready
for X Mensa you didn't I only grabbed
one you gotta grab a handful of them
rich it's a great idea it's something
special like grab a couple of them just
in case that's why it's special X Mensa
436 fucking months in a row expensive
says toddler I hardly knew her
yeah bars one and one sturm oh alright
Frisco Jones 4:30
or fucking months in a row bars one and
one stirrer said have a nice day or have
a day have that nice just have a day I
think we did okay we maybe just don't
die that's what okay well I you know
what having a day I think is more than
that like they want you to do something
to cause like what if you sit inside all
day don't do anything don't watch
anything you just said fucking that
motherfucking right because 36 is still
fucking after and the 36 is the confetti
37 is starting the motherfucking just to
the motherfucking on 36 we do the
confetti on 36 we do both cheap bastard
we have not set specific rules for when
we start the motherfucking I assumed it
was 37 there so why would it be 37
because we do a special thing for 36 a
thing that we only do the special thing
is that we get the same motherfucking
that's the special part but what about
the confetti so they get double special
it's three years I get it but then
anything else with that money that's
true no I guess that's dry I mean that's
fire that's fair I listen I in my head I
had the rules differently so that's fine
that was Frisco Jones rich Frisco Jones
eff poon double-oh-seven
space Comeau 434 fucking months in a row
hotdog dr. Cornelius flying dog 77 Lakin
for twenty four fucking months in a row
lake hun says 36 mother fucking months
in a row how strange is it that that
comes up right after we had conversation
that seems that seems too good there a
Dipity jack code to be coincidental
serendipity apparently where are we were
ad
Pez freak who says I love you guys keep
up the great work
a Michele 87 says 34 34 fuckin ones that
are out first they say no 34 months and
it feels so good
more Captain James May gobbly gook s'
435 fucking monster roses I want a
hamburger know what cheeseburger I want
a hot dog I want a milkshake there you
go
nobody goes already half to 36 we're
going down there I could swear they had
a 36 earlier let's see here W W 1 2 3 4
5 6 7 8 9 1 0 who says for the record
it's w w 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 not 12
billion 345 million six hundred seventy
eight thousand nine hundred and ten well
there you go okay well there you go
I Baines this double zero Fresno Bob who
says thanks rich and Jack for equal
parts entertainment and aggravation
see that's that you know what that is
that's honest that's honesty right there
the dude 1944 for 30 fucking months in a
row just 30 months when do I get
confetti at 36 months you also get a
motherfucker than you know apparently
you also get a motherfucking saying it's
like doubles and blah Matic pop
emblematic pop before I said it like
awkwardly in stiltedly
came I happened to ventually emblematic
pop says hit him with the Hein scarecrow
because movie for 17 months in a row
says thanks for all the fun fellow
disciples
hashtag let Jack drop the plinky no ball
never I know I will of course I will
of course I will see past the shit
Eric Kirk the bird man I was Mike for 30
fucking months and roses hey guys great
to see you this might be one of the last
live streams I get to catch as I will be
going back to studying soon important
loves spending time with you guys cheers
well goodbye guys Mike Mike with your
studies cheers how's Mike sub sonic Bell
who says has rlm ever thought of making
appearances at Comic / pop culture
conventions as guests or exhibitors
we've done it in the past we haven't
done it in a while there's no immediate
plans to visit busy making videos
crabman is 69 Chuck Fox who says I
subbed two days ago but it's letting me
share my anniversary today let's hope
you guys can see this Chuck my Fox cool
thank you
welcomes the clown for 29 fucking months
in a row grandma oh no sorry great um oh
one collecting data or data however
you're supposed to pronounce it which I
believe Star Trek TNG changed the way
most people pronounce data
I think Dada Dada was the common usage
German pronunciation before TNG because
of data because the date of the
character I think now people just say
data when it's probably more accurate to
say data or I wonder if it's a potato
potato and the thing is a potato potato
kind of thing but I think it changed
which one was common hmm interesting
I lost it on the screen sure says thanks
for the murder rampage there's a minor
murder rap
today I mean there's pretty pretty much
Ali raza for 17 months in a row says
thanks for the shared shirt
it's shirt I don't know what shirt them
we gave you
I thought Ali rasa was gonna say thanks
for the shit and it took me by surprise
that it said shirt Val 5001 low-tom says
ah it's tip call-out time and I have
nothing to say my name is tape for 25
fucking months in a row says hi
