Episode 817
Old School Stein
August 7, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKfXZ81f__o
___________________________________________

hey rich what time do you say we're
certain I said nine Wow you you smartly
got the buffer in there absolutely I
smart very smartly put the buffer in
there live we're live hi everybody
welcome old school we did we did the new
Wolfenstein yeah there's the old one and
here's the oh look at that that's awful
you're drifting I know I am why are you
drifting oh you know what okay that's
off now well now I bet it has something
to do with the controller still being
100 my microphone is falling yeah I'm
gonna plug the thing yep
there we go I bet the controller was
like tilted the controller was like
tilted slightly probably there we go
everything's fine everything's fine
stream ruined no I fixed it I did it I
did it first all right that doesn't even
hey by the way that doesn't even count
as a technical glitch because we if the
issue is fixed within I'll say one
minute of any technical glitch that does
not count for you bingo players that's
just reasonable that's reasonable if we
fix the glitch within one minute of
discovering the glitch it is not a
technical issue boom
hi hi welcome everybody welcome to this
dream look at this old Wolfenstein do
you need to aim at them think that you
Nazi dogs it's very gray what's very
great Wolfenstein No
look at all these bright colors it's
great great there's somebody being
sarcastic
let's go cage says I beg you anything
but Friday the 13th the game it's so
boring and horrible you're so wrong you
are so wrong great streams with that
game I mean you're just wrong we've had
a great time playing it I found it like
one of the read one of the many reasons
for the delay of the episode was because
I have to jump in game to like grab a
clip or something specific because it's
so fucking good so we're going classic
it's a little weird a little different
this time but man I love I am in love
with credit 15 I'm in a renaissance
right now I just want to play it I'm
really glad you had an idea to play this
tonight or else I would have
I was close to that myself yeah
oh I know beefcake I'm not even gonna
bring that up now I'm freakin curious
yeah we'll talk about it
what year was this game released that's
a great question 1991
I believe that saying a lot of 91 92 for
its time this was mind-blowing this 3d
game yeah where the camera was like your
eyes yeah this was such an amazing
concept this was the first right yeah
yeah well yeah I know like there's
there's some proto woman some like
adventure games or something really like
it was kind of first-person go yeah yeah
this is the first first-person shooting
it before they were called in they're
still working for a company called soft
discs oh yeah it made something called
something catacombs 3d oh yeah yeah I
had those I had those box when I was a
kid I found them at like up a garage
sale or some fucking place and I thought
ah these are some cheap Wolfenstein
knock-offs
hit him in the fucking box if I kept
those this is probably worth something
that would be I have no idea where the
fuck they are oh they're gone but I I
owned the catacomb 3d games in the
fucking box they came in I love so
someone looks at up on Wikipedia May 2nd
1992 May 5th at 1992 yes
[Music]
hunchback jack is saying I played the
previous Wolfenstein games and they were
Isaac like top-down rogue like that's
amazing that's great so uh but in any
case Friday the 13th the episode is done
it is fully uploaded to YouTube one time
we're done with the stream I need to
make the thumbnail yeah I have yet to
make the thumbnail but the a/v Friday
the 13th the episode is up 45 minutes
45 45 fuckin minutes long for us it's a
long one but I think it's oh look at
that look at how purple that is so you
have 45 minutes of us talking about
Friday 113 lots talk about
[Music]
[Laughter]
will you guys ever played player
unknowns battleground and then you know
what the fuck it is to be honest with
you I know the name but that's it I have
not looked into it that much I know
that's a it's a very popular game is all
I can tell you I've heard the name but I
don't know maybe but I don't know Friday
the 13th is twitch streamer date the
game well sure here's your twitch
streamers one work twitch streamers - oh
darn a game that invites itself to fun
and interesting situations oh you got me
yeah or that fun thing that happened on
such twitch bait Oh unique and exciting
things happen in this game doll get out
get out of town
yeah right out of town the full color
ceiling makes it look like there is no
ceiling yeah that's we hope you can't
stab some dogs
[Laughter]
unique and exciting captain mythic are
you telling me rich driving a stake
backwards circle around Jason was not
unique and exciting was there one Friday
the 13th stream where we did not have a
good clippable moment right this is what
I'm saying is one thing remember all
dogs go to heaven not nazi dogs they
don't go to heaven it chose to serve
Hitler yep they can all fucking die and
dog jesus knows it too he's got a list
not all dogs go to heaven a special
place in hell reserved for Hitler's dog
yep
[Music]
they kill the dog when he killed himself
wasn't I hope part of the whole Ava
Brown herself and their dog Oh their dog
was in the bunker I think so always I
don't know yeah but really like this dog
is just a dog
Nazi dog I don't care
yeah he right no I mean fucking Nazi dog
here's the thing you know me I barely
have any sympathy towards any animal
like I'm not gonna have extra sympathy
towards not see how difficult this game
could be what it wants and I've been
playing it but I've been playing like a
source port and like the doom engine not
Oh
lassic this is still a source for but as
a source port built for Wolfenstein
uh-huh so it's staying faithful yeah
[Music]
original experience yeah yeah no
sympathy for brisket none no no listen I
I enjoy biscuit biscuit is a fine cat
also a useless cat though by the way we
had a mouse in our house and you know
occasionally we get mice but like they
always come in the same way and so like
he would have got him if you didn't step
in no there was a mouse upstairs in the
same spot twice it was under a house a
different one there's a different one it
was under a hamper I lift up the hamper
and there's just a mouse there biscuit
is six inches away from the mouse just
looks at it the mouse of the mouse goes
into a into an air vent
two days later I go back upstairs and
biscuit is freaking out again he looked
up the hamper the mouse is there again
and biscuit does nothing useless gosh
darn
okay I mean you know I'm not he's not a
word biscuit is not a work cat you know
he's a he's a lovely cat because he is
soft and he is sociable when people come
over my cat does not flee it just rolls
over and lets everyone like had its
ballot yourself it's good in that it's
good and biscuits good in that I will
probably have no sympathy so we playing
for percentages here just to get through
the game right just to get through the
game I mean how long will take Oh Shep
assad's there's a lot of this game okay
then get as far as you can mine leavin
yep starting jack we're starting why are
you restarting
wait what's what's going on nothing
nothing I'm gonna I'm not going for
getting all the suit I'm just killing
everything yeah yeah kill all the things
getting through quickly that's the new
plan okay cool are we doing homecoming
discussions tonight we don't know both
rigid own element I'll tell you this
much I kind of like it a lot I like it I
love it I love it
we'll generally talk spoiler-free
tonight maybe tomorrow at the end of the
streamlet will make a cut-off and do all
this boiling talk I really enjoyed it I
doubt I thought it was it was the most
faithful adaptation of Peter party yes
that I have seen on screen no a no
disrespect to sam raimi I will defend
the Sam Raimi spider-man but this this
is more Peter Parker then we have ever
gotten before seen people online like
who was the boater spider-man a lot
people will Toby was the best Peter
Parker but Andrew Garfield was the best
spider-man no they're the same character
Peter Parker ends but Peter Parker is
spider-man yes
spider-man is Peter Parker with a mask
over his face yes if you're if you're
doing the character right to the same
character oh sure well and that's why I
like I will I will forever defend the
Sam Raimi's spider-man because like
that's where he was going with the
character and I think Toby played that
character very well some people don't
like yeah the character but I think he
played it really well and that was the
direction it went this new kid tom
hollander nails it across the board
every every little part of it
I haven't seen sweaty yet and scrambling
for reasons to watch it it's very good I
good I'm okay Tyler this cuz this is all
spoiler free here yeah I I was not
excited at all going in that's true you
said that I haven't been to a comic
store and over like a decade that's
point I haven't bought a comic book and
like over ten years yeah yeah I did not
really care either and every booting it
again at time time I'll he looks looks
fine he'll be he'll be great I move
you'll be able to fine yeah I loved
every second of the movie I was filled
with joy and Wonder mm yeah and it
wasn't joy and Wonder at the amazing
action scenes it was joy and Wonder in
the character being enjoyable
yeah and fun just and you know in fact
so the action seems like there was
nothing necessarily spectacular action
wise no we both did the movie is very
with up with the plot with the action
very deliberately down-to-earth yes
amazingly diary low-key but you get so
caught up in Peter Parker's teenage
drama and that's fuckin spider-man
because they did it they did it right
it's not about the save the world
what's a village blah it's about Peter
Parker's life being disrupted because he
keeps trying to be the superhero exactly
Oh exactly
and nailed it and then nailed it
so I mean yeah that's we like I said we
won't go too deep into it just because
we don't want to accidentally get into
spoiler territory but actually rich and
I unknowingly saw it together by
accident
quite by accident what was it experience
like huh everyone wants to know what
it's like to hear rich Evans laugh in a
theatre oh ok so yeah like for any new
movie if I take my kids to it yeah I try
to go to the earliest weekday screening
I can and that way like you know like
I'm not that way I'm not ruining
anyone's nights cuz like my kids are
very good in theater yeah but just in
case like I don't want to go till I I
don't want to ruin someone's date night
so you know so we went to a early Friday
morning screening spider-man and all of
a sudden and like I thought I heard it
earlier but you know like some people
just have higher pitch left and then and
then it was at it was right at the it
was at the end there was it there was a
bigger laugh and I definitely heard and
I was like Rich's in here somewhere
but it was like a ten am moving I'm like
rich doesn't get up this early why would
I be going to a really screening of the
film yeah well then I figured yeah yeah
it all it all started clicking together
and then I saw the free ray I know you
and then and then Mike ran away as fast
as he could because I shouted in the
right
recognized I know I know and so that it
was understandable Lisa was very good
I did I stood up and I said rich Evans
there's rich Evans I know you so know
yeah it took it took the kids and the
wife to see the movie and everyone had a
great time you know I go there was lots
of cussing there's plenty of custom in
the movie and at least one reference to
pornography with a pool which made my
children very goo Goo's your father
spider-man yeah well but but everything
made sense
Ned his friend character who we've seen
in the trailers great Michelle Michelle
Michelle that we won't get into anything
Michelle was all like always funny I
loved her and everything like yep I
loved her bit I liked it a lot
everything's good Michael Keaton's
Michael Keaton I mean he's gonna be good
he's Mike repeat everything's good
[Music]
we'll probably do spoiler discussion on
Wednesday cinnamon we won't we won't get
too into it just that we both really
liked it I like I'm I'm clamoring to see
it again
this is one of the few times I want to
see a movie a second time yeah in the
theater yeah yeah yeah and I didn't
think I would give a shit that's you
that you went in super negative I went
in super hyped and I wasn't super blah
and we're doing this again
you know my attitude was we're doing
this again it seems to me that's going
in negative one well then I get me
that's the moral story you went in blah
and were and were and and were converted
I went in hype and my hype was met so
die fucking Nazi kill all the fucking
Nazis my turds are green says I would
like to pretend that the vulture is the
same character as Michael Keaton from
Birdman
did you receive burger
I haven't seen it it's alright it's not
bad
thank you that that would be very funny
[Music]
I don't want to get too into it but
everything was good
why didn't you go see baby driver
instead I couldn't take my children to
go see baby driver
I was upset when I found out Mike and J
would to see baby driver without me they
don't really know I would be interested
no I know it's like really you doing the
spider-man and and you're not gonna ask
me to be a part of the but you're gonna
ask me to be part of half the episode I
would have liked to have seen the movie
you're the comic-book person even though
you haven't read a comic book in the
decade I'm sure baby Dre I mean I have
enjoyed it all of Edgar Wright's movies
I have no doubt that I will enjoy baby I
don't know if I'll go up I'll get a
chance before it comes to video
[Music]
crane hand crisis as someone from ATL
baby driver was a TLS clunker Atlanta
ATL my favorite Simon Pegg
Edgar Wright film probably Hot Fuss yeah
definitely hot folks I actually you know
what I'm gonna take back I've enjoyed
all about your iTunes cuz I actually did
not much care for the world no I didn't
either that was in the yeah yeah that's
that's how I'm feeling about the world
zone you know it's been on my list to
rewatch forever is Scott Pilgrim vs. the
world never seen I remember really
enjoying it when it came out and I've
just never gotten around to rewatching
it like I want to I want to know if it
holds up now that I'm a little bit older
[Music]
a lot of people are agreeing that
World's End
[Music]
like I remember like my first watch I'm
Scott Pilgrim vs. the world I was it was
just so exciting the visual style of it
is clean and different it's so well
thought out and I wonder if once you're
removed from the video the spectacle of
the style for the first time if the
movies right now but the first time 3d
is deliberate I you as hell fast and is
a concern I'm using that fucking chain
gun you know
[Music]
all right what are we go sorry I've been
missing a lot of your tips crane heads
me to Christ says I recently learned
that in software is located down the
street from my house so I drove over
there to check it out I was most excited
to see a nondescript office building as
anyone could be is that like the current
officers head they have moved in recent
years I'm amazed it's not really the
same it anymore sure first of all your
knife is adorable
[Music]
they're in Dallas yeah
you can see that that noclip interview
with with John I don't know why I
haven't washed it yet he lives in like
Ireland and it started like a little
party he started like a little like game
space studio over in Ireland and like a
lot of the interview is just him going
through his house and looking through
all of his old collectibles it's really
it's really great mind even you'd I did
I still haven't seen mostly because I
don't care about they they just no clip
no clips the most recent documentary is
a three parter on the most recent Final
Fantasy game and apparently it's a now
and it's very good ideas don't care
about final fantasy but I want to i've
also I have cared about this for the
battles all of the games they have made
documentaries on the first I just wonder
if they could suck me in like just
always an interesting documentary about
a game I don't care you know
[Music]
maybe oh not the most recent one the MMO
one final fantasy xiv
[Music]
the dock is on 14 the MMO that failed
and then relaunched okay thanks Janice
hey Wow get my butt kicked getting the
bug kick yeah I see that
Chuck Fox says hello Jack and rich my
favorite part of spider-man homecoming
was when redacted goes to redacted width
and gets his redacted redacted
afterwards redacted fucking redacted Wow
yeah yeah we agree checkbox to max in
120s is a rich in Jack please discuss
the Dom DeLuise story Mike and Rich came
up with in best of the worst a year ago
because it is fantastic also consider
there's nothing to discuss that's all
just off the cuff improv yeah and there
were other people there to helping add
to the Dom DeLuise story kinda like a
fucking chop to the world
ya know there's no bike it's not like we
were discussing Dom DeLuise outside
there's not like it's not like before we
go I got this great idea for his dumb
Toulouse bit okay okay like yeah we
write it down like okay yeah oh yeah
like maybe someone sticks his dick in a
fat fold and it gets pretty I like it I
like going there
spider-man spoiler discussion is
Wednesday we'll do that Wednesday give
people a couple more days to see it I
can only assume literally any second now
Jays gonna hit public on a half in the
bag you guys let us know when that
happens yep I'm kind of curious
let's see also consider one of one or
all of these Sam Raimi spider-man movies
formulating view now I don't like them
that much well you know what that would
have been an interesting one for you and
I to do before this came out but now I
don't I don't have enough to say about
it
oh just cuz he didn't like it yeah all
right not even enough to spark totally I
don't like it that much and I like Toby
that much there you go you like it
that's fun you just don't care yeah just
don't care that much that's okay
homecoming it actually feels like I'm
watching a spider-man story yeah yeah
and like before that Spiderman tubes at
the bar for me because like a lot of
spider-man 2 is just him dealing a
personal shit but you know Sam Raimi
handled it
[Music]
err well to be fair the best part of any
Sam Raimi movie that's just that's just
silence
[Music]
you know the damage one episode of the
TV series can do I haven't thought about
ash vs. Evil Dead II like season 3 I
have not thought about it at all what
dude season 3 it's just not it's gone
it's gone I haven't thought about it
until you just mentioned it right there
one one bad episode to be fair it was a
really bad episode and it was a really
bad episode and it was the the the taste
left in our mouth right like that's how
they finished with it doesn't matter how
good the entire cake is if afterwards
all you taste is shit it's the journey
is the journey it's the journey no the
journey is so important it's the journey
what about the journey how about the
journey
huh journey all that matters is the
journey
how about the journey not know I not if
you're going to a shitty destination I
guess the journey but really it's really
about the journey well kind of can it be
about both
[Music]
I like that don't stop me then I don't
know any other words I just don't know
that much about journey
[Music]
[Music]
he is a great band and maybe I don't
anonymous says hey it records if you're
playing Wolfenstein the new order also
check out the prequel game they released
called
the old habit we play it right we didn't
play that one but I have it steal
support
oh it's very light on story no cinematic
cutscenes more action focus that there
we go yeah I've completely given up on
the new order just because I can't stand
this
okay come on man 586 is hi rich and Jack
big fan of all things are LM just wanted
to thank you guys for introducing me to
several great game next time and FTL our
hours of entertainment
I'd never discover without you you're
welcome these are some great ones
fucking FTL man ft mother fucking hell I
haven't heard anything about their new
game well they just got announced like a
couple months ago you know they like
usually like it's good to spoon-feed
apparently a month ago was it a month
even though they relieved they released
the the trailer before we're talking
about the new mexico no the the new game
from the FTL oh no I remember what
you're talking about just I thought
you're talking about XCOM know that
they've been doling out information I
just haven't heard anything about this
movie
mara mara says so Wednesday is
spider-man spoilers and the end is nigh
yes that is probably what's going to
happen for those are doing the end is
nigh is the new game friend of the show
Edmund McMillen rich voices probably be
playing better no god no there's no way
they're like it would be hard for us to
review it even if you weren't doing the
episode just because we have like spend
time chatting
this is sad noises don't ya show you the
map
[Music]
[Music]
into the breach was the game from the
FTL God revealed back in Finland yeah
and I haven't heard what from it since
it we're going to search Google okay
Wolfenstein 3d maps for the game facts
okay we could we could if you want we
could probably put this on the screen to
show other people if you want it might
not be that interesting but you talking
about secret within a secret ah stupid
laptop
I I remember this labyrinth when I was a
kid another on game FAQ to use a game
FAQ page give me give me give me give me
give me give me give me give me give me
super rude give me give me give me one
of the other reasons why the Friday the
13th review is so late is because I've
picked up some some extra work and I've
quite possibly overbooked myself some of
that extra work is I'm cutting together
a gameplay trailer for the end is nigh
which will come out on release day and
it's taking a little bit longer than
expected who cuts together the trailer
even though it's a fairly simple trailer
button so took took me took me a while
to find the right directions and episode
2 I think it's nice
Oh God I've got a friend this quick I
mean you made a big deal out of
gimmi gimmi gimmi laptop project Hornet
is still moving forward project Hornet
is now in the hands of Oh bother
how well can you see you see those
little green tiles yeah those little
green tiles are all secret doors shut up
so you go like that's great
uh-huh that's a but that's exactly what
you do when you make a game like there's
just a fuck with people well I think at
the end there's like called this number
you feelin card Callard though something
something I'd boom yeah that's great
that's great I know it's the same you
don't get an in-game map in classic
Wolfenstein that you can look at to see
what you've explored if I remember right
I could be remembering that wrong but I
think you just you're fumbling around
there in the dark Jack Lloyd beads yes
the Prix represents for Friday the 13th
actually I'll probably post it live when
I get home I still need to make the
thumbnail for for YouTube but it is I
just uploaded it today it is done
uploading and I all I need to do is make
the thumbnail and you know put the
description and whatnot so depending on
when I know there's an upcoming half in
the bag episode if that goes live
tonight I won't be shocked huh I won't
be shocked I I'm surprised it's not up
already I yeah so if that goes live
tonight I'll wait until tomorrow to pose
Friday the 13th episode and if it
doesn't I'll post it tonight as soon as
I can't you do that now I could I can
actually like that's what I was thinking
about stuff to do I was like oh you know
what I'll bring my laptop in and we
could do some Photoshop tutorial make
the thumbnails but honestly just doesn't
take them
give me like five minutes right so I
just wouldn't that wouldn't kill enough
time so excited for doom fist in
overwatch yeah he looks like an
interesting character
he's another he's another melee and like
a vine notch with his ham up so you know
and he does have a gun but you know like
there de-emphasizing his little shotgun
first and he just has a big big-ass fist
and you know he can he can like do an
uppercut which is like a big jump for
him and then he can run through a falcon
punch so he can get to places he's a big
guy and he looks interesting I I II just
entered the player test region which is
kind of like their their open beta
before they test new levels and new
characters I don't I don't play PTR
because I like to wait until so they say
it's done before playing it
fucking Nazi fucking Nazi fucking Nazis
fuckin Nazis I I heard that hates game
that Terry Crews wanted wanted to do the
voice to that to doom fists and he isn't
he is a large muscular black man doom
fist so Terry Clark to wait I saved I
saved earlier yeah you over wrote the
last one I saved on floor fool I'm back
on to this is son of a bitch oh so
they're saying actually you didn't you
didn't say I would do the thing I
brought it up obviously I didn't know it
would be there but must have failed they
had a button or something maybe that
makes me unhappy I'm sorry
long time for Friday the 13th listen
it's taking quite literally 100% of my
willpower to not play Friday 13 and
depending on how awake I am when I get
home I will probably play it
what does the chat wanna say no I I have
seen more people in chat happy that
we're not take a poll take a pull of it
then the numbers will play out the
numbers will play out if that's the case
what if they don't want to see Friday
the 13th
you guys are spamming f13 and go to just
play play this how long we haven't we're
just for a bit I'm not gonna I'm not
gonna give up on this no I'm just saying
I want at least an hour of wolf ins yeah
because that's a nice I like Wolfenstein
yeah at least an hour well because you
know because it was a late stream I
didn't want to like bring my computer
and take all that extra time for us to
do on our killing I can't bring myself
to play on
can i play daddy difficulty oh yeah I
can't bring myself to do that no I have
I have enough pride just enough just
enough not a shocking amount right you
know I had a great experience I had
that's every time that game gets played
pretty amazing happens I had I'd spawned
really close to Jason's Shack and I was
I was the nerdy fucking I bet I bet he's
out like rats right now so I quit hopped
in there grab the sweater and hid behind
a rock and then Jason shows up and he
looks around and he can't find it
because his uh his sense hadn't hadn't
spawned yet yeah so the new leaves and I
got the sweater I noticed people were
pumping pretty hard I was like so I
started talking with people I find a
little group I find a little group he
was like hey guys I see you guys are
hitting Jason pretty hard you wanna go
for a Jason kill I got the sweater
already and they're like alright how do
we do a Jason feel like they had never
he got hurt so I lay it out for them and
you know like I think at this point like
Jason was chasing a car far away so like
he was he was no anything like okay
here's we gotta do we have to beat on
him enough to knock his mask off as soon
as his mask is off I need to press a
button to stun him with my sweater after
I do that
someone needs to hit him with a baseball
bat to not compose means after that
Tommy Jarvis needs to hit it with a
machete and the people in check oh no
really how do you kill Jason and I'm
like I swear to you this is how you do
it
it's purposefully convoluted and very
difficult and it was like this sounds it
sounds like you're you're you're playing
a joke on us now let's do it and we
failed of course because it's a really
difficult but
Jack you are a liar you have only played
10 hours of Friday the 13th since last
stream I know and that 10 hours should
have been kissed two kids how much time
do you think somebody went to kids has
to play video games
done no like and that 10 hours should
have been spent editing the episode it
should have been spent working on the
end is nigh trailer it should have been
spent working on the two other projects
I'm currently doing because you know I
haven't you know yeah I have kids I have
another job like I should have spent
that 10 hours doing anything else but I
spend to do playing Friday 13th because
I think it's that guys three kids no
well no I have to
well if you count biscuit but biscuit
doesn't take a lot of work but but it
got a cut it gets extra dicing sometimes
when I need us to stick a clip in it's
like I'll just go back into the game and
you know try to get someone to kill me
in this specific way because I really
want I really want you know a spear a
spear through the head clip oh well okay
I got it this time but maybe I could
just stick around it seems like a good
group oh yeah don't forget to save oh
right right did that not overwrite save
save at this position yes dated by Oh
that looks like where we are all right
all right we're we are saved presumably
[Music]
are doing a straw poll
[Music]
it seems like people are ok yeah
with Friday the 13th yeah no I mean I'm
okay with it too because it makes for
good Street it always does
[Music]
yes Gavin on Wednesday stream usually
what we'll do for like spoiler if
extremes is like let's say we start to
stream at 6 o'clock yeah well then we'll
say ok after 8 o'clock it'll be all
spoiler yeah for spider-man like we'll
still give a couple hours or as much
time as we can to non spoiler talk and
then yes we will make sure we say hey
super spoilers and all that but we'll
we'll give it time so don't worry still
come to the stream talk just as vaguely
as possible no spoilers loved it loved
it
me as what I loved it I I'm actually
like I I would be willing to pay a
babysitter to go see it again in the
theaters like see you know my kids are
good in movie theatres but still in the
back of my head like they're there right
like I can't 100% Folies if you're a fan
of the comic books this is the first
time we have really seen a Spider Man
here absolutely especially the the
ultimate series this look this was very
yeah this was very Bendis Bagley early
ultimate spider-man which I really
enjoyed I have one noteworthy thing to
say about it but it fears into spoiler
territory I think I know what you're
talking about I think we talked about a
little bit after the movie and it's it's
it's more so something that's different
more so than something that's terrible
or bad or doesn't work it just well they
took this is a different direction
oh yeah no and I think that that that
will lead to a really good conversation
and someone was someone was asking like
what's particularly noteworthy or
different about the film that we're so
worried about spoilers and it's it's you
haven't seen a film you don't want to
hear anything right right the sometimes
sometimes in fact often the less you
know about a movie
the better that movie-going experience
that's why we're trying to be as vague
as possible like you know it's just
fucking polite it's one it's just polite
you know
[Music]
blah Bendis that douche gave us Williams
I don't know who listened been deceased
it got old after a while
Bendis I I want to say currently Bendis
is writing 87 comic books that man
writes so much that not everything is
going to be gold the first the first
year and a half to two years of ultimate
spider-man yeah fantastic and then he
just he became Brian Bendis sees
everything it's the most dramatic thing
that's ever happened to every every
fucking story arc was a more fucking
melodrama than you could shake a stick
at and ultimate spider-man was no longer
fun to read it became it sure became
miserable well be like the whole thing
is like we're ramping up everything and
we've ramped up everything so much and
fuck it we got I guess we got to do the
Clone Saga already because we're ramping
up when we fuck things up isn't just
about the lows spider-man's it's a
roller coaster it's the ups and the
downs of Peter Parker's life but yeah
after after your two ultimate spider-man
straight downhill all the time it's so
miserable and so dramatic everybody
Peter Parker ever knew or loved is now
dead and now so is Peter Parker they say
your Grandpa's melodrama his human
misery is unbearable
sure Peter Parker's parents are dead but
maybe they were evil scientists which
say she died and now she's a blood
monster
[Laughter]
let's not forgot about that that's true
yeah that turned ones dead when Stacey
into the blood pastor Gwen Stacy fucking
carnage yeah
Jesus crazy you know miserable it did it
did it did i I stuck through it through
the full Bendis bag I made the full
benders mega run I'm not saying I
enjoyed it I'm saying I stuck through it
I want to say it was a hundred and
twelve issues which is the longest
artists writer collaboration in comic
book history no I want to say that's
true I want to say I've read that
somewhere
Dave Dave sim and the guy who did the
backgrounds in Cerebus has to have that
beat Gerard they have to have that beat
it was the longest for Marvel maybe the
longest remark it beat it beats Stan Lee
and Jack Kirby's run on Fantastic Four
okay but I don't I don't think it beats
service and that whatever 200 issues it
was when he was working with his
background artists is that background
artists different than a minister yeah
if they the service they head to this
really weird thing where Dave's him I
guess just wasn't good at or didn't like
doing background so Dave some would
write it but he would draw the
characters and then this other guy would
come in and draw literally everything
else it was fucking beautiful okay
beautiful and highly detailed with his
with his cartoon characters in that
world okay rich is talking about the
comic books Cerebus and so I guess
technically that's still right a writer
artists collaboration I was talking
about the Brian Bendis Mark Bagley run
of ultimate spider-man which I had read
was the longest writer artist
collaboration but that could have just
been in Marvel history and what about
what about just somebody who's doing it
all of them sound like Savage Dragon
they're in like the one 50s now but it's
just one guy doing the art and the
writing right but that's not a
collaboration no it's not it's not this
is one guy doing the doing I understand
that's true I heard that Stanley's wife
Joan that story Oh
at 95 after 70 years of marriage
amazing amazing
that's usually the especially how this
works with older couples it's usually
the trend unfortunately sweet some way
these couple old couples can't go on
without each other no and you know like
it's it's been really fun reading like
some of those in the behind the scene
the story with her where you know
apparently Stan was already 2 to quit
writing comics marvel you know he was
done he didn't like what he was doing
and it was Joan that convinced him just
like you know what you you hate this
because you're not doing your ideas just
make whatever you feel like making and
that's when he created the fantastic
which kind of changed how Marvel did the
business and you know created the
legends made Marvel marvel right so so
you know she is she's directly
responsible for how we know comic books
today
[Music]
it's true phantasm horse started at all
not it at all
put their boring pits I think I do I
don't I don't much care for the
Fantastic Four and that's okay you don't
have to behind every great man that's
true at least in salmon's let's see
[Music]
Captain America into a Nazi oh right I
have I'd like I'm not reading that
particular universe you name is Jewish
so that's like Jack Kirby's oh that's
like a double kick to the nuts we're
turning your Nazi slaying badass into a
Nazi sorry not sorry
sorry jack you know what I'm sure it's
sold like ten more issues because of the
controversy so that's all we care about
oh yeah yeah a Nazi I thought he was
just part of Hydra notes that's what
Hydra is you can try and distance Hydra
from that all you want there's this nice
sorry I'm sorry
there is oh no their people are saying
no it's sold like shit well great
get your shit together
get your shit right together then they
turn that storyline part of some kind of
mega crossover event was that when the
universe exploded no I don't you know
what watch me like I read several Marvel
comic books right now and I have trouble
keeping track of who's in what universe
I'll be honest all I know is a while
back the world exploded and some people
were saved and some people weren't and
Marvel's 40 years 50 year old continuity
is now dead yeah there there DC fucking
it up
[Music]
but new Marvel is still shit yeah I
don't know which one is which you know I
tried to read cuz you know I still read
miss Marvel which I still really enjoy
her folks and I picked up a few books
here that and miss Marvel is in a new
group called the champions it's miss
Marvel Miles Morales spider-man Nova kid
no Asian Hulk and the vision star Asian
Hulk is weird he's you know a genius and
the fact that he can like he's still
smart when he's the Hulk and he can turn
back and forth I don't quite get his
shtick yet but I've only read him in the
champions and it would like to me it was
an interesting premise she left she left
to the Avengers because she was sick of
fighting the bad guys and then leaving
the mess yeah for the neighborhood she's
like fuck you guys I'm gonna start my
own team where you know we stick around
to clean up our mess that's like oh I
like this idea she's like we're gonna
worry you know we're not gonna be so
concerned with punching the guy as we
are changing the world and then you read
a couple issues and you realize that you
kind of like them when they punch the
guys I was like hey can you maybe punch
punch some of the guys maybe
it does with a Badman for me it's all
it's also like it if it feels truly
exploitative it's just poor I think it's
poor Lutheran is the problem so I have
not enjoyed right leftover beef kick
like you're gonna use diplomacy to
resolve our conflicts but then you
realize though it's a comic book and I
kind of want people to punch other
people in Bigley exciting ways that's
that's part of the fun to it you can
have both in any case so I'm slightly up
on the current Marvel Universe but then
you know what-what earth are you on yep
Gary
spider-gwen have you heard of this
spider girl she just did a whole thing
where she was jumping jumping through
different hurts and like it's perfectly
normal for her I don't get it Peter
Parker still a billionaire industrial
model now yes okay how's that working is
that fun is that good not really like
it's it's really hard to sympathize with
spider-man now that and that now that
instead of instead of like trying to
bounce fighting crime and paying your
rent he's trying to bounce fighting
crime and doing paperwork yeah you know
it kind of takes a little bit of the
away from what I've always enjoyed about
spider-man which is the fact that he's
the underdog now that he only have Miles
Morales now so Parker's redundant and by
the way I'm perfectly like that's why I
like last forever that's why I like Miss
marvel
I like the underdog and so not him like
having a bunch of resources and
technology and manpower at his disposal
takes away a little bit of his I'll be
honest with you
where's the key he's Tony yeah he's kind
of Tony Stark which is fair because Tony
Stark is now trapped inside of a
computer at the moment he's trapped
inside of a computer that's worn by a
small bracket well no he's just trapped
inside of like computer but he was in
her suit well he's you know part of the
computer network
that's so he's in the student it's
funnier to say that he's in a suit
that's what I just did
oh it sounds so absurd that it's funnier
so you know what and I thought you were
asking a legitimate question no no no no
I'm just trying to make it sound goofy
sorry I ruined that and everyone I'm
sorry Tony Stark is an ADD yeah like he
died he died but he's it really just
trapped inside of him
look it's not a good time to be a
classic Marvel character nope
now they're having a shit run at the
moment Marvel wants to get all those old
white guys out of it they're the wrong
skin color try to change it up a bit
Morrow Morrow say like hey maybe we can
I don't mind
adding the new I just don't think you
need a shit on the old but well you
don't need to shit on the older what
what needs to happen is there's no room
for the new if the oldest still erupted
in America is a Nazi they're not
shitting on the OL oh all right there
you got one case where the shitting em
huh
you need you need a room for the news is
the point and so then do you just end
the old you could have camp summer comes
looking then I have another new hero
good I'm color the eye I think this is
Marvel trying to have their cake and eat
it too and it's not quite working out
just have the old characters you know
retire or the god adventures with the
new characters to do that - you could do
that - this isn't rocket science
you know quite often before civil war
part 2 Captain Marvel former Miss Marvel
would often come out and hang out super
stuff right it can be done I am agreeing
with her team now we better shoot Bruce
Banner in the head that's what happened
in the Ultimate Universe is Peter Parker
just straight-up died yes yeah and then
and then Aunt May
made me glad I stopped reading yeah then
Aunt May gave his web-shooters to Miles
Morales but then it's okay because that
universe exploded but Miles Morales
jumped our job says old cranky men
whining about a market that's becoming
stale trying new things I'm in for I'm
in favor of the new things look I
haven't read a comic will continue I
don't really care that much right we're
just we're talking about it we're just
we're just having a discussion and it's
cool guys it's cool everybody be quick
Aunt May aka the Silver Streak er yes
[Music]
where's the geriatric cool where let's
have the Silver Streak er Baker make it
happen people hashtag Silver Streak er
the ants I'm at University like I say
exploded but I just I don't think it's
around anymore
don't think your use of explosions is
that oh yeah yeah well then there you go
they did the exact same thing crisis on
Infinite Earths to all of the Marvel
multiverse got destroyed one by one it's
the exact same storyline of crisis on
Infinite Earths shit except for it
didn't because all the other earths are
there are still alright in Marvel yeah I
don't know how Secret Wars ended that's
all it all sucks it all sucks except for
when it does
I'm really enjoying something that I
picked up for my kids because I thought
they would enjoy his moon girl and devil
dinosaur and I've been reading it and
it's adorable it's about a little girl
who's the genius that befriends a big
fucking dinosaur
she's like low-rent Tony Stark like she
has little inventions and shit yeah and
like she just say if she hangs out with
a with a dinosaur and they go on
adventures and it's like this is great
this is great so I've enjoying that
[Music]
yeah she's data from the Goonies like
how you had all those little like
confessions so she like she's a super
genius and she has a bunch of
contraptions and then she meets a
dinosaur who we like traveling from the
past and a group of cavemen who came
traveling from the past with the
dinosaur started a caveman gang in the
in New York in the head stop right
exactly it was great no totally I saved
him floor six
or five
[Music]
Wolverine he might be dead I don't know
there's a website called is Wolverine
still dead question mark and the website
it just exists to keep track of whether
or not Wolverine is still dead if you go
there the website currently says yes
Wolverine is still dead but is he yes
yes like I said it's not a good time to
be the old gang and in Marvel his
Wolverine dead calm first of all he's
not the moral center of the Marvel
Universe I think this is hyperbole going
on there deliberately he's been dead for
143 weeks
[Music]
once they come up a while ago today yeah
shit that's how out of touch time
[Music]
I love it I love it that that's a
website
[Music]
this game has dogs yeah it has Nazi
fucking dog the same guy who made the
website did DC do something stupid today
and it doesn't you say yes
I think it says it's currently been 61
days since DC has done something stupid
[Music]
[Music]
today has DC done something stupid today
dot-com let's see here
DC is at an all-time record of a hundred
and twenty seven days without doing
something stupid
127 that's what that's at today let's
see what did they do stupid writer made
a bad tweet
when there's some kind of sexual
harassment scandal going on with these
things Jesus that might be what the
tweet is related to that could be yeah
apparently a writer and made a dumb
tweet and that was the last thing DC did
something sue that's not so bad
good on you jack is still an Internet
novice though there's just so much
internet people so much of it Oh Jack
that is the record oh I go so the 127
days was the record there at 61 days
currently now what do they do so what do
they do stupid so the last let's see
here the last thing they did with that
was something stupid was Nightwing the
new order
the titular character Nightwing will
command an army tasked with hunting down
the last of the remaining superheroes
there you go
stupid found a Marvel version of doing
something stupid yeah
[Music]
Jack according to that site Batman and
Batgirl have a sex scene in The Killing
Joke yes that that was that was
something incredibly stupid that DC did
yeah Barbara Gordon Bruce Wayne totally
get it on in The Killing Joke animated
movie he's really hard to sympathize
with Batman yeah like like it's like a
teacher fucking one of the students
that's not cool man
not cool at all
yes this is true this is a true thing
that happened in me and the animated The
Killing Joke movie and then they tried
to explain it away in the worst fashion
possible now I'm giving her giving her
more Karen Mark Hamill did do the Joker
voice unrelated to the creepy
Batgirl sex in right I mean I'm sure he
read the script beforehand so true he
just wanted to do the killer choking his
vocal cords aren't gonna last forever
maybe someone can take those words and
animate it better yep that's the hope
that's the hope look you have the raw
material now yeah that's the important
thing
hang on to those recordings and give it
to it you know the team of animators
that aren't on a budget of $12 they'll
be good to go
[Music]
everyone yell at me to save every level
yell at me save let's see what we got
here we have a crane hand Christ says
what did you guys think of Sam rain was
dragging to help haven't seen him
haven't thought it was nice that he
could do something of the cool that he
could come off the claustrophobic
spider-man 3 and make another great film
I think at this I mean Sam Raimi could
make a good horror film into sleep at
this yeah I didn't see it I'm a fan of
his and just never got around to it
unfortunately anonymous says hey little
rich I'm a big fan of them as big a fan
of stealth as you are my favorite series
happens to be Splinter Cell and I've
never seen you mention it have you
played it and always seemed like the
linear thief
the lizard isn't Splinter so very it's
very linear yeah yes I played him
they're fine like here's the hallway and
this is the call of the alcove you have
to hide in so the Indians it's all it's
all very planned out how you get through
and it's not more open-ended that's what
I remember from swingers yeah and and
the guards are very
see your frog water says hey Jack thank
you for the inadvertent recommendation
of a Love Supreme
that you mean the jazz up checkout inner
spellers interstellar space sometimes a
palpable by comparison
also you'll have to speak up I'm wearing
a towel lol fuck my god oh god this is
hard Jack I'm sorry that you're no good
at the game I know
yep the culture oh good Coltrane well
yeah I got I got a little too
enthusiastic about jazz hours after
so the other jazz album that I got and I
dumped into a Love Supreme and I did not
care for it as much as the other jazz
out I'm dodging Oh
keep swimming aim is important I know in
this game it's really not Oh kind of
yeah yeah hey Jack what do you think
about sitting through another 17 comic
book movies over the next 20 years
Marvel boss calls there's good as
spider-man I don't care that much hi
guardians the galaxy - oh that can't be
good
here's here's the thing about me I enjoy
comic books and I enjoy action movies so
any excuse for more action movies I'm
going to be okay with and I like comic
books I'm okay with this trend and like
rich says if they're good fucking who
cares right I didn't care for
to make if they make good movies a new
food the fuck cares what they're about
let them do what they want I've heard a
lot of people talk about superhero
fatigue but I've only found myself
enjoying them in the last few years
didn't like the earlier MCU films thing
you know like there's they're still
pacing them out relatively you know
loose you know a couple years but I
think we're only gonna hit the real
fatigue once the indie Studios start
dumping theirs as well like you know
right now we got it we got a lot of
Marvel an occasional DC and soon we're
gonna start like with the Indies like I
heard I just heard rumor that like this
spawn movie got postponed again because
Todd McFarlane is a jackass and people
didn't realize that he was that big of a
jackass
of course and so like once you know once
we start getting once it starts turning
into in every week situation then we'll
have a problem but right now it's gonna
be fine
valiance oh I'd love I'd love an archer
and Armstrong movie that would be
wonderful that was great
an immortal a life you know a John
Goodman ask immortal demigod s being
cherub esque and and the unstoppable
assassin who has been trained from birth
to kill him
meet up and join forces as a crass a
great story that's that's that's a super
hero buddy cop that'd be great
that would be fucking great
or a harbinger TV series I don't think
Harbor jury you could do in a movie
because there's just there's that's a
lot of a slow burn but I enjoy Harbinger
it well
[Music]
[Music]
you've ever and you know Justice League
everybody please keep all enthusiasm in
check please
Wonder Woman's a good movie Joss Whedon
has been tasked in finishing the movie
but please remember it has already been
mostly shot by Zack Snyder all
enthusiasm needs to be kept and well in
check what
[Music]
now 40k I disagree with you is a good
movie enjoyed one wrong did something
dumb
yeah Justice League does not look good
and and any hope you know we get from
Wonder Woman being good or just wait and
take me out early in the final stretch
needs to be checked because how old are
those treasures I keep finding yeah they
do nothing they're just there to
increase your score okay it's you know
video games people care about a score of
course you're high what's your high
score and Wolfenstein okay like if you
get a high enough score do you get an
extra life no that's great that's so
great
toys disagreeing of the third part says
you get lives after surgery
can you start your pistol just keep
saving sure properly okay
you do what you do have you ever watched
a movie you loved in theatres but
started to hating it the more you
thought about it No
I'll tell you I can't I came out of
guardians to kind of come and find out
the example that all right kind of mad
and the more I thought about all of the
problems I had with it the more upset I
got thinking about simple clunky
dialogue the whole of the talent shows
it bothered me more and more I remember
coming what was the what was the movie
where they went to Mars and Don Cheadle
was there Tim Robbins was a ghost of
Mars mission to Mars I don't know I
think he's got a mission to Mars and you
know I saw that in the theater way back
in the day when I was going to the movie
theater like every other day and I
remember really enjoying it for some
reason mission to Mars thank you so I
remember it really enjoying that yeah
it's a good movie then when it came to
video like I rented it and it was like
hey everybody let's watch that mission
to Mars I saw that in the theaters
that's a good movie and then we saw
and so that wasn't of the more I thought
about it that was just a me forgetting
or maybe not paying attention in the
movie funny
thank you this new subscriber this new
subscriber says what's that movie where
they had a mission yeah I don't know
what it was like I just remember coming
out of it go now that mission of mom spy
movie to be fair at this point there's a
lot of those movies well I know you said
the title yeah but let's see what do you
got you got the Martian frozen to them
I'm marginally goes to Mars not up on
Mars movies ready planet they're saying
John Carter nice Total Recall how could
we yes
[Music]
Mars Needs Moms
yeah the expense account sure
[Music]
doom the movie nice nice do they get
that much right does that fucking movie
take place on Mars it's been a long time
since I've seen the do what we all tell
you outside I don't know where the
Hefner bag is I honestly assumed I am
shocked it's not up that it would be
that it would be out of the second we
click start screen
we had the wind you know skip ahead
ready ahead of time
oh yeah so it's not like it took us a
day or two to do the skit right
something must've been hard to edit
about this I don't know what do you
remember the discussions were they
particularly long you know it's like
sometimes like out that that's another
reason the Friday the 13th that it took
a little bit longer is we we went off on
a lot of tangents and so it was hard to
organize everything
it's just organizing stuff I knew you
were there you fucking knob see you know
you fucking asshole Nazi hiding behind
the corner like a dumbass Nazi
[Music]
although to be honest the thing that
usually takes me the longest or
previously reported episodes is just
finding the proper game and going
through oh I thought I remembered cheeto
moto you will get it you will get it
what they Canadian Canadian episodes
Canadian things with Canadians videos
starring Canadians it will happen
technically you got three of them well
we know how you feel about some of those
anonymous says I recently bought a body
pillow and decided to name it dick the
birthday boy heavens I also wanted you
to know I have a really handsome cat
named Monty he's a Siamese and very s
let's see here turn smuggler 40 forces
just free watched Dredd 2012
yeah yeah for the umpteenth time loved
that movie with all my heart was rich of
space got voice inspired by Karl Urban
strenght for Traill at all
keep up the good work no because I
hadn't seen dread yet
space Cobb was just inspired by Dirty
Harry more than just generic tough-guy
cop yeah yeah there ain't no music no
music down there punk it was really just
generic fictional cop right that was
just the gang
yeah you're monotone yeah yeah yeah no
actually you only recently saw driving
we've been gathering you to see Dredd
for a little something you probably
don't know what set the exact same
sprite for the doom barrels and they
just recycle it just recolor it I don't
know
oh god I can't imagine they would they
would get away with that why they made
they made both games oh did they I'll
see that's just me
now then then probably about I'll buy
that if it was the same company but
probably it man it much more better says
the doom barrels had bubbling all right
yeah they did but you can put goo on top
of a pre-existing sprite right I don't
know ah things work or stuff
[Music]
of the dread movies both of them but I
wish you had more judges team movie
thread is great though being the Keith
Urban Karl Urban whatever his name is
he's dreaded that that movie is
fantastic
you ever play the original you know I'd
see the boss stage okay soon as I'm
gonna get a hold back oh I know I use
the ash see what this is I'll be old man
oh this looks bossy after this after
this okay
get psyched safe oh yeah good idea
[Music]
Hans gross okay
Yankee Doodle aah
[Music]
let me that fucker it gets chain-gun
army of fuckers great
[Music]
oh god 13 suck it Nazi asshole nice nice
[Music]
all right look at you look at you that's
great that's great did we want to switch
games huh do we want to I'll leave that
completely up to you we've been
streaming for over an hour now yeah so
that I mean that's a great that's a fine
stopping point well switch it up
[Music]
hold on see here how hard it says hey
guys my wife just had twins on Thursday
twins holy moly
I'm huge fans of the show so I named
them Jacqueline and Richard just kidding
that'd be weird what's the weirdest
thing a fan is done no comment
[Music]
may mail us a letter recommending some
day I will talk about it someday can't
wait I can't wait for that there right
now it's actually too scary
legitimately scary I'm gonna somewhere
stick with started yeah okay that's
that's the first ones I could talk about
yes Stargate stargates here I'll be
honest all of my dealings with fans in
the real world and the outside have been
very positive this all ninety like 95%
yeah
98% whatever most of them I met I met
one I was I had a a couple weekends ago
and I met someone who was also shooting
we were at the the 88 nine they were
having an 89 sorry a DNN is a local
radio station and they were having an
outdoor block party and I was there with
with a rapper named juicebox shooting
his performance and I ran into a fan who
was also there shooting a different
performance and so it's like he you know
he was a video professional hey how's it
going
chatted a little bit like you show hey
thanks man yeah yeah very positive all
very positive that rappin it's juice box
with three X's if you want if you want
to look up what is it called thunderjam
number three it was a song that came out
like 15 years ago at this point yeah
he's a white rapper from Milwaukee named
juice box with three X's and I love him
I love worked with him a few times now
he's the greatest juice box an adult he
started rapping in Milwaukee when he was
15 16 years old they would actually have
to sneak him into bars so he could
perform and he was big in the in like
the basement scene in Milwaukee yeah and
his shtick back in the day was he had a
giant ridiculous boombox and he would
make all of his beats on cassette
tape and then just put us microphone up
to the boombox
yeah press play and rap over it was
amazing it was amazing only because a
lot of times he would fuck up the song
and have to like hit rewind and try to
find the spot where the song start was
create we're crazy kids you know it was
great and use the bathroom we're gonna
get the game set up okay
I'm gonna put us on hold for a bit okay
we'll be back
thank you