Episode 818
Old School Jason
August 8, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h13LSCKGfUQ
___________________________________________

no they're not mad they're fine
everything's fine I told you guys we
were coming back for five of
motherfucking thirteen this is what's
happening you're fucking out yeah fuck
yeah I have an itching I've been itching
get to those tips your socks off fuck
yeah nope nope nope games a little buggy
trying again nope that does it okay
there we go hey all right
okay game swamp buggy huh games a lot
but games a lot buggy oh yeah we gotta
get and we gotta get in the hurts up
here this is is this you yeah this is my
person yeah I don't have some okay let's
see what you got here
I like this generate less noise less
printing I did get the epic my dad's a
cop look at that one oh yeah if you're
the one to call the cop look look at it
29 think is there like three odd minutes
oh that's great whoo
that's a great perk silent D is silent
dis if I got some distance hey Jack hey
rich hi the original Tron is 35 years
old today
I suppose it was as far as it was in it
all hit at the right time I think to
make me loving should make an impression
but I'm the same pretty much yeah I have
a soft spot for truant I can admit it's
not a great movie and it's it's largely
saved by jeff bridges being jeff bridges
well but not just that like this
spectacle the look it's so different
it's a weird case of like a hollywood
spectacle film being
made for all the right reasons yes yes
yes passionate passionate people we know
this all this neat computer animated
stuff yeah
rather than we can cash it and do all
this and computer animated stuff wait so
that I got this two in the house ones
some one of those solar 15:1 sell the 15
yeah not the 19 yeah all the dice here
we're good all right let's see if I'm
lucky
maduk 5% boom boom attic Sal trying to
get trying to get come on the bone a
little pub potent Ranger no that's just
a Tommy one that's a week if you go for
a kill
yeah but you already have it you have a
better one yeah one more roll one more
roll - really
Wow I must begin an epic oh oh well
better than what you get well you sprint
this beat is decrease what do you think
it's 2% of nothing Prince Prince speeds
nothing it's all about stamina yeah
alright one more one more roll one more
roll who's the big winner who's a big
one - no whammy no whammy no whammy no
whammy ah oh like that one you moved the
sneaky as you move through a window
faster no one cares about you sneaky get
out of town we can't afford another one
all right that's fine all right so wait
where was that what perks that I give
the Tron seat wall I think the Tron
single trial legacies it's perfectly
adequate again perfectly adequate much
like the original Tron not a great movie
but it looks great the soundtrack is
great and it's alright but better than
the original I think oh definitely yeah
like like just like as a general movie
yeah yeah absolutely absolutely it's
perfectly fine less noise well sprinting
increased melee stunts I'm with you once
again another Tron film that is largely
safe by Jeff Bridges
right CS shamba or misc chambo however
you want that pronounce says thanks for
the hours of distraction you're welcome
very good
J frisk 2 says Jack did you read the
vision miniseries I finished it today it
was amazing
the one where he starts as a family
that's all they say they say the vision
miniseries I have no idea what that
refers to
there there was a there was a small a
vision run where he decides he wants his
own family
and unfortunately the end of it was
spoiled for me by the champions which I
read first and so if you know I've been
thinking about it oh my god it's
supposed to be very good supposed to be
very good also question for both of you
yeah
what is the typical day at our om like
start time lunch closing time schedules
etc etc oh nine to five paperwork all
day there's no there's no start time or
schedule because it depends upon what
what needs to be done right like a a
week where I need to build a pling keto
board is is very different from like a
week where I need to clean the studio
and we had an episode on Tuesday and I
really need the screens and tapes it
what is what's next what we need to do
next and I'm you know push the time yeah
the orange okay
now we're not like like when the when
the Canadians were in it was a number of
tenors so we're Tate's in a row you know
who haven't really liked him lately
part AIDS I have no kill set for him
I've noticed that I couldn't get his
kill set up in time sorry hopefully it
won't be you quickly says yeah the
reason they don't add new character in
marble it's because they don't want to
pay writers royalties for new IPs
oh sure so they recycle the old ones
yeah that's not a bad that's not a bad
thought that's that's why Tom Paris and
Voyager was Tom Paris and not that one
cadet who got jailed in the Starfleet
Academy Wesley episode played by the
same actor oh it was gonna be that
character we saw that once in TNG but
they didn't want want to pay the writer
of that one episode royalties for
Voyager yeah I love when this kid plan
they have a lot of fun the kids
oh man I'm right a time ago oh right by
the car I have one guy pissed me I'll
there was a kid playing and no he was a
kid but he wasn't unreasonable the kid
you know the helping people do stuff
okay and this one guy thought of
annoying so he shot him in the back
spectating i watched it
number of people were watching it it
he's a nice kid that did that got shot
and when the match was over I told them
if you don't fucking leave this Robbie I
guarantee you there's gonna be a posse
hunting your ass down any left oh good
what a dick you know we're all just here
to have fun man
we're all just here to have fun I called
Tommy now we got a state surgeon I
didn't lock the doors I didn't search
the house yet because I feel I wanted to
call Tommy just in case Jason cut the
power I wanted to get that done
right away I'm sure Jason is close
because the car is near but that nice
pocketknife nice killing it
horton hears you since hey Jack hi don't
know if anyone has asked this recently
yeah but what are your thoughts on
Childish Gambino's most recent album
also what are your thoughts at his music
as a whole keep killing Nazis rich
childish gambino is the actor donald
glover yeah you know it's so funny I was
just talking to my wife about Donegal it
was like Oh Donna Glover was in this he
plays he plays the character that's the
Prowler yeah who is special because the
Prowler is the uncle to Miles Morales
and so if they ever you're an old school
fan he's just special because she's the
problem exactly
well yeah well no while we were talking
about like where this movie where this
movie could go in the future like oh you
know Marvel gets the spider-man back
right and they're saying spoilers that's
more of an Easter Egg though oh that's
been all over the news that's been all
over it's it's it's borderline it's
borderline but it does that Donald
Glover was in that's nothing that will
ruin the movie
was the Prowler I old Spidey villain /
Ally yeah it's like a super criminal
thief who turned good look at these
people's their cell they're selling out
the the boat people right away yeah
they're doing what they can do to stay
alive its dick move but it doesn't
bother me it's full fully within what
the game was intended to be that kind of
selling each other out did I get out so
like I'm explaining to my wife who
Donald Glover is and I'm like I'm like
oh you know he's on he's on that show
Atlanta she's like hard I haven't seen I
was like did you see community like no
and I was like the Martian he's in the
Martian she's like I don't remember that
character from the Martian I was like
he's uh sketch comedy show mystery team
now I was like oh well he's in anyway
he's a lot people know he's he's in MO
oh you know he's also childish gambino
and she's like oh I know Childish
Gambino's fuck like how this camp you
know who is you know like indeed hip-hop
R&B; somehow do you know childish gambino
his new album is good I enjoy it it's
it's more soul than rap and I enjoy it a
lot I actually you know way back in the
day I was visiting my cousin in Los
Angeles and I had an opportunity to go
to like a super to run an underground
and childish gambino show that he was
working on for his life second album
yeah don't worry about it just somewhere
on the other side of that where's the
key railing right they came to the car
one shot you killed me Jeff Jeffrey if
you missed it
jack was sneaking up behind Jason to hit
him up with the baseball bat and one of
the counselors shot at Jason
but because Jack was standing right
behind Jason Jack got killed by the
shotgun blast son of a birch well at
least some time ago it was the kid as
well yeah but I don't think it was
intentional
no no they shot it they did shoot Jason
too yeah oh yeah yeah so in any case I
actually had had the opportunity to see
him live a friend of mine who was
working at a talent agency at the time I
was staying at his house in Los Angeles
back in the day he's like hey we're
gonna we're all gonna go to the show
Donald Glover you know he's trying out
this new rapper thing childish gambino
do you want to see and I said ah you
know I've been it's been a long day who
run towards Jason then your stamina is
falling and you know what I'm just
realizing there's no other people there
I thought I'd go and help people is the
car leaving why is he standing there
car's gone where the car is gone what is
Jason up to
we're shit on the back huh shoot him in
the back oh wow he's away :
he's gonna wait right here bye sucka
waist but oh so funny
I had a baseball bat where's my baseball
bat so deal for a bit they fuckin took
my baseball bat really
this shot means so much shit but in case
I had the opportunity to see his show I
decided I was tired and didn't care
because I hadn't heard of him at that
point and I slightly regret it but yeah
I guess not really cuz apparently his
early shows weren't that good buy his
new album is pretty good no it's pretty
good if you're into kind of indie hip
hop R&B; insist that it's pretty good the
cops aren't called the car and the boat
are gone we are so far and the boat yeah
they're both gone remember we saw the
boat move so we need the phone so Jason
only has one objective to guard and we
I'm pretty sure that
oh yeah I'm terribly sorry
Oh thinking though they think they're
doing the phone follow them you have you
have a good repair stat Tommy has like
the best first ad the best speed oh
great
they probably want you to fix the phone
the guy who killed you yes but it was an
accident an accident
he didn't purpose he wasn't being a dick
about it this was that in here
come on okay you want to ask them
questions or just get away here and
total hit teams up hey do you guys have
the fuse no I think we should go look
for that yeah let's go look for the fuse
you should check the shore somebody
probably left with a car might wash up
on the shore what that's what happens
dude I think we should go all of them I
think we should go come on yell there we
go they should go find the fuse box Adam
oh yeah that's what we're doing we're
gonna go find the fuse box see if we can
find that fuse check the houses but you
know the new challenge can be no record
recently came out but I don't care about
it as much as I care about chance the
rapper's coloring book mixtape which has
been the only thing playing in my house
for the past three days I know that's
like that's an old you know that's old
at this point
but I am assessed with it what a great
fucking I mean it's it's it's
essentially an album and it's great
Tommy don't need no man next house
alright Friday the 13 year old
yeah yeah hey my controllers fucked up
you guys can kill me if you want I can't
even do shit how do we kill it
I don't know attack me only go left oh
wait I can now see wait oh shit my
controllers working
this is a crossbow it would be great if
it was cross-platform more bodies
it's more on Sony and Microsoft than it
is on just about anything else sure the
doors are locked
not that it matters with this Jason oh
yeah wreck everything shit Jason he
found it it's probably in that last
house
oh it was right there
that's the generator that's not the
phone oh well it needs to be up for the
phone to work right I don't think so but
fixing this way this was probably in the
house followed oh yeah there it is stop
we got your back Jason's busy he's over
there oh she's in a trap oh nice he's
got the perk let me do it
oh yeah I'm just keep an eye on Jason oh
you go to that box huh you guard that
box so it doesn't smash it I think just
don't want to see me and come over here
get him back there
that's flashlights a dead giveaway now
it's not if Jason sees you he's using
sense anyway the flashlight is
irrelevant it's better to have it on to
keep your fear down yeah you don't want
your fear to be R it up build up then
you lose your map you lose your your
items especially if he kind of knows
where you are in the first place just
just by the way Jason plays it's it's a
good it's good call you have it on
like I want to hit him but I'm not sure
if he's just fucking with us
and denied come on see how I got done
now they owe their there where are they
going they're gonna wait by the one exit
for three minutes that's bad I did it's
not it's not for you to say it's not for
you to say Jason just teleport no I know
I'd be kid this game is fun this game is
always the game is fun this game is
super fun train Han Christ says Jack
have you ever read the max started as a
quirky 90s image comic and ended up as
an existential art comic Sam Keith wrote
and drew it it was brilliant no you know
I've never read the max rich have you
read the max it was trippy I didn't hate
it I liked the character that he had the
big teeth right yeah unclear if that was
teeth or mask waiting sure hiding in the
garage that literally has no door
a circle around the house
Jason so we're gonna do a dark dark dark
yeah what is that get back to base get
back to base no no radio I'm making
Jason circle maybe Jason want to go
check them because I was too much hassle
or maybe it's controller Brooke again
what three health potions sure when funk
Rockets is rich
have you seen Star Trek the motion
picture director's cut that came out
years back
Robert Wise re-edited the film and added
minors SFX that wasn't there before due
to time constraints it's great yeah I'm
pretty sure I have that version off the
top of my head I even remember what what
is different about that and the
theatrical like specifically I were to
show up I got a wrench not walk that's
good he's on you nothing you're being a
good Tommy
they're waiting for me I know they're
nice oh okay oh that's great we did Wow
Jason oh I think Jason was having
controller issues or Jason might be on
some sort of medication that was great
everybody everybody escaped team escaped
well well
by the way Jason didn't even kill me
someone else
what do you thought son run the jewels
three it's one of my favorites from I
mean listen run the jewels is amazing
three is good I personally prefer to run
the jewels two is way more hype I was
really excited you know off of the Black
Panther trailer feature to run the
jewels song in there is awesome
we're in the Jewess threes alright but I
felt like three is a little angrier and
a little darker two is just straight-up
hype and so my favorite I would go to
one three four run the jewels is how I
go
I've heard it says hey again hmm hearing
rich talk about high scores and kids
these days I think the high score has
been replaced by the speed run time
what's your thoughts about speed running
old games I'd say you're probably right
speed running times is the equivalent of
the old school high high score I I enjoy
watching some speed runs it depends sure
I've seen speed runs of like Yoshi's
Island which involves being extremely
good at the game and then I've seen
speedruns of Dark Souls which is all
about glitching out of the map and
running past 90% of the game right
that's somewhat less interesting to
watch like I get it
we found an exploit and this is how we
can be the speed room but it's like I
would much rather just see someone play
the game super fast yeah the game the
game you know not even sure how to do
that to be honest
every black movie show trailers using on
the jewels yeah that's probably true
listen I mean they're just fuckin
breakthrough a great group with some
sick-ass beats shit I saw somebody you
know you know what a tool-assisted to
speedrun is tool-assisted they use like
emulators and programs to like plan out
the button inputs so they're not
actually playing the game they program
how the game gets played they program up
the button inputs ahead of time hmm and
they can do things like you know with
much quicker reaction times than a human
ever could sure and it's guaranteed the
game's gonna play out the same way every
time you just of the way these things
work
there was a tool-assisted speedrun we're
using the same button inputs for every
game somebody beat well the computer
they programmed the computer so it would
be Mega Man X 1 X 2 and X 3 at the same
time with the same button inputs for
every game what I know it was insane
like that that's one where I would like
I just want a documentary about how it
was done like I don't even care about
watching the game run you know like just
show me how you did that programming
Jason doesn't have a sense yet so he
might not know him in the house
door still closed he's closed not good
found somewhere else to go nothing
useful in this house so that must mean
the phone box isn't here I haven't seen
a phone sometimes the phones in this
house how many Nazis did rich kill I
killed all of the Nazis while most of
the Nazis in the first mission act of
Wolfenstein 3d I was great somebody was
mad they didn't spawn us Jason so they
quit out and their corpses lying there
somebody died already
incompetent no that happens because
they're confident yes sy Sperling says
yeah two men enter one man leaves
Monty Python versus kids in the hall who
lives and who dies
miny Python lives kids in the hall
cousin the whole day gives an olive yeah
I like kids in the hall but and you know
if you know that's just one of those
like if you got to choose one and of
course we wouldn't have kids in the hall
without Monty Python because they've
they've noted that like months Python
we're a huge influence on that if we're
talking about theme song I give that to
kids in the whole well shadow amen from
a shadowy planet oh just a great surf
rock man absolutely I I would much
prefer kids in the home what does kids
in the home that's old sketch comedy
show
that's fine
yeah sometimes that works with the
shotgun just to like quick mm-hmm it's a
quick draw like that did not work out so
good nope not anymore
oh fuck you oh my god you did it
I must have been doing the grab perk are
you
look mom I can't hear
say something certain knock down the
door so I'm getting the fuck out of
Dodge
that's what I know I don't care what
they're talking about lying on that
property he's asking sing chart hub help
us charge uh-huh and you're saying I'll
have none of that
no sorry sucker me to be fair you're
playing as Bugsy Bugsy with a G yeah and
he can't fix the car worst shit he's
kind of he's kind of you know well I
ain't done the help from strangers
oh yeah see hello gasps you know you
have to you know you have to know I have
to I just had given up my weapon
have-have gas on route to car right now
we got this
tripping off of your ass bug I Jason
that the car
I've 'only I will not say that because
Golda cot certainly did things wrong
don't come on the trap where you got a
bunch of XP thank you
I tried to sprung
trapa sprung nope nobody has keys okay
okay all right people find the keys
let's go got on that time Nick there's a
weapon in here yeah you're the muscle
you're Bugsy I know listen you finding
the keys it's not your job your job is
keep Jason off everyone else's back
wells babies are the keys the cops are
called so yes
Oh
mid-swing twice
everyone else dead all right here do
they just totally look if they ran oh
well Jason's over there too fucking ran
away took my fucking bat and now I got a
2x4 like an asshole
I was mid-swing when he grabbed me yeah
to be fair you you did steal her gun no
one I gave her the gas and I used that
gun to distract Jason you're welcome
yes when it's a what it's a child
playing it it's most definitely wrong to
stare at her but
yeah yeah well yeah I mean this is the
third time in grassman that's fair
I was trying I was trying to be the hero
that's what I get for trying to be the
hero great great it's fine Jay you did
your job
I did you did your job oh I knocked him
out several times you were a good bug
seat mm-hmm I've really grown to like
playing as the muscle like now a lot of
times I'll play as the stealthy quick
fix here because I'm looking out for
nothing yeah oh yeah but blames me you
need to be at a group though yeah you
need to be in a group well you just got
to find some other people and hang
around I've had some fun escapes
I love run away run away little kid
she's filling up her stamina it's fine
okay
might even be the smart move for that
kid right now while she swings at him
the cops gonna go cuz you're not gonna
outrun the morph did he not notice her
he went straight for the cops oh oh and
you're at the wrong exit you're at the
wrong exit Tyrannosaurus Rex but you
have the sweater interesting interesting
I love it when you're the smart person
and you get the car together and like
the first minute sometimes it's nice you
walk into the first time should go and
do oh there's the gas grab the gas
sprint of the car Jason's not even there
yet
one house later you luck out there's the
battery sprint to the car
why did you raise my hopes for getting a
half in the bag today I well I want to
say the last two Sundays
Jane Mike have released videos yes I
fully expected it to be up and I I know
the three of y'all saw spider-man on
Friday because I happened to be at the
same showing so I assumed kid why are
you not now is the time to sprint to the
cops what are you doing yeah I get no
weapon I guess get still talking there's
no one to coordinate with thank it is
not talking he's a he's an let's player
he's a scamp
he's a let's player what are you doing
is Jason letting you go he might be to
adorn its if the kid is too adorable for
Jace sure sure so I mean and you know I
just knew also I know how long it takes
Jay or Mike to edit an episode and
usually just takes him a couple days so
I am very surprised that we have not had
an episode and then thirdly I was really
expecting Jay just to push our buttons
by pressing go live exactly when we
started the training yeah yep
so I was expecting Jay to be a bit of a
dick about it really really really
wait can you swim huh no they apparently
tried
how weird
how weird I should have killed you you
really should have did I give them a
stern talking I did half the vide they
edited the skit was done sure not a very
complicated one of the first but first
play but we filled that ahead of time
oh no but I just you know like I know
I've because I've seen movies with you
guys before and like I just know in
general how long it takes so like my
guess is if it's not out today it'll be
out tomorrow but the time of two movies
oh sure then there's two movies still
but when did they film the other one I
would assume this would be a rush job
but yeah absolutely just in case that
kids working with Jason we're gonna find
a new Lobby that's fine just in case oh
yeah
he's adorable but you know it's like so
much you take this you're not to be mean
but no we move on find greener pastures
yeah okay okay all right we're gonna
crane hand Christ says I've seen things
you people wouldn't believe weight
flares on fire off the shoulder of jason
a machete glimmer in the dark near pack
an AK all those moments will be lost in
time like tears from the rain one the
one good thing I play dread er it it was
improvised anonymous says as more men
become stay-at-home dads the Porsche of
praise to men has increased for doing
the same things women have been doing
thanklessly when was the last time you
thanked your partner thanklessly
Mother's Day has been a thing for ages
what did since when if people not love
their mothers I think I think what
they're referring to I don't think
anyone doesn't love their mother or
appreciate their significant other who
stays home and watches the kids and
cooks all the food which is by the way
me I think in general like they're
talking about a like a general like oh
you're just a stay-at-home mom something
like that which which I have actually
heard before in real life yeah someone
like look down at stay-at-home parents
who are just like oh I wouldn't I never
have oh no I never have either but I
have seen it firsthand
no and it's just listen as long as
you're contributing if what you
contribute to the household is is
watching the kids and keeping a clean
house Lenny boom good that's all that
matters is that you contribute if you
cook the meals and clean the house and
watch the kids that is your fucking job
and you do your job
you know don't don't don't confuse like
assholes with all of society but I have
I have seen it before oh hello Tommy
Jarvis Tommy Jarvis right there oh the
radio Mike that's a bit really find the
radio first time guys grace oh god
jasons real congratulations I'm not
getting interrupted by half in the bag
it's more surprised than relief but I
think it's great I think it's great like
whoever like whoever is willing to stay
at home and deal with that shit good for
them man sometimes it is it
hello fuse oh my gosh it repair Sam
are you guys fighting yeah yeah the
fight drew them their mid-swing again no
you know that doesn't work unless unless
there's a group protective I wasn't I
was mid-swing shouldn't I be able to fit
all fucking swing no fuck you need to
gang up on chase in the trial take him
on one-on-one son never I thought I
could get one hit in yet to make it
lucky if it's like a bad Jason but I got
Jason not just gonna be grabbed you're
gone unless you got a pocketknife then
you know then you get a little bit bold
if you have a pocketknife cuz then you
got a shirt you have a free out yeah
yeah yeah we had a nice dork someone
else dead
it's Tommy they're basically no just me
wait see if you're Tommy someone tell
these kids in the game to go to bed yeah
it is getting late if we ever thought
about streaming Skyrim nope
no if I haven't not even once
what are our thoughts in the newly
released spider-man editors cut I can't
imagine that an editor could save that
movie which spider-man 3 3 oh I don't
care
spider-man 3 2 would at least be
interesting cuz that movie is such a
clusterfuck of it doesn't know what it
is or what it's doing me amazing -
amazing spider-man amazing - right there
we go I thought that would've just been
obvious spider-man and - and clusterfuck
well that's why I got very confused
because I was talking about the Raimi
trilogy you guys think that - Jason
hitbox is a little broken no he has he
has a what do they call it in fighting
games like a null lock like you know his
grab cancels out your swing so you don't
even get to finish your Swain you don't
even get to finish your swing also King
is a thing also opinions a thing I
played Halle Knight no but I do own it
now okay oh yes I think I'm right by my
dead body - so maybe Jason didn't put
any traps I think I was in this house
what's Jason up to CMO Thanks I believe
I died in this house okay I died in the
next house there's one of these houses
so I know where the fuse is so we got
that going for us
so how do you get to be Tommy it's it's
random yeah once Tommy has been called
via the radio a dead counselor has a
chance to come back as Tommy the game
usually waits until there are two dead
people and then one of them gets to be
Tommy where's the fuse where's the phone
it's gotta be in one of these houses
it's usually fairly close it might be
that one back there I don't think it
usually is though I didn't see it worth
a look as long as some houses up north
that it can be at
well you know we're in this cluster of
houses so I'll just check all around the
camp
maybe that house so yeah you have to
radio in Tommy which you saw me do
earlier and then it chooses randomly
from one of the dead or escaped campers
yeah you don't have to die it could be
an escape damper usually it's dead
camera usually unless it was like an
early escape right well so that was like
an early call like you want a radio if
anyone's seen the phone sure anybody
seen the fuse box I have the fuse Tommy
Jarvis runs for his life
hey this is my second chance I'm not
fucking it up maybe I am real Rob Rose
says I went back and watched the last
few times
lenka Basinski on best of the worst yeah
god bless whoever edit whoever edits
those and has to hide down his mic a
hundred percent of the time put put down
it yeah you are a miracle worker no he
was you know what he was much better the
second time
yeah the coming into a group dynamic
like that I him never being on a show
like this yeah his his chat Ernest was
perfectly acceptable like and and if you
look at his second appearance it was it
was much more mature restrained and he
kind of got the flow a lot better so
can't blame anyone he's not really that
kind of performer so
phone you found that cell that's almost
certainly not up here
alright one of the spots that can
frequently spawn is the garage but
likely it's it's one of those two
buildings North to you most likely no
I've checked all four of those we
checked out for those yeah then it might
be the one by the car or could be by the
garage those are the freak those are the
frequent spots check the garage
I think I'm slightly closer to the
garage fortunately Tommy can cover a
good deal of ground toy yeah
quickly Tommy's a fast one Len was great
was great all right person in chat wait
we already answered the splinter cell
question like earlier way earlier this
stream yeah yeah I've played it rich you
haven't especially its linear is linear
look I'm like I haven't played it looked
like linear it is you know I have played
it it's linear like more like a puzzle
stealth and here's how I'm going to
here's how I am going to tackle this
situation I knock out that guard I get
to there
but I've never really plated so I might
be completely wrong I don't know I'm not
saying it's the worst thing ever
yeah you might enjoy it it's it had its
moments you know what it had its moments
July 8th on Tommy whoo yeah get your
light on Tommy who's not by the ground
it is not by the garage yep I made the
wrong call but you know what it was it
was a coin toss so now we checked the
other houses this guy I don't see oh
shit Jason's right there he's chasing
someone else though
very slowly so Jason doesn't find me
crawl through the window doo-doo-doo-doo
I gotta keep my I gotta keep moving this
feeling nope
right it's probably that building a
person's bike probably it hasn't been
anywhere else unless I missed it which
obviously is possible
oh just the better gimme gassed him
yeah just air I'm saying just the
battery is installed hello
nope nope oh my god that's like three
you're fighting part two Jason right
yeah yeah that's why that's my part -
Jason is cheap
nope that's what I wanted to drop
basically I find some fucking pocket
knives or some health spray or some shit
where did she take that battery
did she install it yeah the batteries
insult we need gas and fuse somebody
permission it's probably on one of these
houses by the car why we search these
houses but well will be the guy that
gets the car together that'll be our
that'll be our thing that'll be our
stick yeah sure the prowl trap by that
door what counselor set a trap by the
open door by the mad trap strats
hey Jason Jason you know you're just in
here what's a little house Wow somebody
must have just missed it
yes yeah possible save that woman that's
two deaths Zach Peterson says the dead
jack yep I play with inverted control
yeah I have ever since GTA 3 on ps2 my
five-year-old son is starting to play
switch games should I force him to play
non-inverted or should I pass on my
curse to him some games jack are cheaply
made well kind like kinda like fight you
know a Friday the 13th doesn't let you
rebind controls right some games don't
let you invert and really it was
occasionally a nightmare to me when I
only played inverted and I have not had
any issues or regret since I switched
over to non-inverted sure sure
yeah then don't pass on your curse let
them let them think let them learn
non-inverted yeah my kids play
non-inverted when like then when they
play minecraft yeah that was the dumbest
thing
obviously who's that no yeah we have a
chance because it's boat Jason but he's
just gonna morph over to the exit here
oh yeah he's not that fast
yes she's fucked Oh
Jason's back in the water
that is not the
right what are you doing what are you
doing she's giving up what are you doing
she's giving up why cuz Jason's in the
water yeah but look what if nobody no
one accused her of being smart yeah I
guess so yeah by the way so yeah let
your kids learn uninvited them and you
know what that is you to default in the
game is uninvited they won't know they
won't notice the difference they won't
even know that inversion is a thing
unless you tell them better than so it's
fine there was some guys like red dead
redemption i played yo head that back
when I was playing inverted yeah it
didn't invert the the the duals really
so when you had to reach for your gun
that was it was normal for a second then
you had to get a switch back up when it
came time to aim there there were
constant nagging issues here and there
with inverted controls okay you dumbass
double dumbass
oh my god some people some people close
yet so far oh now she doesn't have all
my doubles dumbass what the heck
lady what are you doing can Jason get
you on the boat yeah he's actually
really easy if Jason is anywhere near
you it's a button prompt to tip you out
of the boat you have a chance with part
two because he's slow yeah but a smart
Jason player and get around that ya know
so it's a button prompt to tip you out
of the boat and then it's a second
button problem to drown you it's but
it's a very easy kill if you are in the
bottom here's here's the thing the boat
is great if Jason doesn't know what
you're doing when you fix the boat Jason
doesn't get a nose that lets them know
the boat is fixed unless you fuck up
when you're fixing the boat right you
can get out in the boat and Jason will
never know what you're doing but if
Jason hears you fuck up when you're
installing that propeller or if he
notices your leaving you know somebody's
weren't over towards that boat he can
kill you super easy in the water if he
knows you're getting out with the boat
the car it's the other way around the
car the second you start the engine
Jason gets an alert he gets that he gets
to hear that engine start knows wherever
he is in the map he knows somebody has
started a car but you have a fighting
chance in the car it's not an instant
kill when he stops the car yeah that's
very that's the balance that's the
difference it's not the same thing but
one looks like a boat one looks like a
company it's the same it's not the same
oh yeah they're two very different
things but they're just vehicles
there are a lot of great things about
this game there's also a lot of negative
things about this game but I think the
great things about this game outweigh
the negative things
nobody ever plays of the nerd because
his stats are horrible yeah there's
there's people with good repair that
also have decent stealth there is no
reason to use what's-his-name let's chop
up the fat nerd yeah over Deborah Nunn
hizmet his major advantage is repair
speech is repairer smart he's smart he
fixes things good yeah Deborah has that
exact same she fixes things good but she
doesn't have the horrible crippling bad
stamina yeah that the fat nerd guy does
veteran numbers got repair and the
standard there's no reason you wouldn't
rather have Deborah yep you taught you
toss some stealth stuff on Deborah
you're good to go
that's what I use I think she is decent
stuff she does have to use himself I
toss extra stuff stuff on her and that's
that's my use that's my usual go to solo
play like if I don't think I'm gonna be
working with a group he fixes things
well rich that's why you're a low weight
I think I do from it was a it was a song
about a menage a trois
heavy fun
yeah hey I get to murder sometimes nice
yeah a little working then pick up the
two knives even though you know what I
do every night
oh it's nice to get the murder break but
ultimately winning as a counselor is
more satisfying I will absolutely agree
with you just just a friendly little
murder break hey I'm here by the phone
no one's Lock this door yet so knock it
down that's mad strat right there where
as glowing I Jason from he was a backer
exclusive for this game designed by Tom
Savini yeah exclusively for this game
it's supposed to be Jason after he
escapes from hell that's why he's
glowing with is glowing with the fires
of hell with burning embers oh okay sure
yeah it's Hellfire Jason with a Hellfire
black and mask
that's cool walking on the car
put some fucking traps there that can't
be working on the car yet you can never
die see yeah I could never die I'm good
I want to kill him first now shouts been
it's been running a lot huh
he's been running a lot he shot me twice
I see you Hey I kept the the head I
wanted to knock his head off should have
done the door kill that's not a bad one
there you go
use your vision
I'm killing you first that is the right
call yeah I feel good
unless he comes back sorry I don't give
a fuck about a car
stop Jason faces unfold I make them
suffer like we did get your priorities
straight
oh I'm lessons out the window already
listen I'm on it
I know are you doing she's been running
a lot yeah I even running a lot friend
sorry friend oh you get the axe to the
face yes
goodbye friend oh yeah there we go
all right where is your other friend
I see what you have there
let's go Jack this is going well I'm
feeling pretty good about this dude
this is one of my favorite kills just
because when he does lop off her head he
just seems like he's born with it I
thought about watching him not kill him
that's my boy Wade she ran by the phone
the other one Oh does he easier kill on
that house though maybe even get a quick
kill on him I definitely don't want them
to get that phone working
it just shit today Jason
was an unfortunate raucous what that
that's exactly what that was she planned
that Jack she planned that no that's the
radio Tommy Center right there he wasted
mad trap strats I didn't see you never
see it coming you should though right
that's Jason Oh Chad Singh is sought
there's no one coming
yeah oh yeah you can hit me with a stick
but I can't hit Jason with a bat
turn off the old music
hi you got a block in combat stance
going to combat stance it's right bumper
I kill you twice dick yeah I know I just
want to show everyone that I cannot move
oh yeah yeah she's probably over here
London flex in ski says Lego Batman
Logan Guardians
Wonder Woman spider-man all superhero
movies have been quality and we have
Thor to look forward to what with or to
look forward to what are your favorite
Marvel movies I love Winter Soldier and
guardians to sudden are you said for the
Iron Man films she ran up an idio
there's three there's still three people
alive right
yeah no nobody's nobody you're yet
you're not used to people not abandoning
yeah I didn't know there were so many
people in here
you still in here second trap Stratton
goddamnit hello I'm gonna throw you on
the ground goodbye spider-man was great
homecoming and what our soldiers good
the Iron Man films are good find the
spider-man homecoming guardians to is
great you know there's a lot of good
Marvel movies my favorite Iron Man 3
make them stuff are always way they're
going fast they in a car no they're just
speedy motherfucker probably overshot
him yeah I don't know how about that
nice you were all over that
hello
you get a nice axe kill
yeah learning learning like relative
distance on the map is a really tough
thing yeah yes boom eight out of eight
motherfucker I'm great jack that was
great it felt really good about that
yeah and I got trapped twice I mean
that's a little embarrassing because you
know the mad trap strats is kind of my
thing but hey hey daddy I I man threes a
perfect action movie Winter Soldier that
elevator fight in Winter Soldier like
that fer the the first fight is worth
almost the whole fucking movie that's a
great little fight scene right and I
think one thing I love about action
movies is when the action represents
something in the story and so you know
like I've talked about Iron Man 3 a
bunch but like that elevator fight when
literally his co-workers start to gang
up on him and turn on him and and like
that pivot in the story taking place as
an action sequence is beautiful he's
trapped he's trapped by his coworkers
it's great it's fucking great
yeah some Wars all right civil wars all
right hello back for the fight at the
end of civil war is is a it's a
spectacle is what it is that's a great
spectacle yeah I wouldn't necessarily
call it like it felt tacked on yeah to
everything else that was going on in the
story that's the thing that completely
knocked out like there was no like
greater meaning just beyond like hey
it's a great spectacle though it's a
great fight and spider-man he's doing
his thing
it made it just a smaller scale because
the whole thing that movies mouths you
know what happened in the end of course
of course all between those just those
three characters which by the way that
and here's the problem that fight
between the three of them is gorgeous
but everyone is so fatigued after the
big battle that no one remembers that
awesome cat versus Iron Man vs. a Winter
Soldier fight which is great it's small
it's personal it's dirty that and you
know what you know what the heaven in
that fight sequence they literally have
the Winter Soldier ripping Tony's heart
out statement talk about metaphor
metaphor
yeah oh yeah yeah with other thing he's
here I never really thought about it
ripping his heart out rich sorry
somebody's saying smaller-scale way to
infinity war these are two different
things
I'm saying for the story they were
telling in civil war yeah wasn't about
at the end of that movie it wasn't about
the epic heroes all fighting it was all
about Tony and Ironman and having a band
and Captain America having a falling-out
right over everything it wasn't about
the epic stick ship that was that felt
tacked on in that case and for that
particular story yeah the big well it
was out of place
well though and like I said it actually
diminishes the important fight like the
story fight at the end that the big
spectacle diminished it even though it's
a great fight like you know the airport
fight sequence and they're not going to
do infinity war right they might
surprise me but if they do if they do
yeah that that won't have the spectacle
superhero fight in the same way unless
it's horribly one-sided and Thanos just
stomps everybody because he is
effectively God I could see that here's
here's the thing about the Infinity
Gauntlet yeah it's a story about a man
who just can't get this woman to love
him despite doing all of these amazing
grand things no matter what he does
death rejects Thanos and what here's me
know why you know why I like fan o's as
a character he's effectively God in that
story okay he could force her to love
him if he wanted to he legitimately
loves death and wants her to love him
for who he is and she just doesn't and
despite his godly power he can't force
her it's it's it's beautiful you selling
me you're selling me if they do it right
right and he's gonna be the ones blown
up the hairs are gonna closures the
heroes are gonna explosion what at least
two of them are gonna explosion
this is great there's a father there's a
fight in the Infinity Gauntlet Thanos
humiliate basically just humiliates the
heroes he toys with them I could see
that happening they literally stand no
chance of winning the fight I could see
that I could see that happening that
could be a really fun the second act
turn is just them losing horribly or at
you know what that could be that could
be an opening fight just the heroes
losing horribly that could be fun shit
oh fuck someone's leaving in the boat
the fuse ya think
well shit the villains humiliating the
heroes who don't stand a chance until
the blue beam goes off has been done
lots of times yeah but in all these
movies the heroes eventually succeed
that's that's not quite how the nfinity
got it's a bit more nuanced than that
it's not phantoms isn't defeated by the
good guys punching him enough
think about it oh yeah things really
hard tape always has a good arc curve
how do they beat this that's the thing
the Infinity Ward Infinity Gauntlet I'm
sorry I'm confusing up my own head now
because they're calling the upcoming
thing infinity war right right the
ending is a bit muddled I don't think
that Starlin really knew how to end it
properly it goes on for about like an
issue longer than it should have
oh well that's an that's an Adam warlock
thing right yeah kind of like what
happens in the book is at that point
Thanos subconsciously lets himself get
he subconsciously lets nebula take the
gauntlet from him because he doesn't
believe he is worthy at that point okay
and then how do we stop nebula becomes
like the last issue to one today it
doesn't end solidly the Infinity
Gauntlet I just like that that core
story idea of the person he loves that
so much he gets the power of a god just
so he could be with her and he does you
want you want half the universe dead
here it's done hey he does everything at
his godly power to win her over and she
just doesn't love him press T for me the
fuse box is in the tool shed
yeah I think that's neat like that
that's a that's a neat idea I don't you
know like I don't much care for for
space you know godly spacemen but that
could be a nice way to make it at least
relatable get off me
like a lot of what the heroes doing
Infinity Gauntlet us they're just
dealing with like the fallout from
what's going on oh yeah like Thanos gets
angry and just because he gets angry
like that causes like an earthquake to
happen on earth California falls into
the ocean heroes are dealing with that
sure alright you need it seriously back
up doesn't anyone have card
okay the car has gas and a battery
some a bitch
fuels either California falls into the
ocean I'm all on board with that they
don't like there's the same verb Thanos
just slaughters all of the heroes in the
most horrific ways possible hey that's
my outfit
what are you on the floor punch wrench
mr. plum Oh
fuse like like in the battle in the
Infinity Gauntlet comic bug
spider-man literally gets decapitated oh
yeah that's great
he literally gets decapitated hmm
Cyclops gets suffocated Thor gets turned
into glass and then shattered nice I got
the fuse I can contribute you don't
think that the the Infinity Gauntlet
will go over well with mainstream ah
yeah I know that's why I'm not looking
forward to the infinity war movies yeah
they're gonna different I'm well aware
well and they they kind of have to just
to make it makes sense they did
spider-man right yeah well but
spider-man suit like spider-man's a
character thing I guess Thanos could be
too so it's just a big will seaman who's
doing it well Russo brothers are doing
alright I don't know how she can't
repair what shit though I'm gonna be
quiet for this
some shit I know jack you didn't even do
anything to alert him video come on
bitch
who you calling a bitch bitch now oh
wait oh I used my pocketknife to just on
the crap ah gosh darn it
dang dang deca dang man that good thing
he was just over here check it like he
doesn't get notified if I disarmed his
trap right or does he was close enough
to hear the clack I don't know - just to
whom left dang it
Doctor Strange is a little forgettable
yeah yeah Doctor Strange was another one
where they kind of they kind of glossed
over a lot of the fun character stuff I
feel like they did the same thing with a
hitman you know we didn't get we didn't
get an interesting character with either
Ant Man or Doctor Strange you haven't
seen that before you know is that my
voice
I just don't care enough to watch it
right right and by the way I can't
disagree with you they they really those
movies felt like they were painting by
now yeah they're still good like a dr.
strange has really neat visuals and one
of the most satisfying endings
he uses his smarts and his wits to
defeat the bad guy and it's great no
really really satisfying ending to
Doctor Strange but but a lot of it just
feels like paint by numbers here on
journey stuff so
ant-man's visuals are better though yeah
yeah a man has really good visuals and
any excuse for um Paul Rudd to act in a
major Hollywood movie
I will accept I love Paul Rudd so if
ant-man has to exist as a
paint-by-numbers blockbuster so Paul
Rudd can star in a blockbuster movie I'm
gonna be absolutely okay with that okay
is what I'm gonna say cuz Paul Rhoads
wonderful find my dead body always right
around here right your dead body yeah my
dead body has the fuse on it
no it's not yeah oh him never mind
I was talking to him I was talking to
him telling him to find my dead body
I'm like I thought I wasn't paying much
attention I thought you were playing and
I'm like wait a minute you can't you
can't be looking for your dead body
because you're not Tommy this has to be
a new game Jack forget he said always
just spectating I get it numb yep should
have had the common decency to die near
the phone it might be in the fuse no
it's not oh because I was repairing it
yeah maybe maybe just wet hot American
summer any good yes what hot American
summer is brilliant it is a it is a set
up to be a classic summer camp boner
comedy like a like a Porky's like a teen
sex boner comedy and it slowly eats
itself and it's brilliant you also you
might not be into that style of humor so
you might not think it's brilliant what
had American some yeah I saw at ages ago
I remember liking it very for so it's
very funny but I could totally see
somebody not getting their style of
humor
mm-hm okay summer bone ear County it's
boner jams anonymous says hey rich big
thumbs farmer was touted as the cure-all
to stomach pain
until recently a bacteria h pylori that
burrows in your stomach was discovered
the tums festival can end with some
antibiotics that they discover that a
bacteria causes all heartburn maybe in
any case we we don't want to abuse
antibiotics that's true that's true
because that's how you get antibacterial
resistant strains that that that can
ruin medical science as we know it they
can literally ruin medical science as we
know it yep
once the act once that once you can't
use antibacterial medication do cure
bacterial infections we are all fucked
mm-hmm that's so true
if a charc tablet can do the same thing
I'll take the chalk tablet that's fair
that's fair if you and if it works you
know if it works for you then you just
do it works don't abuse antibiotics if
you're watching this it's it's deadly
serious not just for you for all of
humanity
when you when you have a virus don't bug
your doctor to describe you an
antibiotic if your doctor does prescribe
to you for antibiotics for something and
he tells you to finish them finish them
you have acid that just means the
bacteria that like survive the
antibiotics that you've been taking
better and you don't because you didn't
kill them all
those are the ones that are going to
reproduce yes it's serious this seems to
be a passion plea from you it's a big
world without antibiotics working
there's a world where a lot of people
fucking die from things that are so
easily treatable now I don't think
people understand like how good we have
it having antibiotics like you know
there was this whole thing called the
Black Plague that killed half of Europe
huh yeah yeah it's a big deal but I like
that shyguy side says but on the other
hand yeah I think we need a we need a
more we need a more balanced approach to
this rich centrist you know about
antibiotic he's not in the mood he's not
anymore am i joking about antibiotics
and that's fine next next you're gonna
tell me that vaccines cause autism I
think we just need to look at both ends
which is ridiculous that's a ridiculous
statement meant to be ridiculously
purposeful purposefully ridiculous
obviously there's nothing linking
vaccines to autism and vaccines are
helpful because you know polio is not a
thing anymore look I'm really happy
about like there was there was a time in
this world we're getting a cut on your
thumb was potentially deadly that's true
that's true oh you got the gangrene we
got cut there's nothing we can do yep
maybe most of your hand just to be safe
yep and if the doctor wasn't any good
that has to
do the whole arm like a week later oh
there is still polio but it's nothing
that you know everybody has to worry
about like they used to
polio still exists but you know I was
never I was never afraid of getting
polio growing up like kids in the 1920s
work great ghost stories to tell
especially they're like are this one of
a horrible movie called the Freddy don't
forget to bring the wieners oh I got the
wieners and the marshmallows and the
Chocolate and everything loaded already
I'm done with this bit now I want to
kill some people on everyone has a good
game I can't there's telling stories at
this Lodge right and there's suddenly
this guy I guess
I went there there was a moment in the
review in our in our review of Friday's
rich mentions Mike dickhead the
dickheads who leave if they're not Jason
because they're Jason only players and
at the start of some matches you'll just
see you you know
expert in black neighbor and I started
looking through for this exact cluster
park races so you know rich rich
mentions of the people who leave and so
I start looking through footage just to
try to find that moment in the cutscene
where people leave and I I had to go as
far as you second clip our car and the
two fine I'm shocked you had to go that
far back only because the first clip I
didn't hit record for the open oh okay
so the first scene that I had a cutscene
in was a scene I can use to show someone
leaving because they want to
I know he's coming for me can I do the
jokes away in the door
I'll take it I'll take it
okay great
Vanessa powers activate right power of
run your ass away fuck knows to work
jack
huh good work yeah I was fuckin good
except for Vanessa powers of getting
scared really easily just popped up
gotta be a trade-off Jack I know I know
should a perk her to balance it out I
think I gave her some stealth no no oh
no you know what I gave her a really
great I gave her the if Jason let's go
view you guys stamina boost for extra or
run away power and I oh I gave her a big
chance of Jason not seeing you if you
are in a house which is a perk I realize
the house doesn't glow bright red
sometimes yeah oh shit they got they got
a car started already or a car or half
statuses the next two Avengers movies
were originally called infinity Wars
part 1 one two but recently they made a
big deal about changing it maybe so they
wouldn't spoil that they're losing at
the end of one Shh
no no don't call what they want we know
what it is
crane hand Christ says my last tip of
the night new guys are grain cheap up
the good twerk excellent typo joke
double-checking your work probably on
the house next to my good buddy here you
just went on with a car man the fucking
car or the four seater oh shit look at
the editorial they're running towards
the car
Vanessa I have a bat I can help I have a
baton Gotham deserves but not the one
needs you
yeah I came back you could have fucking
saved but you chose to let me die you're
a traitor what we spent Helen yeah what
were you supposed to do you dickhead I
didn't have a baton
oh that's the two-seater the four uh-huh
well maybe those keys around here what's
the two-seater have gone for it
nothing just the battery that's
something that's something don't pay for
a battery I'm pulling the battery that's
there's gas hanging around here you see
a trap down there huh do you see a trap
down there do you see Jason around here
I'm just saying it's a it's a suitable
Plan B oh sure there's a drawer that
middle hallway you missed that means
that means whoever I'm following here
ain't that good a searcher yep yep all
right we got this that's fine what's
Friday the 13th movie are we watching
yep part six because that's the Jason
were up against right now they might be
putting the yeah I wonder if they're
running away with a gas can
I would I would assume they're if they
going for the two seater you probably
have keys keep an eye on that that holds
situation
they're not there where did they die
that's my plan hope Jason doesn't notice
you he probably knows you're there I
mean I would assume basically if she
dies I just know to go over there and
look other people are heading towards
the other car they probably have the
keys how many I just won
but there had there be lining yep
good night and I coming back for your
Jack you're fucked
wait now Jason's probably headed towards
them find that a girl get out with this
car if you can I can help I can help
all right yeah they got stop you have a
chance you have a chance yeah yeah I can
help I can help you could steal a seed
yep no it's a four-seater they have a
name extra room
hey say something cool Oh everything
usually I say it goes out of here
oh nice was that one guy - we're gonna
kill hahahaha he's gonna hit you he's a
good call by the driver
oh is that dirty good no there's he's
through good at that person who wants to
come and join our team you got a knock
Jason down if you want to get in the car
some of you I mean hit see he seems to
know he's done
I hate escaping with the car and this
map
oh wow that was a classic Juke sorry
lady
we'll think of you forever oh good Jason
Kapono fuck now this guy knew what he
was doing good job
nice work I think that was Jason saying
good job
I was reiterating it because it was I
don't think I accomplished much this
time that's fine that's fine sometimes
it happens see waiting for other people
to get a chance I think he is wait
wait
always dropping his items yeah damn
fucking me without me
you're a class act I did know I was
you're a real class act not kidding
had
back back
oh come on Jim oh did you know the
driver has to stay in the car to restart
everyone else worries about Jason's
drivers number-one priority is to
restart the car
oh now Chad's dead too
look at this bye Chad dead he drops a
pocketknife - yep what were you thinking
Chad we were out that second time he got
out of the car what was that about what
was that about I don't know he was going
he was going for the fucking Chad look
at that look at that
fuck we were out of course I didn't do
anything well I hit Jason a couple times
but really if I were smarter hindsight
being 20/20 rich she's got an image I
should have driven I should have gotten
in the car and just like Chad I'm
leaving if you want to come with you get
in the car now but I you know what I
wasn't thinking
Chad seemed to be doing the nice thing
Jason who didn't seem to be coming for
us yeah no and I didn't you're right I
didn't do anything to contribute to me
escaping I should have though as soon as
Chad got out I should have gotten in and
driven it I should have known that Chad
would fuck it up
shed oh well I think that's a fine place
and it's fine play standard Chad your
kindness killed us
you you you good-hearted fuck I think he
said my bad killed him with kindness yep
cancel cancel great hey we got uh yeah
then this is the point in the stream in
which we thank everybody who has come to
the stream and so thank you and this is
also the point in which we thank
everyone who has subscribed to us more
importantly during this particular
stream much like Edgar Allan Poe Poe who
has subscribed to us for exactly one
year and Edgar Allan Poe Poe says
there's no better way to celebrate one
year of support then with some Nazi
killin boo boo boo damn straight
shopping shop Misner one for 30 fucking
months in a row Meisner says 30 today
there's a Great Gatsby joke in there
somewhere but really who gives a shit
yeah nobody nobody come tremendous for
twenty two fucking months a neurosis
more Nazi shooting ich bin liebe meine
liebe Darth d'oeuvre who says have you
ever thought about playing the newish
hi moon Transformers game the first has
co-op thanks for the fun streams yeah
yeah we know we did that other way the
the Platinum transformers game that was
the kind of like a me I'm not I'm not
that big on the Transformers franchise
yeah
bleach me nameless humanoid Freddy
for 17 months in a row says 17 is a
prime number
sure you know suave who says lol stabbed
my dog Don Buckwald says three months on
the books but three years off the record
hope you're still be watching and
supporting you guys long into the future
thank you thank you down thank you
scoffs buster I get it grizzly bear it
the real way on for 20 fucking months in
a row Rhea Vance's now that you're
giving me a proper fucking I think I
deserve some answers not why aren't you
playing my favorite game not what animal
would rich be but the answer to the
question we're all asking when is the
next blanket review coming out well you
know I know we said that it was probably
a half in the bag happening tonight but
check your inboxes tomorrow well keep
that under your hat check your inboxes
tomorrow that running joke is so old
it's been so long since that's come up
yeah you're gonna actually anger some
people good that that old running joke
because it's not true
you'll be review tomorrow talked about
them one I don't know how much work he's
done talked about it it works slowly on
him well you got dumb right yeah I've
heard some things
I've heard some thanks heard some things
hartree-fock ur an unqualified bard says
if prereq is looking for a guy in the
chair let me know by the way I have
either of you seen baby driver fucking
beautiful
and I would mine seen him humberto
Cabbage Patch for 30 fucking months in a
row says die Nazi scum big fat man 873
for 16 months in a row do be sandwich
says I've been tasked to raise a young
French Bulldog while its owner is on an
extended vacation I'm constantly afraid
that he will somehow leave the house and
get me in trouble he's quite the rowdy
pup well I remain a good dog sitter by
next month he'll we don't know what kind
of person you are do be sandwich jangan
born nine thirty two fucking months in a
row potent potables one hero jim six
says when in rome or hardly working nice
as oh sorry a slight buzzing says love
y'all's character voices LOL phoenix my
rights it's been a while friendship
Bunga dug for thirty four fucking months
in a row says hey hey hehehe I give
prereq my money I watched lots of
streams but for one I will whoa oh I
watch a lot of streams but for one I
will watch a little more
oh hey hey hehehe I give prereq my money
I haven't actually ever watched the hey
hey P piece on you've never I've never I
didn't I didn't see any need to quite
frankly know you I mean it's a stupid
little song kick girl V for 15 months in
a row says here's to 15 months with you
wonderful hack frauds lots of love to
both of you thank you goose history
whether it nay the--some nathie ISM oh
that's better
Nathan ISM Euler's number for 12 months
in a row plumb no money 45 and plan T
lomani says three months of watching
this schlock you fucks biff eponymous
437 mother fucking months in a row
crooked spiraled says thanks for being
the best thing on twitch here's some
many more awesome streams microfiber
militia for 33 fucking monster row
that's just a way didn't it's real j
waitin that's so great does that mean oh
wait
j waited for the stream to end oh it's
oh it's happening right now let us get
done with thanking you all then go watch
it beginning to and reckless for 33
fucking months a neurosis watching you
guys play Friday the 13th is so
cathartic and fun for some reason keep
up the good work and keep having fun
doing it much respect yes because it's
actually a really fun game despite the
fact that a lot of people keep saying it
isn't it's a very fun game I don't know
where people are getting there and a lot
of bugs a lot of bugs really lotta bugs
a lot of thinking problems really fun
yes admitted but it's still fun despite
yeah okay this is a great name
evil Rosa Parks I just like the idea of
an evil resident alternate universe
little the partial twin right yeah well
what did she do that was evil like I'm
trying to think of like something that
would that would hurt the cause what
instead of instead of getting Auto it's
instead of staying in her seat she would
like put like knives under the seat she
she like so I white people would stab
down and they'd get like a knife up
there but she would like plant marijuana
on protesters she was indiscriminate in
her evil thing oh yeah everything kick
baby bitch she refused to get out of her
seat not because she was making a point
just maybe she was being a bitch what if
Rosa Parks was the evil Rosa Parks but
she didn't know we had segregation on
this earth she wouldn't she wouldn't get
out of her seat for like a handicapped
person who needed the seat by the door
exactly she she suddenly got transported
to our earth gets on a bus and was told
to leave the seat she's like fuck you my
said she didn't even understand that she
was part of the civil rights movement
that's a glorious I love it cocaine moon
el Scorcho for 965 then I settled rolled
our yeah yeah Jo budget Messiah for 14
months in a row double-oh-seven rules a
horrible glory slash s for thirty two
fucking months in a row says remember
when the star of killing American style
was also driving the Jeep and hard
ticket to Hawaii no one does
no one let's check that out
the ethereal sorry the ethereal walrus
theory along T cars up T Carlisle far
from 21 fucking months in a row says
haven't been able to launch as much as
I'd like but always willing to support
you guys El Pollo Diablo we know how to
sponsor name it's it's just hard to
remember it we know how to pronounce it
also your name El Pollo Diablo doesn't
have any fun rolls out of pole or Diablo
you don't have any roles that I can do
Apolo Diablo what are we saying wrong el
Diablo El Pollo Diablo where's Apollo
for pronouncing it wrong then it's got
to be pollo oh is that it Puyol
is it ooh maybe tell boy or I'll pull
your Diablo alright there you go I said
it right maybe maybe fuck off point
oh yeah horrible glory says polio okay
okay
rich which figured it out and I saw
something in the chat say point oh okay
I didn't figure anything out oh shit I'm
nothing without you guys it's true
I'm nothing without people like tricky
add and Guardian x99 jumped lust joy boy
for 15 months in a row who says hijack
protect my balls there's almost as good
as Eva Rosa Parks our Millville blurred
no it doesn't work and are oh and our
Miller 423 fucking Munson Rowan our
Miller says now subscribing solely for
modern medicine lectures by Professor
Richard Edlund Evans importance
important but this is serious business
I'm just surprised at how seriously you
made it
I got no bit enjoy half in the bag watch
out of the bag bag
I was on the end you know I was doing
the end they hit the moon
