Episode 819
The End is ToNIGHt (Part 1)
August 9, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JdBUbvOc_kE
___________________________________________

[A] is your bitter Jack it's not your bitter
it's not a bitter thing you know like
there was it there was a fun
back-and-forth between me and J M on the
Twitter's the other day where you know
like it just so happens or no we were
surprised that they didn't release
another one on Sunday yeah yeah yeah
we're uh they're gonna upload this as
soon as we start streaming and you know
we were we're watching Bo TW yeah go
away free reg right stop stop streaming
prereq we were kind of playfully joking
that they do it right when we started on
Sunday and apparently they waited for
today to do that which is fine
so you know listen we're here you guys
finish it you guys found me you know
just come back whenever you're ready
well you were just here he's gonna start
playing wait until we've had time to
finish the work of course yeah yeah the
wheel looks great doesn't it thank you
thank you like it looks great in real
life but even more sit like it looks
great on camera better than I thought
really pops really pops I think I think
the one criticism out have is I'd love
to see it higher let's see it raised up
awesome different but the hard part was
you know the wheel and the spinning
functionality and the flapper yeah yeah
no I think I think in future episodes
I'd love to see it just like kind of you
know like chest-high dish ma'am yeah cuz
you know like there's a lot of bending
over there's a lot of awkward camera
angles so I'd love to see it like you
know we love wheel of fortune stuff
anyway
today's us it's Wednesday it's Wednesday
we're gonna play the end is nigh I have
an important question rich do I skip the
cutscenes no why would you skip the
cutscenes right for those who don't know
the end is nigh is the new game by
Edmund McMillen
and rich Evans voices Ashe the main
cares
bizarrely bizarre watch people stream
this earlier and it's a little bit weird
to hear your voice hey I was involved
with that I'm just hanging up lurking
and watching your stream yeah yeah
and so yeah a lot of people were asking
if we were planning on doing a episode
about this and yeah no mostly no we're
too close
I'm Ithaca yes for a friend of the show
former prereq guest and friend of the
show edmund mcmillen who we've been
working with not only through that I cut
together the gameplay trailer that you
see on the store page and all that fun
stuff so let's play let's play the game
I've played a little bit I put it a
little bit to my favorite games here we
have classic controls that you're
jumping you got going left and right and
like always in these games avoid the
spikes
Oh oh no no no no no no no I'll fuck oh
fuck oh god no this can't be broke here
let me get out oh no it's still not
working
oh fuck fuck what am I gonna do
fine work rich it's acceptable work fine
work dear anybody reading this I'm
probably dead
that wouldn't be surprising everybody
else's there was some kind of apocalypse
and all that was left was me well most
of it all at all no hasn't been so bad
till yesterday my favorite game
cartridge finally broke nothing I'm
gonna go out and make a friend I have to
go out there outside it's a dangerous
twisted
death mostly you know what imagine all
the fun we'll have me and my friend you
know collecting tumors spinning teeth
for distance you don't do it right
you're populating the world this won't
be easy but I have nothing left to lose
except my other eye
how long buggin
it is very strange the character of ash
is a let's player and we're plent we're
streaming this let's we're let's playing
this and you're the boy and your voice
is in front of your voice it's we've we
haven't we have invented a hypothetical
fifth wall whoa
you gotta click over back on the game
whoo see you hopping around you're
collecting shit when you get that one up
there I don't know yet I can only assume
at some point there's power-ups or a way
to get down or a way to get down yeah
there's a lot of there's a lot of
secretiy areas to this but you know it's
pretty standard you know you're not
gonna talk to the ghost I'm not gonna
tell all the skeletons I'm not gonna
talk to Elvis kontin's cuz I know all
the shit already
people don't huh people to the end oh
they don't care about what the skeletons
say they just want to see the game okay
but I wasn't dead I used to hang off
corners and stuff just like hanging out
get it
please don't die alright see look you
can hang out for a little spike things
people get people what's going on yes
you already missed my voiceover maybe we
can get some more rich can you plate
this instead so we can enjoy the story
you're not that much doing right you
guys saw the cutscene you know the
important part oh shit oh shit
you know the important part the
important part is that we're going we're
going out to make a friend I gotta get
the tumors do you have to I feel a need
to get the tumors yes something
different happen if you don't what's the
incentive other than just you want to
collect things in games that's a great
question and I will show we'll get we'll
get to that point soon I will show you
why it's important it unlocks things
it unlocks things
we're finally fucking made it I suppose
we'll see we'll see if Edwin never talks
to us again I have my doubts oh you did
fine work fine work you did fine fine
work
it's just binding of Super Meat Boy keep
right you know a lot of similar art
styles and a lot of similar themes you
fucked up
yeah there's a lot of there's a lot of
you know Gish
how many sandwiches that I give Jack for
my work in this game you have the joy
and pleasure of working with a personal
hero of yours I you know I did have that
but I'm also taking a cut so that's what
about one of the main reasons I agreed
that though what because I knew what you
wanted to do this I did I appreciate
that
I appreciate that I knew the score I
would have tried to have talked about
him like no this this this is much
better you can do than me
you know yeah
welcome go back for a second
I got that too there anything up there
yeah yeah I do better I got that up top
like up through we can get the spikes on
the Left Oh trying it over there I got
the tumor already right I know but I
there might be more than the tumor
how much time did you can actually spend
recording for this won't even you'd
probably think for as little as there
probably is but you want to get things
right and then sometimes you get to
think yes see that a mega tumor oh I
mean it probably took us one like in
total spread out across a couple weeks
five days yeah we work like a lot of
hundreds and hundreds a day though right
right I'd say I would say that we put in
approximately five half days hmm
you think that's an it sounds about
right yeah yeah
this Edvin stopping in for tonight's
stream not that we not that we know cuz
he's probably sleeping spend ages
working on a game and comes out you're
probably just a crash Oh both Edmond and
Tyler I'm sure are just I already saw
like Tyler was putting out some hot
fixes today they had some bugs game devs
work is never done
I didn't get that tumor down there you
go oh I've gotten that one before oh my
god they're secret walls
I'll know I'm down here I play this for
a bit I did not get hung up on I'm
collecting all the things oh yeah I was
just mostly just getting through the
rooms sure I like collecting all the
things save go through the door and save
don't save save your collection or I
could just do it good what did you find
tumor that falls what triggers it nope
okay I think you need to hit all three
on that first one
oh close jack close nope
the camera is like right in my way over
there's a hole we can get this no you
can't like you can't just grab the tumor
you also have to get out is the problem
can you actually die in this game or is
it basically consequence-free it's
basically consequence-free as you're
clearly seeing the you know the you get
nine thousand four hundred and seventy
two lives is that it yeah that's it it
shows its secret it's kind of like a
gotcha
okay which is the expert Ian at me
I might not get this one because you
know we want to keep moving forward
right all the pro streamers streaming
this game they be getting all the stuff
well of course they're getting all the
stuff I'm not a pro streamer
I don't got delete strats I'm just I'm
just the whole you know was saving I'm
just killing time until we can talk
about spider-man dammit it was good
right back yeah I almost got too much
time there jack it's a problem getting
too good at killing nope
getting too good at killing time there's
a lot of stuff we can talk about like we
can talk about the the first round ah
first round the first round of the great
twitch versus YouTube experiment yeah
Friday the 13th just to give the half in
the bag and I open it to give the half
in the bag an extra day I spent some
time and I uploaded it to twitch okay
because you know we kept we talked about
good all you did because you know we've
talked about doing that as an experiment
before like uploading it to twitch to
see how the numbers were would be
right
oh I see what I have to do can't do it
now
Wow if you fucked up well I'm sure I
could get back can you restart can you
like hit start and go to the first area
in this yeah level McGee
oh I'm hanging on the side I thought I'd
died look there's this there's a little
spike up there I see that right yeah
nope I think if you want about it the
wrong way I think you have to go through
the other side and then come back I
think that's the appropriate way to do
it
Oh or the way I just did it it's really
happening
the Ascension is real I've paid my
attendance I've been forgiven I can see
like you Jer see a white light you see a
foot
something about a fingernail I'm feeling
feelings again this is finally over
goodbye cruel world
all right
nope
yes my voice is actually in the game
it's in the cutscenes yeah really hard
to get that tumors like super hard you
get paid edition you paid me yeah ah ah
that tumor is super hard to get you get
the tumor yeah sure give me the
controller I'll get the dam too much
yeah well yeah yeah I'll get that damn
tumor damn it
night calm yeah I gotta get to too much
okay so the great twitch versus YouTube
experiments yeah has yielded some
interesting results from the first round
yeah so I decided what I decided to do
was release it on twitch a day a day
early like so you know any and an email
went out so anyone who's a twitch
subscriber to us got an email a day
before everyone else right
and obviously like the numbers don't
even compare oh right because you know
we have far more your subscribers than
we do twitch subscribers but it's still
interesting yeah I got the tomb are you
happy I am I am happy about that
I'm happy you made the correct choice
yes that's what's interesting about the
results so we're at about we're at
around three thousand views on Twitter
yeah and you know now it's been up for a
few days but like after the first like
ten hours of it being on YouTube we were
over thirty thousand died walk backwards
can you get up in that top area now or
is it just not going to happen
almost jack that's the way to do it
though oh shit
apparently there's this area though like
get the thing good the thing oh there's
the thing over later right what was that
you missed a thing well I know I was I
was wondering what that thing was that's
the exit that's the
what do you think you tried nope could
just be a visual fluff I don't know it's
hard to say
nope what what was wrong with spider-man
homecoming well I'm not gonna talk about
spoilers just yet while there might be
some minor issues I have with it in
general I really loved it so yeah me too
well yeah we can get in it we'll get
into that later in the stream we'll sit
we'll do one of those you know from now
on you know talk spoilers yeah but
that'll be later that'll be later in the
stream
gobbly gook says looks rich read
question mark go for the eyes boom I was
an adventurer like you then I took an
arrow in the knee
that wasn't came from the moon it's time
to kick ass shoot bubblegum and I'm all
out of gum there's a number of things
they wanted me to read those are those
are fine those are all fine things just
to say and read oh it was an adventure
like a Laura took an arrow to the night
Oh see look you're you're a natural
video game voice actor was it come from
the moon a dead
that's a moon wizard it's one of them
that's one of the na moon wizards
hello secrets
hello secrets
nope rich Evans the Troy Baker of video
games rather than being Kenny Baker a
video games what nice fine
nice gonna live yeah but it's I know I
know
oh there we go did it I did it
okay so yeah the the interesting thing
about the twitch YouTube experiment so
like obviously the numbers are super
less on twitch because we don't have as
big of a fan base and of course you know
this episode came out much later because
we didn't even start playing the game
until well after it was out yeah so you
know like this is just one this is just
kind of one Pete you know like one
sample right
there's gotta be more to this I'll get
up there quicker to get up that top area
be my guess I think so
we know it's too late they're not unique
you all right give me give me give me
yeah yeah I think you're gonna I got a
grab on to the side and do one of those
super dupe jump sync you are absolutely
correct
Oh Jack you almost had it I was at it
the one positive I'm the one positive oh
I will note as I much prefer the twitch
chat oh that should have had it maybe
I'm wrong if there's nothing up there
but that's too suspicious Jack right can
you get up there even earlier you seem
like you're waiting before it comes down
and screen a bit well you know like if
you if you jumped oh good kills you well
oh no you'd smell his spikes yeah now
I'm just messing up
like you need some fall momentum before
you can oh yeah yeah yeah I'm just
waiting now I'm just waiting a little
bit
ah boom Oh what is that
that's cart oh that's one of them of our
video games how do you do this how do
you get oh the clouds oh I messed up
I think there's another secret down
there but get the cart first
and
encases momentum
yeah play it on your home console nice I
think I see tiny spikes down there those
friend up here though
probably rich the ghost friend rich what
video game adaptation of a movie do you
want to play Super Mario Brothers yeah
tell me that wouldn't be trippy what
video game adaptation of a movie do you
want to play Super Mario Brothers you
want to play a game based off of the
movie yes Mario Brothers I love it
with John Leguizamo and Bob Hoskins I
love it
so like 3d action game not like a Mario
game
shit
that'd be great I love it oh my god
richest Mario and Jack is Luigi the
world makes so much sense now physically
cooks it's kind of true Jack stall and
earnest and I'm fat kind of a jerk
Mario is kind of a jerk I mean compared
to Luigi absolutely absolutely
this jerk who gets all the credit back
oh so oh you know what I'm almost done
talking about twitch and stuff
it's witch versus YouTube I like to be
twitch chats a lot more than then I
prefer than the youtube comment system
yeah because the twitch chat is like
they kept on calling it like
asymmetrical or or no a asynchronous
chat okay where what if you type
something in chat while you're watching
a video it shows up at that point in the
video so like 15 minutes in oh that's
when I noticed it is you were talking
about unbalanced multiplayer in that
quote yeah what is that called when it's
like unbalanced multiplayer and in the
chat people are people are saying um
asymmetrical multiply and I was like oh
oh they knew the answer to that oh great
like you know without having to scroll
through the comment the comment showed
up when it needed interesting
interesting and so I really liked the
live chat feel so you leave a comment as
the video plays and it saves that it
saves the timestamp when you leave to
comment and it pops up a timestamp huh
and I really enjoyed that about the
video you know twitch has some shit oh
shit the twitch player has some issues
for me
nope nope nope so how the hell are you
supposed to get that one it's a great
question I don't know I mean I don't
even have a theoretical way to do it I
have to like jump from you have to stay
on this big thing you know and get it
from underneath yeah
that yeah you did it you fill the
possible moment
ha ha ha so in any case the the
experiments yielded some nope you know
there's some interesting results you
know part of which we knew already which
is we have a much larger fan base on
YouTube yep which obviously that's the
case but there's some room here for
experimentation and I think for at least
the time being I'm going to try to time
being I'm going to try to time being I'm
going to try to time being I'm going to
try

[B] do a a similar thing where we release
like a day early
yeah twitch just for all of our twitch
subscribers and people seem to genuinely
enjoy watching it they're taking me to
one on that first one
no no margin for error jack I noticed
that it's not not a very forgiving game
I noticed that and anonymous says has
anyone really been far even as dedicated
to use even go want to do look more like
wow anonymous says rich just wanted to
say fine craftsmanship on the new wheel
that thing that things is beautiful
I give it 18 months before Mike's
sensitive place that might be fun right
right someone has to mod this if it has
your character yo oh fuck when you die I
lobbied for it mildly I knew I knew it
would never work because you died too
often right and so like every time you
die you hear rich go oh fuck oh fuck oh
fuck oh fuck that would get old
incredible and ER stand up
I've done this already look at that
Oh Oh you know what I remember this one
but I did it wrong
Hey
area
but I still do it wrong you sealed it
around you got to get up there
Oh
anonymous says Jack Jack what are your
favorite after effect after effects
plugins and scripts
oh so many that I use constantly plugins
plugins and scripts plugins and scripts
you know mocha import is kind of like
the obvious answer because for a lot of
things I do I use mocha and mocha is a
planar tracker so it can you know like
that's how you stick stuff on to other
stuff and make it look realistic mm-hmm
is you
rich when you did the voice overs they
give you wines or you got some room for
improvisation also we tweaked we were we
were given that leeway yeah there's also
some alternate takes that I don't know
if we're used or not but you need
patience strats now go back out see this
is where you're going wrong we don't
have the patience trance I have no
patience I think actually was that what
you were trying to do no I I was trying
to like trigger them all go back and
jump them all up I want but you just
needed to trigger the last one is what
you needed yeah if you look at the
during that during that little intro
section where rich starts blowing on the
game to fix it yeah that was an improv
yep fairly easy one yeah so yeah here's
now how you can go back a guy first how
do you play the card is that back end oh
yeah I think I can do that now oh yeah
I hire over 300 300 must be blood dead
must be fresh feed be yeah okay we can
play more - man look surprisingly like
the normal game a lot of ways I know
you're okay with that
huh you're okay with that that one
that's not gonna drive you nuts if you
look I only have eight lives and so I'm
I'm going to be okay with it because I
just wanted to kind of see the end of it
sometimes you gotta yeah see this is
what I was worried about
noop noop noop
rich I'm curious as to what your
thoughts are on deism and people who say
well there has to be some sort of
creator I disagree with them but it's a
free country and they can believe
whatever they want look it's it's less
obnoxious then this is my Scripture and
my beliefs and you have to follow my
beliefs it's far less annoying than that
it's not really annoying at all actually
deism I don't care what is the ism you
just wanna but we don't believe in any
specific faith like a Christian I'm a
Muslim just as a god this is this
creative it's very it's extremely vague
all right I believe that's something
that's deism okay okay supposedly a lot
of the founding fathers fall into that
category I have heard sure I have heard
that Thomas Jefferson had his own
version of the Bible with anything
supernatural kind of edited out of it he
does that's yeah that's a real thing
that's a real thing the that is actually
there is a you game there is there is
question on whether you know like a lot
of people take that as
a lot of people take that as the fact
that he was not a Christian though other
things point to the fact that he was a
pretty devout Christian he just oh the
camera yeah but he also subscribed to
the separation of church and state so he
actually created the game so even though
he was a Christian yes that he he
advocated for keeping religion out of
American politics so much so that that's
what led to his creation of the but
because he's also like a believer that
the Bible brought him morality yeah and
so he's like well what if we can do that
without all the hocus pocus yeah just
the stories yeah but he was a devout
Christian a lot of people confuse that
Bible for the fact that he wasn't a
Christian but I still think it's it's
interesting that he did that because he
was such a strong believer in the
separation of church and state which
I've I owe a blow which I think is the
big takeaway but a that's just me
fuck you fuck you
gobbledegook says fuck you that's not
what God look exact you got access I am
considering spending $2,000 on a
Kickstarter project for a Russian game
company to make an in-game creature for
me in their game is this a sound
investment no rich what animal would you
choose and a human I would choose a
human right as far as whether that's how
how reliable do these Russian dev seem
never have they done anything else you
want to make sure you're eventually
gonna get something out of your money
and when you say it's gonna be an
in-game creature like how does that
resemble you then how about you know I
think he's gonna name it after you
that's an important question I think I
didn't try to make it look like you've
been given monster horns they're gonna
they're probably gonna do it as quickly
and cheaply as possible which means
taking a pre-existing monster giving it
a funny hat and naming a gobbledy sore
ah the gobble to soar
classic gobbledy sore
I've balanced I read your previous tip I
said all of the things I read that one
and I got you got another one coming up
but well I'll get I'll get to that one
Joerg abundance is rich just launch the
latest we live the summer how does it
feel to be the Robert Oppenheimer of
internet-based movie review shows did
you have your destroyer of worlds moment
yet well see when the wheel actually
destroys a world until then it's all
theoretical
cheese or tomato sauce for your
breadsticks breadsticks can be just fine
plain but I would I'm probably given the
two choices take cheese don't you get
like cheese sticks and then dunk them in
the tomato sauce no like a marinara no
we're getting cheese sticks I don't need
the murder that's just a distraction
from the things and that are good sure
obviously you need to get hooked on that
nail of course or get hooked on phonics
Reading Is Fundamental you're doing it
jack you're doing it oh look at that bud
be that friend or foe oh they're gonna
make you do it twice they're gonna make
you do it twice what I mean first time
you're gonna brush up against that rock
to disintegrate it and then you're gonna
have to go through to actually get
through to your left
oh I see you know what there's a hook on
that one there is a hook yeah yeah I
missed that
take it easy take it easy nope it's
alright I'm sorry I'm sorry
oh fuck the hell fuck
we can do this gobbledygook says Kappa
gooks I received a recommendation from
Amazon to buy the US Constitution a
graphic novel a graphic novel are you
familiar with this are any of your fans
familiar tell me your thoughts and
reactions to this please I'm funny I you
know what I have in my house is the the
graphic novelization of the book of
Genesis by by our crumb oh yeah well
that's that's got to be sarcastic as
hell then no no it's a very literal like
translation see see a belief or event
insane no horrible man no no he's not a
believer he just felt like doing it he's
he's an insane person
oh yeah and so he fuck you it's just
something he felt like doing and so he
tried to make it as accurate as possible
and it's beautiful it's just it's just
something you slide against the left
side on your way down oh my god you
totally saved you step sometimes rich
are you familiar with the brick
Testament the brick the brick Testament
I am not familiar with somebody somebody
did the kind of like a graphical novel a
graphic novel version of the Bible okay
with Legos that's great uh-huh it's the
most adorable thing
that's it that's it
tell we get for that one of us one of us
gobble gobble gobble
what's that from what's that from No
one of us one of it's from something and
I don't remember what yeah what's that
from one of us one of us gobble gobble
go freaks okay
freaks wait the movie about a freak show
or no is that freak show
now freaks freaks is the movie about the
sideshow freak yeah with the one who
wasn't Keanu Reeves from Bill & Ted's
Excellent Adventure what's his fucking
name yeah yeah the blond one the blond
one that guy that guy Alex winter thank
you Oh way that's freaked that's that's
freaked I don't know which one freaks is
that freaks is the old black and white
about like the actual sideshow freak
yeah okay okay that that sounds right I
think I think on stream Jay and I had
the exact same misunderstanding but
opposite where he was talking about the
Alex winter movie and I was talking
about the black and white wait when did
this happen with what this happened on
stream like
come on fuck you game freak's is the one
from 1932 yeah yes this is one of the
creators of Super Meat Boy yes this is
the Macmillan Edmund who did art
direction for Super Meat Boy and Tommy
were faint refines is the guy who did I
hate these trampolines like you have to
hit the jump button at just the right
time can you hold the jump button now oh
my god you can just hold the jump off
because I don't remember having a lot of
problems with that oh I've had so many
problems with that so yeah Edmund did
our direction and I think he did some
level design too and then Tommy refines
did programming fuck you this is Edmund
and Tyler I'm going to forget his last
name Tyler something
and then Tyler's worked with Edmond
before another step I believe
but watch me not know Kevin TGB says
just wanted to thank you guys for the
great content over the years humor is a
special gift and rlm helped me in eight
the rlm helped me in tough times
thank you thank you question what for
you guys is your greatest joys in this
work rlm or prereq I enjoy filling best
of the worst
that's the month watch some movies with
your friends and makes jokes that's
equally the most fun because I don't
have to edit that yeah I'm sure Jam Mike
Brown we hate it right
Oh
like I loved previously recorded and I
love just you know I have an excuse to
play video games for work Jack you're a
super meatboy fan right
I am super me but how does this game
stack up it's different is what it is
the though the secrets the secrets are
need like the hidden pathways that are
all over the place and that's that's the
thing where it's like the see you cannot
beat and in full fare I'll fuck you in
full fairness this game does not beat
these super tight controls of Super Meat
Boy
Super Meat Boy controls like no other
platformer I have played it's amazing
and the you know the wall slide of Super
Meat Boy is something out of this world
but the exploration just the and and and
the demanding the punishing accuracy of
this game is something very different
Super Meat Boy has a little wiggle room
as far as getting through level this
this is deadly accurate so yeah they're
just slightly different games in the
same genre that looks like the
speedrunning strata
right there right
I've done it before
nonsense
what do you think of the Mandela effect
the phenomenon where it's discovered
that a well-known fact has apparently
changed for a large group of people
eg remembering Berenstein bears as Baron
Stein berenstain bears is Berenstein or
Stein or however I I think the Mandela
effect is people with very organic and
and unreliable brains freaking out and
not wanting to believe it when that
brain has inaccurate information that
you know there is some there is some
debate on whether the Mandela effect is
a real phenomenon Baron Baron lap yeah I
looked into this after we had our
conversation you believe that all people
have memories from an alternate reality
that's the Mandela effect are you
thinking of something else
the Minette the Mandela effect his
people wholeheartedly remembering
something from the past that didn't
exist but the Mandela
what happened differently or happened
differently but there was something what
what did I see on the Mandela fact that
that was like even like the way people
think of the Mandela effect is actually
wrong there was a thing out of night now
yeah yeah and you know what I won't say
anything more on it because I don't
remember because I don't remember her
ironically enough where it's like
there's no effect and it's just like
people who are mistaken like but that's
not what the magic what I said no but
that's not what that's not what the
Mandela effect is though the Mandela
effect isn't people being mistaken no
it's people believing they're not
mistaken because reality has changed
around them this is this is some this is
some nut old talk the Mandela affected I
believe it has its roots and some kind
of new agey website sure well most
people remember Nelson Mandela dying in
prison so therefore that must be what
really happened and the spiritual
alignment caused us to be in a different
dimension or have its memories from a
different dimension
that's the Mandela effect and it's just
people miss remembering shit right
people can't even find their fucking car
keys Berenstain is fairly uncommon name
Berenstein less so it's not a shock a
lot of people think it was the
Berenstein bears the berenstain bears
right you know right after you and I you
and I had a conversation about the
Mandela effect during the filming of our
during the filming of our demolition man
review mm-hmm and right afterwards I
started looking into the Mandela fact
cuz I had never heard of it before then
and I remember coming across something
that's like people are even
misinterpreting what the Mandela effect
is shet I've remembered as Berenstein
bears that's how I remembered it but I
can acknowledge that my brain isn't a
perfect machine that remembers
everything with 100% clarity right
fuck fuck
just like the Thomas festival yeah I was
100% sure that was in samurai cop I was
sure it was positive well to be fair
that was a you know got similar actors
you got similar situations fuck you game
you can do it I can do it I can do it I
can't do it
not amis sense what is your favorite
sketch comedy show of all time
kids an all 90 Python the kids in the
hall might be second cousin oh that's
that's my Samson
cuz in the hall is it alright I mean
there's then there's a ton of great
sketch comedy shows I hate the world
right now Saturday Night Live was good
in the Phil Hartman years Phil Hartman
and Dana Carvey before he was joke
Michael Myers sure sure
Chris Farley Mike Myers Mike Myers
Michael Myers as a whole yeah I know I
know I know
though he's probably called Michael and
it's entirely accurate to call him
Michael Myers that's not what he goes by
yes I mean but if you say Michael Myers
a lot of people laugh wouldn't you love
to see him on Saturday Night Live
Michael Myers you know I think he would
be a kind of dry you know I think there
is there's a lot of good from a lot of
seasons only recently something funny
about rich Evans when was it when the
Canadians were over yeah we spent a
large amount of time just watching
Lonely Island sketches from Saturday
Night Live because you had never seen
them before and obviously for a very
long time those digital shorts are what
made Saturday Night Live worth watching
are you should try and go under it
instead of over it that hasn't worked in
the past now you tried yeah but what has
worked is if I jump and go around to the
left right now and then get here and
then get here oh you did a check Oh can
you make it up over like over over now
that you don't have to worry about
collecting the tumor and there's no
pressure I can't imagine that I can jump
that high but we'll give it a give her a
shot
no I can't do that
Gallagher says last night I saw the
house with Amy Poehler great movie if
you like Parks and Rec and Casino and
painful attempts at SNL coming for the
flick
I saw a trailer for Hugh Jackman as PT
Barnum clown review question mark dollar
sign dollar sign why a clown review meet
a review of clown no a clown reviewing a
movie about a famous circus P yeah yeah
rich rich rich rich

[C] 

[D] 

[E] 
