Episode 820
The End is ToNIGHt (Part 2)
August 10, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9NL1ZFijffw
___________________________________________

all right what's wrong why aren't you
plumbing
oh good I was worried for a second it
didn't say oh yeah hey JP v / JP vs. the
world that's what I will say is that
they share stylistic elements they are
they are but you have to concede that
they are here's the thing they're
similar should Batman and spider-man
music be sharing stylistic aspects
[Music]
both or well if you're gonna ask me what
theme is more appropriate for what a
hero I think it's actually I think it's
more like iconic music aside that that
theme is probably more appropriate for
spider-man because it's a little more
play it's also kind of gothic and
soulful that's more like the meat of the
difference comes in it because like that
theme is so predominant in Batman and
Batman's like the Gothic elements really
come come to the front where because
they those elements are background
spider-man it makes a little more sense
what that thing I watch the thing
women do and get only you know one think
I know how to do how about you quit
being a scrub in theater
[Music]
let's see here comeback seen 120 says
hey guys just wanted to say hey and just
got Friday the 13th and I love it yeah
but it is very good yeah I review was
honest literally that was 45 minutes of
us talking as all the thing let's play
sometimes cool ok welcome back soon yeah
you know our steamed friends list is
usually pretty full but we will see if
we can get you in there Jack please play
more I will try it I like that is the
game that I want to play that is the
game that I want to play
[Music]
Oh Oh which way what needs to be done
money - banana I'll tab me over there
even it's like bored of us window you
just move over definitely oh yeah
okay the you you turned the jest upon
you I turned it back down though maybe
not as far down as it was I got there we
go there you go okay
Friday 13th review is 20 minutes of 20
minutes of Jason kills there was a lot
well because that was the that's a cool
part of the the game in the movies way
better okay great I pay attention to you
guys in chat when you tell me stuff
let's see here where was I did you just
call me blob says hey guys
cockadoodledoo anyone who has seen the
fantastic new best of the worst will
know what that means you should pitch
the Stalin a plan as the basis of the
next Planet of the Apes reboot now on a
plan is an actual thing what is this
solemn eight play he wanted to breed a
woman with a chimpanzee to create a
hybrid man monkey army what he tried to
cross me breed trick chimps or some kind
of ape and humans this is a real thing
supposedly that's incredible that's nuts
that's nuts
or brilliant that's Stalin Jack he was
thinking outside the box the points for
creativity I guess come on Jane the men
just fend it off a fucking Nazi invasion
he had shit in his plate and then and
then it comes to the pitch meeting and
all he's got his monkey man stronger
than a human not quite as bright and all
the gun pointing shoot works for bananas
oh yeah yeah James head Oh friend James
it says hey guys I just jumped online
did you notice that Jack laughs twice in
the streaming audio in the intro of the
game whoopsie
Jack what how could you the intro of the
game we didn't edit together we gave
that the head there were some bits there
were some bits that you know we edited
like the the like the okay all of the
cutscenes we edited together but the
intro bit where were Ash is playing the
video game the audio for the cutscene
specifically yeah the audio for the
cutscene you know it was a little
nebulous and it was a little freeform
and so I just gave all of that audio
over to Edmund to edit so that's on him
that's I'm throwing him right under the
bus is I guess what I'm saying yes nice
jump
but now I want to replay the intro just
to hear me laugh let's see here I edited
that out of the trailer but it popped
back into the game
oh well there you go pass the buck
absolutely I'll pass the buck oh hey we
recorded that specifically for the intro
for the for the trailer yep the trailer
[Laughter]
yeah you already got that one why I came
back cuz I had to go around to get a
solo
oh yeah yeah collect all the things
great great
well James thanks for getting that out
of the trailer we appreciate that
alright where where we anonymous says
hey guys great night for new game rich
Evans yes that is my name you've gotten
that correct sir
so the real on all our brains so the
real on all our brains I'm with you so
far so the the I'm just reading because
it's a little off kilter the Rios sorry
the wheat real question on all our brain
is what does jack in the wack pack think
of this
I must profess this talk acting is real
a plus is the game plant former I'm
going to assume English as your seventh
language
yeah I'll give you the benefit of the
doubt there I have no idea what you're
asking I think they want to know what
you think of this cuz you're the meat
boy guy I have okay I know and I like
this this it's it's very different than
meatboy though is what and and by
different I mean a fuck ton more hard
I've been enjoying it you might be
asking of what I thought about rich
Evans is voice acting which I was here
to record and it's terrible but I think
that about everything I do right I was
here to record and and I think it works
great you know we got you know you know
what I'll say the difference between
this and Meat Boy knows yeah
Meat Boy is definitely more reflux e
right yes this is more puzzling oh yeah
there you go
how do I get over there right how do I
get to that tumor yeah meat boy Meat Boy
is all twitch yeah pretty fundamental
difference I think let your feet let
your fingers be your guts and go with me
boy this yeah this is let's actually
look at the level for a little bit I can
maybe I can bounce off of a dam nope oh
wow you jumped right into that cuz it
was dumb yeah cuz yeah well there you go
well there you go dr. Smoketree says hey
guys
update on my legal battle lawyer is
working on an offer but I'll probably
have to do 30 days in local jail
weekends and a few years probation
thanks for the distraction from reality
I think dr. smoke trees had a drug
violation yeah that's that much out
there I don't know Harold no they said
that last time
all right that's a bet and no offense to
dr. smoke trees but your name is dr. mow
trees so I don't want it like jump to a
conclusion but I think that's a I think
that's a and I want to say last tip they
said that's what they said
doctor's no creasing yeah I'm sorry man
like you know well both rich and I I
believe agree wholeheartedly on the
legalization yeah of that and so that's
a bum rap man that's a bum rap
I had a buddy once we have to do that
whole like weekends in jail fans that's
weird I didn't know that was a thing oh
yeah yeah it's a it's a very real thing
and it's it's almost it's it's kind of
like a form of house arrest yeah whereas
today you got to come in and check in
and spend your weekends here but they do
that so you know you can like still have
a job and stuff it's kinda it's like
half jail like yeah I did something bad
but it's not that bad so just like half
jail what I think about half jail
let's see you're now who says how much
do I need to tip you guys to play
geoguessr on stream $500 do we want to
know what geoguessr is first it's
probably a smartphone
Oh God don't fuck up now though I fucked
up now
let's explore the world what is this
[Music]
what is this I don't know
can't say that well I'm doing something
else that expect me to know what you're
talking about
[Music]
okay so what happens is oh man I'm not
even close what happens is you get a
random Google Maps Street View a
completely random Google Maps Street
View so you know you can look 360
degrees around you yeah at a location
and you have to guess where in the world
it is huh five hundred dollars I all
agree it doesn't seem like that would
hold our interest for that long
nope what I wanted to make sure before
we agreed to play it is like it didn't
like start you off at your location oh
you know lean add tu-144 has an
important question that I actually I
would like an answer to rich do you like
anything about the same rating spider
babies I don't hate them I'm nowhere
near in love with them I don't know the
first half of the first ones fun oh all
of the like discovery power yeah yeah
power stuff sure sure and then I kind of
check out told me the wire sucks the
music sucks Sam Raimi's got a fine style
it's not spider-man it's not what I
think of you know and and I I will
defend the Sam Raimi spider-man news I
think they're fine movies I will say as
soon as the Green Goblin gets in his
outfit yeah it's over you know it gets a
little I roll a they made a did you see
like the prototype for yeah for like the
the mask like the creature man yes that
would've been an awesome that would have
been amazing tell me where so was sucked
up well I think Toby did a fine job
he's blahs help he did he did the job he
was supposed to do no he didn't because
spider-man like his personality those
jokes yeah he was a happy-go-lucky nerd
that's the I'm a nerd did you know I'm a
nerd uh he was that's what he was
playing it's great let's see here
crocodile brain says hey guys have to be
honest I ended up returning the Friday
the 13th on PC as I was killed by
expletive spewing fuckheads my very
first run as Jason yeah I think it's
just more fun to watch you guys play
that's totally fair crocodile brain it
there's not a lot of variety the user
base kind of sucks and it's glitchy as
hell there are many reasons not to like
Friday the 13th the game obviously like
it works for rich and I and you know but
it's totally understandable if it
doesn't work for you totally
understandable
oh that's fine that that would time here
right that's true like team throw Lord
says Andrew Garfield wasn't Peter Parker
me because that wasn't in her right
well Andrew Garfield was like the
opposite end of the spectrum
Tommy Maguire was a stock nerd yeah he
was a stereotypical nerd he was I don't
know an Andrew Garfield was just a
mannequin with cool hair Tom Holland is
an awkward nerdy kid Tom Howard nails it
yes he is Tom Holland is great no I
haven't I haven't seen any of Neil
Blomkamp's new shorts have you seen
anything else on YouTube I haven't seen
a lot of things in my life yeah
I said we've been streaming for three
hours is this going into being a six
hour stream no three hours
has it been that long gosh we've been
three of screaming about three hours
let's see here uh dildo not or Dylan not
DeLong this is Jack since you like
Silicon Valley and video editing I think
you'll enjoyed the 90s rom-com parody
trailer Sleepless in Silicon Valley that
I cut where did you go that I cut
together last week tweeting it at you
now okay I'll check it out I will check
that out this time it's lupus says hey
guys no spoilers just watch the new
wheel Episode one of the funniest I have
seen use $20 - thank you for all the
lakhs
you've given me and those to come yeah
the way the wheel came out right before
we started streaming cuz you know cuz
that's just that's just going to be a
running gag now I'm more upset be good
like I wasn't there for that episode and
I just kind of want to see it and now I
have to wait to
yep
like epic Jason I will I will 100%
defend the Sam Raimi's spider-man films
I think they were for the time they were
the best we had and if were the only you
had huh they were the only you had and
they also set the bar for superhero
movies look they're not nowhere near as
bad as the amazing spider-man chill oh
right well those are garbage right and
up until spider-man homecoming
spider-man 2 was the best example of the
spider-man comics on film as it dealt
more with Peter Parker's personal life
and you know like the struggle of being
spider-man versus being Peter Parker
then Spiderman homecoming came around
and knocks it out of the fucking Park
yeah
but spider-man 2 I think is a fantastic
movie even though there are some logic
flaws visa vie the whole losing his
powers because he doesn't want to be
spider-man of spider-man 2 but in any
case
I made Doc Ock not a villain yes they
made he was actually a good guy he can't
help it they made him complex they gave
him a Baxter wasn't that really nice to
get to know your villain before he
turned into a villain cuz motives for
being evil are the accident happened
it's not my fault just something wrong
with my brain
that's his motivation yeah well that's
not really his mother his motivate his
motivation is the inhibitor unlocks his
ego right okay okay he's a villain
because he he was right my experiment
would have worked my experiment must
have worked while all my calculations
were correct it was spider-man I mean
the the arms unlocked that part of his
brain but you know he was an interesting
villain because we knew who he was
before he was a bad guy the same could
be said about spider-man
without giving away any spoilers is the
kind of understood the care
is there a quick fall button is that
what this yeah no dog boy we're not
doing spider-man spoilers yet we will in
just a little bit we're just about
hitting that point where we're ready for
spider-man spoilers but we're gonna get
a few get through a few more tips first
and then we will go full on spider-man
homecoming talk
let's see where are we crane head crisis
hey here's some money even though rich
doesn't need it since he's getting those
sweet the end is nigh royalty checks
absolutely absolutely
brown Adam Sandler says as a brown
jokester I too appreciated the big sick
in that vein is there any smaller movie
that you're excited about I'm excited to
see lucky or Logan lucky son Berg's
redneck Ocean's eleven movie that looks
interesting that looks interesting you
know and there's still a ton of smaller
movies that I need to catch up on I'm
trying to think there's that ghost story
one that's supposed to be interesting
with a guy like in the in the Sheep oh
oh you can just break through that
oh I think you can talk to the other guy
one of them Willoughby and probably by
now right what if it was one of them was
like 30 the first one we saw was 300 I
think right
well I was number four go to the menu go
to the map menu or wait right here right
here as well
a ghost story and it's Casey Affleck
okay I heard good thing about it I heard
good things about it I don't you know I
don't know fuck that
what I got fuck
I know is that a thing over there look
on the other side of that where the
bottom bullet hitch what is that thing I
don't even know if it is a thing no it's
not anything
oh oh oh there's a secret they're rich
that's a breakable block you have to get
out secrets oh there's no we're just you
know we're very lucky we have a couple
we have three solid independent movie
theaters in Milwaukee we have we have
the Oriental the Avalon and the land
Mara the downer so we have three pretty
solid independent movie theaters here in
Milwaukee none of them are too far away
we get we get spoiled sometimes we don't
get all the all the independent movies
but we get enough
[Music]
we get enough but yeah big six this is
not easy
this does not look this does not look
easy big sake you need it you need it
you need two hours of just to get
absorbed in someone else's life you go
onto the big stick can't recommend met
him how do I have to wait until December
to play this on my switch oh I'm sorry I
didn't know it would take that long
fine what I'm sorry that's kind of the
game that was the big joke in my
gameplay trailer is that he died yeah it
was cute I like that yeah that was that
was the bit I thought of him facing back
- OH
what what wait so did you make it I
should have uh-oh we got glitch
something happen
there you go
okay you can deal with this Jack I'm so
sorry
I can't even listen whenever you're done
we can just we can stop and start
talking about spider-man Oh
oh good a little warp area now you can
yeah we can see what the bit what we can
see what happens if we give the big guy
tumors no I understand oh no the other
guy if you go to arid flats and head
right I think there's a big guy
relatively relatively simple rah
remember it no he's
[Music]
I'm excited for valerian I don't know
how many other people aren't but I'm
excited for it
luc besson valerian in the city of a
thousand planets
valina no I would not be surprised if
valerian bombed hard though apparently I
was reading an article about it it was
made for a shockingly small budget no
yeah for all of these special effects
and and what not and shockingly snob
like nope
areas epic the love hmm
you reek of sadness please poke your
head into the future
Why What
somehow what I have no idea I love that
they all follow you though that is the
creepiest thing I've seen there's got to
be a
oh there now it found do you oh did you
see the bouncy one Falls so you just got
to hurry up see that Oh speed thing yeah
I'm not ready for this I'm not I'm not
ready for this okay Nico : X I'm in LA
check out
dico dico Kuya in Little Tokyo the best
bowl of ramen you ever had it's at least
an hour wait for a table but there's
tons of shops and sites while you weigh
that that's great ijuin place here in
town that I was frankly rather
disappointed with so disappointing
noodles disappointing brah you don't
like ramen it's all that's that's it
like the broth infuses everything and
and I got like this the standard pork
ramen and the noodles were all right and
the pork was really good but for some
reason the boy the broth was oh that was
amazing rich thank you thank you the the
broth was ultra bland so
let's see here Johnny nihilist says have
you guys ever watched the games done
quick charity speedruns I watch their
latest for the first time this year was
amazing watching SNES glitches
exploitation for super metroid and zelda
uh yeah yeah well sometimes they're
really fun if they require a lot of
skill to get like like I've said it
Yoshi's Island playthrough where they
weren't glitching much they were just
playing exceptionally good bouncing
those eggs and then I watched dark souls
run where they just glitched themselves
out of bound and ran past half the game
yep yeah one of these two things is much
more interesting to watch than the other
that was my problem like I watched you
the Battletoads one and I thought to
myself Battletoads oh man how do they
fucking beat like level three yeah so
like I wanted to watch that but they
just they they there was like there's
hidden warp zones that they got into
yeah so then I was just like oh you just
go past it I'll never mind this isn't
interesting at all that's not what game
they're not all like that
but but I I'm down for the the ones that
take scale and precision and all that
form of jazz
[Music]
hey rich and Jack will be our LM crew
signed my own copy of the room I'll mail
it if needed and contact get in touch
with red letter media contacts yeah
there's one that's a question for my
team two contacts at red letter media
dot-com
it's a strange request why would you
want us to sign that we've never even
talked about the room that's true
and tell me why so II like does live
events all the time so and you should
get I've got a copy signed by him yeah
yeah you should just go to one of his
live events or I'm sure he has a male
thing yeah there's no point doing the
first part till I get some practice
doing this right agreed
many video games would be interested in
seeing being adapted into a movie I know
I don't know if I gotta choose they give
me a Metroid movie give me give me give
me a Metroid game you know or you know
what even better
give me a Metroid movie and then a game
based on the movie but yeah badass
bounty hunter in space lasers and
Dragons and well yeah laughs on second
okay got through there once I'm sure the
second time will be very easy you can do
it rich
no I got and you have to catch it on the
way down I'm so sorry
here's how you do it here's how you make
a metroid movie work I see some people
saying the Metroid movie won't work you
have to make it in the style of Dredd
we're following the classic NES version
of Metroid Samus is a silent and badass
bounty hunter for the entire movie only
to be revealed at the end to be a woman
a Metroid movie in the style of Dredd I
can't even do a simple part anymore
that's how you make a decent metro to
make it about the action naked about
exploring maybe she's leading a team -
you call it Metroid you just call it
Samus woo good person I'll just take the
character and then you're not limited to
yen this base hunting all these wild
animals sure you can have characters
then doing things that's a good college
Samus you know she's leading she's a
bounty hunter and she got hired to lead
a team of scientists into the unknown to
study these weird creatures and you know
lots of exploring lots of tense action
scenes and then at the end after she
survives maybe with someone it was like
some of the scientists she takes off her
helmet and her blonde hair flows out and
the audience goes yeah we knew that
already - no yeah no franchise but yeah
that's neat it's still me yeah exactly I
could be less oh no she's a woman and
more we just you never see a damn face
until the end right right
that's how you make the metros new earth
scientists studying the chozo exactly
and you know you get you get a big-name
actress you get a big-name actress for
approximately four hours worth of work
yes Sammis and she she spends the movie
just hunting down criminals regular old
criminals and then the teaser after the
end is just a scientist I've discovered
this thing so it's just her hunting sir
yes science fiction action film unlike
an alien world with buildings and and
her hunting space pirate yeah yeah the
Pirates
all right that's the way to go - that's
the way to go - it would have to be in
like the caves though right does it give
it give me give me a visually
interesting setting not just someone
running around caves for two hours just
shit about the plot of Metroid I suppose
it has to be then it could be both I
suppose maybe the Pirates are have a
have a tunnel system underneath the cool
futuristic city and showdowns in the
ruins yeah yeah all right
I could be down with that - is everyone
telling me I'm nuts
I'm sure they're telling us we're both
nuts
oh no actually they're saying Samus
versus space virus would be great yeah
keep it really light on the dialogue oh
that was so close right in there that
little lovin
you're yeah they're saying we both are
nuts do you need to see your face though
no no we get we met maybe glimpses of it
like I'm not the one who needs to see
this is a movie okay I'm just saying I
don't and my two cents if it's gonna be
one if I got it in that's what I'm
saying if I got to choose one I want I
want a sci-fi space adventure that's why
I'm excited for valerian and the planet
of thousands planet cities maybe you
know we see some some of her face
through the goggles but no you do the
classic helmet reveal right that was
such a story back in the day Samus was a
girl so stay true you stay true to that
I think it really saw uncharted movie
and everyone would be trying to play it
on the ps4 all confused wow this game is
great I haven't had to touch the
controller in two hours
[Music]
you can do it you can do it you can do
it you can do it you can do it I can do
it
hey let's do this but don't rush that
stuff watch this don't rush this
what does everyone think of doom fist I
think it looks neat I'm excited for you
know another character it's always just
another excuse to kind of get into the
game I've been I've been out of the loop
because I've been playing so much Friday
the 13th and that's gonna be my big
question is like do I want to play more
Friday the 13th yes yes I do that's
that's been scratching my multiplayer
itch recently Oh Jim face has faced a
new overwatch character yeah and he's
interesting because he's a lot of
punching a lot a lot of movement but you
know there's Friday the 13th what I need
overwatch for right now until that gets
boring to me that's him yet right
everything like you still get that one
game where you fucking nailed it you get
out you escape and you did some good
work yet
you drove backwards circles around Oh
Jason and yeah let's see here crane a
hand of Christ says do you guys have any
opinion on james rolfe the Angry Video
Game Nerd I really I'm sorry we do not
I'm not against the man nope I've seen a
couple of his things I wasn't terribly
into it does he even do this chick
anymore I have no IDE that I have I
don't even know her she's just james
rolfe now I don't even know if he still
makes videos that is how little I know
about James Robert
well I was not easy
you did it rich what do we get
I think you get denial as the new line
see what I need to do uh-huh uh-huh no
it's just Kenya oh sweet jeebus crisp
all the way back here really yeah look
you have zero lives this is this is yeah
this is before this is the punishment
one
well fall so does movie reviews now and
music reviews as well oh great
am I gonna watch the Inhumans TV show I
will be Gras I'll watch at least the
pilot begrudgingly it looks awful it
looks cheap as all fuck I am NOT looking
forward to it I'm not super hyped a
little hyped they announced casting for
squirrel girl squirrel girl is going to
be part of freeform TVs New Mutants is
that the show New Mutants and you ever
seen those AT&T; commercials with the
lady in them she's Squirrel Girl I don't
know what
oh the the wait no I don't know where
she's talking about New Warriors Thank
You New Warriors they got the they got
the girl from the AT&T; commercials
everybody loved her she's just she's a
very cute girl what eight what aim tea
tea and tea for their eighteen t
commercials and this girl was in a
mansion
AT&T; commercials for many many many
years she was the girl in the AT&T;
commercials but that's all I got man
then you got nothing
she has a great but she better have a
great but if she's gonna be Squirrel
Girl that is literally part of her
shtick
all right so we're gonna talk about
spider-man yeah we're gonna throw sighs
fireman
[Music]
okay that's squirrel think I know she is
that's squirrel thank you for the
picture of squirrel girl that's squirrel
girl oh she's on Silicon Valley -
exactly
most people probably know her from the
APD commercials nope never mind never
mind
I got caught on the thing and I didn't
want to fuck up
oh you had to hit a switch now what now
what jump up there right like that what
a spike that was a spike yes like that
is that more Squirrel Girl pictures
that's not her
that's just pornography you're just
sending me pornography I mean I I
appreciate it or DOM is in this but I
don't think that's her I don't think
that was a picture of the same lady but
thank you for the pornography but oh no
what going through there reset the
switch switch and obviously like that we
have no we have no we have no anything
from New Warriors yet but cloak and
dagger on freeform TV formerly ABC
Family looks like it has a mild budget
and so I'm hoping new warriors ABC
Family changed its name for no good
reason and now everybody's confused
yeah well it's freeform now yeah
freeform freeform
is the dumb name well I think it doesn't
have the connotation of if ABC Family
Kitty stuff on ABC Family Thor that
they're rebranding for the teen market I
believe you're fine you're fine
add quote that's not her that's just
pornography you've sent me pornography
are you sending me more are you just
sending me more pornography that's
another picture of her miss Walker
okay she's she looks adorable and those
18 t commercials and in Silicon Valley
she's she's funny howdy how do you even
do that oh you got a hang on the side
one two three
James yes I do like wall someone asked
me about books Alec I do like wall I
really like whoa it might be my favorite
book it's a very good book hey you know
favorite is so is so nebulous like the
first the first like novel I ever read
like the first book I've really got into
is this book called the ear the eye and
the arm by Nancy farmer the ear the eye
and the esophagus yeah it's about it's
about Norwegian folk singers
no the ear the eye and the arm is is a
it's got a similar rhythm to the which
lion in the wardrobe that was like that
was like the first big book I really
read and
[Music]
like my family wasn't was it was never
like big readers and so like that was
the book fuck farm right and so like
that was the book that got me into
reading the ear the eye and the arm by
Nancy farmer and it's it's like a team
you know like I read it in in like the
fifth grade or sixth grade you know so
it's like a teen book about a group of
kids that get lost in futuristic Africa
and I thought it was really neat
but of course Jack likes wool everybody
likes wool brain is God wool is a great
book get right out of town
get right in right out of the world
favorite album I can tell you the album
that I can't stop listening to right now
which is in an album it's a mixtape it's
chants the rapper's coloring book
mixtape and I cannot stop listening to
it I have tried to listen to other
things and I can't stop it's so fucking
good
what book the book I read as a kid was
the ear the eye and the arm the book
that I loved always probably not in my
favorite book but a very good book is
called a wool
wool if you are into sci-fi wool needs
to be on your reading lists it's
fantastic it's a great book if you are
into sci-fi dystopian thingies it's as
small as is one of the best books I've
read in recent memory yeah soon as
Richards done with this whenever rich is
done we will talk about spider please
we're talking about you oh yeah they
caught up with tips oh wait we have one
more note we have two more and then we
will then we will talk about spider-man
pan drew says hey guys I was looking at
graphic novel adaptations of Star Wars
films on comiXology when I discovered
that the ones for the prequels were
marked legends guess they're not canon
after all great and jumpluff says how do
you guys feel about boba milk tea do you
even know what bubble milk tea is really
there's not gonna be the name of the new
boba fett in the last Jedi
I have no idea what that is
great neither do i okay so heads up
everyone we are now initiating
spider-man homecoming spoiler talk rich
and I will chat about spider-man
homecoming with no filter and no regard
for whether or not you have seen it that
is going to happen in just a moment if
you are leaving you know thanks for
coming we really appreciate it
yep initiate the spider-man protocol bye
everybody bye bye though I like that
Chuck's text spoilers he does whatever a
spider can that's good I like that okay
here's what I'm surprised that I watched
your half in the bag on ya just because
you know generally I like to in case
like if I don't have a conversation with
you in person like oh yeah what are the
guys think about it
here's something I'm shocked at and Lisa
felt the same way I am shocked that you
guys were shocked that Michael Keaton
was Liz Allen's father you didn't you
didn't see that coming what was the hint
the hint were when the goons were at the
school the goons were at the school and
we're tracking the the radiation though
and do you remember what they said no
they were tracking the radiation and one
of the goons goes oh man I can't believe
we're here we can't tell the boss I
don't remember that specific line it was
something it was something to that I
just I can't believe we're here we
better make sure you know the boss
doesn't find out or whatever it is right
it made that from I made that homecoming
scene really fun though that whole twist
oh I mean it was it was wonderfully
acted but I saw that twist coming from a
mile away
and it was great you've made it really
personal and then by the way just the
fact that he put it together like I love
ya because he's not an idiot oh man
the whole movie is without a doubt the
best adaptation of the spider-man comics
we have gotten in a movie yes and and
that is nothing but a compliment the
downside to the movie are the action
scenes are kind of weak there are non
epic action scenes for a hero who is not
doing epic things he's fighting gun
runner's and it's all about it doesn't
that doesn't matter at all to me in fact
it's a fine thing because it's all about
the character that's what's important
and I guess that like I agree with you
while also saying that that's something
that kind of bummed me out I agree they
want the blue laser huh did you want the
guys no no I don't want the blue laser
the timer for the bomb that's gonna turn
the city into lizards oh jesus fucking
christ no no whoa you know me I'm a big
fan of when action scenes can help theme
with the story a little artistic
representation you know to kind of give
a little extra to normal action scenes
and there just wasn't much of that which
is fine I'm not saying that ruined the
movie or even made the movie bad that's
just a downside that I can think of you
know how could you don't like that
Washington Monument see that's a fine
action scene that's a fine action scene
no all the action scenes were fine
action scenes you know crawling around
on the invisible airplane at the end
even the simple like fighting with the
Avenger like the fake Avengers in the in
the in the bank or at ATM yeah fine
action sequences the the one action
sequence that goes above and beyond is
the Washington Monument yeah because
these stakes are so well set up and it
that's the only one that comes close to
theming with with
with the story which is like you know
being like juggling being spider-man and
being Peter Parker and I know like yeah
going to the field trip and like saving
his friends and like be like being with
his friends is what saves them even at
spider-man so it's like like the theming
is kind like the arty-farty bullshit
that I love in fight scenes which might
be a contradiction to some people but
90% of the reason I love that movie
though is Tom Holland is perfect as
spider-man and it's all about him being
awkward you know Peter Parker's personal
life ship yep it's it's a true
spider-man movie absolutely I will agree
with you on that hundred percent and you
know what from-from frame one of the
movie Peter Parker's little vlog yeah
his little vlog of the for the Civil War
recap tonally set up his character right
away you knew everything you needed to
know about Peter Parker with his dorky
little vlog and I love that I love that
by the way no what do you think what do
you think about Peter Parker's first
appearance in the Marvel Cinematic
Universe
that he was heard about this he had the
Iron Man mask on in Iron Man 2 they they
have retconned
Iron Man 2 that kid that kid and I are
meant to that he's got the Iron Man mask
on and the robots in front of him at
he's he's pretending his Iron Man he's
trying to shoot at the robot then Tony
Stark swoops in and should throw up up
behind him the kid think he did it
that kid is now retro actively Peter
Parker because the ages line up in Peter
Parker is a science nerd so he would
want to go to the science X yep yep
I'm gonna expound on this okay never
worst parents like that were his parents
died
I mean people died definitely is that
how this is gonna come up in the next
homecoming well then won't be called
homecoming this side like a prom or
whatever the fuck they gonna call it I
arrived oh my god Tony my parents were
killed on the night I first met you by
the way that would really like you know
cuz the whole the whole thing is about
like Tony as a father figure right right
and that would really drive that home to
a little wicked extent like it was you
you know it was literally your
technology that killed my parents
you know I like I like Aunt May and all
but you know I would have liked my
parents do a grumpy bad you know that
was rich that was rich no these are
ovulation yeah we besides even if it
wasn't we warned you spoilers oh yeah no
that's all speculation that that well no
he's a trump got the stark god his
parents killed oh that no that part is
pure speculation your speculation hey
something's you see you can do in a
sequel though yeah yeah that could add a
little a little character umph to it
that could definitely drive Tony a
little more insane you know Tony's
already got some big fuck-ups under his
belt
you know roadies paralyzed that whole
ultram fuck up
and he got all the people imprisoned a
lot of people are mad at him what else
what do you people want to know oh right
away what are we gonna talk about that
we haven't heard elsewhere just how I
just have good spell man yeah something
that you brought up to me at the movie
theater was something that I don't know
if we want to go right into that yeah
oh well yeah I mean I'm just trying to
think of stuff to talk about like before
then we can just talk about how great
Karen is the you know you know voice
Karen jennifer connelly yep yeah
jennifer connelly making her triumphant
return to the Marvel Universe first she
was a lecturer then is that whole movie
canon which one was that incredible or
was that in the I forgot which one she
was in oh my god and you know what I'm
thinking of Jennifer Garner Jennifer
Gardner is Elektra Jennifer Connelly
that is not canon no Jennifer Connelly
in her triumphant return to the Marvel
Universe no Jennifer Gardner was Elektra
Jennifer Connelly was Bruce banners love
interests in Hulk it was incredible
I know just just just Hulk yeah but but
that is now no longer canon okay The
Incredible Hulk is canon
she's Betty that's right she hasn't any
elk film
I think the superior Hulk film -
incredible
I prefer angley's - incredible I've
never seen angley's yeah yeah you might
not like it it's a little over the top
the ending is super weird and there's a
lot bad about it
but I prefer the weirdness to how bland
oh I prefer the weirdness to how bland
The Incredible Hulk is so oh my god
angly does like he makes edits in comic
panel style really yeah and I could see
I could see why someone wouldn't like it
but I think it's interesting enough to
uh to prefer over the Incredible Hulk
which I thought was just really bland
[Music]
right poor Hulk if I made out with
Jennifer Connelly I'd want it to be
canon I have issues with Peters
motivations to be spider-man in the
right and so you know the whole movie is
is by the way before we get into that
another thing I really enjoyed that the
Marvel movies are very good at like the
good Marvel movie yeah are weaving in
the meta commentary of the actual movie
into the plot of the movie for example
the first Avengers movie was this big
risk
can we take characters from different
movies and mush them together and will
people buy that and that was the
meta-narrative or that was the plot of
the whole movies can the Avengers work
together as a team right Iron Man 3
everyone was saying now after the
spectacle of the Avengers can they go
back to just being in their own regular
movies and then Iron Man 3 the plot is
dealing with the aftermath of the
Avengers I loved that I loved weaving in
the thing that people are already
thinking about and so like what everyone
is thinking is how is Spider Man going
to live up to these already established
movies yeah that is basically the plot
his Peter Parker wants nothing more than
to be an Avenger
he wants to spider-man wants to be in
the Avengers right it worked
no I didn't I haven't complained because
it totally works for this movie right
but in in general doesn't it diminish
him as a character his motivations for
wanting to be a superhero I don't know
he's trying to please Tony Stark as
opposed to this horrible tragedy that
happened and this valuable life lesson
that Peter Parker learned and
unfortunately unfortunately there's no
way I can be even a little bit objective
about this because of course we know
what happened I think if if you've
watched all the Marvel movies like if
you watched Civil War and you're a Peter
Parker's little thing with Tony Stark
about they're like I have to rewatch
that if you remember like Tony Stark is
talking with Peter and it's like why you
here if you're going to join my team
give me the rundown and Peter Parker has
this very small but poignant spiel about
like when you have this power and the
bad things happen and you could have
stopped them then it's almost like you
made them happen sepia-toned Uncle Ben
death we've got a long way I think but
maybe I'm wrong and I'm really wrong no
no no no I you know I like I agree with
you like the wait wasn't there but I
also don't think this was the movie for
the wait like they they kind of
referenced it in the movie mm-hmm
like that's why and then the vaguest
reference to something bad that happened
and that's why he had made was and it
doesn't seem to bother Peter all that
much right but he's also a dumb teenager
right like I that's something that
bothered him so much he's willing to
risk his life on a daily basis right I
like what I'm saying is I I agree with
you that I don't I don't know I I think
no matter what the right call was for it
not to be in there sure you don't want
to do the origin three times on screen
right no I mean what that's yeah it's oh
shit no no I you got there in your check
yeah why didn't I I didn't look far
enough ahead yeah sepia tone scene would
not have been helpful to the overall
tone I have one other issue with this
movie okay which I still like overall
because the character is so delightful
he's fantastic
what's Peter's arc what the fuck is his
arc in this movie what is the lesson he
learns that he recklessly goes around
attacking you know the vulture a
dangerous supervillain yeah Tony Stark
says you're not you're not ready for
that kid you know and so he gets the
suit taken away yeah and then he proves
himself by recklessly going after the
powerful super villain that Tony Stark
does
want him to go after only now it's good
well because he did it he did a good
thing so he does the exact same shit he
was doing earlier in the movie he's won
nothing
no see he that that's he wasn't doing
the exact same shit he was doing earlier
in the movie wasn't what was different
earlier in the movie he was so concerned
with pleasing the Avengers yeah right
yeah that you know he would he would do
whatever they told him to do he listened
like that that was the very start of the
movie and he was really bored by that
then he tries to strike out and fails
them with the boat collapse right uh-huh
uhm and--but like basically it was a big
humility arc him getting crushed it
sounded like he faces the vaulter yeah
and he's not thinking about anything so
in an act of humility he learns that he
can do it all on his own no in the act
of humility he understands the weight of
the matter and remember the whole time
they're trying to get ahold of Tony
Stark and happy to warn them they've
ruined the wait huh the wait my favorite
my favorite moment from the classic
comic books and if there's there's no
purpose to it here it's just a big thing
that's on top of them yeah oh yeah
before it was the burden of his
responsibilities and living up to it now
it's just well I got a dude for stuck I
have you know yeah it was just a heavy
thing that felt well and that that was
part of my complaint about the action
sequences is there was no there was no
artsy fartsy narrative to the action
sequence mhm and like that that's the
thing like like in the comics when he's
holding up the giant thing and you know
like Ori or even in spider-man 2 like
and you know he's saving their Jane and
revealing himself but uh
no ok so so what's his art right yeah
what is what is what is his art what
does he need to learn
he's trying at the beginning of the
movie he he doesn't care about his
friends at all yeah he doesn't even care
about like being a superhero and so he
ditches his friends at the prom that's
the lesson he learns I'm talking through
it he ditches them at the prom for a
purpose nothing I'm talking through it
I'm trying you know what every time
trying to figure it out you're right
there on the surface there doesn't seem
to be in our mm-hmm so the movie starts
with Peter not really even caring about
being a superhero he doesn't even seem
to care about helping people right yes
cuz they've lost the great power and
responsibility right and I'm gonna say
this is a situation like that's a major
fuckin aspect of the character and it's
tragic that that's missing yet I still
like Tom Holland I'm gonna say this is
similar to my liking Ben Affleck does
Batman act like as Batman okay even
though he's straight-up murdering people
that's the writings fault not the
acting's fault
sure all right I can hear that okay so
that's the that's the Peter Parker we
know yeah he doesn't care about his
friends he's ditching his
responsibilities because he wants to be
he wants to be spider-man but he doesn't
understand what being spider-man means
okay I'm not sure what it means after
watching the movie at the end yeah I'm
not sure what that means what being
spider-man means yeah he helped the
billionaire keep a good small chunk of
his billions well no he kept weapons out
of the hands of criminals right sure
that's sure we may be needed to see a
little bit more of the consequences of
that somebody did somebody needed to get
hurt by one of those weapons well we saw
we saw his local sandwich shop get
demolished
we needed we needed to see somebody go
to the hospital or a body bag being
zipped up not admit not a character we
know just innocent just complete
bystander I don't know that would have
been deep it's a sandwich guy left in a
body bag that would have a deep man that
would've been too close huh you know you
don't want to ruin you want to ruin the
tone in movie sure it doesn't need to be
anybody we really met before just normal
citizens just so we get the stakes sure
but don't we get that with the boat like
don't we get that with like people
almost dying not when the reason that
happened is because spider-man fucked up
by attacking the vulture the message I
get out of there is Peter Parker's not
ready for this yet not not these weapons
need to be taken off the street and I
get the messages let the adults handle
it but I think that's that's the moral
of the story okay is at the end he goes
through all this by the skin of his
teeth and he gets offered a position as
an Avenger yes the thing he's wanted the
whole movie but he understands that he's
not ready yet yeah and yeah and that's
the character all right it's not
necessarily a satisfying character art
because yeah he's a fuckup and he now he
just says okay yes I am a fuckup the
characters fun things he does you're fun
and people interacts but that's fun to
watch yeah agreed
the movie works for that reason yeah
okay oh yeah
[Music]
thank God he got I got that listen and
by the way it's not a very clear
character arc which is why I needed to
talk through it a little bit but yes
with a the lesson that Peter Parker
learned was that he was indeed and not
ready he did not come he a neighbor a
neighborhood hero a street-level hero
and it took him you know personal
sacrifice like yet he had fucking
lizallen sweet ass Biddy she's leaving
now it took him some sacrifice what does
the chat have to say about all this
they're they're upset that it took us
that long to get there first character
are fun they're upset and take us that
long to figure it out yeah I'm not sure
it's that that clear in the movie well
then that's why it that's why I needed
to go through the steps cuz it wasn't
that clear in the movie I agree with you
the character arc thing is just
something to check out in a script no
it's nice to have your characters grow
and do something and learn a lesson in a
movie like this well I'm complaining
about this I still love the movie of
course of course
yeah
mmm close we can talk about that the
Michelle that that nan revelation that
important it didn't matter all that yeah
that's a person we know in the comics
all right
she was great first of all she was great
what would it matter whether or not we
found out she was MJ no she was a great
character she was a great character I
loved her every time and Gina she just
found her way into every single scene
and that was one of my favorite running
gags I'm spider-man just she was there
she didn't necessarily care but you know
you knew she did and you know if she's
going to be like a love interest or
they're like the MJ of this like that's
fine she'll be great
I'm sure there's a whole lot of people
yeah who are used to Kirsten Dunst as
pseudo Gwen Mary Jane sure aka she's
really Gwen Stacy they're gonna be upset
at the betrayal I think I think I think
the public thinks of Mary Jane as
Kirsten Dunst who even though they
called her Mary Jane she was basically
playing that as me did she was written
as Gwen Stacy just the sweet girl next
door that's not Mary Jane Mary Jane was
Mary James the wild child the party girl
the independent streak woman yeah yeah
yeah she didn't if she didn't
necessarily wanna hang out with Peter oh
I'm going to the party you coming with
her she was she was Veronica in the
Betty Veronica diner no she no I love
because you're absolutely right
I think and I left because you're making
Archie references cuz honestly I'm
making art see right from references
that's what Stanley did right Gwen and
Mary Jane are a fuckin straight-up
ripoff of Betty and Veronica a
straight-up ripoff yeah sweet girl next
door versus
kind of kind of bitchy free-spirited
wild she'll know so in that in that
sense this MJ would be closer to the
comics MJ where she's a free spirit she
does what she wants yeah yeah no I'm
like I it's it's just it's just not a
big deal less than a bitch though huh
less of a bitch though who this Mary
Jane I don't know she was kind of kunti
and I liked it mostly because it was
funny I see that a lot of people like
talking about like all of the supporting
cast but I thought they were great flash
was a giant dickhead and that was
perfect
Ned which is not a character from the
original comic set and that is actually
characters oh you wouldn't know it
reading our comments on the half of the
bag video but with the character in the
comic books not that Ned actually liked
that Ned yes Ned is a character from the
original spider-man comic books net Ned
leads in the comic books he was an adult
reporter rival of Peters right
does that sound anything like the net in
this movie know that the net in the
movie was actually a character donkey
from ultimately I am completely not
familiar right but no he's like Miles
Morales Miles Morales his best friend is
a chubby Asian smart talking dude called
GaN Kili okay that's net okay okay you
know so they took what work today or
they liked that in the ultimate
spider-man series having you know miles
giving miles someone to talk right right
yeah well no Ned
isn't like in there in the Ultimate
Comics his name is conky or gang or
whatever his name is if you look at a
side by side picture of Ned from
spider-man homecoming and gang Keely you
would assume they were the same
character so so it's just medley maybe
this is Nedley yeah but uh but that's
what we talk about all the time about
like the comics being workshops for the
movies yeah is it like yeah you know
what we'll take a little bit of this
from ultimate spider-man we'll take a
little bit of this from Miles Morales
spider-man would take a little bit of
this from classic spider-man great
everyone's great voltar
what a fantastic villain yeah and I love
the look of them yeah they're hold as
soon as you can ever hope to do the
vulture oh fuck right you look great
their whole evil scheme made so much
sense yeah OOP tried something different
didn't work fuck do I do this
you just get you got to jump you have to
go on the right side of that blocking
jump right away yeah I mean of course
Michael Keaton was great I like that
almost doesn't need to be said because
he's Michael Keaton yeah and he's the
greatest at whatever he feels like doing
but now he had good depth and just that
that fucking kitchen scene where Peter
Parker knows that he's the bad guy and
you can just see Tom Holland not know
what to do that might have been one of
the realest moments we have a villain I
was kind of like I would almost ruining
for Roger a what every day working
shamash love gets screwed over live and
land legitimately got screwed yep
the heinous shit he was stealing he
feels is rightfully his he had the legal
salvage license
he's stealing in his head he's just
stealing his own shit right oh yeah and
they'll make sense to him and that's you
know the best kind of villain is the
ones that you can almost empathize with
there's just a good guy so Peter out at
the end right love that the other person
he kills us on accident but that was a
great scene right right he doesn't seem
to care too much but yeah oh my god
you're right yeah
no she's
Jesus fuck Ridge you're doing it all
right what's the tramp what's the Tramp
there's a tramp right that's the trapper
the trapper just spikes above the moving
platform right nailed it nailed it all
this is so gonna fuck me so we have
three villains for sinister six now who
will the other three be right like that
little scorpion homage at the end those
needs it was earlier than that you know
one of the people he was selling arms to
on the boat was calm Mac Gargan that was
him that was him
oh that's how a guy's arm broke he was
on the buck he was on the boat you tell
about for fucking a half a second it was
on the boat right right
I caught that oh nice
I'm done can we be done man talk yeah
that was him in jail like the scorpion
tattoo on his neck that would have been
that that was that was great
and yeah you already have all the tech
and the the tinkerer yeah was that was
the guy making all the tech for him and
so like he'll come back I'm sure he was
never captured I I didn't call him out
during the review because Mike and Jay
would have just been confused the
tinkerer yeah yeah well and it's a
really dumb name as a classic villain
it's the first villain he's a classic
million but you know he's the first if
you tell him I can J like oh yeah that
was the tinkerer they would just make
pee jokes there's a if there's a trivia
question who's the first super villain
Peter Parker fought it's the Tigger well
there you go let's oh yeah that's oh
that's a great question what do you
think about Aunt May find a gonna pee in
there oh that's fine hmm that's the
they're taking their cues from the
ultimate spider-man comic book with that
mm-hmm
yeah a lot of a lot of this movie felt
very ultimate spider-man and I'm
absolutely okay with that yeah because I
really enjoyed this one ultimate
spider-man was still good well we're
praising the movie aren't we I thought
that was this soon right yeah I think I
think that's a that's a compliment
i I love it that Aunt May was not was
not frail old Aunt May there's nothing
wrong with perfectly normal and maybe
honest that just makes sense
she's an aunt not a grandmom especially
when Peter Parker's only 15 right what
the fuck was was she 30 what her sister
was born but that happens sometimes
that happens sometimes 40 no and I liked
Merstham it wasn't a big part of the
movie but she did all right she's
everything I thought they leaned into
the you have a hot aunt joke a little
too hard once they did it a few times a
bunch of his friends made joke like she
got like free food at the oh yeah yeah
like but I mean it's fine also Marisa
Tomei is incredibly attractive so like
I'm gonna be okay with it it's simply a
different take on character oh no I just
like I thought they just did that joke a
little too hard is all I'm saying but
I'm gonna be okay with him whatever
think about the end fight you thought it
was a little CG vomit was adequate it
wasn't this movie was not about the set
pieces which is what I liked about it
right Peter Parker spider-man is the
highlight of the film not the CGI puke
fest fight right and and I don't even
think it was a few fist fight there like
it was a perfectly fine fight
oh you chickened out rich
no I didn't shuttle go you pulled back
do you guys have something against the
original amazing spider-man comics no
why would I know they're fine what makes
you think I have something against those
comics what did I say that would give
you that impression the old day may come
in but listen that's how she was written
it's fine it worked for those comics
I prefer younger Aunt May because I
never much cared for the for the whole
life
I could tell you when oh sorry finisher
time I never I never cared for the idea
that like we need to keep it from Aunt
May because she's so frail you know I
never liked that so that was it I I love
those classic did Co issue so much when
I was a kid uh-huh young young fifteen
year old Peter Parker when I was around
15 I adored that shit sure sure
well my people keep trying to say that
the Sam Raimi movies are more like the
Ditko era more like the the ramita
senior era when when it got routine for
Stanley and ramita was doing his it was
beautiful but it was his soap opera of
romance comic art everyone was beautiful
and Peter was just kind of a
happy-go-lucky schmuck it's a bit more
vapid I think there's a fine argument
for there but like that Ditko Peter
Parker was a stock nerd that's literally
his shtick
so I would say they took a lot of cues
from Ditko Peter Parker wise all right
all right
no because no no no the hair service
works majorly different okay
Tobey Maguire spider-man's descanse I
can get this goofy grin on his face
it's the dick Oh spider-man look like he
was always on the verge of a nervous
fucking break down half the time half
the time half of those comics I end with
a panel of Peter Parker looking like
he's just about to fucking snap maybe
maybe that does not fit the rammy movies
fits - spider-man - that it's literally
a little breakdown
let's see here anonymous says rich once
said the amazing spider-man 2 movie was
the worst movie he's ever seen does
Richard still think this that's one of
the worst worse the worst movie I've
ever seen it's things yes
wait what we have one and a half and
best of the worst recently that was o DB
Cooper versus Bigfoot there you go is
the worst film I've ever seen there you
go that that that does indeed rival
things for the worst yeah if we can even
consider that a movie okay
that's the question is if DB Cooper
versus Bigfoot movie if DB Cooper is not
technically is that legally ruled as a
movie yes then the answer is things
correct you are correct
sorry stockboy yes we're in full
spiderman spoiler talk so if you don't
want spiderman spoilers don't listen
budget messiah says for the man who
hasn't read a spider-man comic in ten
years might i suggest getting Marvel
unlimited their digital comic archive
service which is running free for
30-days
I've got all my old back issue still or
if you have all your old back issues you
could also read them I do comiXology
unlimited that I which recently added a
bunch of back Marvel capital that's all
right forgot to count I'm sorry let's
see here
budget messiahs and uh when you have
Marvel unlimited check out superior
spider-man it follows the story of Doc
Ock after he does a body swap with Peter
Parker heard about and aspires to be the
titular character yeah I've heard about
it he replaces that weird zombie Peter
Parker after one more day that I don't
really know yep
yep let's see here
anonymous says who switched out the best
of the worst tapes and why is Ralph's
book sheer replacing Penelope Smith what
I mean switched out the tapes oh that's
in that and you knew what he was talking
about what do you want to see in future
spider-man movies no see what they bring
us hope hopefully they've learned the
correct lesson from spider-man home cone
which is doing very well at the box
office of course hopefully it does so
well where they say hey creative team
behind this team let's do it again all
right you know what I'd like to see in
the third movie if they're in the third
movie okay Peter Parker in his college
years he's growing up he starts wearing
the black suit not a symbiote alien
weird goo monster but just the black
version of the suit from the comics cuz
that's just a sweet fucking design as a
suit not as an alien symbian he's grown
up okay it's got a different suit that's
what I want to see in the by the third
movie like the the red and blue one
we'll just get fucked up and like a epic
battle with Doctor Octopus sure sure
he's gonna switch out at the end but now
he's it a little more grown-up and he
want something a little more badass
right right mmm mr. stark I want you to
make me something that looks like this
mr. stark will be long dead by then
yeah I'll be honest that I thought that
iron spider suit looks kind of weak yeah
but that was supposed to what it was
supposed to what I mean because he was
never going to wear that suit the suit
at the end of this yeah yeah that was a
fake out the first place that's not the
suit I'm talking about right no then
what are you talking about the suit that
he was that Tony Stark presented him and
I thought looked supervisor I thought
looked bad I by design the audience
we're not supposed to get attached to
that because Peter Parker is going to
turn that down the scriptwriter knows
that the people designing the costume
know that it's designed to be this gaudy
ugly thing oh that's the wrong call it's
designed to be a reference to Civil War
is really what it was designed to be why
is that it looks vaguely similar with a
spider symbol the net - what the the
iron spider costume from the Civil War
comics the Civil War comics not the
movie that thing they showed at the end
don't you remember
iron spiders all is all orange and gold
look at this look at the spider symbol
on the chest look at the design of that
spider symbol it's vaguely vague this
suit given to him by Tony Stark in the
comics that didn't look anything like
that see look up look it up look it up
know what rich said makes sense I think
that's the wrong call I think I I think
that was supposed to be something really
enticing and that would mean Peter
giving it up had extra weight maybe but
then the audience is just let down all
right I'm looking up iron spider-man
suit for homecoming
maybe a little more like it than I
originally thought
pause it and then bring up still from
iron spider costume I think they call it
I don't know
Civil War spider-man calm a little
you'll get the movie you can have to
look up iron spider probably iron spider
Comics the spider symbol look at it
spider symbol maybe a little more
similar than then we got dog I still
didn't what I still don't like the look
enough I still think that looks weak I
agree yeah I still think it looks weak
and I thought the right call would be to
make something that looks super
spectacular so when he gave it up we got
oh you know like like you know like gave
him something to lust after and he goes
no you know what I got I still got a lot
to learn the rich is right that the
symbol is similar the color scheme is a
little different but you know that's
fair oh my god Jack wants the audience
to be like that I I want yes I do no I
want Peter's decision to have a little
weight and obviously like us like that
being the big character arc that could
have been a big scene where like Peter
sees the suit maybe he goes to there's
like oh my god does this have this this
is so cool this you know what I got a
lot to learn still I'm gonna have to
ensure you know then you get that little
scene where where we we kind of know
what's happening Oh might you know you
get to the legs I've never much cared
for but if he had the legs gonna Oh are
these fully retractable blah blah and
having a pneumo somatic that was so
close rich oh yeah I called Liz Alan I
think Wade true true but although she's
not called Liz Alan I think it's
supposed to be her
in the movie she's lizallen right Liz
they never say to Liz Liz Toombs Adrian
Toomes is the vulture why am i why am i
hearing someone say Liz Allan because
they're all named all the kids are named
after his kids from the comics is just
like Liz Allan is so burnt into my brain
that I just I heard it I think the Liz
part is an intentional reference but
they don't give you a last name though
it's gotta be Toombs unless she's not
the biological daughter or if what if
what if it's hyphenated sure it's Toombs
Allen yeah apparently I had something I
missed
Betty Brant was the blonde girl doing
the news announcement I get it you know
they should have held back on that what
if they want to do some version of Jay
jonah Jameson right you get Betty Brent
then beta Wade yeah you didn't you
didn't you didn't even like to name
check every single rocking chair yeah
one of my absolute favorite scenes was
the deliberate poke at Batman during the
Prowler interrogation scene yes very
barbed jab oh oh yeah very pointed hey
is great and and Donald Glover it was
just amazing as the chill criminal as
the chill neighborhood criminal just
gone like what do you what are you doing
spider
and never get past their ham what are
you doing
that was super great I thought I thought
it was a little too on the nose
speaking of like every character being
in it when he was like my nephew lives
in this neighborhood because he's the
uncle of Miles Morales it was just like
you could have just said like my family
like he didn't have to like specifically
name check my nephew Miles Morales was
right around here oh that's right when
he was buying when he was buying guns
and he's like listen I just want to
stick someone up not send him back in
time like that's hilarious
he was great yeah and they're like we
got these like we got these pneumatic
gravity climbing gloves to climb the
Prowler huh yes fine I was cute is what
it was it was super cute and I liked it
he no no he never said miles he said my
nephew but to me that didn't sound like
something that a real person would say
yeah because obviously like if your
nephew lives here probably your brother
or sister goes right right so you would
probably say my brother lives over here
and he's got a family the rest of his
family died on the streets too right
right so just my nephew just my nephew
lives here them time guns be wiping him
out exist but yeah he just said like
that just seemed like a really awkward
and forced piece of dialogue when he
could have also just said I got family
around here and we still would have
gotten the same thing
that's miles is ongoing yes Hannibal
Brust as the PE coach was absolutely
brilliant yeah and I mean all like his
bit with the Captain America cameos
we're all hilarious
can I say how refreshing it is to have a
spider-man movie be funny oh god the
whole thing was funny yeah someone got
it so one of one of the six writers
understood that no it's great Captain
America cameos and I even liked how they
broke down their own internal logic
where Hannibal Bruce was like I was like
all right everybody you got to listen to
the speech you know I think he's like a
criminal now I forget he might be a film
but I still got to show you he's a war
criminal
exactly I think is it war criminal now
man right but I still got to show you
this which is true like at this point
Captain America is you know a criminal
in living in Wakanda
though but 70 yes you missed most of our
talk about spider-man homecoming I feel
like we are winding up here yeah so yes
you have missed most of it few more
decent attempts yeah at this we're just
trying to beat this level I'm just
trying to think of anything else meets
or not neat about the movie it just all
so refreshing that the main thrust of
the plot was him fucking up his social
life classic Peter Parker right classic
I got I got a date I got a date to the
prom but also I know where the bad guy
is and I got to stop the bad guy
dropping out of band dropping out of
quiz at mathletes whatever it was yeah
yeah the academic decathlon but the
ending of weaseling is way back in so he
can go fight the super villain over
great just great stuff I loved oh yeah
this hey spider guy do a backflip
because by the way that's exactly what
someone would do if they saw spider-man
shit man shit everything I can't go see
this movie again the car theft which
wasn't a car theft Oh everybody yelling
fucking classic Peter that was one of it
you know like one of my one of my
favorite runs of the ultimate spider-man
series was when he teams up with
Wolverine yep
in the early issues and Wolverine
basically just drags him around by the
nose and says everything you're doing is
wrong uh-huh you don't understand the
world and stop fucking up and I loved
that run it's just him trying to keep up
with a season
here oh and I thought they got that tone
so right it's great because vulture was
also a literal vulture feasting on the
scraps of Greater heroes and villains
absolutely absolutely there are some
good themes that man was totally in the
fucking right and it's a shame he had to
go to jail at the end of the movie that
is not true he was selling weapons
illegally let's let's say he was
stealing all that equipment and just
melting it down for scrap and selling
this crap then yeah I'm with it you know
what totally with you as it turns out he
was giving criminals dangerous weapons
they didn't hurt anybody with the
weapons they brought them the criminals
only fuck shit up when Spiderman
interfered they probably heard people
with the weapons we can assume that they
heard people with weapons like what
about a nice to have seen that I would
have been it would have been a little
nice to see that yes thank you all so
going back to it all with this whole
like you know it was fun to see Peter
like fuck up his social life for
super-hearing stuff it also would have
been nice to have a little more
understanding of why being a superhero
is so important - yeah yeah agree I
agree because yeah he was he was turning
down sweet-ass Liz Toombs to go stop a
super villain you don't wonder it say
her last name was Toombs yeah he was
turning down a pretty hot date to stop a
super villain and we don't you know and
we don't have that that big like thrusts
as big a thrust we have a little bit
sometimes a jack oh it's that was time
rich likes like very much time it's 11
we've been streaming for quite some I
think we've been streaming for five
hours alright so I'm going to say that
whenever you're ready I can be ready let
me just let me see so want to pass this
room again yeah that's our anonymous
says rich smashed a copy of Thundercats
and telepathic communication with
animals had Ralph basis-- Keys Return of
the King inside the case okay doesn't
seem like rich really notice nope nope
which one had I'm assuming it was a case
where the boxes were still downstairs at
the tapes were upstairs was that just
anything was shoved in the tape when we
film the episode because it wasn't going
to matter I'm with him no tapes oh shit
no I don't want to come down there yet I
don't know how long it's gonna beat it
feel it he's got feeling in your gut I
stopped looking consider when I get back
to that room the drone on the plane
Vitus even reminded me of the Green
Goblin glider
what's wrong what no no the plane blown
on the plane scene oh I don't remember
drone I don't know you're talking Rome
remember he sent a drone off as a dummy
sent through hardship I don't know I
don't I don't think that's a green
goblin nod though that just looked like
one of those standard like big nose
drones you know that was a clever look
the planes really going where it's
supposed to but it's not thing I made it
made it a heist inada mm-hmm brute force
I take a shit yeah it's great
it was great any and if people exhausted
their questions to us people are still
talking about it a little bit even
Spiderman had a drone that's true even
Spiderman animals fighter drunk rose are
the future it's true they're at world is
changing the world it's about time we
change with the boys about time
anonymous said at the reveal of Michael
Keaton's family
I said he's white out loud in the
theater is that terrible theater manners
do I suck that's terrible regular
manners but you know Liz was what I
would call a lighter skinned black
person and so it would make sense that
she would be of mixed race
as her mom had very dark skin and
Michael Keaton's white so it made sense
to me but yes that is also very bad
theater manners but also did bad manners
in general I was a shock huh it was a
shocked
exclamation that might not be the right
exclamation people chuckle does they
figure out whether or not you're wrong
[Laughter]
I'm gonna get there one more time and
that's it
didn't you yell in the theater jack when
you noticed I noticed rich I noticed
rich after the last the end credits
there's a mid credit sequence yeah
that's where you noticed me not not
during the interrogation scene I was
just I was laughing so hard at the
interrogation scene I didn't hear you I
laughed so hard through that fucking
scene maybe maybe I heard you a little
bit but no the time I really noticed you
because the interrogation scene is
hilarious when he's trying to do the
Batman voice but failing miserably no
the time and and you're like I I was
laughing so hard I didn't hear you there
I heard you at the end credits sequence
when Captain America comes on to say
that all these dead credits sequence are
really bullshit and you stayed around
for nothing
right right then I heard you and the
theater and that was the very end of the
movie in the theatre was mostly empty so
then I yelled at rich
all right that's it this is it okay all
right all right
I've done but but by the way it was
totally worth it waiting for that little
bit of copy yeah that was fun
what happened that meant you know like
the mid-credits scene didn't really like
the only purpose was that he's not gonna
tell people they kind of need to do but
like why haven't you made credit secret
it just made mulcher that much more
likable no great and it made sense you
know he saved the vulture again and he
save lives yeah there's a mutual respect
and self oh no pizza train 11 says I
hate to tell the developer but this
dream makes me never ever want to buy
this game oh it might not be for you
that's okay look I am NOT an expert
platformer this is more Jack's thing and
I played for the first you know three
hours
Tyler dwell that's his name Edmund and
Tyler made the game Tom Hollands
performance was great all over the place
yeah like he nailed it the writers
nailed it and the director it's a great
movie I really think it's a great movie
I can't wait I want to see it again I
rarely do that I want to see that again
I want to see that again in the theaters
I have a problem though hmm it's playing
in my local theater yeah I'm down the
street for me yeah in 3d I'm sorry only
3d only 3d the fuck's up with that my
local theater only has two screens cuz
it's an older so it only has two screens
is playing in 3d and so like I could
walk down the street and see it in 3d or
I could drive to the big yeah yeah and I
hate that you're fucked
I've sent them I've sent them an email
my local theatres have them offered 2d
glasses this has to be a technology that
exists right
there's gotta be a pair of those glasses
where both lenses are the same and you
can just view it normally yes I would
love that with maybe some diminished
colors because that's just the nature of
3d but I sent them an email letting them
know that once again I have chosen not
to patronize my lope might the theater
that is down the street from me so I can
go to a different theater to watch a
movie in 2d yep just say I'm just
letting you know as a customer I am NOT
going to your theater because of 3d so
if you think 3d movies bring your
theater you know but anyway alright this
is it this is the end of the this is the
end of the stream this is the part of
the stream in which we think all the
people who have subscribed to us during
this stream much like kecleon Gulf Coast
ghost Mick cosmic for twenty four
fucking months in a row macaws nick says
two years oh my god see any I couldn't
do it yeah yeah that's the only me it's
not for me to do that's not my place vx
135 13 months cirrhosis this plus one
year plus one month went by fast what
the fuck I have too much fun fine if
it's so much fun the time flies by
before you know you'll be an old man
just keep subscribing
oh wait that's a bad thing
girl hats keep subscribing just don't
have quite so much fun so you don't age
quicker so the time isn't fly
have a mild about fun but keep
subscribing oh god
Lindsay yo yo yo yo Paki 1 7 3 4 lies
and s says better time than a two-bit
whore we're better than a good video
yeah but in time that a to better we'll
take it I'll take it bleep odd hmm clone
27 27 for 16 months in a row says at one
point does the main character of the
game yell hey no no strangely enough
that was not in the script baby yeah go
wah wah baba baba yaga la la and I will
get that right one of these times for 19
months in a row and Baba Yaga Lala says
can't wait for the spider-man homecoming
spoil Atuk have a supporting character
ever brought down a movie for you guys
net did for me
oh man right she was fun that was great
he was he was that when Ned when Ned
yelled out to Liz that Peter new
spider-man I was told what the fuck are
you doing Ned fucking Ned but that's
exactly what a high schooler would do
and it made perfect sense that it was
great no fear no envy says now for 29
fucking once in a row first says Silas
game at another stream thought I was
crazy thinking the narrator was rich
Evans Congrats on your big break make a
big break rich salary 7 says thanks jack
for the tips on which hero I should play
with in overwatch you're welcome have a
good time playing the game Mandarin for
14 months in a row gotta get in there
and go getting the character for this
one race you do you do it takes a little
bit to find the voice do alright you got
it
I heard they're The Godfather 42 it's a
30 fucking month in a row
I'm not far forth with it after 30
months you had frost have come pretty
good a review a video game
thank you thank you thank you dis dat
720 two fucking months in a row the
fried pickled herring Blanc 47 says
seven months in and there's no end in
sight Z a game child UK he says 11
months ago I stopped being a cheap
bastard love you guys keep up the good
work
Chernobyl kinsmen 427 fucking months in
a row says have you paid your dues jack
have you paid your dues what dudes huh I
guess you haven't he has not paid his
dues what's a dues you don't know what
to do this I know what to do this I go
money like a Union to stay in the
organisation
yeah we're part of the the professional
streamer let's players union local two
two two two more boasts 1000 been
subscribing with Amazon Prime for ten
months now do you get a cut of my
subscription even though I'm not
actually paying anything yes we do more
bows which is the great part of Emma's
on Prime subscriptions you don't you
just have to click a button you don't
pay any extra money we get money it's
crazy there's wonderful things it's a
wonderful thing
cast Jane or cast Jill I'm not I'm not
sure what's going on there for the
pronunciation that's what I got I mean
either way you see three fucking
consonants in a row you don't know what
the fuck to do
see ass J maybe no that's that's cast
jaw or cast J sure right no Denso
Washington striker 11 21 for twenty six
fucking months in a row says I hear
Rich's voice in my dreams sometimes I do
yeah like after a long edit session like
if I'm really in it like I'm just look
rich you have to understand sometimes I
listen to you for like eight hours in a
row I'm so sorry
and then like I hit the BET I hit the
bed I start dreaming it's just rich
Evans in there I'm so sorry
you know that's why I mean that's why I
need so much vacation time where are we
the blue prism says nice work cool dudes
big v6 six nine one no escape hurlan
Merlin
brave cadet nerd smack cool trainer why
handy since I'm still gay was that
supposed to change did the conversion
therapy not work big shot there me sorry
for that offended anyone mr. Roberts
obviously not sorry enough not to say it
because I wouldn't oh I was hearing
something about kids who sometimes get
shipped off to these kind of Christian
emergency retreats like overseas and
they're they're basically kidnapped oh
yeah yeah no no there's no basically
about it yeah they are straight-up
kidnapped in a foreign country yeah no
way back
it's tough believe in Jesus or else if
they're not going home yeah Jesus yeah
some awful shit mister did you say mr.
rabbit mr. rabbit I just didn't know you
got to shout outs maybe but I don't know
it's fine or maybe one half ass one G
shots for thirty four fucking months in
a row and G shot says yes ain't right
what gotta say alright twitch is
changing oh sorry
twitch is changing
a new month is past my subscription
can't be canceled can he survive of
course he can thanks for all the great
streams rich loved the new wheel the
worst Daniele you that's which we knew
is gone twitch has changed it's already
changed and things are how they're going
to be now there's this thing called a
bit what the fuck's a bit the world is
ever changing so the fact that something
changed shouldn't be surprising or need
be stated it's been changing quite
rapidly really since the 1920s
ever since the Industrial Revolution the
rate of change is exponentially grown Oh
like that we're not so different you and
I because we both feel the same way
about chain krob for twenty six fucking
months in a row says it's being in games
the new playing games yes Audrey odd
tricks says to down tend to go JJ cheek
er for 18 months in a row ghek e 'g
anger v menopause says Studio Highland
puppet paradise alright miss a lot of
weird things they were yeah
miss hunky and miss conky says I'm only
here because my boyfriend lol fuck his
cock that's that's your job miss conky
we're not this like that and I'm doing
that shit you can't outsource that to us
don't leave how much
can I put a wig on him first that's a
weird thing man I'm young from behind in
a dark room for no money fuck his cock
oh fuck his cock oh yeah that's
everything changes everything don't park
Alex in the I sense there's not a
liberal prereq and a conservative prereq
there's the United States of prereq yes
boom glob of bread Bless America strike
a 95 the arc Mitter
424 fucking months in a roses what the
heck Frederick row I have multiple elves
but I can roll my arse really good
substitution roll lulululu
roll lavender lavender night
I think it's lavender dark night is that
all there is a dark in there land or
dark know it but see it's a Lavin dark
night oh my god they pushed it together
now I can understand why you stopped to
stir up this and analyze it perfectly to
confuse us Lavin dark night says late to
stream busy watching we love the worst
that's the fucking life it's fine you
can watch it later on the video
on-demand it's yeah get some money
appreciate now we're pretty that's fine
we appreciate you saying so but hey
thanks
hey everybody thanks for coming out I've
merged shouldn't need them