Episode 822
First time PUBGing (Part 1)
August 14, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TtIHnQ-ypp8
___________________________________________

although I didn't know if this works
they should go up maybe just never goes
there we go oh fuck everything all right
why don't you update chatty to let him
know what we're playing okay so this is
a player unknown battlegrounds is
actually something that a lot of you in
chat have recommended to us and wait
what is player unknown that their name
would be front and center I have no idea
who they're I have no idea who they are
but the other day yesterday I had a
little free time and I was watching some
strings yeah of people playing this game
and it seems right up our alley
all right much like Friday the 13th it's
it's a world in which a bunch of players
get dropped in the middle and you just
have to survive but but an unlike Friday
the 13th you have to survive against
everyone yeah but you're not starting
with the ground floor you're gonna get
fucked by players who know where all the
shit up is no everything's random
everything is random alright alright
sniping locations like building
locations everything everything
absolutely everything is random and so
it's just it's just a battle game is you
just get dropped on this island
everything is randomized and you just
have to survive and it's by the way I
play I've only played about 45 minutes
of it I got a chance to play 45 minutes
today and I think it's pretty alright
I'll tell you what so I figure we could
play that for a little bit today
huh from the geniuses who brought you I
don't know all right search is not
finding it later I know try just
battlegrounds I'm gonna get a shitload
of battlefields we're gonna pop up
well yeah but you might get it yeah you
stuff game you start to get all doing
this shit but you might get it okay well
I can I have that please
you know that and I want the fancy mouse
which is not plugged in it would help
really help if it was plugged in should
be poignant
rich I didn't take your shark
where's muchacha should be in the box
with this stuff it's right there where's
my did you take it person
use this part of it sure I know you want
your chuck it was under your hat
I did not there we go stream over I lost
my chuck streams over I got my chuck
it's fine now I have no clever clever
name the stream great who needs it okay
all right now we've got a rebind some
shit here see whiskers cuddles us can't
watch latest stream unless I get fired
today
but keep an eye out round November
December for the 10k donation if all
goes well I'll donate 10k maybe more
each to prereq and rlm but no buying VR
shit huh yep what what 10k deal is this
what was the deal with this this is so
funny with VR I have no idea what he's
talking about there was a 10k deal he's
saying keep an eye out for the
november/december for the 10k donation I
have no idea what that is I think was I
I don't remember okay or you know like
was it it might have been something I
thought was a joke but apparently wasn't
a joke or a joke we made that somebody
didn't know was a joke right oh is that
four four four or five headsets to play
Star Trek oh sure it could be that could
be
I heard he's fucking with us I just
didn't even remember what the hell he
was referencing is the problem yeah
load important sprint that says fuck no
it was project to remake hey hey hehehe
oh that's right that's right it was
$10,000 for a complete remake of hey hey
he he's a P pieces okay okay
which absolutely yeah absolutely that'll
happen and the updated version that last
game was so trash it signed me out of
twitch yep
[Music]
don't bother changing them you have to
it has to be assigned to something or
else you can't everything needs to be
assigned to something I air controls her
airplanes apparently there is I haven't
come across any yet but okay that'll be
it for now okay so you know you get your
character and you get some starting gear
I have no goods - OH
you know she even playing this is
character you use and already made well
yeah like that's this is the out of what
I have available this was the closest
representation to me I could come across
okay okay and so then you just you just
play like boom that's it and it's kind
of crazy you just get dropped into this
map alright and you got it you got a
figure shit out and it's it's kind of
crazy like there's there's a little mini
map but there's no radar so you have no
idea where anyone is you just have to
like listen and look for people and I
only got to play a couple Maps like I
said I got about 45 minutes in and it
was pretty fun unfortunately this is not
a game I can take with me on a trip to
play is there a group that you start
with eight players and you whittle down
or go coming in you start four from like
90 players okay and then you're you
whittle down yeah and then your map
after a certain number of minutes you
have to get within a certain zone it
shrinks yeah and if you don't get within
that certain zone like look there's 99
people right
97 and then after a certain while the
zone shrinks again and if you want to
stay alive you have to be within the
zone and then eventually you know you're
close to each other
so here you get to kind of indicate if
it's a kind of shoes where you drop look
at that piece of only can I get that
nature very easy buildings there so I
picture up here just to make
place to go hey sorry get ready god
not good yeah all right there you go
there you go tell you great I had this
way oh look there's like a little town
and a crater that's why I'm heading to
him Oh someone else is heading there too
you see that other guy yeah
oh and shit another guy god dammit this
is gonna be a show oh and another one
this is going to be a short round let's
see is there anything else yeah there's
a little house over there you don't want
to start too near people because whoever
finds a gun first basically wins if
you're near someone else you don't start
with a gun you don't start with any med
kit you don't start with anything okay
so it's just about finding what you can
there's this little house here and some
mmm and I'm a minha I don't believe
there is I don't believe there is a
stamina okay so there are 94 people
alive right now 94 people that you are
playing against okay so I'm trying to
get to this Shack before anyone else
does in hopes that it has some sort of
the goal is to whittle this down to one
to one
yep you need to be the Highlander close
the fucking door close the fucking door
so the smart strategy is to like do a
lot of waiting it out well is the smart
strategy is to find something here we go
like here's a gun yeah you have to find
something to protect yourself with so
it's like you want to wait it out you
want to not be near people but you also
want to explore there's a there's a risk
reward winners probably don't respects
pleura they probably find one good
weapon early kind of camp for a bit take
a few targets of opportunity
I already got the stretch jack I've
already got the strands you laid in
there and you shoot whoever walks in the
door yeah but if they have a better
weapon than me you get you get the drop
on him jack
you still they show up on like a radar
so no no they don't show up on the Ray
just wait the house do you shoot whoever
walks in the door you got 75 rounds
that's most of the people Oh what's he
looking I need to get to this circle
okay or else I'd lose so what is it this
way so the circle it doesn't it's not
always the center of the map right okay
that helps a lot yeah it's right it's
random circle shit I can't I was
figuring somewhere near the center no no
it's always random and then the circle
with him that will be random too
I gotta move I gotta move faster what's
the time huh
how long does it take to it'll give you
a warning it'll say like five minutes to
whatnot but you know it takes takes a
while again takes a while to get there
so yeah you can't just camp sure Oh
boots so what does the clothing do right
so Nestor I don't know what the
first-aid kit that's good I have no idea
so you don't know what the redzone is no
oh but I did get a comprar an SMG
compressor okay that's not gonna help me
yes I am intrigued oh here we go oh look
at this nice big gun hello this avoids
the clusterfuck of your normal look at
this I have one fucking bullet oh wait
there we go never mind now you have two
fucking bullets
not enough space Oh God I was like also
really important finding a backpack god
I can't use that and I only have two
bullets my backpack is incredibly
important cuz like right now I just
can't carry anything how long's this
been out oh wow
I think yeah but everyone
everyone knows what they're doing I
don't know that I would want to get in
on that oh shit what the fuck was that
okay I killed someone or someone killed
me
and also the controller was plugged in
in and vibrated and it scared the crap
out of me I died I died I died that's
scared to crap out of me
alright so that was around alright great
now we go again out it's early access
early access with people who've been
playing it for like half a year or
however long it's been yeah which sounds
like a miserable experience being the
newbie and in that crowd you just saw
how fast
yeah round can end yeah
you just saw how fat but you know what
the nice thing is the rounds I was like
okay I find another group go yeah yeah
hopefully there's some sort of
matchmaking I have no idea if there's
any sort of matchmaking but I hope but
so who is player unknown that their name
is like front and center google him
fucking Google a man
or else maybe they thought this game was
gonna be big so like fuck it let's put
our name on it
here what film is that the mouse that's
the mouse
all right let's see here let's hope
I'm assuming there would be an issue
with players teaming up oh sure I'd be a
group like a group of eight that play
this together would make things
miserable for everyone else there's a
lot of ways for this to go wrong oh yeah
yeah absolutely
but there's also the the hope is that
there's enough of that emergent gameplay
where you know
I want to try to drop someplace where no
one else is going to drop you know
there are teams in this game all right
you can do teams can you wait too long
to deploy the parachute I don't know oh
no no they did automatically deploys
after a while that would be great though
hey miles come in here nice farmhouse
here
nice farmhouse hopefully all to myself I
don't see anybody else around me that's
good no a nice town there my goal my
goal is to kill someone did did the
mission zones the the smaller zones that
pop up too fast I don't know I've you
know it seems thing you could die in one
or two hits anyway I don't know why
you're worried about it being a little
bit of damage there Jack it's nothing
it's fucking it's fucking nothing oh
yeah you did very easily 10% health is
just as good as 100 kind of yeah okay
five minutes
I got nothing rich
oh I'm already in this first zone okay
great so I can take my time and explore
cuz I'm already in the first zone
ooh nice backpack super helpful okay
nice
got myself a backpack I'm feeling good
feeling good this time there's no
rummaging through drawers
no no rummaging through drawers I think
I already have one of those that was a
level 2 backpack I have a level do
backpack as well oh wait I think I got a
I got a bandage and there can only be
one there can only there's one winner
I believe but by the way remember I have
I've also like I've never made it that
far so did you find a big machete I did
find a big machete backpack level 1 I
have a level 2 backpack so I definitely
don't want that level 1 garbage there
are cars level 2 backpack so you know
I'll take the gas just in case there's a
car well it sounds a bigger spot to find
a car jack listen um a town is also a
good place to find you know fucking
everybody I know I know I got I got some
nice houses you might find one on the
farm you might find one on the farm oh
good I said I have some very nice houses
here as far as exploring is concerned I
haven't played too much Friday the 13th
like why didn't you go in the window I'm
in a red zone oh my god what is a red
zone what is a red zone I have no idea
I'm in a red zone have you played this
at all I've played two matches two
matches okay you know just to give the
controls down yeah yeah see if it was
anything I wanted to explore oh hello
now we're talking rich now we're fucking
talking got a big-ass gun now how big
are the squads when you play squad mode
I don't know that's a great question I'm
getting big ideas oh shit and now we
know what the red zone means bitches be
bombing it do you think I'm safe in the
house I don't fucking know I don't know
either
I'm gonna I'm gonna say I'm safe in the
house that's what I'm gonna say wait
they're saying stay inside now the red
zone is over you're fine great fucking I
already have that but I could use all
this ammo
okay so you're playing with a team you
could you could give this to other
players yeah I think so
but like I just picked up a piece for
for one of my machine guns I think I
feel so like then you go into your
inventory and you got like cheek pad for
a sniper rifle like you have all this
other shit like can i how big are the
squats
I have no yeah okay we're gonna have
another jack brings his computer in
we'll get a whole prereq Posse together
whoo I like it
first of all I liked it I liked it what
do I have here an m1 does this work
oh good look I put an extended magazine
on it for show only groups of four all
right all right
oh look now I get 40 now I get 40 shots
fuck yeah restricting play area boop
boop
oh we're still good we're still good
can you shoot their windows that oh shit
we got lots of shit in here you got too
much shit huh shotgun or machine gun you
can only have one you can all it says
switch to so you can only have one oh
hello Luzi well you kind of have a
machine gun how many how much am will
sever the shotgun it yeah let me let me
guy go to my hoozy here I have shit for
my uz2 like this thing for like better
quick-draw quick-draw extended magazine
for my Uzi nice who's he's like having a
machine gun ah
you're absolutely right someone saying
to rob the machete I don't think that
helps I don't think that'll help
come on okay
I already have a backpack you know I got
ten shots with that thing right now by
the way you have to switch the Uzi to
full auto mode oh my god what wait how
do I do that I don't fucking know
I think I played this game right yeah
right now it is on single God maybe you
maybe you should stick to the machine
gun whatever fuck it I got a shotgun oh
god damn it
I'm in another red zone there anything
ever my shotgun everyone wants you to
take the machine-gun the saying you want
the machine gun they're probably
experienced at this game uh-huh
probably I also have a shotgun the I
I've killed exactly one person in this
game rich okay and I did it when I had a
shotgun because they're saying B key
switches fire mode and go back to your
oh you got a goofy helmet on that looks
just stupid
its protection motherfucker looks so
stupid okay I will take it listen I will
take care of this after I'm done with my
round you look like a special needs
soldier yes special for finally playing
Special Forces just your your zero quack
okay nice there you go thank you you're
welcome
still got my shotgun though shotguns is
what's gonna kill people if I if I
happen to run up on someone and I hit
them with a shotgun they're dead right
like one shot uh maybe that well that's
what happened last time I played last
time I played I accidentally rolled up
to someone hit him with my shotgun and
it died in one shot yes fuck yeah all of
these motherfucking bullets now I got an
Uzi I already have that right yeah
gloves take him you have to equip them I
have no fucking idea rich did you have
to equip the helmet no okay yeah you're
wearing the clothes No all right I might
have to go shoot someone now yeah I
think that's a requirement you're still
in the red zone you're in the right
smack-dab in the middle of the red zone
yeah what's that blue bar
the blue okay so now you see the blue
circle here that closes in on this and
then if you're outside of the blue
circle you just take damage until you
die okay is how is how they so it's not
sudden death if you're in the white zone
right right
shit stay in that house while I'm in the
fucking red zone yeah
[Music]
fucking hell
hey 52 left we're doing great rich we're
doing great give him you're doing great
you haven't done jack shit yep oh you
gonna chance it let me look at my map
here this is neat this is neat we're
right near a town oh shit and yep it's
shrinking it's shrinking so we got to
move well you're in the area trickster
right no it's drinking again can you see
to where yeah I'm here
and it's shrinking yeah okay so it's
shrinking again I have three minutes oh
my god the red zone is still happening
fuck maybe you should just book it I
don't want someone to see me and they
seem to be bombing over there oh my god
in the streams I was watching yesterday
there was a lot of this there's a lot of
prone crawling just because it's harder
for people to see you this way you know
jesus H Christ
yeah but you're out of the mission zone
huh you're out of the mission zone so
all right
oh yeah no people can be anywhere rich
people can be absolutely fuckin anywhere
so right now we have we have like two
more minutes to get within this circle
okay yeah see two minutes okay so and
people could be anywhere out here
someone could be anywhere ever vigilant
ever vigilant I'm gonna officially say
this looks neat it does yeah yeah that's
why that's why I wanted to play it and
you know like I know we've been on our
Friday the 13th kick
I like that it's not the respawn
clusterfuck of a battleground or battle
call of duty yeah yeah yeah oh shit
like here's the map I know where the
weapons spawn right shoot die respond
kill kill die respond I respond killed I
was but if I camp here everybody has to
go through this choke and I'll just kill
people until they find me and that'll
find another the camp and your life
means nothing does you just respond in
two seconds you just run around yep I
think I think I could dig the slower
style yeah well you know it's all it's
all it's all it's different every time
like you saw how long I lasted last time
this time I'm lasting a little bit
longer I feel like I have some good
items I have some health but now it's
just can I kill 43 other people you know
and you can hear people like you can
hear them shoot you know you can hear
them do stuff there's actually like a
silencer or a suppressor it's something
that's really important to the game
because then like people have a hard
time hearing when you shoot and figuring
out where you are okay here we go here
we go rich our area is closing in on us
so we got it you know we're close enough
though so I'm willing to take my time
here keep an eye out keep an eye out
here the blue the blue is about to
shrink in on us but we're close we're
fucking close enough now you're gonna
see in the little mini map the blue bar
is gonna come he's gonna start closing
in on us but we're fine we'll make it
we'll make it in time even though we are
fucking going in a snail's pace so why
do you keep like strafing Oh cuz like
you always just face whatever place the
camera turns you know as I see okay okay
alright shit
we're about to lose cover
get over fucking hell I cannot get over
this I gotta get I gotta get in that
zone or else I'm gonna get I'm gonna get
burnt
alright I'm within the zone now but
there is most likely other people in
this town and out of buildings huh and
out of buildings
what obviously you couldn't get through
that section of the fence where the wire
was already cut right doing great doing
great
we got here smoke grenades interesting
can you take care of so that health you
lost what you dropped what the energy
drink I think this is my health and I
actually think I'm at full health okay
I used to bandage earlier
are you level two I already have a level
two switch to high truck top trainers
that red zones were there bombings
they're bombing almost the entire damn
circle where am I
oh shit I'm way at the ohm I'm Way over
here and I got to get over there yeah I
know you remove them so fucking slow
joke you know I thought I had time rich
I thought I had time I was you know what
I was doing I was playing it smart this
might be rushing you too much well you
know what that they need to you know I
like the idea because they need to force
aggressive aggression right yep they
need to force the players to confront
each other or else everyone will camp
okay okay and so like you have I'm okay
with it in a certain sense and I haven't
played enough to know whether or not why
don't you what do you look at your map
why don't you move there outside of the
red zone well that's why I'm inside
everyone everyone here yeah you're not
gonna throw a by getting shot here
everyone in here is gonna be sprinting
towards the new white zone so I think I
think you want to head a little bit
south of that red zone and then just
move it I'm gonna wait till this round
of bombings over you're almost out of
the bombing area though you're right at
the outskirts oh it's done you're done
great
shit jack please switch that pathetic
firearm I have an Uzi with a shoulder
mount I'm feeling actually pretty good
about my firearm at the moment thank you
very much all right I just read the
things no I think that's great
this is a tense moment of nothing it is
that well this is the the whole point is
you know little bits of story and
gameplay that happened that occurred
naturally restricting the play area at
32nd that's okay that's okay I'm far
enough away from the blue where I feel
like no I'm not but I'm not very close
to the white I'll tell you what okay
well then we're moving then we're moving
rich someone's in here you know because
they're trying to get to the white area
not the blue and red area there there
are they've already left they're already
shooting at each other in the area
that's safe
I don't think we're very close I don't
think we're very close all right here we
go here we go we're sprinting so do you
see that like blue meter and it's
growing on where it shows the running
man that's how close it is to me oh it's
so bothersome that I can't get through
that area
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck okay here
I'm right on the edge I'm right on the
edge of the white zone wrench
I made it alright I made it 25 alive
rich 25 alive okay
here we go here we go the most dangerous
game rich its man
so you see that blue circle closing in
yeah yeah that's that how much smaller
saket I have I have no idea I've never
made it this far before right there yeah
I'm right there
but look there's a lot you might want to
be a little bit careful about yeah
there's a lot of empty area here it's a
nice house right to your left
yeah how did you do that
it's got someone in that car you have
gas is anyone in that car you might be
the only one to have found gas is that
all you need to start a car I have no
idea I don't know where it's there's so
much about this game I don't know it
could be fun
it could be funny fun all right I'm
gonna head towards the car you won't be
able to kill anyone with that you see in
this open area maybe oh it's a tractor
look it's it's not even shit shit
someone sees me oh shit I think they're
shooting for that building
get behind the tractor run
use a bandage how do I use a bandage
there we go
I figured out I need a bandage you
right-click on it too much yeah I
noticed that
all right so were they were they
shooting from that obviously they can't
hit you through the tractor now right I
don't know I think you know what they're
probably admit laying down in that field
somewhere no there is where someone in
that back run it on that running down
that hill they're heading towards the
other house where is he Hey all right
let me try this
hey what do you have bone two one okay
so this back button here is the use so
like that's how you open doors and pick
stuff okay
reload is pressing down on the thumb
what do you have sprinting sprinting is
this top one this is jumping okay and
then map is up inventories that way
prone is down on the d-pad so to lay
down and to crouch you press down on the
down the control stick
whoa pretty intense guys right dead to
guy you never know that's the one thing
I do wish they had some sort of kill cam
yeah that'll be nice I really wanted to
know where that person was how do we
what start to play just okay this play I
figure just waiting for round yeah no no
no I'll be right back and there are our
BAM
what if we just have a second set of
bindings so I could get something I want
but I don't think I have anything bound
to this or this no no I don't and what
you're reloading again pressing down on
the thumb down on this one oh that one's
yeah which isn't great I don't love that
play see that would probably be my
sprint ah see yeah yeah yeah yeah all
right so I'm gonna do this but what's
prone down on the d-pad
Oh
I think he just went into first yeah eat
so yeah you see your map and like press
action anytime you want to leave which
ones action that one oh that's such a
weird that would so be an auxilary
button and and for being an action is
usually my top button on my mouse but
your mouse is different than my mouse
everybody looks so bummed well yeah I
think like I think the premise of the
game is like you know it's it's a it's
one I like it's like a Hunger Games type
situation I actually don't think there
is an official premise at the moment
nice-nice farm house away from
everything and you'd see if other people
were dropping your you huh yeah like I
think there are some people in front of
you like right there you can see one but
he's not he's not near you nice nice
doing great yeah battle royale type
situation I think that's the premise
alright nice little a nice little
grouping a house is here a lot to
explore
oh god that's weird
that's just how I have it and you don't
need it that way take a moment rebind
smoke grenade oh nice
oh yeah well back back helpful site yeah
that's like stuff you can you can you
can snap on to your gun later shotgun
nice so the wheel you know the wheel is
what you do so change guns and you need
to reload first so like yep we got a
sick shooter
nice whoo 1/8 shooter or 7 shooter
apparently well then fix it fix it rich
you probably don't to fix it now though
I'll be honest with you what did you do
I'm stuck in the main menu thing here
what you don't have this problem how
that should be escape that is this game
that wasn't getting me out of it no well
sure okay yeah then you just have to
deal with these bindings for now no now
they're all fucked up now that's not
opening the door what did you do the
mouse stopped working
the mouth stop working is what happened
your tips are broken your broken also
we're not reading them because the
laptops way over there hold on hold on
[Music]
she's gonna die yeah probably but that's
fine
take a moment rebind take a moment to
rebind yeah by the way our tips it does
seem like our tips are broken let me
start again
we're not getting any new tips so if you
are trying to tip they are broken that
happens sometimes with PayPal PayPal
says hey warden it's not working today
so sorry wheres print cap has yes we are
because this is the first time we've
played it
all right that's that's confirmed yeah
tips are broken we're not getting any
new tips I just refreshed so twitch is
having some issues that happens how do
we apply huh oh you piqued rights you
need to say something needs to be set to
peak right so just a random letter that
you're not using okay now you can apply
okay yeah all right okay here we go
rich is playing the game Kappas rich is
playing the game right at this moment
yeah so like with backpacks you want to
pay attention to like levels all right
right I love them one backpack obviously
if you balcony
Oh Alec I guess way I get downstairs
where they stare there we go
like the mini-map to rotate with me
there's probably a setting
what's the dotted line that is the
straightest path to the to the zone you
need to go to so you know as as the the
blue gets closer that dotted line
represents the straightest path to get
to the good circle ah sickle where are
we oh we are so far out aren't we got a
book you can have one big gun one small
gun certain limited sprint one handgun
yes and one mini-map needs to rotate
with me that's probably a setting
somewhere Oh God you are so far away you
are so far away
thirty Seconds that was a control
adventure is what that was that's right
that's right what am i drinking I'm
drinking a and M K brewing hop freak as
you all know this is one of my favorite
beers and because I can only have one
beer tonight as I have to get a very
early tomorrow to go on a road trip you
might as well make that beer and 8.7%
IPA
yeah you have a while you have a while
because you have that blue line it feels
like I'm going left of the way I need to
go that mini-map needs to fucking rotate
rich I bet it's a setting you can change
I know I don't have time just set it
right now I got 10 seconds oh yeah it's
it's gonna start gaining on you now
we're basically dead no it's fine I
contemplated mowing my lawn then said
screw that yeah yeah you know you don't
have to today well I guess it's Sunday
we usually want to do that on the
weekend
- Oh double barrel oh fuck I got a run
through the pub you got a run through
the bomb area rich cheese is gonna be
great Bryce is gonna be great
you make that MKE beer sound so good it
is this is great this is so it's a
double IPA brewed with reishi tea and
the tea gives it a really nice like
floral flavor not a fruit flavor but a
floral flavor and it's a fine it's a
heck of a double IPA you know when that
blue line catches up to the runner yeah
yeah that's when you start and really
you just get injured you know so you'll
have a ways to go but you might make it
[Laughter]
floral like plant yeah yeah it has a
plain tea floral flavor and it's great
it's a it's a great you know especially
like I mean you have to like IPAs IPAs
have a very you know hoppy almost bitter
flavor to them as is obviously you need
to like IPAs first button torches fuck
today I'm very sorry that's witches fuck
today that happens sometimes why is it
good to have a floral flavor well it's a
issue it's an interesting flavoring you
want to drink something that's
interesting you know like it's it's not
you know there are some beers that you
want to drink you know when it's a hot
day and you just want something like
crisp and refreshing this is more of a
slow drink kind of drink because it's
full of booze you might want to take
that bridge yard there over there
so how much of this game is is Luck and
spawning in an area that is near than
the next zone you need to run to like me
out on the other side of the map for
anything but you're making it and right
now I'm not doing anything useful a
medical surge well to be fair you you
spent a lot of time
not knowing what I was doing yes
everybody was doing rebinding your
controls more importantly so so far
every place that I've dropped in has had
something like a weapon or a backpack or
some item that was useful so I'd say you
know 20 percent luck 80 percent skill
you need to hit oh yeah and you're
trying to go around the bomb zone open
bombs I'm done
but
your clothes rich your clothes you're
doing it you're doing it
this game is 99% running around in
finding shit 1% getting murdered that's
fair I think that's a totally fair
judgement it's fine I like the idea of
something slower player so what am i
doing on the road trip brick Jaeger were
you driving for most of the time we're
camping we're gonna you know take some
time to see some of the money as some of
the sites you know we're gonna go
through North and South Dakota so we'll
see some of the sites there's a water
park somewhere around there that we're
gonna stop at you made it rich you made
it to the safe zone I've made nothing
you've made nothing yet because there
could be
nope
three minutes 20 seconds where's the new
map area yes I will be gone for the next
few streams at very least I'll be gone
Wednesday and next Sunday probably also
gone the following Wednesday depending
on how long it takes me to get back but
rich will be here doing solo streams he
said he's gonna try to wrangle Karen for
one
doing great rich you're making it
hydra-matic game how's it going who's
gone George Romero just past's if that's
what you're talking about
George Romero just passed away it's a
little car a little bit ago so he's
gonna car up there I think you think so
something large moving fast oh yeah
someone someone's around you have you
hear that yeah
probably in there right I would assume
oh yeah
someone's killing a lot of people
that's a tree that it's not a person
that looks like a person but that was a
tree right this is not a first person
only server I know I saw that I was
reading about that today's they've added
some some servers that are dedicated
first person only I think there are pros
and cons to being in first person
obviously oh wait there was a person
there was person right to your left to
your left did you see him he was over
there I don't think he saw you I don't
help me like that don't help me like
that I don't know I appreciate it but I
don't want you feels like cheating feels
like cheating listen multiplayer this
isn't we're not fighting robots yeah
you know first person obviously you can
you can get a better shot but I think
you can see less when you're in first
person there's a there's a bigger field
of view when you're in the third person
so you know scoping out probably in that
building right I think he went that way
to be honest with you but
yeah I'm gonna backseat game I've just
been I've been cutting up a bunch of the
old streams and this is all just payback
for all of fuck this for all of Rich's
backseat gaming during a Friday the 13th
so and like in those early Friday the
13th streams rich you were just just
straight-up like calling out what to do
I well I had a lot more experience than
you to the end that was like my first
time playing and so like I get it Odie's
yeah there's a guy that just went to
that oh my god rich you're in a hot zone
you're in a goddamn hot zone see how
this plays out
like you know it's hard like Romero
passing obviously like anyone who is
into horror movies the the low-budget
genre Romero Romero started it but also
he was a very old man you can't you
can't begrudge him or you know like you
can't be you can't be like shocked at
his passing because he was so old it's
an old man
motorcycle
which one's home which ones oh the back
of the use use button oh here is he's
out there he was up Tom no he was right
now oh you said up there I said he's up
I said okay I said he was out he's out
there who's gonna go in and close range
him with the shotgun he was literally
right in front of you I said I said out
there he was out there this is why you
should be back seam gave me because you
just backseat gave me into a death he
would I said he's out there he's up
there if he was right side of you you
didn't see him someone someone check if
I said outer up outer up clip that and
that's right rich don't blame your
shitty skills on other oh fuck off so
someone check the replay Oh a lot of
people are saying they heard out they
heard out and he's out there it's fine
rich fine that was like that was your
first time playing yeah there's
literally your first time playing I
spent most of its printing I mean you
saw my game that's I think that's kind
of the game ooh
no well rich rich could have gotten on
the motorcycle like that was the use
button I think to hop on the motorcycle
I was sitting my use but I wasn't doing
anything no well then I don't know what
L is so all right I was just L whatever
you have al bouncers goofy thing I'm
sure I don't know I heard out but I also
saw the guy that was the thing like he
was right in front of you I was trying
to figure out what L was I'm this thing
moron it's one of those games where you
get where you run for ten minutes and
then get instagib
kinda kinda well that's the balancing
problem camping versus you need the
Sprint did yeah but you can't camp like
because the the battle arena is is
constantly shrinking so they're pushing
you towards each other they are
encouraging you towards each other
Ellie's just interact it's shit that's
just the used button so maybe you hit
the wrong button button okay now hit
okay there you go
okay great
rule number one mute chat right right
just watch the clip well the the
important part is cap has did I say
outer up that's the important thing
whether rich saw him or not he was
futzing with stuff that's the question
Kappas
Oh rich what people are saying I set up
yeah oh no now people are saying I set
out what did I say the cap has just
rewatched it I said out all right all
right I fucked out jack you fucked out
Jack I like them ooh that truck I don't
know if you can you know I don't know
how that works
whoa whoa oh vest vest Deepu look what's
going on with your fancy mouse buttons
big gummy in this one Oh is the dress
blue or gold Jack what is oh I remember
that remember when that was going around
the internet a while ago the dress blue
or gold that was an internet thing
a 45 Cal that's pretty good and got an
Uzi there nice
so because rich Jack found pleasure in
Friday the 13th he's giving other early
access multiplayer games a chance a bait
you know what actually yeah I know a lot
of a lot of you people in chat
recommended this to me or to us oh nice
backpack and yeah because of our success
with Friday the 13th I started watching
some streams of it yesterday there are
some people you know just stream it
watch it and see what it's all about and
I watch a couple matches and I said you
know I bet this could lead to a lot of
fun and usually we don't or me
personally I don't get into early access
games but this also seems like that game
that will never ever leave early access
so you know you just want to you have a
45 count out that keep the handgun you
have I assume your 45 caliber is
stronger than the other one oh you can
attach a quick-draw mag to your pistol I
don't know what that is was this that's
for an SMG of vertical I don't know you
might need something else
I don't know that won't work all right
but that you can attach your pistol to
do what I don't know oh but let you know
what you might need to reload your
pistol okay in every one last time I
attach something different to something
I needed to reload it but so you know I
watched a couple streams and I said hey
this could be fun
frag grenade so I pick them the fragran
end I believe you did
alright what else is there - oh you know
what we can talk about this is something
he's bullets and a sickle and you need
that something we can talk about is I
was incredibly I was having a bad day
earlier this week rich I had some free
time you know got done with the episode
got done with a whole bunch of work that
I needed to get done before I go on
vacation maybe if you go to the dry oh
maybe that Jeep if you go to the driver
side of that Jeep maybe no what about
that rusty Jeep I'll try the rusty Jeep
but I mean I don't know that's not a
rusty Jeep know that behind you I don't
I don't
we're exploring Jack were exploring oh
sorry sorry I didn't I didn't know you
were exploring so I had some free time
and I said to myself hey you know what
would be great for the road trip and for
camping is if I had a nice I want to
drive this Jeep out of here let me drive
this Jeep out of here
do I have to equip the gas cam or
something weird you can use it to fuel
vehicles with it I don't know if you
right-click on the gas can and what what
happens
I would only at something anything about
this I'd only assume you get a day yeah
you get a prompt when you get close to a
vehicle yeah so that's what I assumed
that Jeep is not a drivable one okay
well fine that's just that's not knowing
and so I said to myself hey I've got
some free time I'm gonna finally pick up
one of these million books that I have
lying around that I really want to start
reading and so I finally started reading
sleeping giants which is a book that
gets high praise a new one just came out
called waking gods and they're supposed
to be good
these books are supposed to be really
good and what I found is you know had a
little prologue and it's about this
little girl shotgun nice it starts and
it's about this little girl and she
falls into a hole and they discover that
what she actually falls into at the
bottom of the hole is a giant metal hand
and it's all spooky right and the first
chapter starts as an interview some sort
of like mr. Smith type agent is
interviewing now the grown-up girl and
it is a giant exposition dump like it is
she talks like no human being would talk
just catching us up to her life her what
her parents did what was going on and
it's just an interview that's an
exposition jump and I hated it
and it was gross but you know you get
through it because the exposition and I
liked a lot of the world that it was
building and we get to the second
chapter and the second chapter is in the
same format it's an interview with a
different character so I say fuck
they're gonna do this to introduce all
the characters what a lazy way to write
this book you know just exposition dump
the characters and as I kept reading
every single chapter
either an interview or like a personal
journal like it's not written like a
normal story is written it's all written
in the form of somebody's personal
journal and I thought it was so fucking
terrible yes let's talk about the things
we both know for some reason because
it's an interview a helmet nice joke's
on you you read a book I know well yeah
the point is I thought it was really
terrible and I had to put it down I
stopped reading it I know I'm talking
about waking or sleeping giants I think
it's called it's either sleeping giants
are waking gods and it's really slow and
dry and boring and I've really disliked
it but then on the recommendation of my
wife I started reading the first book in
the mad atom trilogy which is called
onyx and crack or craic onyx and craic
and that I have been really really
enjoying incredibly strong first chapter
weird characters like post apocalypse
future super strange to do a great job
of kind of setting up the world so I've
been really enjoying the maddaddam
series onyx and craic I think is the
name of the first one so
use the inventory screen to loot instead
of looking for things manually I don't
know what that means so I mean she go
here to loot I guess okay oh sure like
maybe you can see exactly what it is
you're looting then they say rich the
only melee thing that's worth it is the
pan if you see a pan pick that up as a
melee weapon because I do believe it
deflects and bullets what yeah that's
dumb it acts like armor like if someone
shoots you in the back then they they
might hit the pan so I've seen that the
pan blocks but shots so there you go if
you want to read the second laziest book
ever written read ready player one if
you want to read the laziest books read
Armada both written by Ernest Cline
ah well there you go no this this waking
God's was infuriating Lee dry and just
just lazy it was it was you know like
like I said it was it was phrased like
an interview and so like what an easy
way to exposition dump if you're in an
interview type scenario and I hated it I
read the first like four five chapters
hoping that eventually you know the
regular book would start and it never
started oh and it was an interesting
world and I kind of liked some of the
ideas and so it was really frustrating
loved to find a usable vehicle sure that
would be fantastic
alright well there you go
Diane two seconds I don't know this is
gonna be a game for me Jack you know
what that's Farish take a couple more
times and I'll take a couple times all
right um all right great crying says
Jackie should look into the book we'll
save the galaxy for food by Yahtzee
crow sure yeah you know what I have that
actually I have will save the galaxy for
food I have read all of yahtzee's books
I really recommend Jam if you have not
read bye bye
the guy who does the game reviews
Yahtzee crow shot the the zero
punctuation reviews yeah he writes books
and his first book moog world is a
little bit of this a little bit yeah but
jam even though it hasn't like the
ending is man the whole book is good
and it's a it's a really fun read Jam so
I do have save the galaxy for food and
look forward to reading it it's on my
list it is on my list
what is the gold you earn at the end of
each match used for I don't know I don't
know
welcome Tom Ken thanks for joining us
Jack what is the best way to give
exposition to a reader well yeah well
you want to try to find it naturally
like you know if a character if you if a
character is headstrong and jumps into
danger at a moment's notice instead of
like having a person say so I notice
you're headstrong and jump into danger
at a moment's notice instead of doing
that maybe give that character like
something to do so they jump in to
danger at a moment's notice and we just
get to look so you know like we just get
to like see them do the thing and then
we know what their characters about if
something happens in the past instead of
having the character to tell us about
that maybe you could do a flashback and
we can just see or read about the thing
that they want to do there are natural
ways to make this happen Jack does not
hate exposition Jack hates exposition
dumps any time in which you stop like
watching the movie so you can read a
list of all the things that happened in
the past that's no good exposition is a
necessary tool but there is a natural
way to handle it
fuck it jack fucking fuck everything
what are you what are you doing just
going into the big city or in a big city
fuck it fuck this right into the big
city
there's too many examples of people who
do exposition well - but you can't
narrow it down to only one thing like
yeah there's only one way to do
exposition there's a bunch of ways to do
it but you know when it's done well and
what I'm saying is an entire book of
interviews and journal entries isn't the
most engaging read at least for me oh my
god rich almost gonna be insanity this
is gonna be great
you got to kill some fuckers man you
have got to kill some fuckers right away
you're getting on a roof not my choice
how do I get off of roof you you fall
and hurt yourself oh well you didn't
hurt yourself great
what a mask wearing a face thing Jack
your gun me again why didn't they
license this as a battle royale game I
think they already have one to be honest
with you but I don't know maybe that's
why it's in early access still there
waiting to license it one house this
game that doesn't have a weapon in it
that's where I land you haven't checked
them all yet you haven't checked them
all yet I'm not space you need a
backpack motherfucker oh there you go
ooh a nice weapon - you probably kill
some people with that
so backpack what were you you something
I dropped you're running you're out of
space so if you want those bullets you
need to drop something else
oh actually you can attach that
quick-draw mag and then that might clear
up some space extended mag that's for an
SMG now so how do we drop things yeah I
have no idea maybe right-click on them
oh there you go look at that I got 30
bullets let's go kill some fuckers and
take their shit yeah I bet they got it
back back time to kill some fuckers kill
some fuckers - where are they
they're all just searching other stuff
they're all just searching other houses
metal song battle lack of a backpack is
gonna kill me oh yeah oh yeah
prepare the butt clenching yeah yeah so
far you know we've had some moments oh
man
rich well you need to I think there are
there are times that you need to slow
down and check your surroundings and
you're a little slow at noticing the
people but I think you can get there
nice to see that was a nice room clear
right there rich back back some level
three is that what it said nice nice and
I could hold all the shit all this shit
yep good good clear the whole room nice
Claire oh shit
someone's right up in it
no I don't want no one no but you do
want the big gun this is a big gun
headphones really help you know where
the sound is coming from oh I absolutely
believe I absolutely believe then yeah
there there Oh God
it's also time to start moving people
are recommending you know check out the
windows before you head outside see if
anyone's out there no we need to find
and exit and we need to start moving
mebu TV we don't know how to check the
inventory so we're just gonna keep doing
it the way we're doing because right now
we're just concerned about staying alive
so I've been seeing in chat a lot of
people saying hey if you if you press
tab or if you check the inventory while
you look at something it's easier to for
switching but you know also we're just
trying to figure out the game ourselves
we appreciate all of the suggestions but
also you know sometimes you got to let
us figure it out on our own I had a lot
of ground to cover
yeah you do ten seconds slow but
remember that's just when it starts
moving in so you have time I always pick
the wrong fucking area let's see here
invisible string says gentlemen two
jacks point about exposition how do you
think Star Trek fares in that regard it
frequently uses sci-fi tech jargon to
quickly explain events is exposition
more allowed in sci-fi well isn't the
the forever joke in Star Trek is that
Worf is an idiot right he's usually the
character that people need to explain
stuff - isn't that the general joke
Riker who comes up with like an idea and
then someone says no I have a better
idea and let me explain it isn't
usually Riker I thought it was always
wharfing who was like who's like why
would that work worse job is to get his
ass kicked so other things seem tough
maybe it was Riker who's the dumb one
yeah I think it's Riker ok dumb one like
generally speaking in in any in any
property sci-fi or otherwise there's
either the new guy whose job it is to be
like what's going on in here or the dumb
guy who needs things explained to him
it's wrong you're a really fun game if
you're in the center of the circle I
think you can find it you can find fun
no this sucks this sucks this sucks
it needs to be a smaller increments for
zone narrowing I found some good stuff
already to start looking for people oh I
got a run I don't have time to start
looking for people to kill I have to run
or to run well but here's the thing
though they have to run to ok and then
the people who were lucky enough to
spawn in the server will have more time
to look for things and gather supplies
is this is bullshit this is bullshit
they're saying there is a wharf denied
compilation on YouTube of all of wharfs
bad ideas that is necessarily bad ideas
that's usually when he recommends
blowing something up what I correct
myself Worf serves two purposes one to
get his ass kicked to make other things
look tough yeah as other purpose is to
make humanity look angelic and Picard
look good and peaceful and wise because
they come up across an unknown vessel
and ones like phasers locking phasers
sir and then harness like no we're gonna
talk to them first Worf we believe in
peace you goddamn monster yeah okay so
wolf swerves other purposes to
immediately jump to let's shoot them a
so Picard and other people could say no
Worf No so we're benevolent so Picard
could have look good just by virtue of
not shooting them yes okay all right you
know what that's fair that's absolutely
fair rich yeah half of those wolf denied
ziz when he wants to lock on recommend
we fire two photon torpedoes Picard says
no hail them
yes
well maybe why don't I have it gasps you
don't need it what's oh my god there's a
car
oh my god this is amazing
are you gonna die now nope
I'll take it I wish I could shoot while
on the bike you would assume that map so
needs to rotate well with me you can fix
that you might have lost some health
because you fell off your motorcycle
that's fine
all right you are now inside the zone so
now you can get right to the center if
you want you can go anywhere you want
man the world's your oyster I can only
assume it runs out of gas at some point
oh I said I think I see that it has that
little red bar there and then lower left
I bet that's its gas
how its town huh
get off the bike yeah all right we're
looking for fuel
hey nice fuel or warm bodies it's a
murder but so like as far as like order
on hold
okay murder on hold as far as exposition
in Star Trek is concerned usually like
they just kind of like because they have
a team dynamic it's really just one
person explaining it and so Jordi's you
know like Geordi comes up with the idea
well you know what might work captain if
we set our deflector dish to this
frequency we can do this and so you like
you kind of get the science and all that
just through dialogue or it's like
Picard like at the beginning of an
episode Picard is talking to Troy and he
and he goes on this mission Troy we're
going to be doing this and talking to
these people and this is who these
people are Troy and so you know the
exposition has handled a little
wait wait wait I do that oh I've got an
a K and up Oh
oh you do need to reload your a cave oh
yeah bandages how do I use them right
click maybe hold down right click that's
how I use them before I just held on
right-click were you holding that right
click I'm holding a now no on bat women
you're like in the inventory that's how
I use them before I'm sorry that is how
I used them before all right all right
Oh bandages and first-aid can only be
used when health is below 75% all right
so thank you already I extended mag on
my pistol who needs a fucking pistol
right back to the motorcycle we I gotta
get to the missions own mission zone
that's not what I want
god damn it let's see here leftover
beefcake says when you're in Canada Jack
finds the people responsible for press X
and not die and give them a good dick
punch for us won't you thank you well
unfortunately I will be over in Calgary
and they were in Vancouver very far away
the place I'm going to in Canada is also
known as Bumblefuck why don't you just
run into someone with your motorcycle
probably right I think partly shoot me
though sure they see it coming
okay you're in the zone still yep how
can we make coffee yeah how can I make
coffee at work they got rid of the
coffee machine fire safety hazard so I
put coffee in a filter and used a string
and microwaved water works surprisingly
well you could always cold brew just
take a you know a bunch of nice chunky
coffee grounds dunk it in some water
cover it the next day run it through
some filters and you could call brew or
you can bring in a kettle and use a
something like a arrow press or a French
press
I say get a kettle then you don't have
to worry about microwaving water I want
to shoot somebody so bad but of course
if they got rid of the coffee maker
before a fire hazard they might not let
you have a kettle but how can you have a
microwave if they got rid of a or how
can you have a helmet well you have a
facemask I don't pry the helmet I'd
rather look a badass in this fair I'm
confused by this just Lobby them to get
you a some sort of coffee making device
I'd say go for kettle and French press
or arrow pressed if it's just you that
drinks coffee does America have electric
kettles yes we have electric kettles
look at that look at that
what oh something out there oh there's
something down there steal my bike
that's what they're gonna do they're
gonna come up those stairs and shoot you
where's the fuckin stairs over there
that door right
alright you knew they were there
I wish what do you want to do what do
you want me to do I don't know I don't
know they're all right there you came
down there right there why don't you
shooting I was shooting they shot first
mm-hmm all right I'm done I'm just done
okay good take that he's done that's
fair I'll give it a couple goes yeah
don't forget to change the binding