Episode 823
First time PUBGing (Part 2)
August 15, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-hL07lmQj-0
___________________________________________

I'll give it a couple goes yeah yeah
don't forget to change the bindings back
there's something you're comfortable
with oh shit you're right yeah I do want
exit this match what is it seven yeah
it's only seven wait when did we start
five we started five it's only seven
that's fine okay graphics probably
I want the sensitivity up a little bit
okay interact now I see like if I this
is set to escape
I like interacted there chuckle map up
there toggle the inventory of this it's
fine
in-game menu that push-to-talk fine
I need haven't said - what do you have
reload so to that top button this one on
the phone yeah okay that's good
well what am I missing now
contrary to what you think you should
drop into populated areas that way you
can learn to fight instead of wandering
for 20 minutes and dying instantly
that's that I did but apparently the
mission zone after I dropped into the
populated area was on the other side of
the map so I had ah fuck this game rich
is not having a good time
rich pressed like a button that doesn't
get pressed a lot perfect oh wait no way
that's not gonna be a hit again I know
you're picking buttons though you
wouldn't get pressed a lot on the right
side of the keyboard that's what I've
got half of that Mouse bound ooh sure I
think I have everything said the way I
like it but we're gonna find out shortly
rich is just a bad loser not rich his
games were you you died in one bullet
real quick it's just no and you know
what you're new to it you're still
learning it yeah I don't I don't want to
get my ass kicked playing a game for
three months just so I could be middle
of the pack no I think that's fair
that's fair
you need armor I couldn't find it so
whatever I mean did you you got you go
through you see what happens here you
see what happens in the game right guys
everybody
I think you should hit the tab button
near items it will shoot all the items
in your vicinity and you can put them on
your gun body backpack faster
I'm likely never going to pick up this
game ever again so I don't have to worry
about it I will try that
use tab so then you get you're getting
near an area and you hit tab okay I will
I will give that a the old I will give
that the old try I tell you what this
doesn't get my my this game is shit
writing this gets my this is why I can't
stand multiplayer games rating well you
got this dickhead who thinks it's really
funny just a cough here we go here we go
rich right into a populated area boom
it's happening we're gonna fuck some
shit up who's near me who's near me
who's near me who's near me nobody near
me nobody near me can land on a roof a
matter of strats nope hop on the smaller
one and get off here we go
here we got boom close the fucking door
okay tap stayed okay great okay yeah
that does work that does work nice yo
Inc all right now we need now we need
some guns now we need some guns rich I
got a I got a I got a fucking machete
and that'll do great you know for two
seconds until anyone else has a gun Jack
did vine sauce contact you at any point
recently yes no okay
no they have not okay we we did an
interview with him once yeah we early on
yeah we talked to him a while ago
mr. vine sauce
but no no one no one has from that
organization has gotten a hold of us
anytime recently no gun no gun move
close the fucking door
KJ tb8 hey rich sorry if you get this
one a lot
but you and Mike she considered doing a
TNG episode commentary it's just the
motivation I need for a full reviewing
cheers and have a good one someone to do
something Star Trek on review never
never got around to it
yeah you should maybe maybe Mike's
waiting for sweeps week I got a pan now
I could just use a gun got it rich I got
the pan I'll be unstoppable if I can
find a fucking gun now this is what kind
of board is that across your lap that
you are setting your mouse and keyboard
on do you like it it is a rather it be
raised as your preferred way of way to
couch PC game it is are you ready for
this a lap board ordinary ordinary lap
desk purchased I think this one was
purchased at Target
nothing nothing fancy or gamers specific
about it nope
this might not be the best choice but I
like this gun better shit where am I
where am i no fucking no way I'm at the
map button again oh my god
yep fuck yep you need a car is what you
need cuz you're gonna die trying to get
across that bridge if you walk
I think it's car or bust at this point I
believe you're right
and so far that's three matches in a row
where we've been on like the exact
opposite side of the map pretty much I'm
in a town there might be a car I heard
shots so there's probably someone else
around here got two minutes I got two
minutes to find a fucking car oh we can
kill someone though see him I go over
there and kill that fucker he's now
looking out from here right now
you see him yeah he's like looking at
his inventory right there
I don't even know that's a frickin
person I think he was there shit I know
as a frickin person who's shooting at me
now oh yeah that was him
see he's gone now where is he who's
shooting at me fuck yeah we gotta be
better net oh well at least it ended
quickly I think I hate this that's fair
I think that's fair range the grim Panda
says hey rich
don't worry about pub G this game yep
hump you yep
player unknowns battleground probably
the worst game ever for someone who
doesn't like multiplayer games about red
she does not like typically yeah the one
I like is Friday the 13th which isn't
like any shooter at all right so bunny
chance did you get to check out
Shadowrun I haven't yet
r.i.p ga romero officially year of dead
kings old people dying 77 yards on the
younger end of old people die and I'll
be happy if I make it 77 I think a lot
of people are happy if they make it to
77 yeah I'm not that big on overwatch
either I'm just not a multiplayer
shooter guy that's just not me
right and that's fair I'm into it hey I
like I'm into it a little bit I'd love
some time just to I'd love to get like a
few Sal oh oh yeah
I'd love to get a few solid hours in non
streaming unfortunately I won't be able
to do it till I come back from a trip
but I'm into it overall hey I dig what
it's trying to do I'd love you know
though hecka says hello gentlemen
I tipped earlier but twitch was being a
real big jerk
it's not I'm here that first game you
played tonight was dogshit
yeah was good choice rich
going for that radio tower this could be
a huge mistake and we've crashed are you
guys you guys ever stream a doom game
again it almost certainly will stream a
doom game again fuck yeah fuck yeah fuck
yeah we will in before complaining about
circle yeah well I didn't so fuck you
and you're not in before yep
chat i have jumped in near the middle
ish and it's still been unlike and very
far away from baby not quite dead center
but not on the very I don't think I've
ever gone on the outskirts of the map
got a nice fucking shotgun here rich no
that's outside
we don't want outside yet yeah and the
serger doesn't show up right away so
like obviously like no circle now you
have no idea where the circle is gonna
show up told Jack that tapping the aim
button and holding it functions
differently times and you tap the aim
button the other what tap the aim button
don't hold it tap it oh then you go into
like first person and then holding it
kind of just you know locks in your
target interesting in oh yeah what you
Inc now I'm cool what are you know I
want you anyway I we got to get moving
Oh nope
rich I'm foul dead center in the circle
it happened it fucking happened you're
gonna need something better than a
double-barrel shotgun well this would be
great if I if I run into someone by
accident
anonymous says r.i.p Jordan for marrow
but Jesus is said to have risen on the
third day yet Sunday is only two days
after Friday can't Christians count what
the Sabbath isn't the day that Jesus
rose Easter Sunday
that's just when Easter is come that's
when people decided to celebrate it
that's not necessarily alright alright I
know I give a shit about any of this
it's not me it's none of my business
grind I'm at the church today not
because I go to church but because uh I
went for a first come here baptism God
is it boring it's just so fucking boring
my kids are not used to it at all and
and like and my oldest was just like can
I bring books can I bring some books
sounds like no you can't bring books
that would be rude just you know you sit
and you watch and you know so what we
why did you go again
baptism Oh for someone else first uh
first so you know someone I'm close to
obviously so I was like yeah you know
you go to the baptism park is like can I
bring a book now I can't bring a book
that'd be rude
just let me stay home huh I'm stay home
both me and Lisa head I go he asked the
goat sister that's your Excuse I can't
leave the kids alone I don't want to
make a thought you ought to be loud
during the baptism it was someone close
enough where that was not a good that
was not a good enough excuse a big fault
he's like okay I just like lay down and
nap and I was like no that would be rude
to and then he goes everything's rude
there that's yep we don't listen we
don't go yes church is a stupid place is
that what you said pretty much pretty
much yes Church is a stupid place and
but it's like you know we don't go that
often we're going now and then we get
cake afterwards
like all right jack you need to loot
aggressively in the early game not crab
walk down a hill fuck you oh I don't
care I'm trying not to get my ass shot
how about that
close the fucking I'm working on not
getting shot that is my that is
objective number one hello
oh wait if I do tab and I can just won't
move except for I can't bring any of
that over because I don't have a fucking
backpack well you wanna put ammo in that
somehow huh your gun needs ammo oh shit
you're right I'll pick this up and then
if I go here and do this then am I able
to pick up this yes I am and do this
nice
listen I've never I've never been like
so in the area before and so I am I'm
playing very cautiously because I'm in
the zone auto so I'm in the play zone so
I'm gonna be looking for bitches make
sure I don't get my ass killed I could
drive this car but why would you want to
why would you want to because I'm in the
zone the jack they're restricting the
play area that doesn't matter to me like
I can't jump over this rich that's what
bothers me
he should really go to those cargo
containers you're a cargo container
Mossberg yeah I said it I meant it
people are trying to help you out I try
and do you solid I hear ya they want to
see you do well you know in life I want
to see them shut up so it's like it's
great it works out great for both of us
I need a backpack people I have I have a
shotgun and and Anna newsy and no way to
carry anything useful at the moment so
I'm gonna be looking for a backpack if
any of you can help me find a backpack
hello
unless you're saying a backpack is in a
cargo area which I don't think you were
saying found a backpack
you fucking junk backpack level 2 mine
mine they want me to be a better
backseat gamer chat yeah yeah yeah so
good on it yeah I don't care if you died
okay well that's fair you know what
that's absolutely fair all right no
that's not what I want so that's not
reload that's not reload all right fuck
everything's fine I don't know what a
shotgun choke does but I have one
you know I'm shotgun I do have a shotgun
oh you do well put the truck on it I did
that's what I'm saying I don't know what
it does
assuming it tightens the spread mmm
chokes it a good move one of the streams
I was watching earlier someone was
really looking for a shotgun choke and
was upset when they didn't find one and
so I can only assume it is a good thing
chokes pellets let's spread more reach
nice is it installed properly yep all
right all right you know what rich sure
the fuck is
level three military vest fuck yeah
can I use this here no apparently not
that's fine you own whatever you are
all right you know what feeling pretty
good feeling pretty good this is what
someone comes out of nowhere and kills
me yeah
all your assertion for vest was for
nothing
you're you're out in the open and you're
armed with a shotgun I don't know I got
a choke on it I got to choke on it rich
okay okay this is what you said the
pellets go fighter faster just saying I
got the fucking show just they want you
to find a pen a pen yeah I know I know
the pan covers my ass I don't have a pan
it's level one backpack never there -
they're just it's three the the the the
top of the line I don't know did you
just switch shotguns I did but I got it
back did you oh okay yeah I'm loaded
that's strange no that's Oh did it yeah
that was like a 12-gauge though no this
is a 12-gauge okay oh no that's an A
that's a tonight
okay we're doing great we're doing great
red dot sight all right
you can test it out oh yeah I do not see
it do I have to turn it on hold tap the
aim instead of holding it huh which is
probably the way you should be shooting
Jack about to drop some sick loot for
his opponent is what they're saying Jack
they said the same thing about you
that's and that must be a thing you say
oh listen whoever kills me is gonna get
some great shit what's behind you some
shit I'm sure lots of bullets
shotgun nice
rich had twitchcon probably not you know
thank know is it is it in Milwaukee even
if it was Richard would you go no there
you go that's a nice honesty evil Lord
David said hey Jack David here today
over here you were going to Calgary
earlier I am go to Calgary
I live there what there's a really big
game store here called sentry box with
lots of cool board games check it out
live again you live in fucking Calgary
what are the odds decent it's a big city
calgary's not that fucking big that's
Bumblefuck man and actually I will be
outside of Calgary but that's just like
the closest but wait what was the name
of the store again
drats sentry-box century box
okay well look at all I can do it if I'm
close enough no that does but I'm sure
it does something cool over a million
people live there yeah big city Calgary
yeah yeah the Baron Burton fucking
Milwaukee oh yeah they say they think
it's time for you to hunker down in camp
I mean I'd like to find a better place
to camp than this it's a fairly big
house
other sniper rifles in this game I would
assume there but at the same time I have
not come across one about that now they
want you to get that car I'm not getting
the car
why that's a death sentence people
people see that that's big it's loud
alright yeah you have you have you have
a plan I could appreciate that
okay so you know obviously the map is
going this in this direction so we move
slowly we move carefully
and this surd right yeah kind of back
where I came from you know what I'm
gonna try to get up on that no well
that's that's fucking where it was Jack
is very obsessed with this shucks yes
yes what they say you're very obsessed
with you shine I love my shotgun I love
a shotgun well one I was I was indoors
right yeah and so I was I was in I was
in an area where having it behooved me
to have a short short-range widespread
gun right you're in a hallway you see
someone you fucking use your shotgun
they're dead now that I'm outside I
switched to my machine gun but oh I am
I'm single do you remember what button
it is changes it to machine gunfire it's
out yeah thank you
it's on burst where's the foot you want
full auto or burst burst you want
bursting matter sound like first let me
see I'm just curious a full auto is an
option single single burst all right
real Rob roses love the wheel
may I suggest small wooden ramp / door
stop like platforms nailed to the board
for each VHS to be velcroed - angling
them towards the center like a bowl to
make for a better camera shot a lot of
work for a lot of little I don't know if
that actually would make for a better
camera shot to be honest with you
because then you would see the ramp it's
it's stylistically designed to be that
way it works but like I said the only
the only addition I would love to see
for the wheel is it raised up maybe like
2 feet that's just you know wheeled
Salvage if we put it on a bear platform
this is the thing Oh exactly yeah that's
that's small potatoes but I think if we
could raise up the wheel like two feet
then that would really make for a better
shot
rich may I suggest a top for the wheel
to turn it into a table when not in use
probably wouldn't be the most stable I
wouldn't want to put unnecessary stress
on the lazy susan we have for it yeah
and there's no reason to use it as we
have tables other than that so we have
tables that are used as tables yeah this
game should be called war is mostly
boring I love it
@ Viki we she had that car now jack
no I'm close I got two minutes I'm close
enough
oh she Oh see him you see him over there
use your sights you have a laser sight
no no I'm not close enough I won't be
able to kill him he doesn't seem you
know I bet I don't see shin there was a
guy over there there was a guy over
there rich you don't see him now in here
he was over there
I saw him over here it helps if I
whisper
like out so how you DEP huh yeah I saw
them outside I see he's probably busy
running to the mission zone we have time
I bet he I bet he's in that building we
have time for mission zone more
importantly I don't think he saw me
I think I just I think it's important
that we kill at least one person
I think we're close enough I'll make it
to the missions now you're gonna get
shot the back right I know cuz I think
he's in that building but I think I saw
him over here and like in that area
heading this way I assumed he went
looking in the building but maybe I'm
gonna get some cover here from from what
there's some trees and rocks over here
but you've got to go to the missions
they have time
not a lot of time actually you're on the
open way why why you set to a shotgun
huh because I forgot to change the blue
it's gonna be fine guess you didn't run
to the missions gonna be fine cuz I was
looking for the guy I wanted to kill
someone rich there's a guy and I thought
I could kill him and I'll be fine
no look I'm gonna make it I'm gonna make
it alright alright I'm gonna make it
you're gonna make it das clone Stein
says this clown Stein I'm currently at a
Hans Zimmer concert and they're playing
music from The DaVinci the Vinci Code so
I thought I'd drop in and leave a tip I
hope your pub goo is going well no it's
not not for rich it's going fine for me
look there it is no that's weird doesn't
stop on the edge or just disappear once
it meets up okay
yes I know the blue zone doesn't
instantly kill you yeah you don't want
to lose unnecessary health oh yeah it's
easy enough to die in this doesn't seem
to matter how much help you have we're
getting down we're getting down to it
now you're getting down to it now rich
18 left alive oh god I'm so stupid if
you're the last survivor and you just
kill one person that'd be great
then that you mean it would be awesome
because that's when that's when you know
this game is kind of trash when you
don't really do anything yeah yeah you
know I guess I'll give that to you but
I'll still feel good about winning you
don't get one shot in this game I died
in point two seconds it wasn't one shot
but yes you died very quickly
fuck fuck fuck fuck
oh I see him throw in that house you see
him see him I saw I saw someone move
this that does he have a vehicle you
might have a vehicle why don't you try
using your sights well I don't see him
right now scan around with the gun look
at that car see if somebody walks
towards the cartridge I can see the car
here without using my sights and I I
want a bigger field of view here all
right as we as I'm you know we're
getting close to danger zone area I want
to make sure I have my all of my zones
covered here I'm right towards the edge
Oh yep see him
he doesn't see me
and he will now is in the house yep get
up
run I should have gotten closer
ha this game's great I should have
gotten closer it's so fun
I should have gotten closer oh oh hey
May it down to 15 that time didn't do a
goddamn thing ah I should have gotten
closer should have got damn closer zero
kills three hours of playing to be fair
that's true that's absolutely true not
there's no to be fair that's just that's
just true yeah I saw a potential one was
briefly and then I played it a few
rounds and I'm done with it forever I
could see that rich I'm not I'm not I'm
not begrudging you for that I think I'm
gonna give it a bigger go I did I acted
stealthy but I should have gotten closer
he was busy he was doing other stuff if
I would have gotten closer I would have
gotten out of the blue area and had a
better shot that was my problem is I did
not have a good shot at him and yeah you
like it's not a one-shot kill but it's
like a 3 shot kill you get shot three
times and you die
got a car you get I've tried to have run
them over
Touche mm-hmm yeah that's fair that's
absolutely fair also running wildly will
get you shot at wrong 90% well I tried
running but I just tried running too
late I I had that Bush for cover and so
I thought that Bush might be a good
enough cover as it turns out it was not
I'll punch this guy in the face
there's rich saltier than Paul who is
Paul and why is he salty
that's a great question rich that's a
great question rich it's not covered oh
yeah well that's what I meant I didn't
think he would see me because the bush
was covering me not like it was cover
like it was covering me like the
different form of cover is what is what
I meant by that we sang Martin Landau
has died Martin Landau really do you
remember the like lately at last year
all these celebrities are dying right
you remember that yeah yeah remember
that Mike's Star Trek 2009 review
remember the the expanding cone of
entertainment oh sure sure the blurring
the blurring effect because there's so
much media to consume you know you know
that also means there are more
celebrities sure they're going to keep
aging and there's more and more
celebrities than there used to be yep so
they're going to keep dying yeah it's
not it's not that there's some unusual
celebrity Holocaust going on it's that
there are just more celebrities and they
get old and die like everyone else lot
of parachutes in this area how come
these people can go down faster I want
to go down faster richest celebrity
think about that yeah rich I can't
really deny it at this point I yesterday
I just said it was gonna go down Tom
will care we're gonna ride our bikes
yeah and we had no idea the freaking air
and water show was going on yeah and so
I'm getting out of the car and I'm
hooking our bikes from that back of my
car and because the air and water show
was going on the downtown was just
fucking packed with people
sure and the second I get out of my car
this this young girl with her family
walks past me and she does like a a
double tank
are you rich Evans oh your job is the
you know teenage girl and you she wanted
to take a picture me all right you can
take video she runs off just taking a
picture with me and her family's looking
over like they don't know like what the
fuck is going on so I just I just looked
over said I'm a celebrity perfect also
this game is 100% redeemed in my mind
because I just picked up a fucking cross
oh you have five shots you're gonna miss
it the first shot is gonna be awful I
got a crossbow I don't give a fuck about
anything brown pants mine gasps in case
I need it
I guess he was a real gun too if I want
that but I have a fucking crossbow
a bunch of people drop down in this area
there are there's gonna be a ton of
people oh I see one already kill hey
check I have to give it to you there see
what yeah
huh I just have any more people oh yeah
there's way more people over there I'm
sure there's more people over there
Ross Bo yeah you know credit oh fuck
credit word do can you reuse the bolt
nope
Oh whoopsie I pressed the wrong button I
know you did I know you did but this one
that's the one I want
Kent damn it there's like a bug or
something nope no I want this one just
cuz I like it better the chance going
crazy they love the crossbow kill they
want to clip my first kill my first
legitimate kill crossbow motherfucker
you shut me up with my anti crossbow
talk mmhmm yeah yeah yeah who's laughing
now the one with the crossbow laughs
last shit except for now I'm trapped I
I'd probably have more fun with
something like quake this is more just
who gets the drop on who yeah
I want to fight in my games I want to
know where they killed me from you know
that's part of game huh that's part of
the game I still like you know where
it's just like oh yeah oh hey that's
where he was hiding to give me some
strats but hey I killed someone
yeah that's all that matters is I killed
someone rich hade strategy it's it's
walking
luckily walking up behind somebody who
doesn't see you is not strategy there
there is a desperate strategy is what I
would call it you know like in
improvising a strategy and it's in a
desperate situation that's what I get
out of Friday the 13th right right but
if Friday the 13th is very confined is a
confined version of this what does this
do
reward slice let's see what these
rewards do okay
okay yeah you killed someone with a
fucking crossbow jack you win regardless
right I got a crate opened what did I
get
what did I get nothing you can change
your starting gear I did it again Mike
reiten I got camo pants nice I got a
care a pair of camo pants that's what I
got in my crate rich great great all
right
try one more try one more I want you to
remind you that you had a perfect drop
on a guy but decided to walk down the
stairs to his face instead I assumed if
I jumped off a building I would die I
didn't know you could follow that
fucking far I might get damaged yeah
you're just learning I was two stories
up in real life that means you get
broken legs right
I was gonna shoot down at him but he had
gone like into the building or somewhere
where I couldn't get him before then
nice hat hey you put on some clothes hey
you idiot hey you idiot
nice gun idiot put on some pants nice
pan crossbow you don't get punched cuz
then you know crossbows are sweet
and we're jumping out of this plane as
fast as possible Jesus Christ
some people rich
anybody else falling near me no I great
oh shit these aren't houses
these aren't houses rich these are ruins
all there's probably guns there anyway
let's hope so I like guns guns guns
if I find like a like an ancient laser
weapon I'll be so happy number one that
gasps I don't have the means to carry it
at the moment you do know as soon as I
can get that quiver oh that must shoot
hey that was a legitimate kill right
there that was great backpack level two
all right great
what did this guy have what yes shit how
did you get this shit already you might
start with it I wonder if you can start
with stuff oh this gave us double
bullshit if that's the fucking case two
shotguns Lenny belt yeah great whoa whoa
whoa excuse me wait how did what they're
nothing everything's fine
okay great we got a shotgun everything
is good he picked it up it looked like
he I almost forgot you landed though uh
yeah it looks like he it looked like he
just landed so hard to say you know what
hard to say I what I can say is I gotta
get moving what I can say is the rooms
are the place to start
apparently this place is bullshit No
you know everyone's gonna be like this
is why I gotta use the tab thing but you
know what shit I saw that I saw that
Jesus Christ jack your I'm fuckin fire
fuck yeah I am okay oh my god give me
all your shit it's a lot of shit right
here oh my god you can where look at all
this shit I can wear look at all this
shit I can wear put on that fucking
jacket uh-huh
put on that fucking jacket my jacket
how can you press so I'm not on single
thank you but you know shotgun kind of
the way to go alright I got to move now
cuz I am also like really far away from
the from the winning zone how far
hey Irish two minutes fuck there's
probably no vehicle in the ruins
probably I'm going to assume nicely cuz
you know it's the ruins what do you
think I'll have better distance out in
the open here who's the Busey oh wait
pistol oh maybe pistol I know what fuck
it we're going pistol fuckin rich this
is probably gonna get more kick to it
maybe not in reality but in game and
revolver I mean and you need you need
that either quick death I think for out
the open yeah maybe that's not we're
just running it now you missed the
chariot somebody sang the chariot I
think a vehicle of some sort oh well
fuck it too late now
we're running mokey bt5 says hi wreckers
hello mokey I've watched a lot of pub G
streams yeah you should compare it to
Dark Souls expect to die a lot when you
first start playing before you get good
I just I don't I don't want to invest
the time to get good in this me me
personally that's fair rich you don't
have to you just don't have to you know
Oh God and I'm not even fucking close
but like I feel really good about my
armor situation I got this sweet-ass
jacket I just don't know if I'm gonna
make it in time that's my problem
so you said me personally bingo bingo
bingo with the prereq visit me
personally bingo apparently asked me
personally is a thing well you know
that's a thing the question is is it on
the bingo which apparently it is you
need to specify because people are
really sensitive about shit
bingo blue wall of death incoming am i
doing I ain't got time still I got time
still fuck we got a fence though got a
fence we got a fence we got a fence can
I jump over the fence I can he great any
of those cars not parking lot usable
we're gonna find out if I can get in
nope
rust buckets yeah
might be some more cover in the city
shooting yep
bitch we don't have time for this the
blue wall of death is coming upon us but
that Jeep looks like it might be
drivable yeah ya know
fuck fuck rich
I don't know if you can do it jack I
don't know that you can do it well it
just makes me want to do it harder
wait that's not a bad yeah I can do it
like I mean I can make it to the zone
whether I can survive there with the
other people shooting at me is a whole
other question but I can definitely make
it to the zone the Auto Zone well you're
very Auto Zone E tonight the stream is
brought to you by Auto Zone get in the
zone
Auto Zone Wow
advertisement works everyone it's
confirmed confirmed for advertisement
working dammit wide open area first you
worry about the city now you worry about
the wide open area no I did wasn't
worried about the city I said Oh City
would be a good place for cover
no look at how close the blue line is to
my running body I don't have time to
check that not know I mean just see if
there's a car like buzz it and then
forget about it and run straight I am
I'm gonna run straight towards these
houses sure runs straight ish towards
these houses punk Sidon says hey guys hi
y'all like fresh shuttle wrestling such
as WWE I've been getting into it
recently because it's pretty much pure
action schlock and has some hilarious
moments I have no idea what they're
doing with it now I loved it when I was
a kid and I briefly got back into it a
bit when I was like in my early 20s when
the whole NWO thing was going on but I
have no idea what's going on with it
these days
josh is the guy you want to talk to yeah
Josh still watches a lot of wrestling to
this day oh hey I made it
I made it
what about that glow show I remember
watching glow and it was on the air I
hear good things about glow I don't know
I mean I mean the original the gorgeous
lady the gory gorgeous ladies of
wrestling yes I was fond of it as a
young kid well coming you know what it
was believable to me I was so young
bombs happening over there now watch him
get shot by zone campers well the zone
is still shrinking so I'm not super
worried about that I have a tiny bit of
breathing room so I'm going to quickly
loot is there a better don't camp
mechanic than the circle hmm you need X
number of kills every so often before
you start losing health is that more
incentive to go out hunting or maybe
like a mixture of like you know either
like in the zone or kill or something
like that if you're in the zone you need
X number of kills per I don't know you
know you have almost at home you will
find them
I start closing in on us again so we got
to get moving again but I'm
way out in the open not happy with this
yeah I want I want to watch the glow
show on Netflix but Karen just doesn't
seem to give a shit oh yeah yeah did she
did she watch orange is the new black a
little bit she never got into it
okay because it's the same company yeah
same production team that's how I think
I'm gonna convince Lisa to watch it
Alison Brie Angela for Alison Brie
almost no one in the chat likes the
shotgun Jack I know I just don't have a
good option for a range at the moment I
don't have a good range if I can come
you don't have a good one but you
arguably have two that are better the
pistol is probably better definitely
better than the Uzi um so yeah I guess
I'm going with the pistol I mean I agree
my only thing is if someone jumps in on
me I want that shot well if you're by a
building you switch the shotguns right
someone's up there do you think I heard
a pop
well great dude straight ahead Jack yep
nope
oh those are doing buggy I bet he's
gonna come back for his dune buggy
he's probably sniping people who go to
it huh well I'm not gonna go to it I'm
gonna wait here till he comes back I'm
Betty I bet he's Luton I'll have a
motorcycle there too like that road
though that roads a nice nice wide area
with your shotgun I don't think you
would want to close the distance I do
want to close the distance but I don't
want to cross that road I want I want
them to come out to me just give it a
second here we're in the zone
you just fucking steal their dune buggy
and drive away you ain't got any points
for extra kills yeah you do you know the
only goal is survival Jack
yeah take this nice and fucking slow
fucking did reload oh yeah yeah make
sure the guy with a doom buggies not
still in there this is not over you
don't think less he killed the guy on
the dune buggy and you just got
everything I think so
I'm guessing I gonna have then you
should probably just get the fuck out of
here
oh come on oh that was a good round
though it's a great run I felt really
good about that that was three nice
kills you were definitely right I should
have I should have been more patient I
should have been more patient right ooh
honestly though I think I hit him twice
with my shotgun and he didn't go down oh
I knew he would die in an inventory
screen hey I used that inventory screen
that you guys suggested I could have
just taken all of our stuff and ran oh
you know what I enjoyed that
I enjoyed that a lot that was really
good killed some people and they were
clean kills too you know yeah you know
the crossbow that person wasn't moving
that was kind of cheap these were these
I fought for my kills
better than rich way better yeah I
admittedly am into this game and rich
isn't and we can't force rich to be into
this game I feel I feel like I'm
crawling with bugs all right that's what
I feel like that's what I feel like
right now rich all right well I think I
think that's good for me yeah it's you
know I don't I can't say too late
unfortunately three hours that's mine
that's fine little over a little like
three and a half hours because you
started a little early so you know
what's our up time y'all
what's our up time please try co-op
bring your PC jack is on crack yeah you
know what I got three kills that was
pretty good in the room I want to thank
them first please try quo this is just
not my thing
this is not my thing you can't force it
everybody get the drop on someone and
it's over and as a yeah you cannot force
it and you know that what happens when
you force it yeah three and a half hours
I'm gonna be okay with that
if what if you force it people rich is
just gonna end up hating it more Allah
Stargate I'm gonna I'm gonna invoke the
Stargate referendum all right can you uh
can you all tap us we just flat out exit
out of this we can do that and boink
great oh you know what that was a good
way to end and you know what I just
don't want to go into another match and
then have it be like really
disappointing again whereas like hey I
felt like I did good that round we're
gonna end it here so now is the point in
the stream in which we think this is why
prereq who should rich won't even
properly try a game because he died I
thought I thought that was a proper try
you you tried it several times
what part of rich doesn't like
multiplayer shooters don't people get I
think it's the it's the like it's the
multiplayer and it's the shooter yeah
yeah three things together there are
exceptions to the rule of course but in
general rich has never been big on
multiplayer shooters hey but hey why
don't we thank some subscribers which
the - I like if you noticed them not at
all anything like multiplayer shooters
the multiplayer games that you like the
x - 13th of rocket league yeah yeah yeah
i by the way everybody it's very under
anyone who doesn't like this it's very
understandable why
I didn't I didn't say I liked quick I
said I would probably like quake more
right it's super understandable there's
a lot of downtime dying is really easy
dying can be cheap for example rich you
could die if someone has a crossbow and
is like two blocks away you could just
be hanging out on a roof
very humble is gonna bring that up ya
know what I'm saying is that was a cheap
death for someone yes like you're you
were hanging out on a roof maybe you
were waiting to get the drop on someone
and then out of nowhere some dickhead
hits you with a crossbow bolt right
super cheap did Richard tried do
multiplayer not even once
like I've not the executable I've never
I have not clicked on it yeah Oh got a
change in you know what I can do that
right now for just cam cuz or else you
end up with this I bred I am the knight
hello every wreck Rick I get it cuz
you're half your face is blocked did my
mask
you can move that put it down the bottom
maybe put a lower room put it like on
the bottom of the screen not on the top
and or just cover your face I don't give
a fuck that's good I was just seeing if
I could make it small enough where it
makes sense up there but I could also
move it down there or is it better on
this side yeah it's fine okay there we
go great so now is the point in the
stream in which we thank all the people
who subscribe to us during the stream
much like kumea za reason there's our
eysan i don't know you want me to
pronounce that ship kaze eighty-seven
431 fucking months in a row who says
r.i.p George Romero Stu pocalypse says
ten months of laughter fuck
yes cat fool ooh sky circus 38
motherfucking months in a row general
Gore who says rich do you ever have
issue with your SteelSeries rival 500
disconnecting and having to unplug it
and plug it back in mid-game
it's only happened once and at the
studio it happened right here today yeah
otherwise no the entire time I have had
it yeah doesn't happen except for right
right earlier on the street where Mr and
it is plugged into a hub it's plugged
into you USB hub that could have been
somebody watching the stream down there
making a joke trying to make me think
that this is a thing that happens
frequently that could be at - I don't
know I don't know dr. poon m.d first as
bizarres as fare-thee-well jack what a
horrible night to have a curse he night
doesn't mean night and day in a car with
two kids and a dog
great two dogs and his mother and he's
calling it a vacation great it's gonna
be great
Lucas Ducas for 21 fucking months in a
row sergeant meow
bruiser Inc serious rambles star killer
1 6 3 3 who says hey guys love the
frames quick question what's your
favorite Nicolas Cage performance
you know why because then you get tuna
cage performances for one Raising
Arizona in doubt shoot Germans their
advice that it has any right to be and
in times of wartime yeah not right now
not right now no no no we all we get
what you're going for
yeah low vision I get it
says great fan keep up the fine work
loving to disagree with you about
beloved film classics well you ever do
another outdoor streaming like the one
about Pokemon go also one will Jack get
a chance to be prom queen it's a great
question
Pokemon go maybe yeah now that we can
the here is like the issue with that is
in order to do it well like a Pokemon go
stream we would also have to have
someone in the studio we're gonna hit go
on the stream and so there'd be a little
more moving parts than we would like
but maybe coax Jack um I lost my spot I
was looking at that Jim viscous atomic
mousetrap crystal bear Roberto says
never been into gaming streams but you
guys make it super fun keep up the good
work
Jack and rich oh and Jack you sing like
an angel that is very true Cain Nuala DW
62 double r on Duke Ellington or Duke
Ellington sorry much more appropriate
riot crew 437 mother fucking months in a
row riot crew says I finally beat FTL on
hard mode congratulations
congratulations right group I learned to
play from watching riches past dreams
I'm now passing the torch back to rich
you can beat it on hard rich I believe
in you let's see we'll see we'll see it
terrifies me
fleshie padge for thirty four fucking
months in a row since I've been with you
guys longer than I was with my third
wife as a miserable marriage when done
less than three years oh my god you know
then he'll know he'll never outpaced
that wow that's true but I mean if he's
on his fourth wife already then he'll
still never outpace them but evil Lord
David says hey guys David here up David
David up here sorry hey guys David up
here for nine months in a row yes David
calcium-rich Evans says been watching
for a long time more Karen she had
riched together make for a fun stream I
hope this doesn't come off as a creeper
oh I'd better stop talking yeah you know
Karen is always welcome and you sound
like a creeper can it can it be both
Nazz zuru for 13 months in a row and the
zero says hi I'm in Milwaukee don't want
to meet you
yes then just don't say hi it'll be fine
they said I'm in Milan yeah I mean it's
very unlikely that you would anyway just
walk by you don't say anything if you
don't want to meet me you know
yo is a flavor since all your base are
belong to us
mmm that Graham was not correct wait a
minute that's a quote Algar nup says
thanks for the night of garbage I that
was I mean press X tonight I was utter
garbage yeah but it was a joke and it's
like as fine I get it
I I'm enjoying play on owns battleground
I I can get into it Jack enjoy Canada
rich enjoy Milwaukee as always keep up
the good work fellas when Wendy one tote
Ron beard I
not just says hello from Southern
California hope everyone is having a
wonderful ball sweaty summer getting a
little hot out in ten months on pre
rectum whoo-hoo snuke seven says I'm
ambivalence about subscribing for this
many months in a row right that's fair
the last Thomas Kirk Lyndon scorned
12:10 says hi guys make sure the
continued high quality content here on
Twitch and with the rest of the rlm crew
we do our best see T and get the cap off
can't get the cap off can't get the cap
off that's what it is that makes way
more sense guar funcle' nice that one
that's a good name I want now all I want
is guar covers of Garfunkel & Oates
Simon & Garfunkel and pandemonium says I
know you guys don't like VR but the
company I work for made a game called
arc angel where you pilot a six-story
mech no that's exactly it does exist
comes out this month I'd love you guys
keep up the good work
now if only you could like touch things
and feel it yeah in the cockpit yeah you
need one of those ridiculous setups
unfortunately you know if I would I
would be willing for like a for like a
really if it were like a really fucking
good mech game or good you know like TIE
fighter II kind of space shoot him up
sure I would be willing to like set up
my own fake cockpit have like a have
like an old flight stick that's not even
hooked up to anything they're just so
you get the tactile you're feeling the
stick that you're pulling in the game
but yeah hook it up and like yeah like I
mention like two sticks on right right
but but you gotta use those one thing so
that wouldn't work for something
you need to want things you don't need
the want things for all games they think
that actually since we're your hands are
on these for your games
well no but like some VR games you can
just use a controller ow and so like
instead of a controller you use the
whole point is to have the cockpit
though right that's so you can grab
levers and push button to six and
buttons yeah yeah you can do it well
thank you thank you everyone for
subscribing we really appreciate it I'm
getting ready
don't wait you're supposed to say we do
well we do we really do it's true
something that's what he's supposed to
say
