Episode 831
PUB GEE TEAM PLAY (Part 2)
August 23, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sop6LJCW2I0
___________________________________________

okay
Texas panhandler says I bet $3 that
you'd both be dead before the alive
count hit 50 grats boys you made the top
50% I made her lose here's you I guess
one of my issues with this game I've
made top 5 twice really that's great
I barely saw a soul yeah
that's the real issue the real issue of
the game is there there is skill you
know aiming your shots tactically moving
around there is tactics both of those
both skill and tactics can be superseded
by dumb luck are we are we ready to move
on are we oh yeah we go again yeah are
we caught up on just that was it good so
yeah both get both can be superseded by
dumb luck which is just one of those
things where yeah if you happen to land
in the middle of the circle you can
fucking take your time most of my
gameplay footage
excuse me ugly / most of my gameplay
footage is me being in the middle of the
circle finding some decent items and
then hiding in a bush for 20 minutes and
then you know someone will walk by me in
the bush I'll shoot him I'll loot their
stuff go back in the bush cuz I'm in the
circle you don't have to move any plans
to group with viewers for pub games I
don't know like right now listen we're
barely handling two-player at the moment
let us get a little comfortable but
we're already incompetent do you really
want us to bring you down as well right
protip if you want to be a jackass head
over to these tables and pick up guns
and shoot everyone else don't do
anything else but you can be a jackass
I'm a jackass reload you go right up
next to someone else here and you get
right in the fucking face blow up the
fucking face
deal with it you fucking fuck where is
this area in the game where are you you
are you in the bunker
office
office for a buck on I am not sure
they could check your 9:00 and 3:00
that's true long Citroen we need we need
someone to check our 9-under okay
silly stupid
not jumping out in that City
mildly Pig
houses quite an excellent
somebody went to jump three
okay first fun turn around
see that farm - like 11 o'clock here
those two big red Barn's
that's where we're going unless someone
who gets there first get that fixed
I don't see anybody nice oh I think
there might even be a car over here rich
no this is the shack functional cheap
okay loot this looks rusty there's a
rusty cheek oh shit that's it that's not
a door to the house that's a Shack that
was a hidden Shack door I'm sure I got
shotgun backpack shit double barrel
great for life double barrel for life oh
shit I got a glitch
I got a glitch rich you take care of
that glitch drop the gun and pick it up
again there we go
I picked up a gun and it didn't believe
me that I picked it up I got a
suppressor for my machine gun rich
that's great that's great you know what
that is great I got a frag grenade all
right that's something oh did you say
good job do you have a shotgun yeah yeah
oh great I found a joke oh good Oh
give it back back yeah I got a love to
back back okay well what was that one I
think you're jumping at shadows what I
think you're jumping at shadows
absolutely sir a second story to this
fucker I have no idea
yeah guys like three other rooms I have
another vest in this house if you need
one there's a level one helmet great
first story near the stairs and another
big backpack level two upstairs
okay um holographic sights if you want
it great
where are you I'll find you never mind
okay in the top of the house that I'm in
currently yeah there's more shotgun
shots okay good John Apple grab them and
bring them with I can't I have no more
room okay okay to you to frag grenades I
come to you and get a backpack and some
shit I got some awesome guns I got the
choke no you gotta choke yeah Oh where's
the backpack and shit down sir
oh shit I told you bump bottom Florida
in stir oh there's one up here too oh
yes backpack there's a vest on stirrers
okay oh yeah that's the backpack helmet
here
you got a helmet and then there's room
I'm in best I'm going to get that
shotgun ammo
great Oh
we're inside the circle again yeah I'll
take it I'll take it
oh yeah I'm gonna head at least two
houses up here North drop up there
so what drop oh you know what I've never
gotten one of those okay let's play
smart let's play smart that's me being
right behind you I can use a big machine
gun I got a shotgun a pistol
you take that thank you
you go on the next house up
okay up there I don't call her by
anything too interesting
she is gonna double check in case I'm
looking for anything
we got bombs we're in a house there's a
little muzzle other shotguns joke I got
I got two good guns I'm happy with you
some more ammo a cave what does it take
it's a seven point seven two six two six
I just dropped some of that actually I
want some five two millimeter why did I
just drop some that because I didn't
have anything
could've been one house over
if see if I spot anyone flailing we have
plan ah no no we don't we're hanging out
here until we have to move no we should
start moving forward let's head I put on
the map inside the circle there's like a
tiny at northeast of us there's a tiny
little northeast this way oh yeah seven
oh you're both 9 million everyone if we
come across a 45 handgun am i someone
shoot you never know it could be by the
pond or the town over there
that's head let's head north east oh
yeah all these trees nice cover it's the
element
plenty of bushes you know and you know
why I have a bad habit of pointing my
reticle at the ground is is because
sometimes it gets in my way like the
white distracts me and so I pointed at
the ground just to see everything better
and I know I need to get better at just
pointing it at whatever I'm looking at
just in case I want to shoot at whatever
I'm looking at I know that is a really
bad habit of mine and you know what I
will try to get better at that but like
you know if you if if I'm pointing up
there my body blocks some of the view so
if I point down a little bit I can see
more of the terrain you dig but I do
understand that that is it bad that is a
bad gaming habit of mind
shit
well I'm gonna check this there's an
east side of the hill here see if I see
anybody
just at night you know what that is rich
has a nice feast it's like we're heading
towards that radio tower what's getting
into crazy car chases maybe we'll find a
car rich fun
maybe we'll find a car the action is a
little too far too few between I think
that's the point
I really think that's the point
oh really let's get the house get ready
for a fire fight
so another door
thank you nice
what
if you could watch myself
oh there's seven six two in here we got
a guy in the area I'm not worried about
that right now okay there's a nice
helmet here oh okay
we got a guy in the area we also have
bombs going off yeah no all right I got
these two windows covered as soon as
bombs stop going off we got a my guess
is maybe the other guys by the car yeah
it's about just a normal bomb just a
normal box I don't know if anyone else
is here unless he's on the other side of
the car
all right I'm opening the door let's
storm that fucking car okay I'll go to
the back you go to the front I'm in the
car just get in the car just get the car
let's go let's go
let's partner my debt all right
the bombs going it could be great
we don't have one bomb luck here anyway
well you know we have this circle luck
so if we got shit bomb pluck and big
circle like I'll take it
nice stop by a rock you just cover you
know like I don't like being I don't
like being a loud target
you see no it's just do you see this
like gun glitch in my on my screen oh
that's what happens if I go to the first
person let's try different I don't see
anybody moving rich I don't see anybody
moving we're inside the circle how
inside the circle are
I'm sure where we're going but we're
moving inland
it seems too dangerous Bridget's all
dangerous that seems too dangerous okay
anything you say
what do you think oh FUNKER that good
yeah
if there's some people in there it's
gonna suck but they'll have good shit
you wanna kill some people you want some
action we go to the bunker
it's probably people going down this
hole
bunker now that it seems like we drove
away let's go to the bunker nice hold on
for a second it takes the painkillers
really quick get up to full health
let's fucking do this going to bunker
bunkers have good shit in them but you
know everyone likes to go on a bunker
left question is what blew up bias
that's a great question I have no idea
what blue bias wait don't get too far
away from me we're team man we're team
that's just the other exit was there
anything in here camel do you need okay
car driving around
I don't see him
we can go back a long way to get all I
hear my crazy plan okay that's a crazy
plan get up next to those boxes throw a
grenade up by them okay
what button open eyes to that button
yeah I'm gonna sprint up behind those
brown well I'll go to the boxes on the
left first
okay riding the right first okay all
right all right I'm gonna give you cover
ready they might be coming the long way
around - I'm going up okay check your
back
there's stay there stairs no I see that
one there's another one he has a
teammate around here jack Oh check your
screen hey how's it go
okay there's stairs over here there I
grabbed some stuff for you a bandage
did you take the payment yes it or take
the painkillers that'll heal you slowly
over time all right you go first watch
our six rich there's another helmet over
here buddy
another helmet I'm so sorry for shooting
you I got spooked
I got spooked I saw someone and I
unloaded like I should have done I
unloaded the fucking clip take those
painkillers
someone's coming I heard running I'm
using the last my pain come on sir okay
don't forget six don't forget our six
all right I need hell fast fast I'm
gonna die I must have wounded him okay
that's good I hit them like a lot okay
he's right around the corner you got one
of them yeah you got one of them whoo
rich the bullet magnet Evans
whoo well that was exciting that was
Bunker exciting oh it's too bad
the enemy got you rich the enemy gotcha
I legitimately am really sorry for
shooting I was fine it's a fantastic
stream moment I got so spooked that I
saw someone I cuz Jack well you know
what but he was mostly healed after I
shot him and then we just we were up
against two people who who works better
than we didn't it's alright I'm enjoying
this and in Paris do always find my me
that's as I remember do you remember
earlier in this dream when you said I
wonder if there's friendly fire
you stopped with the I'll go to the left
business well you know what we had
already cleared that little bunker area
and we were moving on to the next one
and like in my head I was already gonna
go down the stairs and so then I quick
turned just to check my back and I saw a
figure and without seeing your name over
and I mean you know because well next
time well because here's the thing next
time I'm going to take that moment to
check and they will shoot me and
everyone in the chat will be like why
didn't you shoot him bunker was a bad
poker was the most fun I've had in this
game bunker was a good idea we we were
in the circle we had decent cover that
was exciting we made it look this isn't
gonna be my favorite game it's just it's
just not but coop two-player duo mode
it's kind of redeeming at my eyes
single-player is just a lot of fun
well singles not really single-player of
singles there's a fat load of bullshit
mm-hmm know that bunker was great that's
well that's what you want you want a
little you want to go somewhere and go
on a little adventure I had good reasons
for shooting he well here's the great
thing is you know they're eventually our
families will find our bodies and and
you will have so many bullets in you
they won't know that they came from my
gun but Jack did not kill rich jackets
jank injured rich I shot rich merely and
then afterwards I was calling out to
rich I was saying where I was where and
then I saw that the person was still
crawling around and you know could be
revived so I was like they still got a
partner somewhere rich they still got
partners somewhat and the partner was me
what do I think of the sriracha craze
sriracha is a fine sriracha is a like a
fine spice I know there are those people
that use it on fucking everything you
got a dirty tank top that's not me jack
there are people that use sriracha on
fucking everything and those people like
what's wrong with your taste buds but
you know a little sriracha here and
there isn't bad I'm more of a just a
salsa person put a nice salsa on
something I like I could put salsa on
just about anything but you know what
yeah here and there a little sriracha on
some that's fine you know little rooster
sauce alright let's see here where we
anonymous is rich and Jack finally
caught a live stream shame it wasn't
Friday the 13th I do honestly enjoy
Rich's epic driving and Jack's mad
travel skills
thanks for the hours of entertainment
absolutely you know what maybe we'll go
back to it maybe if they ever updated
we'll go back to it and play a little
bit more let's see here endo cram says
hey Jack how was Vulcan purple my space
bazooka Vulcan was amazing and by
amazing I mean there was absolutely
nothing in Vulcan that was special and
that's what made it so special to me
Vulcan for those who don't know last
week I was gone on a giant road trip
that ended up in the middle of
Bumblefuck Canada and it was farm
country Canada and I can't before if you
don't know like if you've seen a farm
like I grew up on a farm and the farm
country in Canada is way more than you
can ever imagine
yeah it's flatland so you can see
miles and like 90% of the people who
live in Canada live near the water
I believe with that I believe that I
mean I'm sure it's mostly just in the
big cities but but like its its father
mostly those cities that are mostly
along them right you go further north
doesn't care go largely deserted oh sure
yeah once you go north north absolutely
but but also there's just giant chunks
at our farm kind of like America like
weird like the middle of America they
don't got a lot of people that's all
farms we just lower the game audio oh
yeah and anyone can go to my Twitter
Thank You Tiberius I took a planet bunny
in pictures Vulcan so but but what I'm
what I'm saying is imagine here you're
standing in the middle of the road
nothing but farms as far as the eye can
see and maybe a house in the distance
there's nothing there in the small town
we were staying in Moss lead was the
name of the small town we were staying
in Moss yeah we had two restaurants a
diner and a fanciest restaurant no gas
station or general store so if you
wanted to buy something you had to drive
40 minutes to Vulcan or an hour and 20
minutes to Calgary what was the deal
with Vulcan the volkens story whoa and
I'm getting it you're getting this is
the setup rich this is the setup to the
Vulcan store so I just want you to
imagine being in the middle of fucking
nowhere and there's this town called
Vulcan and that was the closest town to
where we were staying and it is a town
that is named after Star Trek yep in
fact you drive in on the main highway
and there is a giant Starship Enterprise
original series Starship Enterprise and
I see that immediately and you know like
I'm driving with my mother my children
and two giant German shepherds and I say
pull over right you know my mom was like
what are you talking about it's like oh
you go over here like we need the gas
anyway go fill up a gas and there's just
and I'm reading this and it was this
giant statue of the Starship Enterprise
and the town is named Vulcan after
Vulcan
and so like I'm just baffled by why
there's a Star Trek town in the middle
of nowhere Canada so we continue driving
I start googling it and like this is a
real town there is a convention a Star
Trek convention in town the very weekend
I'm there called the vol con I'm
fascinated and so like we get to our
campsite where we're staying and we
start unpacking and they say okay well
we need to make a trip into town yeah we
need to make a trip to the general store
and I said you're gonna Vulcan and I say
yeah and I said I'm in let's go janna
pretty sure Curtis from Iowa but I could
be wrong go on right right Mos Eisley
and Vulcan no ma Oh Mos Eisley I get it
like the most lies they can't yeah we
were in Moss we mostly one word which
does sound a lot like most Eisley you
know if they want to start up a
competition with Vulcan
and so I go into town and the town is
kind of half-assed Star Trek everything
there are giant murals of Star Trek and
also like really faded poorly kept
murals that start and it's all innocents
ear because this is just a fucking
gimmicky tourist it's of course because
no we stopped by some of the shops and
we're talking to some of the locals like
we were talking to we went into the pet
store and the pet store had two cats
running around so the boys loved that
yeah playing with the cats oh this one's
seven and this one's captain we named
him after Captain Picard and then she
goes and seven I don't know if some of
them have numbers and I'm looking I'm
like do you mean seven like seven of
nine yeah and she's like oh yeah I guess
whatever and I was like don't you watch
the show and she goes no I'm sorry she's
like really no one in town watches the
show or cares about it at all and I'm
like really
you got a Star Trek town and I was like
why did you name your cats and she's
like oh the the the tourist board guy
came by you know we got these cats here
he gave me a couple names I could name
him I thought seven was cute he gave you
a little name it was a tourist guys that
you know make it happen
this is your pet store lady tour
they're gonna come in here and we need
star trek shit all of the crosswalks my
favorite part is all of the crosswalks
had the federation logo directly in the
middle it actually looks really cool
tell me tell me that you like the walk
and the don't walk sign is like this
tell me there don't walk is like this
rich here's what I'll tell you it's such
a small town
they don't have don't walk and walk so
they did have yeah makes sense they
don't have no oxides they did have a
bust of Spock with his handprint in it
okay because a few years ago before he
passed away
Leonard Nimoy was the was the Grand
Marshall one of their parades and so
they got a statue a bust of his of Spock
face and his actual handprint nice and
in copper or something and you can put
your hand in his hand
giant hands by the way better than mine
was very hard part because it was a big
guy yeah big funny looking guy rug and
funny look at her shirt and
funny-looking exactly cast an alien in
the 60s that's what you looking for he's
a big dude so so that was really cool
and like you're seeing all the murals
and some of the shops like they had a
secondhand dress store called make it so
and has a picture of the card on it
sounds like a joke I know it sounds like
a Simpsons gag did you show you pictures
no you did you show me make it so oh let
me show you make it so it was on the
window oh god wait but you know it's
even better check out right here he
looks like that one like Jesus painting
they got smeared and lady tried to fix
it restoration Riker botched restoration
Riker check out my Twitter check out my
Twitter at at har Lac I posted a bunch
of the pictures you'll see a bunch of
they had an auto repair shop that was um
works auto repair but what I was saying
to myself is like I said well and I was
talking to my mom who doesn't give two
fucks about Star Trek and I was like
that's a funny name to name the auto pot
she's like well I said I said well that
generally Ferengi's are kind of kind of
shysters they're kind of like like
cutthroat businessman and they and they
will they'll take advantage of consumers
at any point because quark was on the
list of names the tourist board gave
them exactly yeah yeah and that's what
she goes are they probably just didn't
care yeah I was like yeah they don't no
one care because no one cares
Jimmy Scotty's Oh Scotty's what was
there was a Scotty's there was there was
a majority right work our way down the
list exactly an engineering thing we're
stopping when we get the belong on this
no one cared about nobody cared about
vana did she do anything in Jim Miri
yeah she was the chief engineer I just
remember her battling sure she I'm sure
she had no she didn't battle that much
oh really the only thing that sticks out
about B'Elanna was when she was gone
what was more just problem was the
writing was owed and the characters the
setup for bolaños is half Klingon woman
who hated her Klingon half she didn't
like the aggressive things yeah it was
fine she didn't just she was angry odd
she didn't like that about herself oh
sure I'm sure you're right
but yeah there was there are so many
Scotty's is the borrow Scotty's pub I'm
sure I'm sure there was a Scotty's pub
there they were so I'm sure you guys are
probably looking at it but here so
here's the fantastic thing so obviously
like I'm going through town giddy as a
schoolgirl my kids hate it they just
don't understand what's happening and
like they've never seen Star Trek and I
was like shut up this is great
I'll buy you a cookie at Spock's bakery
I tried and I tried showing it to him
once and they got bored I'm not pushing
my interest on my children
you know when they're I bet when they're
a little bit older we can watch that
together yeah they're just not ready for
you I love Star Trek when I was a kid
they had same kids hates Star Trek I
loved it they have more options now
growing up and you know what they didn't
really hate it they just didn't
understand why I was so excited to have
them stand in a transporter that was out
in the open
I'm just like why why do you want me to
stand on this day I was like shut up
stand on him so the most amazing thing
I'm looking into the Volcom which I
unfortunately I could not go to any of
the volcon because the whole reason I
was in Canada was for a family funk
yeah which happened to take place Wow
you know during the volcon so I couldn't
slip away because remember Vulcan is 14
a 40-minute drive from wearing right
right
but the Vulcan had big guests this year
and two of the major ones that I
remember off the top of my head one is
the guy who invented the Klingon
language which not a star but you know
that's a sideshow he has a sideshow you
could ask him some interesting
linguistic questions yeah yeah yeah you
invented a whole new language that's
fucked up yeah all right great but so
but the big star get the celebrity yeah
the on-camera celebrity was chief
O'Malley's daughter O'Brien Oh chief
O'Brien's daughter because I was so
wrapped up in the story I want I want a
daughter to be the punchline chief how
sad was this though okay no she wasn't
the girl who played like you know the
the toddler yes daughter or was it like
the one episode the time-displaced
teenage daughter Molly time-displaced
Molly it was the little girl it was the
little girl Molly who is now a grown-ass
woman and I checked out her IMDB that's
it
of course the front toddlers you don't
know if a toddler gonna act or not when
he grows up right I do
I'm not a big as big a Trekkie as rich
as I obviously like the shows but not as
much deep snow sign no no I've barely
watched any decent even though even
though Brian was on TNG he was
I don't know if his daughter was on TMZ
I think she was just you know but so
that's the thing that was their big get
is this this person who hasn't acted in
20 years and was was like on nine
episodes of Deep Space nine that's it I
mean everyone says deep maybe maybe as a
grownup I would like deep space 9 better
but coming fresh off of next gen Deep
Space 9 wasn't my jam she was on Kitchen
Nightmares the family restaurant was
failing nice are we done with this yeah
let's do one more
what time is it I almost I will do one
more fine okay yeah so that's that was
the that was the wrap-up of the volcon
unfortunately I did not get to stay to
see any of it yeah it's it's if you're
ever near Calgary and then want a day
trip it's so bizarre to walk through the
town of Vulcan okay okay and it's still
hard for me to process so I I got one
new t-shirt from my road trip I'm not
wearing it I got I got a can of the
future not a Star Trek dude you're not
wearing it because it's Canada t-shirt
I'm just not wearing it because I'm not
wearing it you mean like right now
you're not wearing it it sound like I'm
never gonna wear it I was like was this
an x-rated shirt it was rich no I'm just
not wearing it today I will I'll wear it
I'll wear it
I'm looking for a new carry pistol what
are your thoughts on the fn57
I don't know what the FN five-seven is
you know carry pistols are tough you
want you want to short enough barrel to
to conceal properly if you're if you're
concealed carrying which I assume you
are because most people do and you also
want something that you can take to the
range off and I'm if I'm a bigger fan of
I'm a big fan of revolvers in general
only because they're so easy to clean
hopefully with any I get you know waiver
it's done with when I try to shoot you
in the head with my crossbow
I just wanna see if it sticks in your
head you got me in the ass I didn't even
seal and camera I can see it sticking
out of my ass I just want to see if it
sticks in your head it sure does
going to first-person look look look go
on the first person on the plane
look at me turn to your side look at me
the whole game all right we go where we
landed where we landed all right the
cluster houses up there on planes left
shit three two one go
which whatever going for those little
ones that look
jigsaw puzzle pieces jigsaw puzzle piece
oh I think um it's not any case you're
looking for a good carry gun I'd say go
revolver because remember most of the
time you're gonna be using these at the
range in fact hopefully all of the time
you're only going to use it at the range
and after you use a gun at the range
it's really important to clean it
properly so it works when or if you need
it oh these oh these houses okay try to
get out roof try to get on a roof and
revolvers are just significantly easier
to clean
oh is that you yeah that's okay there's
no guns up here and this is a hotbed
there's a backpack over here on this
other side okay okay
generally these areas are hotbeds I'm
keeping a lookout for anyone else
landing I wanted a little bit of
excitement Jack no that's fine
grab the backpack ground all the shit
that's fine rich we're in the excitement
no bullets for this gun there's a gun
over there yeah revolver all right I've
got the ammo 407 maybe I don't know but
I have no ammo you probably took the end
here I dropped an ammo okay all right
there's another gun over here by me
pistol fancy more than Amelie her gun in
here I'll take it
yeah 45 caliber that's that'll do some
damage as far as handguns go all right
there shots already there your phone on
here
how are you going here yeah it's already
over there
this one this door is open oh there is
no door cheek pad interesting cheek pad
I wonder what that is
come on gun gun gun gun gun didn't get
in getting good gun okay we're right
outside the circle so we're close enough
where we can we have a little wiggle
room to explore come on different house
yeah I think there's another floor yet
that's good
bandages oh god shoe see it's tricky
right yeah but you know what I check
first that could have cost you your life
rich Evans if it wasn't me if it wasn't
me you'd be dead
bandages
distant shots closer shots I'm trying to
I'm trying to get a beat on someone but
I don't see anyone car Shh
car just pulled up hold up here do they
see you no they didn't see me someone's
shooting they buy the one do you see
another window no I don't see anybody
you got a shotgun yeah we got it we got
a move when you see out there I see
nothing
all right I'm going to house the right
to the right a compartment billing to
the right yeah good
anybody could have shutting these doors
so right because she's clear Wow
clear rooms multi of cocktail
interesting you have a vest no I'm a one
vest in here by me suppressor can i hey
the door that's opening here cam Anya's
fucking game
Kimmy give me something here nothing a
whole bunch of fucking nothing rich
fucking energy drink that's what the
game gives me I'm going upstairs going
upstairs
come on gun come on again
fucking hell I have so much shit in my
backpack don't take things you don't
think you'll need well you know you
never know what you're gonna need and
you know like what if I what if I drop a
cool suppressor for an SMG and I don't
get it - later
them's the breaks kids yeah them's the
breaks yeah yeah store my fucking life
something is happening did you search
everything in here I'm still fairly
close yeah I'm not too worried about
getting to the edge I'm just I'm more
worried about all the other people in
this little gun in here do you have one
I do not have a shotgun one for him
I don't gun you have a health kit yep
I have bandages so if you want to help I
gotta help okay and here's uh not a
choke the bullet loops Molotov cocktail
okay I think I have oh I do I have a
choke do you have a choke no oh I have a
joke drop it hey did you want those
bullet loops I got one
okay I'll tough cost
all right great all right buy another
bill oh we need we need something the
range yeah yeah we need some range up in
this all right also that blue line is
coming we might need to move a little
more forward building straight ahead
that's where I'm going
it's best
yeah I figure some buildings we'd find
some stuff in the buildings
yeah a whole lot of nothing jack
I've noticed that rich I've noticed that
level 2 back --pack nice nice
hi we gotta move
it's time rich
get behind this little building here for
cover I don't think anyone's following
us let's go this little building for
cover
son of a bitch wait he's going around
he's coming around
oh I see him I see him rich that's here
right - right
at son-of-a-bitches toying with us
I got me
wasted so many bullets on that farm
he's out there driving around still
over here over here oh he killed some
somebody killed somebody over here
there's crates
no honest if he's driving around again
oh shit we gotta get moving again
Oh helmet nicely helmet how far do we
have to get moving fuck I think I saw
another I saw another thing another car
that we can use where are you I'm
picking with a Suzie wish I don't think
I have any ammo for but no trusted truck
rusted truck alright well shit we gotta
go
we have
are you alright
oh come on it's not the truck you saw
them was rusted yep we got two and a
half minutes we gotta run yeah it sucks
you're out the circle yep it's sucks
when you're not in the circle alright
here we go here we go here we go three
buildings we couldn't find a decent
long-range weapon alright and now is
someone shooting at us or just shooting
to shoot
yeah man yep someone's shooting at us
someone's shooting at us over this hole
huh
I'm working on serpentining damn it gosh
dang it gosh dang it
there they are on that hill there on the
hill on the high seas Oh God
yep you're gonna die yeah you know what
unfortunately I was checking your screen
to see how you were
it's fine oh yeah I just know that was a
person I was shooting at a person you
guys missed the good guns where were the
good guns they know all the good landing
zones you missed two rifles and those oh
that's right those crates
those stupid crates look great stood you
I must say I I just grabbed health items
and ran because the blue circle was
closing in on us one more game one more
you know as long as you want I don't
give a shit hey I got another to do
great and are you using delay to counter
ghosting no I'm not - our fans right now
are playing this game and trying to get
in with us and if you are don't be a
dick how do you even know if you're on
the same server with someone
that's my question is there a way to
know that I don't know who my free will
look was a little broken I hate your
play much I'll hit your play button just
keep playing this there are there are
two there are usually two ways I end a
match
you know like either either I feel like
I did okay and maybe I could do another
one or fuck it I'm never playing it
again
I never have a super strong desire to
keep playing playing solo I've just I've
mostly just had fucking I ever Markel
never wanna play this game yeah yeah
that's you pretty much just that that's
usually what it is absolutely numbers at
the bottom tell what match it is the one
numbers at the bottom Oh
so if someone read the numbers at the
bottom they could figure out what match
we're in well whatever I don't I
honestly just don't care that much when
I come in and this game sucks for solo
playing yes that's the general consensus
I think you know I get a little more
enjoyment out of it than rich guys
better I get no enjoyment you're getting
no enjoyment
I despise going at so low lifes or two
people here I've enjoyed this but and
then watch part of us cuz I'm your
friend you know yeah
let's see here
oh you want to go to the ruins I'll go
where you live eject ruins on top of the
mountain on top of the mountain nope to
your left
you see me
I don't see you my cursor I see that
yeah oh you're gonna be very far away
from me I will meet up I will come
closer to you I'm going those little
town down here at the base of the
mountain I see you
I'm coming close to you
I was gonna have bad
I'm by one little house here and I'll be
by myself but I'll come and meet you
after I leave this house real quick fuck
I missed two guys that landed in that
area I was just by so that's probably a
bad idea to go there okay come to my
little house I'm heading right there
right now I'm sprinting oh cool
is that it one cool gun are we near
anything cool this is this how homes
over here I'm sprinting to okay
and we're very far away from from and Oh
from the circle mm-hmm fuck oh fuck
all right well let's try to find a car
or something oat maybe run for the water
any boats
anything only thing I have is a 2x scope
who are you upstairs yeah drop it I want
I think
this thing doesn't have amazing range
button oh there's people here there's
people here well I have nothing all
right
are you dead dead
got one of them
you're out of ammo Oh oh god damn it I
can't ah God
get my gun velu crate by me where are
you I was dead in front of the house
mm-hmm
you know what has never come up before
I've never had to drop my gun so I don't
have anything quick bound to it how do
we drop guns
nope well shit Oh
I've just never ever had to drop my gun
before and now I have two guns with no
bullets did you drive away I hope you
drove away I think he picked you clean
yeah he picked you clean already I'll
try I didn't even have a gun
yeah oh I think he revived his friend
too Oh
well gosh dang it
that
there we go well I figured it out too
late yep oh wait no that just dropped it
and I didn't want to drop it I think
those are your options well I want it
for later if I find cool bullets I mean
I'm gonna die where did I drop it poor
rich I know I know
well now I know I dropped my cool gun
wrench and I can't find it in the grass
I shot one of them that was exciting
oh darn oh woe is me yeah now no one's
around to check my six but that's how it
works sometimes cuz we didn't find a gun
in time and now I'm gonna die and he
revived this friend so I don't get a car
stupid this search for a gun is
captivating I know I know you're like a
cross between mr. Magoo and mr. bean man
I'll take it I'll take it a Magoo bean
see if this house has anything
well you know I always I I often forego
melee weapons because you say to
yourself when am I ever gonna need a
melee weapon right until we need a melee
weapon but I would've had a melee weapon
there I would have I would have well
alright well I got a gun that's
something
yeah rich didn't stand a chance there
are people there and he didn't have a
gun nothing he could do sorry rich I
failed you yeah oh yeah oh yeah I know
that and that was I take full
responsibility I take full
responsibility for my failure
check out some loot crate's and see what
you got over there check out your rank
that's a it's true you know what at
least this time rich I didn't shoot you
I mean I also didn't protect you but I
didn't shoot you
you know just unmute
today the 26th no today's the 30th 30
that's rolling all the way back here
I'm not yet in the safe zone Nana says
yeah rich and Jack yeah finally caught a
live stream I shame it wasn't Friday the
13th I do honestly enjoy Rich's epic
driving and Japs Jack's mad trap skills
I think I might have read that one
before but that nevertheless it is yeah
thanks for all the hours entertainment
did you read this one yeah we got hey
Jack how was volcán lol triple miss
space
by the 13th anybody that they're
passionate or month
he gave Johnny Cash's what do you think
the Friday 13 good fucking notepad
you review single-player if the game is
still this buggy I bet the single-player
a I will suck really bad probably and I
don't even know they're still making it
those probably just gonna be a promise
that's never fulfilled and I've heard
very little about them working on a new
game so I don't know much about that
yeah but I mean it's I had to imagine
whatever it is they'd be very early with
it
and there'd still be a lot of
programmers free to work on Friday the
13th shit but I would assume or yeah
like one team working a new game one
team fixing Friday 13th that would be
really nice
I haven't heard anything but the game is
you know like I stand by our review like
they're still fun to be had within the
game oh there was bad I don't have a
backpack they have two teams and they
hired a bunch of people to work on
Friday the 13th well that's good because
they themselves we're doing such a great
job right bro dog says hell hey mailman
Tommy and legged hey just want to say
that rlm is the best YouTube channel
ever say hello to Susan and the fat ugly
looking one much love from Sweden
alright Tom too late yeah thought I
could get him I saw him I thought I
didn't think he saw me get out okay
let's let's try to have one more good
all right game alright one more in
general and then we'll call
I mean let me catch up on them catch up
the riddle of still says hey long time
since I've been here also you're still
playing this we want something new like
Friday the 13th great you didn't see so
three idiot says hey rich and Jake it's
been a while since you played an
old-school adventure game though that's
true here was more money to try and get
you to play an old Sierra or LucasArts
and game lol play maloom granite al
rinses rich why are you gonna play that
shameless portal rip off the Turing test
no plants due any time soon
between that and cube it seems like
there's enough games to warrant prereq
episode keep up the great work
alright portal ripoffs yeah I bet I'm
fine I'm fine with you being air about
them I'm just fine with you being about
that pristine four terms festival oh
yeah good idea
surprised you guys aren't playing the
new indie game higher what the hell is
pyre
it's a RPG oh that's an RPG yep
did you crash I did I am exiting to
lobby well there you go I crashed you
guys get to see my sweet-ass desktop
look at that oh it's great I don't like
things on my desktop bridge like an
action RPG like dragons dog mom it's
made by the same people who did
transistor and Bastion I don't know
either of those and I think I've heard
of Bastion you I mean they were they
were both kind of in you know bigger in
the indie scene I guess but uh it's it
might be an action RPG looks alright III
had no thoughts on it it looked a lot
like Bastion and transistor and neither
neither of those held an interest for me
so oh you know what I don't like
wallpaper I don't like I don't like
pictures of shit on my desktop I like a
nice clean desktop clean I don't want
any shit on my desktop
all right and yeah all right all right
so then I'll get it right up in this
slave face oh shoot you the face that's
terrible and then I'll get right up and
this dude's face great mm this guy -
he's kind of a jackass looking guy I did
I made it off the island before time
expired
Peyer is super different from Bastion
and transistor it's like an RPG sports
game oh well there you go with it well
there you go
well this is kind of a weird path Ron
here what are you thinking now you tell
me you tell me last time I come in my
plane kind of failed let's see here
let's uh let's head right in the middle
of that military industrial complex that
seems like it's gonna be a short stream
great and three two one go dive dive
dive dive super fast dive super fast
dive
here we go here we go here we go nice
nice I see you you to my right
Oh lots of people heading this way I'm
gonna get there first
all right I'm heading right oh yeah I
see what's building you're going to go
towards that middle building to the
middle of the three that's not you I see
you open oh yeah this is gonna be quick
this is gonna be shit yeah guns oh I got
a cool gun I like this gun this gun did
not do me a lot of good last time but
you know what I think it's cool gun
blood kid back level - nice set a
backpack yeah another backpack level -
oh shit I'm coming
three shit I'm coming gettin gettin
gettin gettin take that some other floor
I'm just lurking
combat shotgun here I have another med
second med kid you take that one got it
got a combat shotgun I'm sure there's
pictures in that courtyard I'm sure I've
gotta throw myself back up keep
searching for stuff settings I'm
watching your back cuz they're out there
alright let's go upstairs
alright where's upstairs oh shit
where's upstairs I don't know this place
nobody's been here right
no no we've been here we've been here we
gotta get moving let's go up let's go up
huh where's the stairs let's get moving
instead yeah let's go out how bad it's
not that bad all right well then this
way Connect connect connect this way
think this dope nope nevermind alright
fuck it fuck this door here what is that
an outdoor yeah
I can really use some sort of machine
gun I have machine gun that's great for
you well hopefully I'll get your back no
no you were fine leaving because you had
a machine gun you have a shotgun so much
been out in the open no free backpack
there might be pants pants rich you got
pants dune buggy dune buggy do buggy no
I'm gonna drive the ship yeah
little dune buggy that doesn't look like
a nice great range Jack huh there's a
lot of goodness great range no but it
might scare someone in my hand bug a in
the sand over the bridge blaze of glory
rich blaze of glory
behind us I'm not worried about behind
us I am
usually I like to hide all right no no
one behind us
I mean everything over spawn on this
bridge maybe here some houses wanna
check them out
great
crossbow press but at least Ambo for it
yeah no crossbow - nice I'm not picking
it up you can have it I think crossbow I
know you do
okay okay
where are you here on the roof why are
this been looted already or something
wow there's enough stuff in here I don't
think so check a little house
where you know I see you Wow now now
help anything downstairs
no like a mag extender what are we
looking for what'swhat's that what's the
goal I can use a machine gun right I've
only got a short-range weapon and a
black shirt shit
that's not
sounds like a dune buggy where oh there
there on the street there's two of them
yep let them go yep I'm heading up in
that hill I don't think it's a
lighthouse but next to the bridge I see
you
I'm with you
I think those doom buggies are coming
back
I'm running
I'm running because we're in the safe
zone we're in the circle right yeah
it's been searched it's been searched
fuck you want you want to sneak up on
those guys the dune buggy dune buggying
yeah I mean what else we're gonna do
take their shit well like this bridge is
pretty rife territory like you know
people are gonna want to cross this
bridge we don't have great weapons no
but we could always do a bullshit thing
where we hide behind shit wait from the
cross and then shoot them well we we
know I only have a shotgun oh okay
you're moving yep
well let's go check out that gas station
over there then that's my plan then
we'll do that man fuck it I just heard
something in the water
uh it's just general wave noises never
mind never mind ya know we can always go
back to our dune buggy if we need it
hopefully
level one vest yeah all right let's plan
back to the dune buggy I think that's
all we got
oh wait car
they go by where do they stop they went
by and they're keeping going right dune
buggy
no no our doing bugs out of the blob
area I think I put it behind the house
yeah
we throw them blowing up
let's turn around
now we're still in the circle
smoke grenade something what's out here
bandage choke you have a shotgun yeah
that's something something the shotgun
does dick jokes Oh cuz you have an
automatic shotgun yeah shit all right I
forgot
put the map to me or gets bottled a you
will probably take a left at the next
street ish thing left third path yeah
that'll get us more to the center of the
map alright alright there's a prize
there's some houses coming up tree
that's a tree up there Jack I found the
tree great don't worry I found the tree
great I'm really glad that you found the
tree what's the what's up there I know
it's three yellow there's people shoot
now that's why we're going up here great
that's perfect
keep moving perfect perfect thank you
doing buggy nice little path
Shay gasps hey gasps red dot sight more
crossbow ammunition you Inc got a sweet
ass 4x scope for my crossbow so that's
great you know we got that going for us
I love an ak-47 Jack
I hear you rich I hear ya gonna be here
getting there you take a look keep an
eye out
you're the only one of us Scotty can
arrange yeah you've got a level two or
more backpack right yeah I've got two
things of gas we get to drive around
looking fucking oh the machine gun where
I am a K bullets a K yeah oh sweet
number way down okay where's that
in that room right there
there we go Oh Shh oh I have a red dot
sight you want that yes I do
I dropped it in on the bed all right all
right now we got we got shit away can
you put it what can you put in there I
got a cheek pad and I got an extended
magazine yeah I dropped an extended
magazine not enough that'll work for it
but there's there's someone relatively
close to us firing off guns probably in
that town over there we got two cans of
gas a dune buggy all right we just dry
ride for the next two hours Jack are you
going did you go say all right uh yeah
there's some stuff up there aren't this
thing you'd like pistol ammo if you
drink oh I miss that
holographic side I'm something that's
better than the red dot I have I have
not experimented at all I think that's
my pistol ammo
Oh helmet
excuse me
all right great we're doing great rich
all right so what are you thinking I I'm
not thinking anything you're thinking
joy riding the dune buggy well I think
we might have to I actually think we
might have to because that we're about
to see where the map takes us be
cautious let's see what happens in this
map here and
yep
whoa
rich you're a man let's trees
shit let's get in the house
get house before we get bombed to death
god dammit evidence here loose cannon
shot cheap sake there's a Jeep back
there but you know some talkies are good
too what's gonna offer us more cover you
can get killed in either
like this
nice quiet spot jack
are we in the circle already yeah nice
and then someone we're almost dead
center okay great
well over all goes well where's that
last day I'm gonna be Jack we're gonna
find a spot in this town to park
ourselves or do we want to you know get
up on top of this hill so we have a good
vantage point of everything we had
sniper rifles sure we don't I say we go
in those houses all right I'm down those
houses let's go what's the Chad Sam huh
fuck him it's us us dust two against the
world rich one little house over there
good go in it
shit I got sniped good did you died no I
will shortly oh I see I was over I hate
this game I do
ah plop Oh sometimes rich I agree with
you
sometimes I agree with you whoa that
seems to be a huge issue at this game
run around for twenty minutes with no
action gathering building supplies then
sudden death that's that's like a lot of
the game it's just it's just the game
yeah hey so what do feel enriched you
wanna do a little something else you
want to call it what do you feel what do
you feel like I feel like Mambo number 5
boom boom boom boom in my life a little
bit of drinkers ooh never gotta go zoo
and Yahoo you know that one Mambo number
5 that was a very popular song I mean
it's probably been about 20 years since
that song was popular but there was a
time when that would that was the that
was the only thing played on any radio
station I just got the strangest text
okay yeah don't worry about it
I just like cuz I like I had my I have
my at my whole my whole little Mambo
number 5 thing there don't mean right
I don't trust that no for a second nope
alright alright I think we're gonna call
it I've got stalkers I think I think
we're gonna call ya but hey I'm glad we
got to play duo I think that was
important for us to talk about the game
yeah yeah and why don't we why don't we
take a moment and think I'm I'm getting
to it
all of the people who have subscribed to
oh actually you know what did you check
this no no see this will see if there's
any more tips before we leave and open
up that I want that and then we will say
goodbye for today I'd I saw that so or
someone tweeted that at me that max
landis was wearing a a very cool t-shirt
while on an Internet program today a
very cool t-shirt no the t-shirt this is
very cool oh the third crew t-shirt he
was wearing it while on a program
discussing Star Trek Star Wars sorry
Star Wars discussing Star Wars he was
wearing it very cool very very cool it's
a very cool
it's a very cool shirt let's see here I
had that's neat
let's see where are we
hey Jack David here says evil Lord David
you may still be learning but I want you
to know that you've made pub guy more
entertaining in your blunders than any
good player could ever hope to alright
that's all I hope it is you know
something silly happens something silly
happens and we get some entertainment
out of it that's all we're really hoping
for and I think in that respect like not
just silly him you know like remember do
you remember when I was in that little
building and someone walked upstairs and
I hid under the stairs and shotgun I'm
like just that little moment was great
would you remember in the bunker yeah
when you snuck up on that enemy player
and shot him in the back
first of all I shot you in the front I
shot you in the front let's say Captain
Muller says nothing much to say here
just thanks for the great stream DX
Ritchie says rich how do you and the rlm
crew keep their sanity by the constant
pestering of quotes such as all oh my
god Tom's festival is this replacing
does it ever get so old that you just
snap now that we snap but you can't just
get disappointed
I'm being dead dead serious sometimes
you see the three hundred thousandth
person to say Tom's festival yeah yeah
and it's just like really oh really okay
get it together people come on you know
it's I I think it's it can be fun and
every once in a while I'll see I'll see
one of those comments that people used
to spam all the time and I haven't seen
in a while and you just go oh I remember
that one I remember that one
let's see here gay Polly says hey guys
any thoughts on the new Hellboy with
Noah del Toro and no Perelman me
personally I couldn't be more
disappointed rich you seemed to be into
the game also uh I still don't love it
alright I like duos a lot more than I
liked going to solo yeah but you still
got like shot in the head one head my
dad you didn't say where it came from
right fuck that right right right right
and any thoughts on Hellboy with know
del Toro or Perlman not really I don't
care much about how boy in the first
place so you know Perlman is was a fine
Hellboy I think whoever they're gonna
have necks is gonna do oh you know who
is gonna be it's going to be the if I
remember correctly it's gonna be the
sheriff from stranger things for playing
Hellboy yeah I believe that's what I
believe that's what I heard someone will
tell me if I'm incredibly wrong soon
enough
and you know what del Toro is a fine
director he is he has an amazing vision
he's not too good at directing action so
I'm actually okay with handing it over
to another another director who maybe
can handle an action sequence a little
bit better so gobbledygook says one last
tip just the tip right in the end but I
get it all right
and ghoul boxes hey Jack and rich I love
realtor media and you guys a lot
whenever I had a few I put on shopping
mall weight whenever I had a few I put
on chopping mall best of the worst watch
drunk jack which is best jack I wish I
could be on the panel it's a you know
you guys see the fun stuff you don't you
don't see the hell of watching these
movies and the silence is you get to see
the good stuff yeah what the fuck is bad
action is awkward action he's the action
sequences in the first two Hellboy
movies I think are awkward and they're
not there any I mean I have no comment I
don't really remember I I don't I don't
feel like they're very exciting and of
course that was early days CG and early
day superhero movies but I'd like a
little a little some better some more
exciting action sequences all right and
there we are caught up and there we are
caught up so now is the point of the
stream in what you think all the people
who have subscribed to us during this
very stream much like hydrogen six scorn
12:10 says hey wreckers thanks for all
the great entertainment and weird bits
of wisdom pub G equals life no doesn't
it clearly equals death did you get
Leinenkugel's sponsorship for the last
best of the worst not which beer brands
would you endorse and why Leinenkugel's
is a fine I don't drink so I'm the worst
person you can ask this rich what brand
of beer would you I don't know you know
we I think a lot of things we drink here
we try to keep local Leinenkugel's is
Wisconsin brewery not a local brewery
but uh you know New Glarus is a local
brewery I love MKE brewing there's lots
of fine at local breweries lakefront
brewery has to find beers Kay's 87 432
fucking months in a row says 32 months
Jesus fuck
Mario Mario 4237 motherfucking months in
a row says I give two Jacka atomic 79
did you have a heart attack what's going
on no I don't want to exit uh
a while ago but don't think I told you
to add it to your list good game that
could kill 30 to 60 minutes instead of
ending a streamer early it's been about
four hours
hey 101 one months in a row I should
have said that because it's under 12 but
I'm broke I broke protocol you broke the
rule Lucas Ducas for 22 fucking months
in a row
Zach of the axes since five months
thanks for entertaining streams and the
movie recommendations ah shucks text
says I'm glad to subscribe to the
highest quality stream on Twitch except
for when we have horrible technical
problems it's the highest quality stream
on Twitch is fine
well hem meister Meissner 1 for 31
fucking months in a row says ho yo ho
always get it glad to catch stream so
and Margaret or Jennifer Connelly
I know riches and Jennifer Connelly like
like even like an Margaret back in the
damn ocean
I just know it's gonna be Jennifer
Connelly because she's she's the most
tractable and I've ever seen um and for
curves factor alone I'll go and Margaret
ok ok I like me some curves on the
ladies what I can't pick her what is she
from Bye Bye Birdie Oh old school yeah
like oh she's old old school I can't
picture so I can't say I mean look if
we're going about what they look like
today the answer is almost certainly
Jennifer Connell of course well I can
Margaret might and Margaret might be
passed away I can't I cannot picture her
so an Margaret may or may not be passed
away at this point hold on one moment
we're gonna do just a quick you know it
rich needs all the
Margar she blonde no okay
oh god no she's a redhead she's a
redhead see if we can find a good a good
yeah yeah oh that's like two vintage you
know so give it up to Jennifer Connelly
I'm you know I'm Mike I might go and
Margaret here yeah I mean you know 19
what is this and Margaret and it's fine
it's fine we need to get things done
the traveler sprig says what did the
ghost say what and what did the ghost
say nothing because there are no ghosts
there's how to set up so I could do that
maybe I don't know our Turkish Rex says
best stream ever they sent that message
around the time you shot me Holly clouds
is whoo two months have you guys checked
out darkside detective yet a new game
with music by Ben pootie
I checked out the soundtrack but I have
not checked out the game I get a little
I get a little a little email every time
Ben Prunty he did the FTL soundtrack but
I have no checked out the game s F
Parliament x-men so for 37 months in a
row 37 motherfucking months in a row in
fact Wow give me a take a breath
checking front of breath about start
doing it i subbed when ate my balls was
new hotness ate my balls
what was that something we used to say I
don't think so doesn't sound like
something I'd say cut to rich I've been
saying that like over and over and over
again
mostly mr. shields II and you know what
well the Tom's line times festival line
is definitely it's definitely from
samurai cop and I have never said eight
my balls I'm 100% certain mr. fields
says what so classic key bosses kielbasa
kill bosses I don't
kielbasas like a sausage I don't send a
print I've never seen a pronounced
kielbasa of course I've never seen a
pronounced what ever heard of pronounced
it's fine skip seven Nicole and there's
more to it than that
do you write skip seven nickel middling
phantom 99
mr. Elif mr. elephant's says meow meow
and he's from Chicago yes because like a
stereotype all everyone does in Chicago
is they walk around talking about KaBlam
colossus cabooses campanos kielbasa
kielbasa all right whatever have you
have you never spoke I guess I guess I
guess I was raised normally and not by
stereotypes it's just a lovely sausage
everyone was always talking about
Da Bears it's just a thing it's a normal
thing that people eat especially those
from polish or German descent and so you
know that's a typical Chicago Milwaukee
thing kielbasa
did you do mr. elephants I did mr.
elephants
you said the meow meow I said the meow
meow Manik 12:15 Bominable Scotsman says
waka waka
gb1 no Lee messengerís twinspeak Twin
Peaks
spoiler alert nope I'm not gonna read
any more than actually you can yeah
right ahead it's pretty safe super
dangerous Twin Peaks spoiler alert
beware because I'm going to give away
the whole new series now so the new Twin
Peaks is weird
I am the Austria generic Stacy what
Stacy was generic to begin with hello
grass woo seven of Borgnine Irishmen 36
says after watching rich and Jack team
up on pub G I'm convinced they can teach
SWAT teams a thing or two wow you must
really hate the police Jack listen we we
had you know every once in a while we
would have a solid breach rich solid
breaching procedure you know fan out
cover the most area I felt pretty good
about that there was a lot of running
around oh I can't find a weapon and then
there's and then you ride me remember my
favorite time was when we would die
immediately and wouldn't wouldn't know
who shadows way too much downtime in
between anything interesting happening
it's tension yeah apparently they're
working on revamping the circles
Glenna flab ocinski
top ramens 4:29 fucking months in a row
we got three levels now and I got a
double check switch what I'm on is true
do a little do a little math yeah Top
Ramen says new half in the bag slash
best of the worst soon probably no
there's none of them work I think this
happening there's two best so they were
worse than editing mmm is there this
stuff is hand I'm pretty sure I know
what movies are getting the half in the
bag treatment I'm pretty sure I know I
know the one for sure keg or sleepy
brown bear game her nerd 20
frantic girl men solos menthol menthols
I'm insane for 19 months in a row I keep
just assuming that all the names are
gonna be so weird that I need to add
emphasis crazy eyes
crazy ivis that is not an L that is an
eye that's trying to trip you up with
that crazy eye versus hey guys just want
to thank you for making my boring nights
at work much more fun hope to see you
play another board game in the near
future
titus 80 far ivan who I desperately want
to call tits 80 for every time I see
that name tit is Ted stick to titties
titties that's probably to ease this but
yeah a cop titties hey my friends call
me titties I've an Li says would you
like says what would you like to see in
the reboot of red letter media a solid
business plan every shell eighty seven
thirty five fucking months in a row
coming up on the big three year old Jack
lemon jackal mo says love the stream and
keep up the great work guys you monster
for 28 fucking months and roses thank
you both for another fantastic stream
I've got your six with another five just
try not to shoot me in the face okay
don't startle me also don't crush it
who startled you who startled you also
don't crouch in a corner when I'm while
I'm hiding from the people who might be
trying to shoot at me as you say I see
them I see them I bet he sees him
where's the up Jam where's
around here somewhere
Ryan from Michigan Ryan from Michigan
says someone may have mentioned it
already but Hahn will have but Han will
have to shoot someone first no someone
will shoot him and then he'll learn the
lesson to always shoot first that asked
questions but he didn't shoot first and
in the new con maybe that doesn't count
I'll bet you never do I release those
original films that'll be gone you think
yeah
yeah that was one of the first changes
he made right Lucas yeah we make um han
Solo less morally ambiguous I think you
should be more of a good guy shoot first
we make our lovable rogue a little less
roadway let's make them white toast
let's just make him another good guy
that's all we could use is another kind
of gonna shoot I know it's gonna make
great old I'm really stupid if he misses
a point-blank shot uh-huh can hunt some
of Dodgers head awkwardly to the side he
ever you ever see that version oh my god
he does the real yeah his head
unnaturally moves over a foot and the
dress was body stays completely still
yeah it's the worst thing he's an alien
pranks is fucking back he's in a
technically that's true yeah that's it
he has a neck power and his race can
only use that power once in their entire
life and we got to see it
one of the suggestions I had that I
didn't I didn't mention them because it
was too silly for the Han Solo Ritchie
video that Han Solo would enter a dance
contest where he had where he's doing
like this yeah yeah god that hurts mine
dad
our knowledge junkie flip Master Yoda
Lando was taken for thirty four fucking
months in a row Shibboleth Rezo not oh
so much neon cool dr. strange shirt rich
thank you uh nasty flat for twenty three
fucking months in a row and nasty flat
says girlfriend got me the lightning
fast vcr shirt love it
that's a keeper right there yeah she
gets you something from your the weird
internet videos that you watch aw she
that's a keeper team two megatron so hey
guys thanks for all payment both on here
and best of the worst
i'm not even much of a gamer but it's
not about the games it's you guys that
make it awesome your one true thank you
we try we try gehlbach space come over
35 fucking months in a row so close
collecting data for 29 fucking months in
a row says say hello to my sister Susan
please hello sister Susan hello sister
Susan nice nice to meet you yeah how are
you doing Susan I don't really know you
just reading a name somebody else wrote
I guess best friends now right
fuck off one of the one of the tongue
twisters that we would use to warm up
yeah before improv this is was sister
Susan sells herself to sailors sister
Susan sells herself to sellers sister
Susan sells herself to sailor sister
Susan sells herself to sailors that's a
good ones also been unique New York
unique New York unique New York New York
yep oh my god that was so deceptively
New York unique New York unique New York
unique in New York
gibbous moon for twenty three fucking
months in a row retro guarding Joe lady
Denning for 20 fucking months in a row
hey Jordan me and finally dry jordan
meet thank you before subscribing we
