Episode 834
Hangin' With Rich - Dead Cells
August 26, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uuEvwXM8cAk
___________________________________________

nothing too much hello how's everyone
doing what's up Jack Jack could not
Megan her tonight Jack was accidentally
annihilated we're still trying to
fabricate a replacement what does it
make any wait what's a screen say here
we go
no the the center was it's a dead center
on that at the top the top window we're
getting no interview is currently
disabled preview of disabled is everyone
seeing me and that's bald I don't wear
glasses I'm not tall yes I'm a very poor
jack I see one now you know do they see
I didn't see it before
I'm gonna play a little bit more those
games I like this game actually liked
this game quite a bit I can't wait till
it's done
it makes me think of the song dead souls
does that have anything to do with the
song Dead Souls
I think they were hauling you they keep
calling you I would have following you I
would have to know what the song Dead
Souls was to answer that question no
wait I think it might originally have
been I get to a new Joey Division but
maybe but I think it was a Trent Reznor
song after that possibly just that I'll
lose some money but we're going to the
main menu here we're gonna start we're
gonna start from the top yeah Nine Inch
Nails covered it that's what I thought I
thought I remembered it be enjoy
division but so what's up what's new
what's going on with you is there
anything you want to talk about there's
anything chat wants to talk about
so everything you want to talk about I
don't know we went to the rent for
yesterday and that was kind of Awesome
yeah we got to see muni but no Brune and
the joust which was kind of fun and it's
kind of like it's a show like wrestling
except you know they're wearing armor
and then that's where you do the round
they're just pretending to well they're
stabbing each other's wooden shields of
Atlantis which makes me wonder how many
wooden shields I go through they seem to
have a pretty good pile of lances there
is nothing wrong with it man - Nora with
what he said get drunk and enjoy
costumes what's wrong with that I said
nothing I was I was the third wheel you
were not so I was so the third wheel
that was that was a ladies night out
that you should not have asked me to go
on was you you hanging out with Bethenny
with modeling modeling Mondas you
hanging out with mud all day like I want
to hang out look at a bunch of stores
and sold crystals well here's the thing
we could put these our wall and they're
shiny and they're pretty well here's the
thing it's it's mod mod tends to work
weekends so this was kind of like the
only weekend she could do the Ren Faire
and Friday night we went to a baseball
game out by my parents within the like
heated air conditioned box thing because
a friend of Mines dad's retirement group
does it and it's like like a corporate
box but we're talking about like
unaffiliated minor-league baseball so
very affordable but working went to the
baseball game Friday spent the night
over at my parents house and then
Saturday morning we drove back up to
Wisconsin to see the Ren Faire her to go
to the Ren Faire but no you weren't a
third wheel I mean I've been there more
than once with you been there more than
once with her I mean yes we like chops
more than you do admittedly but
it's a good time and it was their
steampunk weekend so a lot of people had
a cute little steampunky outfits there
were there were two little girls that I
thought had the best costumes and one of
them was she had like a big wind-up key
in her back and the other one had like a
fake like a wooden frame thing over her
head with strings coming down like she
was a marionette
it's adorable arrow keys no enable the
freaking d-pad to move not the arrow
keys Oh game well the game is not going
to let me use the fucking d-pad does at
home I'm not here I can't use it I still
haven't seen space cop and I need to see
that rich one of these things don't I've
I never think about it when I'm in a
time and place where I could watch it so
I'd probably rather watch it when he's
not home because I know that it's like
really awkward for him extremely you
have no idea how awkward that would be
for me but I like the like the trailer
the bit about Chinese people and horse
penis or whatever it was figured you
would hate that No
okay guess I could set myself a reminder
on my phone or tell my smart speaker to
remind me but I know what's wrong
no I'm not Rich's sister oh the richest
sister was on here one of them I've got
more than one horse people at Chinese
penis yeah that sounds about right
I was playing around with what's the
point around that for expat her for
something I was trying to get that that
thing like that
yeah that's just the camera yeah they
said your sister surprising like you for
someone who's a Mormon she's mellowed
out so much yeah in recent years she's
like a different human being
she used to be very uptight but no she's
just very friendly and easygoing I
haven't talked to her like I don't talk
to her that often so it's kind of been
shocking for me and she's nerdy in a
delightful way she used to be kind of
just awkward but you know she was a kid
I know she's awesome
I really do I liked playing the barbie
game with her I'm trying to figure out
why the fuck I stupid d-pad isn't
working
did I ever bring him to a tums festival
no but I like doing like you know like
you factory tours and things like that
and we did a couple of like the where
you can do the beer tasting and and see
the brewery and stuff we did a couple of
those tours up here because it's
Milwaukee and I don't know it's the
Thomas factory around here surprising
number of factories in there they're
referencing a video Karen does not watch
her stuff not that too much the
references are lost
Karin is innocent or naive or clueless
what have you we need to find out where
tums is manufactured no seriously why so
we could take you to the tums Factory
tums or what's the other one Rolaids
yeah well we'll never give me a break
it's not gonna happen so I should make
you talk about cheese fries we saw
somebody walking around with cheese
fries the fries at the Ren Faire and
then the whole time we couldn't find
them where they got them you know where
they got them so we had to stop at the
cheese castle by the way the Chiefs
castles got some pretty good cheese
curds especially the garlic ones you're
standing around so long and like you
know the crystals Spartan what now oh
I'm just standing outside with my like
this sitting down with ground Oh Maude
recently got a bigger place and she's
got a lot of windows and she wants shiny
stuff dang and I know I know she likes
she likes the shiny I probably should
have been asked to go along this trip
well it just made sense cuz you're on
your way there I mean I guess you could
have driven back home past there and
then driven back down there but I like
to having you there I know yes we had to
stop at the cheese castle I I love the
cheese castle I do rich makes fun of my
love of the cheese castle it's
all-consuming basically unless it's
super crowded in there I can't go by the
cheese castle and not go in the cheese
castle which has recently been upgraded
to be even cheesier and even cast layer
gzhel urine castle ear Wow seriously
then people don't know what the marsh
cheese castle is which I'm surprising my
number one cheese wait wait wait you
have to explain what the marsh cheese
castle is because you're confusing
Google my buddy who doesn't live near
the Wisconsin Illinois border okay it's
about ten miles north of the of this
eight line it was built in 1947 I'm
getting to it it's a store right now
yeah I don't know what they sold years
ago but but they say as of about 15
years ago they sold mostly like cheese's
a little bit of deli meat and a few
souvenirs and then they were gonna widen
the expressway and they they tore it
down and I'm sure they gave them some
money for their troubles and they built
something to look way more like a castle
and then last winter they started
upgrading it again because the place is
always Tolman it's kind of a tourist
right yeah it's a tourist trap
absolutely Wisconsin's known for cheese
we'll have this place called the cheese
castle right on the border but they have
a nice selection of cheese they've got
great deli sandwiches no I mean they
they got a lot of you know they get my
strawberry harbin habanero jelly fix
they just if you're going to somebody's
house or something you want to bring
something you know like cuz you're the
guest and you're popping by I mean
there's lots of shit like that
while scottson is the home of cheese
Tommy Bartlett and that's much else I
don't know you know I mean walk he's got
a lot going on in it but my favorite
kind of cheese my favorite kind of
cheesy cheese it's probably like dill
Havarti my favorite kind of thing that's
called cheese but isn't especially
cheesy is Jim's chocolate cheese which
is kind of like he's kind of like a
cheesecake version of fudge almost it's
very creamy and soft and not remotely
like cheese when you think of chocolate
cheese
Oh habanero jelly is really good yes
strawberry habanero or other habaneros
Muenster cheese I like monster cheese
let's just underrated what would you do
with habanero jelly the same kind of
things you do with non habanero jelly
it's it's really good on toast it's
jelly tends to be very sweet so it's a
combination of like sweet and spicy
which is pretty much canceled out by
butter and bread unless you put 8 tons
of it down there at the spice workout
they said the audio was there but really
low we're talking about the audio from
the game or the audio you gotta be more
specific
yeah DX Ritchie has a tip they want to
know rich if held by gunpoint which of
these corporate cash grabs would you
prefer to watch an MCU vs. DC EU
crossover or Fox's x-men vs. Avengers
film death is not an option sadly I
don't give a flying fuck about the x-men
so DC EU versus the Marvel Cinematic
Universe
I hate one of these things and I love
the other what's G ceu movies even
though it makes no sense so it's really
it should be called the DC see you so
it's the kid what are we talking about
like all the Marvel characters versus
all the DC users that just seems like a
giant crowded
what gunpoint alright okay I mean it
sounds like it sounds like the Lego
Marvel superheroes combined with the
Lego DC superheroes without the ability
to be any of them or any I don't know
there's no way you can put that many
characters in a plot unless they're just
going around having some big fight scene
where they all do their magic stuff like
the Civil War Howard stuff
so the haven't seen it this is what is
the whole gimmick is all the heroes are
good
at each other it has one scene and it's
so out of place with everything else
that happens in that movie but people
love it because it's that big spectacle
scene there's spider-man the spider but
I know spider-man I guess if it has an
audience and it makes that audience
happy good for them I'm not sure it
would have been a fine movie without it
watch it too much without the spectacle
honestly I didn't have to call it civil
war I'm gonna just put Captain America 3
something else
same plot and I want to work better
without those tracks you yes sir okay
I haven't even seen three done I saw two
what's Captain America's mom's name
probably something apple pie like I
don't know she doesn't get your Batman
vs Superman references Martha Jones have
you haven't even seen Batman vs Superman
have you I have not you want to maybe I
don't know I wasn't looking at the thing
that was trying to kill me rich and I
you have somewhat different tastes and
then and I mean there's overlap between
rich nice tastes don't get me wrong but
that's more in the Richie realm wish
what the fuck even happened the one you
were just talking about what do you said
I hated Batman vs Superman yeah and I
thought it was gonna be a clusterfuck
I'm not a close friend I know I hate
that version of Superman so I really
wasn't excited about it I saw it for
work is it one of the the weird fascist
Superman it's the word fascist Superman
yeah it just doesn't I haven't seen it
but it just doesn't sound good
I mean the whole idea of Superman is
he's like this big boy scout no he's
self-interested what movies do I like
they always ask this I mean my favorite
movies solely comedies yeah yeah Monty
Python and the Holy Grail an airplane a
binge-watched
it's not a movie but I've been watched
and with Annie this week and that was
pretty good it was an an of Green Gables
and I don't know they don't call it an
of Green Gables well there have been
several so I think they just want to
distinguish it in searches oh that's
weird
it's called an with an e that's weird
I didn't know that it's clearly and
obviously makes references to Green
Gables all over it is Anne of Green
Gables it does take some adaptation yeah
same story or they took I mean they
changed a few things but it's basically
the same story same premise you know
they wanted a boy orphan and they ended
up with a girl orphan and ended up
keeping her
it was dark it was kind of dark what hot
American summer don't know the worst
horror movie ever like worst in a bad
way yeah funny way on it I'm not
you guys are however way you want
there's been there have been one or two
that I've I've rented from video stores
and you know if they're really awful I
probably don't end up finishing them or
remembering their names there dude it's
the worst horror movie I've ever
actually bothered to finish Grand Mount
says I hold that for a DC Cinematic
Universe they should have started off
with Superman being established as a boy
scout Paragon and then Batman vs
Superman they could address the same
issue without being edged Lord and then
at the end of Batman vs Superman you
could have had Superman die and Justice
League could have been about the world
coping with Superman's death we didn't
interesting promise you save Superman's
death for down the road I don't know
isn't like comic books don't they just
resurrect people whenever they feel like
it that's something people have
complained about though because death is
completely meaningless and now this is a
this is a trend they have now
established for their movies to me I
mean I remember like 25 years you know
it was all the death of Superman okay
but anyway he was back I was a little
disappointed
after all that hoopla but depth in
comics yeah I'm listening
no you were just listen with somebody
else then you started talking no no you
do that don't you do that I'm all I'm
I'm all on the right here you kid we am
i interested the new Star Trek series
that comes out in a month or so yeah
Star Trek looks terrible I'd like to
check it out
the guy who did Family Guy is working on
a a Star Trek parody show that's not her
all affiliated with Star Trek but it's
it's clearly Star Trek nice which
reminds me of that ducktales movie that
looks like it was animated by the people
who do Family Guy or something doc tells
me the new no the new ducktales TV show
is coming out with a ridiculous Family
Guy style animation well the the the guy
who created family god but it's not
abated this is gonna be a live action Oh
weird he didn't he didn't cosmos he's
also a no geek altameyer you said Spock
just had to have a multi range
multiracial family with an adopted
blaster yes already like doubles is
already like a multi species person
though I mean yeah just just a different
well now he has a black sester that
nobody ever heard about before I guess
but I mean like it's way bigger deal to
be from two different planets than just
to be you know people's grandparents
came from a different continent it's
it's just it's a weird that we have
never heard of this person before
Burnham and it's tied to the original
series they didn't need TNG didn't need
this cactus Creek son they didn't need
that it was it was too smart for that
shit
TNG
I'm doing really good yeah I saw the
scooby-doo with a Family Guy style
animation and drove me nuts I thought
that was a mystery mystery Inc which was
the one that they did about I'm probably
bout 10 years ago now that even you
bench watched yeah yeah mystery and go
they anyway the one the one that came
before the Family Guy style animation
scooby-doo was kind of awesome in my
opinion
why why why is this not letting me use I
have only seen the first live-action
scooby-doo movie and it was cute I it
was very gratifying when scrappy-doo was
the villain because I think just about
everybody loves to hate scrappy
anonymous says rich if you were paid to
pick a superhero storyline slash
smash-up to be made into a movie and you
only had a couple of minutes to think of
something for 10 million dollars what
would what would you on a whole kick
there you have it
they want to know if the game is growing
on you
what do you mean growing on me I never
hated this no no they said having played
it where I forget his quote already
disappeared but oh shoot I said
something about the fact I love this
game when we streamed it the other night
oh wait I hate everything no no I love
this game
sorry you don't need everything you just
hate a lot of things yeah Dennis
scorpion yes it was I'm sort this thing
looks like the graphics look like they
they're from the Super Nintendo I said
trying to do these days yeah didn't
bother me like a man it's like games
that were out before I was born
animation further would you rather I was
would you rather this is some horrible
looking 3d I don't know would you prefer
this is some horrible looking 3d well
you already stated that it was horrible
looking what was horrible looking this
you said it would happy horrible looking
I mean I might not mind if it was good
looking 3d or it just had smooth edges
unless pixelation it's less true
pixelation that's going me I need like a
little flag I could hold up like my turn
to speak I'm rolling my eyes
oh can i tart no oh okay it's all yours
it's all yours
then not only are most NES games less
than 2 megabytes when ripped to a rom
file but Super Mario Brothers original I
remember downloading the ROM for that
and it was like 53 kilobytes and I was
like what knowledge accurate you say
that why there's an extremely anti
piracy under any circumstance whatsoever
to be fair at the time there was no
other way to get the game other than to
play it on the original hardware and I
wanted to play it portably
shit
oh yes I mean there's you know there's
on one hand there's you know
yes creators deserve to get paid for
their content and blah blah on the other
hand some of the stuff with some of
these corporations where it's like we're
gonna tell you if when and how you get
to play our stuff I mean I know it's
theirs but for goodness sakes
what if you want to play it you know I
wanted to play it on my DS login to the
server but you couldn't at the time you
didn't have that option like now you can
actually buy those games for your DS and
whatnot and they're not to much but at
the time they literally were not out for
the other systems a webkinz stream isn't
that like some kind of like set of
stuffed animals that you like scan their
tags and then you can unlock them on the
website or something that sounds
horrible it is horrible and yet I forget
which one it was but I thought one of
the stuffed animals was cute so I went
on like eBay and it's like you can get
them for nothing because the kids just
want their codes they literally don't
even want the stuffed animals okay the
there clarifying about you painting this
game they said rich I didn't say you
hated this game and I remember from the
last session that you felt frustrated
that there wasn't a clear goal for you
to work toward I was wondering if that
said the real Veon there's still not
it's incomplete it's early access
there's not an ending yet I get I
understand more that yeah you go there's
gonna be some yeah you know why you have
completely derailed me you've completely
derailed me oh the real Veon is gonna
beat me up
so but anyway yeah so there's more goals
now no the same articles it's just an
unfinished game it's early access oh
okay well you can't really get mad at a
game I think first was not fun not
expressed mild frustration the other
night it wasn't it wasn't horrible
criticism you went after me tough
titties okay
am i replacing Jack no one can replace
Jack also no I'm here I'm here
mostly when when Jack isn't here and I
don't have to work or something this
isn't what we wrote you bear to be alone
and I've been on the stream with Jack
and whatnot but if they're I'm not
really a big gamer so if they're like
doing a big gimme stream I feel like a
third wheel
oh all our big gamey streams
occasionally
climb that thing god I wish I could use
me who's the guy playing the guy playing
is rich whoa thank you are they saying
you can interrupt me whatever you like
and they don't mind
no but they probably will now cuz I
don't think they do think they like
watchin you get wound up what do I want
Karen Lisa stream 2070 thorns or big
thorn
Nana missus rich thinks the laughs every
decade Hollywood seeks new adaptable
sources to plunder with this decade
being comics what do you think will be
the next bagging bandwagon video games
anime porn oh I have no idea
there's dumb video games you did that a
lot in the 90s alright go ahead if I
know what the next big thing was I'd be
a millionaire I'd be doing it that's not
sure I wouldn't have that I wouldn't
have the fun to it what I say Care Bears
because they did Care Bears when we were
in the 80s and then they had like the
Care Bears revival in the 2000 so now
they can have a revival for the people
who got into Care Bears during the
revival it's also eighties cartoons
eighties cartoons for people who got
into 80's cartoons 20 years after the
fact okay who are now nostalgic for them
despite the fact that they weren't born
when they were out you think that's
gonna be as big as the comic book movies
no okay
last question what's gonna what's gonna
replace all these comic book movies they
need different comic book movies I want
to see a Squirrel Girl movie and I want
to see a Black Widow movie and I
definitely want to see a lumberjanes
movie
maybe a Gotham Academy movie Oh in a
bitch Planet movie a bitch Planet movie
with with some of the people from glow
what is bitch planet it's so I haven't
I've only read the early issues I have
not I am NOT up to date on it but it's
say a planet for women who are not
sufficiently subservient to go to prison
and then they they're going to have like
a have them in like death battles or
something really
yeah we watched the first like three
episodes of glow and it wasn't bad yeah
you don't seem super enthusiastic about
watching the rest though I just wasn't
in super enthusiastic about watching
anything it was like and then we went
and watched like actual glow and my god
is it terrible what are you respect but
it's not even good terrible mm-hmm it's
effective effectively an amateur
wrestling show yeah I enjoyed it when I
was a kid I like eight of anything
wrestling fair enough and I was a bit
young for the boobies to be the drop I
was like 85 okay you were barely weaned
off right hey rich Michael Cote CA
California probably says hey rich and
Karen as always thanks for the endless
trash I mean laughs since video games
were brought up have you guys thought of
having a a chai tea be half in the bag I
have that we're video game movies are
broken down no Mike and Jay don't give a
shit about video game movies or video
games that is specifically then if you
wouldn't get anything out of it it has
video game movie says have no meaning to
them video game movies have no meaning
to most people most of them I mean
they're generally terrible you see what
they did to full - I don't know loud
once that was a video game to rare in
the movie and Myka Jay be like I want
Princeton it was a video game I don't
know there was a video game that's what
Mike and Jays Persia they do you like
like they've even heard of the the game
I'll bet a good cheesy movie they're not
gamers she'd be like a good cheesy money
Python style comedy based on Dragon
Warrior I could get behind that you
could
other people good to do it it's not
gonna be Monty Python no but somebody
not me you're asking for a thing that
can never be do you think about video
games is like their most of them the
plot is pretty thin to begin with you
know it's like three sentences mostly
like the eighties ones and the nineties
ones well they they stop making games
now games are just movies so that's not
true anymore I mean like say you're
making a movie of and then they did I
believe of Super Mario Brothers I mean
if you just if you're trying to create
based off of what the what the first
game gives you I mean it's like okay so
there's some guy and his girlfriend's
been stolen and he keeps fighting his
way through castles and landscapes and
every time he finds out it's a mushroom
guy in drag pretending to be his
girlfriend The Last of Us is pretty
popular right I hear they're going to
make a game out of it
they're compliant for somebody's
comparing the Super Mario Brothers movie
to the the astronaut with the pills and
whatnot painting oh yeah yeah trying not
to see ghosts
movies are just books with pictures or a
challenge what about books with pictures
like picture books no less I say that I
don't know somebody's trying to quote to
put it as a quote of you Street Fighter
is so bad it's good how can you beat the
line for you the day bison graced our
village was the most important day of
your life but for me it was Tuesday it's
weird but it's a lose vaguely
interesting that's just a flat-out what
the fuck
hmm the backstory behind Tetris and
Rubik's Cube are great stories but the
actual game shouldn't be movies yeah
although you know Rubik's Cube the movie
might be at your stake or you can make a
movie obtain a movie about Tetris about
the legal battles about the designer did
he have any kind of interesting life
besides making touches you know
something like that could be interesting
I don't know yeah like a documentary is
there a really interesting story behind
it and nothing there's something
traumatic gotta make a movie but I know
they were illegal bad essentially a
documentary in there yeah wasn't kubera
which cube movie i don't know what cube
is not do you that's a horror movie with
people inside a rotating deathtrap thing
oh yeah probably not superficially
resembles a Rubik's Cube only the little
cubes or rooms you go in that have death
traps have you seen that the thing
somebody made where it's fake it's a
crab solving a rubik's cube but of
course it's fake but it looks real No
Cubert the movie I think they had I I
think
Cubert was one of these Saturday morning
cartoon soulless creatures okay
pac-man yeah so was Rubik's Cube there
was an 80s Rubik's Cube cartoon did it
have eyes yes
did it talk yes what did it say I don't
remember what it said nothing was my
best problem just got a space alien
well the eighties gave us electric
dreams and that was pretty silly where
the the guys robot they're the guys
computer fell in love with his
girlfriend and then it was in his car
stereo or something they both are the
same oh you're welcome for introducing
you to lumberjanes lumberjanes is great
fun
so speaking of scooby-doo is the
scooby-doo team-up where they take
scooby-doo this could be do game and
various entities from the DC Universe
and make them interact lumber Jill's
maybe Jack and Jill
is that a fart sound yes sirs
is that from your game or SEP from from
well it's the the sub noise now I'm good
anyway I should change back to what the
fuck that was so wild should just fix
the volume on that they'll do a new
version of it I think you should record
yourself trying to make that hearing you
repeatedly say what the fuck just to get
it right try to get it right but can't
believe me half the fun Karen you mean
get it right I mail that every time oh
yeah what the fuck No what do we know
like what the fuck what the fuck there
that's a little better
oh wow I've never been criticized before
like that what the fuck I don't know I
don't know what to make of this I'm not
afraid to criticize not afraid of the
specter of rich Evans the myth the man
the myth the legend somebody says rich
is doing rich wrong I know that the the
version that I've heard used a lot is
it's more is lesser what the fuck and
what more a what the fuck so
you know honestly I catch a Tetris
cartoon could potentially be really
trippy or really stupid kind of like the
Wonder Twins except you know six
different shapes cooperating to do
whatever it is they're trying to do
let's make a bridge guys everybody put
your parts together not having a good
first floor need more strength upgrades
Anonymous's guys please play affordable
space adventures Karen you'd love it I
have no idea what it is yeah look it up
on the computer if you want a laptop let
me open up another window
blah blah blah available now nintendo
eshop much good is it weird rainbow the
screenshots tell me nothing the
impressions are just quotes of people
gushing the trailer yes I know what's
for the Wii U I don't give a shit show
me what it looks like all right is it on
Steam turn the Sun down trying to just
dissolve the playing someone else's ad
I'm trying to stop it
I can't stop it how do I close it you're
gonna get the stream there we go so yeah
there's like 10 seconds of me trying to
turn off the trailer sound the trackpad
on this thing doesn't quite work right
no it's awful and I'm used to track pads
I use the chrome that Chromebook
everyday you don't count because you
hate track pads period yeah
check pads are not perfect but the
better than having a mouse hanging off
of your either hanging off of your
laptop or not attached to your laptop in
which case you have to keep track of
where it is all the time do I remember
pound puppies they're dogs and sometimes
they end up at the pound
I had pound puppies and my palm puppies
had a bunch of little outfits and I had
generic pound puppies and generic pound
puppy outfits and pound puppy dog food
things and pom puppies where dogs for
little girl wore dolls for little girls
who happen to be dogs
everybody had pom puppies I had pound
puppies I had Care Bear figures although
I didn't have any full-sized Care Bears
and generic Care Bears Smurf toys I had
every 80's every early to mid eighties
piece of craft that children bug their
parents for Monchichi was a little
before my time my sister had Monty
cheese DX Richie says I'm one of the few
people who enjoys the nerd Cru videos it
sounds like kind of a backhanded
compliment and another you're one of the
few where those inspired by a corps of
fans that want you to sell out and talk
about Star Wars of comics 24/7 or is
that just a stereo satire of those type
of vids
or satire those type of ID's how about
this it's fun
I had a boggling tour that was you
talking about things interesting toys it
was like this rubber puppet and you
could reach up inside of it and make its
eyes move and it was really kind of
creepy
Anonymous is good evening rich I'm from
Kentucky so everyone assumes I like UK
basketball even though I don't do you
ever get annoyed with people to assuming
you're a Cubs fan oh yeah yes we were
weird am i early we went to an out of
town my early game for fun and it was
summer under st. Louis and we go to this
this game the gateway Grizzlies and the
people there notice we're wearing like a
half the opposing team we're gonna have
them the Windy City Thunderbolts and
everyone you know they no other from
Chicago and we walk by you know down the
stands and see it was like oops ugh yes
they do
tried it trying to try and uh what's
word I'm looking for her hassle I was
trying to give a shit well everybody
everybody just assumes coab's you stupid
yes said if you're from Chicago you're a
Cubs fan which is not true I mean they
come to admittedly have a numerically
larger fan base but the Sox have a loyal
following of quite a few people I went
when I moved up here one of my do
another job I'm at now but um the girl
the one girl she goes so I got to ask
you something and I said yes and she
goes are you Cubs fan or a Brewers fan
I'm like I'm a Sox fan then she got to
look on her face like oh that never
occurred to me or was it Boston's
nowhere near here oh geez that might
have been what she was thinking possibly
the sex don't have much of a following
outside of the Chicago area I know that
but people like flat up forget that they
exist yeah wave things
guten abend harridans
hello cous T hunt Frau Karen rich
weirdest fan encounter you ever get
ready to tell us no I think we did tell
them about it the one that hit me in the
face yeah the other thing I have not
told them no no that's I think that was
the weirdest panic downer all right yeah
the weirdest fan encounter that that I
can think of that I've ever been witness
to is when one of Rich's fans met him
and started joking about would it be
funny if I hit rich Evans of the face oh
no he was he said he was he was gushing
all over me like like utterly
embarrassingly excited ruining me yeah
and he said I don't know if you can tell
the Gober and I said well you're doing a
very bad job of hiding it and this this
moron uh thinks it would be a good idea
after I say that to fake punch me in the
face
oh you accept that he actually was so
excited he actually hit me hard enough
to be uncomfortable hard enough to be a
comfort when I heart have to be like
like like injure beer yeah it was just
weird very weird he doesn't call all his
fans morons but this particular fan
would probably work with that particular
episode
he hit you with his that might have been
his best shot who knows
our Miller if it sounds like a lovely
encounter I hope somebody at some point
accidentally punches you with the face -
they said Richard the legend Evans
doesn't flinch
I didn't think rich I wouldn't expect
somebody to punch me in the face he's
fully fully expected that the person
would you know have control over their
limbs like a normal person our Miller
says we could punch him all day well you
know we probably don't live where you
are but I'm sure you could find somebody
who's nearby you if you just stand on a
street corner and say I love being
punched in the face or maybe at a bar
somebody's bound to take you up
what celebrity would I go crazy about if
I met them or was that director you
what's what celebrity would you go crazy
about if you'd met them I don't think I
would I'd mean you've met some
celebrities and you haven't punched them
I don't think what about what if I met a
celebrity well I mean how famous you
have to be to be I mean
you've met people that are well known as
you are or probably huh yeah I mean you
know just I would say you ask
ninety-nine out of a hundred 50 year
olds who rich Evans's and they aren't
gonna know my mother is certainly not
familiar with your work it's just
probably for the best
yeah sure I like it she probably would
she has a sense of humor she does
you know they listen max landis I mean
people know whom I explained to says but
I I and you didn't punch him in the face
right it wasn't like I was a huge max
landis fan though fair enough
who are you huge fan of that's a good
question and why am i a huge fan of one
of the people who does spydra spider-man
I can't think of anyone I would meet
where I'm like oh my god and so and so I
looks people are people I know I know
they're not like magically weirdly
different I mean some people have egos
but those people are observable I mean
people who are who are quote unquote
famous or either regular people or you
know they're assholes in which case who
really wants to meet them or the weirdly
neurotic which you know they can't help
who the hell is this guy's name the
comedian who was in space cop was also
in Parks and Rec and Portlandia had a
whole scene like a minion who's in space
kakizou Patton Oswalt
aren't you the comedian Fame I think I
mean famous comedian everybody's a
comedian and Neil deGrasse Tyson I don't
think rich would like urinate all over
himself with excitement no no I knew we
liked your work yeah keep making more of
it please
no rich wasn't in Parks and Rec I think
they're saying that the guy from parks a
person who was was also in space cop
this would have to be Patton Oswalt I've
heard the name he's a comedian I don't
know if he was on Parks and Rec or not
but he was in space Cobb is the only
only name yeah I heard space cops so
currently well enough known that I've
heard of his name I mean I didn't always
the space cops I haven't seen his face
cop cameo I don't know what he looks
like there's a funny chubby white guy
like you
yeah or Mike for that matter
someone is describing him as being like
a troll doll without the funny hair
hopefully I'm sure his face looks
different
I hope the only way somebody would look
like a troll doll facially is if they
had some kind of really unfortunate
genetic issue I don't even know which
one face Lexia
face flexing it cannot find any strength
upgrades tonight
you were those trolls dolls rich did you
ever see that they're up and my mother's
attic now but should you ever see the
collection I had no I had like 50 other
thing is an all different outfit why
they're all hideous kind of cute and
their outfits were precious Dan outfits
oh yeah yeah I mean I only have like one
of them that was naked all of them they
had they had clothes yeah I had one that
was dressed like a reindeer and one that
was dressed like Santa Claus and mrs.
Claus and a pumpkin and a vampire and
all kinds of things I had one of them
that was that was wearing white I had a
an off-brand one and a regular one what
if it was wearing it later I was the one
who was wearing a dear Dolan all kinds
of different they had different country
wands and all different troll themes
yeah
strengthen upgrade strength not health
well yeah a lot I mean there were a lot
of naked ones but Ross I think it was
for for a while they released a whole
series of them in different outfits and
I also liked the way they smelled they
had this kind of rubber vinyl sort of
smell it was like an air freshener for
my room the off switch says speaking of
talking of celebrities would like to
punch I just found out that there are
two late-night host called Jimmy I'm
from Scotland so I don't see them off
and so I just assumed it was the same
guy for years nope Jimmy Kimmel and
felon oh yeah are they that different
yeah Jimmy Kimmel has talent Jimmy
Fallon just kind of an asshole Jimmy
Kimmel the one head though it was on the
man show yeah okay I the other thing I
really remember for the man chair was at
one clip with a they had the little boy
he had like a lemonade stand but instead
he was selling beer yeah well my
favorite from the man show was when they
went around like protesting having
people sign a petition
oh and women's suffrage because
apparently some decent percentage of the
halation can't tell the difference
between suffering and suffrage yeah your
four mothers fought for your right to go
to school and that be so illiterate and
stupid
our Millennials ruining everything an
illegal aliens are running everything
the only thing that I don't like about
Millennials is their upstair is obsessed
with themselves as a group and a
demographic is the baby boomers you know
it's just like this never-ending stream
of articles about the the Millennials
have discovered toes the Millennials
picked their noses Millennials this
Millennials that you know I mean and
which is you know in between the baby
boomers are all dead the baby boomers
are retiring the baby boomers haven't
saved enough for retirement baby boomers
need new knees and on and on and on the
baby boomers have decided that they're
tweeners instead of seniors and like you
know you never hear anything about our
generation which is in between the two
just saying but I mean want hills is
people they're fine they're a big group
of people for one thing it's not like
they're a monolith but I feel sorry for
the sheer number of them that that are
working crappy jobs and servicing
massive student debt
it well just yes it is other generations
talking about the Millennials but some
of my Facebook friends who I know in
real life who are Millennials are
constantly real inking these articles
just because they used the word
millennial so apparently they just love
to hear about them oh this person loves
to hear about his generation and his
friends love to talk about themselves
which is weird that part's weird
well other than the posting stupid
articles about you know the miletti only
the blood heels eat tuna and the
Millennials can use a fork and the
Millennials are 2% more intelligent than
the little brother or whatever other
than that they're just fine this person
or people well and part of the thing
like with Generation X and that whatnot
is the way they stretched it out it's
like the baby boomers are like twenty
years and the Millennials are like
twenty years and Generation X is like
ten eight or something so part of that
is a little bit misleading plus there
was just like a totally dear and the
birthrate in the mid seventies in pi day
skateboards didn't come with batteries
seriously batteries what well isn't that
what though those hoverboards are kind
of like a sideways skateboard that you
just stand on all right I'm really old
what hoverboards are you talking about
they're kind of like segways without
handles
I've not seen these those things I kept
catching fire what are you talking about
somebody playing a prank on me I've not
heard of this no there's yeah it's like
a it was a thing platform that you stand
on and it's got like some kind of
gyroscope of crap in it or something and
you you stand there and I guess you lean
forward it goes forward or something
they're the reason they're popular with
people who have a lot of money and live
in urban areas and want to commute 14
feet and don't like to walk I don't know
they have long boards with
battery-powered when I was a kid my
skateboard was transportation my
skateboard was what I pulled out
whenever my parents decided to punish me
by grounding me from my bike we're going
to the ramparts does Rich know he's
using a computer or some newfangled NES
we're just using a computer these
graphics look like they're circa 1991
but the game is not and that's an
aesthetic choice it's not my favorite
aesthetic choice but lots of people love
it I think it's some kind of joke about
me not knowing what the stupid segway
thing is I'm sure people will Photoshop
you riding cucumbers with wheels now you
know if they were if they were if they
were freaking more affordable it
wouldn't be bad at all having a segue
then I'd be old well I mean Matt and his
wife Georgette's who live around here
you know who I'm talking about he's
using he's using one of the segway type
things with a seat on it basically is
like a wheelchair because his knees are
shot which certainly sexier than you
know with scooter so you know they are
popular with people who are old or at
least decrepit
no it isn't right in the 13th Sunday the
sixth one
you saw someone fall off a Segway it
looks painful and also hilarious isn't
this at least a solution do the
balancing for you or something they hit
like a really big bump where they doing
something absolutely idiotic I'll try
this I'll try this just get the Segway
and get a rascal scooter but those
rascal scooters like their way a
shit-ton the the Segway like things with
the seats you can actually just throw in
your car trunk which makes them good for
like the person I mentioned who's you
know his joints are shit he can still
walk but not that far I heard the
inventor of the Segway fell off a cliff
on a Segway which is I'm a bad person
for thinking so I even I know I but
terribly even big but come on it's kind
of funny maybe it's not kind of funny it
is sustained it was he like supposedly
just trying to be polite to get out of
somebody's way or something and now the
person feels guilty forever that he
killed that they killed him assuming
they heard me fall whoa liddie have a
heart attack
oh he was testing an off-roading version
well that was definitely off-road didn't
even hurt a Tucker things just just
accidentally drove off the cliff when he
was trying to move over or something I'm
trying to make sense out of it maybe the
cliff like gave way a little or
something I don't know he died
peacefully that's screaming like his
passengers did they can you have a
passenger on a Segway how much weight to
those things handle he was testing the
parachute version Segway with the
ejector seat
each segment receipt yeah the Segway
owners alive and well in New Hampshire I
think he's dead I really do think he's
found her a founder inventor founder
inventor found her the same person I
don't know this was a new story I
remember hearing about this and I
thought it was a fairly legit one yeah I
think we're right to sadden Friday's
t-shirts to Freud a sham Freud is the
best fighter they see me rolling on my
Segway they all think I'm white and
nerdy I love that song white and nerdy
it's great especially where he's like
strolling up to the car and the two
black dudes are rolling up the window
rich do you lift weights
he picks up things like Fame controllers
good way something yeah technically
speaking I lift weights what you can do
about it
sadden Friday is it's a German word in
the German language the best word we've
ever stolen from the German language
it's not technique it's not technically
in our the English dictionary there is
no currently no English word for I don't
know that it's in Webster's oh it's
probably an Oxford Oxford has sets the
bar pretty low is Oxford the one that
has emojis in there now Oxford is the
one that's that's about someone at iwo
some dictionary whore feet thick some
dictionary head emoji as the word of the
year it's probably the OED or a demotion
on the word emoji an emoji I would
imagine it's a long word along with
communicate and site-geist and
poltergeist
what well what a shot in front of me
for people who don't know I shot for it
is is taking pleasure and other people's
misery the Germans have a word for that
when something bad happens to someone
and that makes you gleeful usually
because you don't like them not because
you're a straight-up sadist I'm looking
for damage upgrades himmelblau what is
that blue heaven heaven blue so I mean
something in English
somebody's comparing emojis to
hieroglyphics I don't know I think
Egyptian that started I'm saying is
pictures for words but then it became
something a little bit more abstract hmm
what they're saying is we're going
backwards I just want to just want to
make this clear we're going backwards
but what disguise oh yeah himmelblau
sounds like it would be sky blow like
Himalayas heavens or whatever but the
heavens or sky or something but what
does sky blue have to do with
communicate I thought maybe it was like
a word that meant something that we
don't have in English like we don't have
the word an exact equivalent of
communicate or poltergeist we kind of
say the spirit of the times which is
site-geist exactly did I witness rich
speaking German he said communica or no
he said um satin Friday oh you mean like
when he took it in high school I think
he didn't like it much I was never very
good yeah we had nothing against it see
we both took German in high school
mostly because the high school German
teacher was just a fun guy it was a fun
class he's a pushover he was a pushover
yeah also also if you made an effort you
got an A if you didn't give him any
trouble you got a B if you showed up and
had a pulse you got a see if he really
hated you he still would give you a D I
remember one guy who was a really kind
of annoying and he basically gave him a
D passed him and and said I don't want
you taking it next year but if you want
to take the year after that we'll talk I
don't feel my education was waste wasted
I mean I learned a fair amount of German
I got A's I was in the whatever the
runner Society is for students of German
I mean I took it seriously and I liked
it it's just that he didn't if you
wanted to learn
a decent amount of stuff it was kind of
self-study and he would support you the
class itself was relatively easy if you
you didn't have to do well to get a good
grade in the class but if you really put
yourself into it you could learn a fair
amount there was a guy in my class
that's on the football team nice guy on
the football team but the big man could
and he every every German Gleaves I'm a
German class he would make it his goal
to see how long he could distract her
Schmidt before cold you know delay class
starting think he would ask him random
questions about this or that we had a
math teacher and junior high that has to
do this too he could he could get hair
Schmidt going for like just 30 minutes
before any kind of lesson would start it
would just bake it was like his little
game to see how much time he could waste
at any time because that okay class now
here we got to get to it nope yeah I
mean if you actually studied the book
and made an effort to learn everything
in the chapters you'd end up learning a
fair amount of stuff and he definitely
went over all the grammar and everything
and and yeah I probably should have
taken Spanish it would have been more
useful in my daily life living the
United States but socially it was a good
time I probably would have been overall
more benefited by taking Spanish but I
was not harmed by taking German it was a
good time
Esperanto is neat I've never put in the
effort to learn very much of it that's
one that's like a hodgepodge right yeah
it's like they they look for
commonalities between European languages
and tried to make things simplified and
easy to learn the idea is to have like a
universal language yet Chinese probably
is where it's at these days learnt
learning Arabic is I'm sure very useful
it used to be learning Russian was a
good idea I don't know that in the
future
Russia's gonna have as much of an impact
on world politics as it looks like China
may have but who knows I love crystal
ball
yeah there is no universal language it
would be kind of cool if there was and a
lot of people in a lot of places grow up
speaking multiple languages I I grew up
in a monolingual household I know some
dirty words and Croatian but I probably
don't even pronounce them right and I'm
not gonna say them here that's about it
that's about as far as we didn't get to
say it last time we're about to see the
boss first boss of the game currently
there are only two bosses in the game so
also kind of the halfway point English
is a universal trade language in english
is the language of like airports and
whatnot
but you know Mandarin Chinese is got
morse is white more widely spoken second
language supposedly so yeah if I was
gonna pick a language to learn as far as
world politics I'd probably pick Chinese
first and Arabic second because there's
always so much political stuff going
there going on there in recent decades
living in the United States Spanish
would allow me to talk to a lot of
people Arabic Spanish and French are all
spoken in the factory where you work
that's cool
having having worked worked in grocery
stores reasonably often I most of the
Spanish I know is related to that I know
a lot of words for vegetables and things
it's a long bridge yeah are those fart
sounds coming from the chat they're
coming from the TV but why are they
coming from the TV because they're kind
of there in a way the roundabout way
they're coming from the chat it's the
sound it makes and somebody subscribes
oh okay
you barrel they probably barely hear it
Irish is the language of the future I
was just pretty cool sounding I I can't
look at Irish and read it or even think
about how to pronounce things the the
letters do not correspond to the same
sounds that they do in English English
needs stricter words for enunciation and
stricter stricter rules and and and
spelling that isn't weird in archaic
welfare my sisters Irish is so Gaelic
it's it and it's like get get Iike or
something right it's it's not Gallagher
Gallagher I'm not sure exactly how they
pronounce Gaelic but it's different than
Gaelic Gaelic is like the English
version of the Irish word for the Irish
language or something
so Dourdan going get down here so what
else is a new Richard I've been read the
tips um
[Music]
if rich could choose to be an animal
which one would he be human
uh we went through this and I said I
would be in the and earth all which is
an animal as humans are animals but it's
a different species and and one led
that's alright just as smart as us
that's was anonymous and the off switch
says the bio and owner of the Segway was
riding an off-road version along the
coast he encountered two walkers and
decided to let them pass he reversed off
the path to give them room but went over
ouch so it was like a prototype Segway
the prototype off-road Segway which
maybe the hands like was weird because
it was a prototype who is something that
doesn't have predators like blue whale I
suspect they're poor or human being
I suspect that blue whales are down
there wishing that they could get their
flippers over their ears because we make
so much noise with our submarines and
things that they're just just spending
all their time thinking oh my god will
humans just shut up possibly
Oh humans definitely have plenty of
predators
fortunately we tend to have plenty of
weapons I mean you know a naked human
with a lion I'll take for granted that
it's naked against each other you know I
mean a regular adult lion against a
naked human it's not really gonna be
much of a battle not really using the
frost blast I'm getting my freezing done
with grenades the humans predators are
humans yeah unfortunately this is true
that is extremely true
well I think nothing usually preys on
humans because they have kind of a
they've they've been they've a dowel
evolved or been conditioned or passed
down in some way that that humans tend
to have scary abilities to kill other
animals and sharks if they take a bite
of us usually decide that we're not
fatty enough and bad for their digestion
and they just as soon not bother and go
eat a seal so it's a terrible damage
what is that big fat blue thing an Emmy
can you be a little more specific no
gram really is that a hammerhead shark
on the wall yes why I say because we're
in support I don't know they want to
know what your favorite John Carpenter
film Big Trouble in Little China
I like his glowing battle-ax or whatever
that is if it only has like one blade is
it still a battle-axe I'm not sure or
the things with two blades something
other than a battle-axe with that hi I'm
rich and Karen says the william mister
can you tell us about what happened
after rich od'd on tomes was it a
festival or did he just have a horrid
stomachache
did you eat a lot of tums unbridled
creativity amongst our fans is wow it's
just sad so just a reflection pretty
well in the water
he does hate fans and I've every night I
turn on the fan and he really doesn't
like it much it's true it's not that I
don't like you occasionally I'm just
disappointed in you
very very disappointed
am i extremely unhappy or people
misinterpreting my tone I'm not
extremely unhappy
that's just how I talk mildly sarcastic
maybe but not extremely unhappy yes
you're disappointing children to which
alas and not hanker just disappoint it
no I'm cool
they say they'll never be is up because
you and please don't look down on them
just being what they said they'll never
be as epic as you and please don't look
down on them am i cool with a w I have
no idea if that has some kind of
sinister hidden meaning I presumably
it's the Internet I just assume
everybody well yes I've seen the
spelling but I I can only assume that
since this is the internet that
everything that sounds innocent has some
kind of hidden meeting like Netflix and
chill doesn't mean chilling out and
watching Netflix
I found that out the hard way but
fortunately it was rich I think you know
what that means doesn't it don't you I
thought you were no I thought it just
meant what it meant no it doesn't just
mean what it means but so apparently
like I've got the sophistication level
of somebody's mom or old enough to be
somebody's mom oh for sure means here's
a ticket to bone town but anyway I don't
know what other meanings Katie WL might
mean but if coal is the antithesis of
nerdy I'm nerdy you're you're you're
erring on the side of caution I am
my browser homepages urban dictionary I
don't know if you've read too much urban
dictionary you just you'd be afraid to
say anything there's like 8,000 things
that mean something else
it's like when you're in junior high and
people would be like haha you're wearing
green and it's a Friday that must mean
you're horny oh yeah what you were like
colors you weren't supposed to wear
certain days because supposedly it meant
you were horny when we were like 12 and
sixth grade because I've not heard sixth
graders are and back then it was
probably true well yeah like all six
were frustrated and hormonal and and
going to continue to be frustrated and
hormonal for years to come in most cases
sure I like broadswords technically
technically does more damage but the
sort of God has a hundred and seventy
five damage on frozen I'm doing a lot of
freezing I want the big Thord but I
can't I can't
all kids think that they invented sex
I suspect the baby boomers as adults
still think they invented sex
which bit difficult elites light up
there perfected six maybe the Hindus
oh the the Kama Sutra wrote a freaking
book yeah a yoga manual kind of a book
that assumes that everyone has really
flexible ligaments I'm not gonna be easy
are you talking about pre prehistoric
there's all kinds of interesting
carvings in in prehistory in ancient
history and modern times look up
Japanese penis festival there's like no
wait what it's like indigenous like I'm
not sure if it's Shinto or what I'm
pretty ignorant about which group it is
but in rural Japan there's there's
traditional and in some you know small
towns are traditional like town parades
with giant wooden penises that are kind
of fascinating for fertility sake or
something all right
and it's it's it's very large it's
wooden and it's cartoonish and it's kind
of funny
rich anonymous is rich keep up the
amazing content besides DB Cooper versus
Bigfoot which best the worst film would
you like a big-budget Hollywood remake
of fast sweeper is that about mine
sweepers no got a vigilante cop I saw
potential in there for a fine us a
series low good low budge budget schlock
but good low budget schlock is supposed
to ban which kind of is oh god yeah
that's new keys do have comically large
balls but the Mario version did not alas
that's shocking
I'm supposed to pretend to be surprised
that tanukis didn't have large balls and
Mario should I say oh my god just really
you know hammer at home it must not be
working if the penis festival promotes
fertility why does Japan a negative
birthrate probably because they don't
have enough penis festivals yeah they
don't have enough penis festivals Mario
3 is totally big balls
I mean he's spitting testicles out of
his mouth wink and you're like fire
Mario would you be happy or sad if
Hollywood decided to remake a lenka
Basinski movie will see a be sad is that
filmmaker we made fun of and then he
came on the show because he was really
cool about it boy he sounded like a nice
person
yeah and a very good sport he knows like
karate and stuff he could have beat you
up he could have more than fake punch
too
yep or if you wanted
fake stuff he could have faked all kinds
of cool stuff you and barely made
contact they said you're gonna freak out
when they remake they live there's some
people the aliens were like in charge of
society and they had subliminal message
everywhere and you can only see their
true faces when you wore the special
sunglasses Oh kind of like Bartlet vs.
the space mutants which is the directly
referencing and wide I don't think I've
seen that one
ready ready five four stars in it
I said lens also been getting his films
on Amazon Prime which is neat oh it's
for streaming yeah well that's good
definitely broaden his audience I have
not seen his films but he sounds like a
nice guy in a good sport
so I wish him wish him luck money sex
and all other good things people want
mostly money well he can get probably
get sex if you have money if that's what
you want to do no no I did not
kaleidoscope kaleidoscopic 20 says what
the fucking fucked I never get the
notifications you guys are streaming
anymore
I'm sorry yeah pretty sure Jack sent out
a tweet on my behalf
wish me sex and money to brick Jaeger I
wish you sex and money
I hope you I hope you get a happy
consenting sex with happy people who
consent to sex and money by legitimate
legal and emotionally fulfilling means
all right which one of these was the
egress
no to burgers Kirk there really isn't a
Santa Claus there is no Santa Claus I'm
sorry rich I knew the William mr. says
rich wasn't trying to vomit a meme out
of the stream I'm actually curious about
any side effects the Tom's had I didn't
actually consume a half a bottle of
Tom's most of them were spit out into a
cup that I had next to the chair I ate
about four of them which honestly is
less than what I normally eat tonight
because I've had acid reflux my entire
life I'm sure he feels very
disillusioned yeah anyway here's some
money and thanks for all the
entertainment welcome here are you also
somebody said something about bismuth I
don't think Tom's have bismuth
pepto-bismol does I think Tom's are just
chalk like they just you know hacked up
something like the White Cliffs of Dover
into pellets died of pink and sit here
get go we don't need those stick in
landmark Americans have heartburn too
many Chinese horse penis hot dogs
and I'm gonna guess if you eat a lot of
you know there might be long-term kept
consequences to sucking down massive
amounts of calcium if you ate tons and
tons but I'm gonna guess it probably
just makes you constipated or something
in the short term kidney stones yeah
eating too much calcium get your kidney
stone supposedly they said tell you to
try half a teaspoon in water for
heartburn of water no that's not gonna
do check shit
I I don't think you've had heartburn I
mean the only kind of teaspoon that you
can ingest easily is one made of gallium
tea spoon what now water it sounded like
it a teaspoon in water I'm a teaspoon of
what obviously you can't eat the the
teaspoon itself unless it's made of
gallium which might be poisonous for all
I know but I hear it melts at room
temperature not much above well not room
temperature but maybe body temperature
in hot coffee anyway consume the actual
tea so that's what I'm saying seriously
rich when was the last time you had a
check-up not that long ago few years -
yeah
if that
the word the Ren Faire has been
attracting a lot of trashy people you
know it's like 20 bucks to get in so I
mean I don't know what your definition
of trashy people is it most of the
people there are are young to
middle-aged people just going and
hanging out or families and kids it's
pretty squeaky crowd with lots of nerds
and lots of fandoms and I enjoy it it's
good you know for me like once every
five years
maybe I would be happy to go five times
a year
oh we can go again this year
we almost have to tell a story there's
much of a story though
don't let's not forget the prequel last
year sure okay so last year we were
gonna go to the Ren Faire and we got
tickets and I left them at home so we
had to buy tickets when we got to the
gate and then we had to go again because
we had to use the tickets because you
know so this year we go to get tickets
again at Walgreens
and rich manages to misplace them and he
thinks he left them at Walgreens and I
call Walgreens to find out if they left
the tickets but we're just even the
first the first year was all you that
was all you that was all me I left the
tickets at home by mistake this time
rich managed to misplace them but he
thought maybe he left them at Walgreens
and so we're on our way home from them
so we bought tickets again from
Walgreens on the way there and then on
the way home he realized where he had
left the tickets they were like in the
[Music]
pouches more between the seat they'd
kind of like foam oh okay I thought they
were in the storage no card or the
inside well anyway so now we've got
another set of tickets to the run fair
so obviously we're gonna have to go
again mmm well I will anyway
it's good damage but I'm gonna try the
shield on the boss see how that works
well maybe the universe doesn't want
school to run the Ren Faire maybe the
universe's wants to go twice a year I
think I think your your you are going
twice you put that on
oh yeah I like the Ren Faire I don't
know that I could do it five times
you're realistically wood there's only
it's a finite amount of stuff there but
I enjoy it
some of those performers know I don't
know they could do this for much longer
yeah that's weird Rishi never talking
about that like like Mooney and and
Bruna what not a lot of their performers
are Mooney I think he seems like 53 or
something and he's been saying for years
this is not sure how much longer he's
gonna physically be able to do with that
they're like 59 no I think you said like
53 but they don't have a lot of it seems
like their best performers are all
people who are getting close to an age
where they might not physically be able
to do juggling and tightrope and so on
does a lot less than he used to yeah so
weird Rooney was a juggler he still is
any comedian basic yeah mostly a silent
commute somewhat famous act for the
Bristol Renaissance yeah he does he does
his act mostly by whistling instead of
talking yeah it is a medieval kind of
thing it's supposedly set in like 15
something or other although they're the
sort of vague about where and wind
because obviously he used to not talk at
all except for one specific yeah and it
was hysterical because he didn't time
you talk during the act because there's
they like yes specifically because it
was the only time you talk to her in the
act now he'd be ruined that because
every now and then he breaks it he talks
yeah especially cuz that gag is right
after his ad for his money bucket which
you know I don't blame him but wait wait
till after the show wait laughter the
bed well maybe he'd this thinks if he
does it at the end of it as soon as he
starts going into his commercial people
are just gonna get up and walk away
cuz the acts done I don't know
and certainly if you can afford to you
should contribute to these people's
livelihood and he is he is good but
anyway our point is that a lot of the
people at the Bristol Renaissance Fair a
lot of a lot of our favorite acts are
people who are in their late 40s and
early 50s and we're wondering if there's
gonna be the same caliber stuff to
replace them and my thought is just that
there are so many people these days that
are young people that are in so much
debt you know that they are worried
about student loans and stuff I'm not
sure that they can go into juggling yeah
did your talk go through lost in
Technicolor I don't see it honestly try
again are you getting touched from today
or yes no I did yeah there have been
several I've read them all roll down the
tongue one was the last one I see I've
seen I see William Meister anonymous
William Meister off switch Anonymous off
switched and thank you for your
generosity uh that's it it's still six I
hate this track pad dot eighty-five
anonymous DX Richey anonymous Michael
Cote and I've read them all as an
anonymous real Veon yeah I don't see one
from you sir or ma'am
after Verbier cake i I don't know what
they pay jugglers or if they simply get
what they get in tips from the audience
I'm not entirely sure what they make but
it sounds like it seems like a lot of
younger people are just really seriously
in debt and I'm imagine starting out and
most of those things you're probably
making jack until you get good at it
yeah but if you go into juggling you
probably aren't going to the same
schools where you end up in serious
debut yeah but probably on a completely
different career but my point is
everybody's being herded into the non
juggling career path and being told that
they've got no future if they don't
graduate from a four-year they'll always
be stupid people pursuing an impossible
dream and I've seen auditions David they
shouldn't be but they try anyway and
moody might have sucked when he was
younger when he was first starting out
it's possible it took years for him to
get good any any good at his routines
almost never li yeah the case I you know
I've never seen he says he'd been doing
it since he was 24 I've never seen the
what the 24 year old Moniz act look like
exactly Jack was a clone yeah the
literal clown and I really loved the one
where he the episode where that was just
great where he's dressed up as a clown
what exactly okay okay
try and have a little bit of fun you
know some pretty attention to it after
that once you know the bed oh I'm sorry
I don't know that Jack ever planned on
making the clown thing his career though
I mean if it somehow fell into his lap
that he could be a clown for a living
he'd probably enjoy that but I think he
always had in mind doing something else
somebody says the last text you saw with
the juggler to run fair somebody pick an
audience number of the audience with a
beer they can close her eyes and steal
their beer mmm that's not very nice okay
lost in Technicolor this tip did go
through rich if you've had acid reflux
problems a long time trying over counted
drug called omeprazole my doctor put me
on it ears ago and I've really had
issues with reflux anymore
here's the thing tums is really cheap
and pretty effective for me I don't know
that I need something else you did the
one in the purple box yeah and then I
saw the big warning label do not take
for a longer than 14 wiggs days Deb week
yeah days yeah worse is a mop resolve
the one that you can take for a while I
don't know you should look into it
I'm honestly not sure if it was nexium
or prilosec or what it was it was
over-the-counter
it was Prioleau sec tri Rolaids they're
just as safe as tums but have magnesium
as well as calcium and act in concert to
be more effective than calcium alone all
right have you ever done we're gonna
find them cheaply in like a big bottle
I've never seen Rolaids in like a the
economy bottled yeah you can buy like a
giant bottle of tums for next to nothing
like the size of giant like cartoonishly
large can you buy cartoonishly large
cheap or if you can buy Rolaids at the
dollar store versus a dollar a roll
cheap I don't know Mike referred to a
bottle for like seven yes it says you
should let Jesus into your heart I don't
know that you know the the icons I've
seen usually have his heart on fire how
do you think I got thorns around it and
stuff
change your diet and lifestyle well you
know isn't that just about anyone and
everything or I could take America I
could take a 1 cent on tablet yeah
basically what part of tums are
effective aren't people getting and yes
we should all exercise like a 20,000
hours a week and eat a lot of kale but
you need to take this thing that works
and change everything that you're doing
what am i what was this the Ghostbusters
reboot I like you have Crohn's disease
I'm sorry that's nasty
I mean like unpleasant for people who
have it what does your
gastroenterologist say if he had a
gastroenterologist they'd probably say
he needs to exercise more and eat more
broth I look at America the doctor made
just a month adjustment just enough that
I really you know Obama care can't do
anything for me I have no insurance
right now I can't afford it
you have Crohn's disease and ankylosing
spondylitis does your immune system
absolutely hate the body it lives in I'm
sorry
someday I will have health insurance
that is not right now how much do I know
about the consequences of the
Yellowstone supervolcano I know that
every half a million years or something
it goes apeshit and fucks up a large
part of North America for years and I
only hope it doesn't do it in my
lifetime I don't wish it on anybody else
in their lifetime but if the species
doesn't kill itself by some other means
humans will again presumably experience
another eruption and God will that suck
actually I was looking at was trying to
check the weather and I saw a headline
that said Yosemite evacuated and I was
like oh shit and I was thinking oh no
and like here no it's finally here yeah
but then I read it and it was about a
forest fire and I remembered oh yeah
that's Yosemite not Yellowstone
Yellowstone has the volcano and isn't
like Wyoming or something and if
somebody is in California I think and as
Horace fires
I think I need to do new weapon
they said nice save I think they meant
the game yep I did
did you play the Dragon Fantasy games if
you like Dragon Warrior and Final
Fantasy yes especially if you like them
in their like early 90s late 80s kind of
incarnations he thought you somebody was
from Looney Tunes that's true like you
somebody Sam he's like he's like from
Texas or something he doesn't act like
you're so Morgan Co Texas parody you're
like a Klondike Gold Rush parody oh
maybe
how did he how did he start off I don't
know he's a fine 49er it's what I
thought were seventies in Northern
California I thought it was in Southern
California I don't honestly I don't know
what part of California what the big
Gold Rush stuff was and do we want to do
any more exploring I might this is
dangerous
I should be one cuz I might get another
power upgrade I'm not a stupid an
article released today said that they
think it might be close to erupting you
know I don't think well if it does we're
all fucked yes I don't think we really
know enough about it unless it starts
going like you know giant earthquakes
every other minute to know when it's
going to erupt other than to know that
it's probably not going to do it
immediately yeah it's it's it doesn't
happen that often so it's probably not
going to happen this week but it would
be really bad if it blew up it would
also be really bad if an asteroid struck
the planets that whole the the
possibility of solar storm strong solar
storms is kind of scary you know I mean
there's all kinds of ways to get dead
somebody said was created to be a
caricature of fritz frailing his
personality was meant to emulate him I
don't know who that is though this is
one of the writers or one of the
directors maybe both well that that
would make sense is there something
you'd advise your younger self not to do
to get certain health problems look we
all know that we should you know eat
healthier and exercise more and that
would probably help a lot of health
problems but you know that's easier said
than done sometimes plus 170 I just
gotta keep remembering to use that keep
remembering to use it this'll be tough
oh the Senate was the animator yeah yeah
I did something I lost textbook Jesus
all those things and my body's already
trying to kill me all the time well if
it makes you feel any better
your body will probably find a way to
kill you before the Yellowstone Caldera
does I mean all our bodies find a way to
kill us eventually
the off switch yes it's possible that
humans will kill we'll kill ourselves
off with nuclear war before the volcano
has a chance to and what a happy thought
what a happy turn this conversation is
taken is that a jackhammer or a
hypodermic syringe or a hypodermic
syringe I believe okay but then I only
got one Oh heat death of the universe
yes Oh oh that's a forethought oh that's
a lot of damage well think about the
heat death of the universe is I doubt
I'll be here to see it unless they find
a way to upload my brain into something
oh I wanted to try out the shield for
blocking on those tentacles in the boss
but now I got this oh oh I don't know
what oh I know I know what I need to do
I'm so dying bottle of perfume yes the
game wants you to smell nice for the
final boss fight well you know this is
the this is the last boss they have me
this is maybe the boss was perfume
allergies go on but just stare at me
like that
this is the this is the end of the game
this Li you know it's as much as they've
made so this is the end of the road
after this fight it just ends they're
not done yet how unsatisfying
well legislatively satisfy its labeled
early access so they're charging for it
yes
so what is this if enough people buy the
half-finished version of the game
they'll have enough money to make the
rest of it or I gotta I gotta
concentrate oh that's not effective
one day rich Evans will die and the
tears would call sea levels to rise
everybody will die of dehydration from
crying out the entire water content of
their bodies not as effective as I'd
hoped not nearly as effective as I'd
hoped
now I wish I had the shield's purple
tentacle yep yep yep yep
the real purple tentacle would have
snarky comments I'm sorry
oh nice tentacle tentacle emojis you
just looked up how angler fish procreate
and it's fucked up isn't it though oh
yeah those are the ones if I'm not
mistaken we're the male if it encounters
a female like bites onto it and then
like most of its organs just kind of
wither away and it kind of melds with a
female and it's just like a sperm
producing appendage just like a like a
sexually at like a sexually acquired
tentacle or something
yeah atrophies in the gonads that's one
way of putting it you'd be like it was
humans it would be like some guy would
some random guy would come up to you and
like French kiss your knee and become
permanently attached as a scrotum
hanging off your leg
whatever you got to do to get Leila I'd
rather never have sex than have my body
atrophy and turn into a gonna and
hanging off somebody but your mileage
may vary am i quoting the chat but it
wouldn't be the first time chat but has
some good good things to say and I don't
always notice they're coming from chat
but her hat fraud bot or whatever it is
professore subpoenas and chinese people
no mustard now I'm quoting heck but on
purpose
heck fraud bought 5,000 don't you
understand
we don't need users we're advanced
they're superfluous be a part of me and
together the world will be ours to
control that's awesome yeah where is
Karen bought 5,000
Oh red tangles better tentacle purple
tonic already technical total technical
is it dead
nope nope nope nope
no body desecrated and desiccated ah you
have to play the whole thing again to
get yeah yeah maybe I shouldn't talked
about leg testicles it's alright oh I
like that thing that dead sailor giant
thing or whatever it is that's kind of
Awesome there'll be something in there
at some point they did do a good job
with the game art hmm
I'm not a big fan of pixelation but I
mean the actual designs a background
it's definitely cool
if you want to worry about about
Yellowstone just look up Deccan Traps
or even just the the what if you Salta
klava fields in in the Pacific Northwest
what if you don't want to worry about
Yellowstone well um
you can reason Green Gables I'm pretty
sure the entire series doesn't I would
be willing to bet the entire series
doesn't mention the Yellowstone Caldera
I can tell you for a fact the first book
doesn't are you can watch Gumby yeah he
can walk into any book with his good
friend pokey too and if you've got a
heart Gumby's part of you well yeah but
if the good the book burns up at all
lava explosion that takes out the
continental United States it's not gonna
do much good like Wyoming would just be
gone right look up the Cascadia
subduction zone
yeah Wyoming would be just like gone
pretty much fortunately it's not as
populated as there wouldn't be as many
people to try to get the fuck out of
there was like the East Coast or where
the fuck do you bring them I don't know
honestly food's gonna be a problem later
on maybe you should let some of those
people in Wyoming you know yeah it's
gonna be from a few years it's fine it's
all good Harry you and your cats can
just you know it's chill out it's just
turbulence let's all enjoy your Harry
enjoy your lake why are we why are we
carting all of the food out of the state
you know other people are hungry
yeah well they're ago are Wyoming
viewers I know right
gosh both of them well its 854 here it's
probably like 654 in Wyoming aren't they
bringing the cows in for the night or
something and they all cowboys you
racist they're pretty sure Wisconsin
would be choking on Ash so by rich and
Karen well yeah you know nobody's got to
go from something I guess I guess it's
quicker than some things
yeah I can do anyone
there are 585 thousand people in Wyoming
and I think there are like 600,000 in
Milwaukee not counting the suburbs
Milwaukee isn't even that big the most
dangerous part of the of the Yellowstone
Volcano is they could send burning
animals into the sky no one in America
would be safe from the flying fire bears
you can see me moving my left the laptop
oh no Caryn they've seen you moving the
laptop oh no you probably see my knee to
move my hands maybe my face if I wasn't
still lazy to get up and move over there
this is a really comfortable chair you
copied my fingerprints awesome are you
gonna clone me from fingerprints sure I
think it works that way darn
there's a volcano in Italy capable of
Yellowstone eruptions that is literally
built under a city I don't know if they
built a volcano under city they might
have built a city over volcano Dam
Karin schooling your ass literally I
learned interesting medical info lately
have you I don't know trying to think
probably not gonna take long to explore
we did the sewers last time
there's a city in New Jersey that was
built on rock and roll nobody singing
that one Yellowstone erupts we built
this city we built this really molten
Stones building bond frog water says hey
rich what'd you say you don't enjoy
real-time strategy games but you crush
it at Orcs Must Die but more importantly
that's Orcs Must Die is a little bit
different cuz you're killing one
character that's a lot of different than
controlling like a dozen different
armies across a map and you can't see
them all at once just scrolling around
and that's a that's a nightmare to me
but more importantly what do you think
of the film Coneheads forgettable
Coneheads is the kind of thing that's
cute and five minutes segments I'm
Saturday Night Live there really isn't
enough to it to turn it into a movie
right they Saturday Night Live movies
right how much of them can we blame on
the Blues Brothers as awesome as the
Blues brother says okay I'm going to
reveal my ignorance here Blues Brothers
started in Saturday Night Live no idea
the band in the Blues Brothers movie is
the Saturday Night Live band I did not
know that either but I mean yeah the
Coneheads is the the the the whole I
mean what do they really have going
that's funny okay they put rings in
their heads to have sex and and
sometimes they encounter some they have
discriminated early impressions and it's
a joke that people don't recognize that
they're aliens when they're quite
obviously alien oh yeah that's true
it's like like chicken boo from the
Animaniacs so it's like the Pat movie
it's like okay so
the person's gender is difficult to
ascertain okay
it was a fine skin for a sketch comedy
show yes in a movie exactly like thorns
yeah there is a Pat movie the Wayne's
World movie was probably one of the
better ones yeah of course I thought it
was cute because it reminded me my older
brother when he was younger because he
was like you know a metal that and he
wanted to be a rock star so I guess I
guess it reminds me of my brother when
he was like 20 so I always thought it
was good for that reason
there was this right there was a Wayne's
World - yeah that wasn't bad I never saw
it oh fuck my supposed to get around I
never I don't know what to do now just
like dead people hanging from ropes in
the background it's pretty black and
yeah there's some strange humor in there
it kind of happened off screen I've seen
it happen on screen once but I've seen
an enemy low on health jump to their
death
next when they're near a cliff and
little text box comes up that says Yolo
it's a big sword yep so I know some of
these people are in in this chat or
animal crossing fans I'm guessing a lot
of you are adamantly not Animal Crossing
fans but if anybody knows what the hell
is up with a the mobile game they're
supposed to be they were supposed to be
bringing out a game last year is that
ever coming out like for phones they
might have been upset by how much money
somebody else made off of Pokemon go I
don't know Nintendo's known for doing
stupid things for stupid reasons some
somebody says hey everyone its jack from
up north e jack what name are they under
viously record that's Jeff hi jack hey
Jack you just missed it I died on the
second boss oh wait I had a better one
are you riding a moose with a Mountie
while eating pancakes with maple syrup
and poutine and playing hockey
say hi to Justin Trudeau I don't know if
he's in Canada again I say s rich where
he was and he told me and I don't even
remember Jack Hearst sure where he's
going exactly business Oasis northern
Wisconsin well that's close to Canada I
need more strength upgrades why can't I
find any of those choose your own
upgrade Scrolls so far behind isn't
northern Wisconsin basically southern
Alberta I don't know and I don't know
how anybody lives in this superior snow
belt I don't know how anybody lives in
Buffalo
I don't know anybody copes with that
much snow I really don't
it's bad enough living places where it's
cold in the winter which I have all my
life but I just don't know how people
can handle it when places get or even
Northwest Indiana places that just get
shit tons of snow
sake off thieves passes whatever your
name is it lives in Buffalo I have my
respect
truly I remember some years ago we got a
snowstorm and Chicago got like 19 inches
or something crazy I mean it was a lot
of snow but I if I recall the same
snowstorm Buffalo got close to 5 feet
and I was like what
seriously that's like me like my head
would be barely peeking out of the top
and I know people who live in Edmonton
and it's like summer is nice but winter
winter seems like it lasts I love it did
a half months out of the year you take a
snowstorm over a heat wave yeah I don't
know people live in the deep south in
the summer either I guess you kind of
got a pick one yet Toronto is reasonably
Pleasant in the winter and like take the
heat wave like Vancouver or or I mean
Seattle I mean they're they're winners
are not there even like Fairbanks are
not fair bakes Juneau I'm one of them I
know the Alaskan coast line is not
ridiculous with the cold in the
wintertime it's the Continental places
that have the crazy winters
ah fuck skills upgrade fucking useless I
don't know what part of Texas you're in
lost holder but I'm sorry talking no I'm
just getting upset no no no no no no I
can't find the upgrades I want I'm
finding all the upgrades I don't want oh
I know California in like my sister
lives in Phoenix or Phoenix others I
think but it's she's I was looking at
the weather there when recently and it
was like 117 and she's posted on
Facebook that her pool is 90 degrees and
I'm thinking how can that possibly be
refreshing relative to the outside I
would feel cool I guess but I mean you
almost want to throw ice cubes in your
swimming pool theory that's an option
yeah I think from what I hear it's a lot
easier to deal with it if it's dry heat
I've never been a place in a place where
it's hot and not also humid and I grew
up in the Chicago area if it's hot the
relative humidity is ridiculous but it
isn't as hot nearly as often as it is
even in southern Illinois our goodness
knows like Houston games conspiring to
fuck me over
so you have like the Goldilocks pools to
bury us
yeah you can take off more layers in the
cold that's true but on the other hand
like cold is miserable in a way that
heat isn't as long as you don't have to
move
Buffalo not only is terrifying snow in
the winter but will be humid summers
alright one one I think that's kind of
usually when it's cold out driving
anywhere becomes a hassle when you're
inside during a heatwave
there's always air conditioning that's
true the cold makes just simple travel
like a nightmare well I know that being
really cold is more miserable than being
really hot it's hot isn't that bad if
you don't move it's gonna be fucking
hates me talking about weather is so
Midwestern well-named fucking hates me
imal skills upgrade have a skills
upgrade you want worth kill of upgrade
have a skill upgrade heat makes you feel
dirty lose the games have a skill
upgrade stop demystifying the coolness
of snow have you never there's no other
snow
the only coolest the snow is the
temperature snow sucks oh it's up when
you're a kid you go sledding I mean I
used to go sledding for hours and hours
and hours
I'd rather was swimming it so my until
my hair was like this weird frozen thing
orbiting my head and I used to my
sleeves would be so full of snow that
I'd knock on the door with my with my
shirt and all the skin had peel off my
feet from my old frostbite I stay out
all day when I was a little snow was
sledding is good for a kid for Deltans
more of a pain in the neck so you got to
dig everything out
and we're doing awful I'm not a snow
hater I mean a fresh snow is nice but
then it turns all slushy and slippery
and icy and I'm a hater 100% a hater of
snow dealing with snow why don't you get
fall it can be pretty dealing with it
because you always have to deal with it
they won't know if you would ever move
to LA for what I know it's really
expensive to live there until they have
to be enough money involved to justify
it and as long as it's assuming that I
don't have enough money to hop on
airplanes all the time I'd kind of like
to stay within distance to be capable of
visiting my parents for as long as
they're around dogs romp well yeah this
dog I mean ten years from now that dog
is not likely to be around he's in great
shape but he's a large breed dog and
he's middle-aged and yeah but yes I
would definitely like to be able to see
the dog sometimes just the one - you
don't you know give two fucks about the
other one oh I like his dad zip school
too
come on you know I like everything that
even resembles a dog I'm totally a dog
person what's the dog's name
Bentley is the Sun and zipper is his dad
and nobody believes that that's his dad
because family's huge and zippers not
just medium to large then Bentley's well
over a hundred pounds
they said what if you can get more work
as a voice actor rich since you're
working with DreamWorks TV now I don't
know what that means just one voice for
somebody one senator that I'm working
working with it's not like white line
but like telecommute for voice work
anyway I mean does anybody need to be in
the same room as anybody no I'm not I'm
not attempting to be like a big-name
voice actor people have asked me to do
things and I've agreed do rich and do do
we own any pets together yes we have a
bunch but none of them are mammals I got
fish yeah
in shrimp and some snails we have things
that go in a tank full of water yeah
water plants we have a 15 gallon tank
with Daniels danios are assholes and a
beta and the beta like doesn't have any
reasonable fear he keeps trying to ever
I have my handed there he always thinks
my hand is food as far as he's concerned
so he's always chasing my hand around
and trying to jump out of the water to
get food out of my hand
why had somebody shot through the
liveries fresh water why does somebody
shocked that we snails in an aquarium
somebody's sending snail yes we've got
the the 15 gallon has a mystery snail
and two Amano shrimp and the little
snail has Cory cats the little snow the
little bug the other tank the small tank
Dario's dant with Dario's what a they
call Dario's the little orange guys the
banding that demanded yes
scarlet bandhas or some yeah and red
little tiny red shrimp and blue shrimp
ponds snails who were kind of leaving
alone because we hear they can become a
real pain in the neck but right now
they're they're acting like Roombas to
take care of all the algae and live
plants
and what else oh and in Guppies and one
one Danny oh who the other danios always
want to try and kill so we've moved him
in there with a gull piece he's got what
I but he's still made it just to be a
pain of the butt to the guppy sometimes
hey choose door number one door number
two or the mystery snail I think I would
probably choose whatever's behind door
number one or door number two
although mystery snails are fun to watch
they're very athletic and snails go well
they're always climbing up and down to
plants and stuff anonymous says rich if
you could be a voice actor for a cartoon
animal character what type of animal
would you prefer human oh come on
use your imagination why would I care
what kind of animal I voiced I don't
know you could have said something
sarcastic like a shrimp something that
doesn't have a voice the shrimp are knio
knio car Deena I think cherry shrimp and
blue velvet I think yeah same species
as far as I know in the 10 gallon and in
the 15 gallon their Amano shrimp the
algae shrimp do the shrimp wear crowns
and carry tiny Trident that would be so
awesome but no she can't convince them
to
Tripper are a lot of fun to watch they
they have little things on their
underside so they can swim with plus
they can walk around their little legs
plus their their mouth parts are kind of
legs so they're always moving something
around and they've got long antennae
that they check stuff out with they said
you should be a grumpy cat the grumpy
cat movie who should play you and your
bio doc can you play yourself
you can then always seems weird what's
your favorite item combo so far
I enjoy the twin daggers and I like the
big broadsword fresh combos I can and I
like pretty much the eye screen aids and
anything but if I can get plus damage on
anything frozen you know win I have to
agree that shrimp are delicious
especially if they're breaded in coconut
flakes
rabbit's nails I have never heard of
rabbits nails is that a real thing Chris
Evans is rich Evans Oh Lord that would
be funny
well you'd be wistful dreaming of what
could be could have been he doesn't have
your personality is he's much more
charming he's optimistic doom it up is
listed I don't know what it's listed on
but dude whoever did doom it up I love
it if they're here to hear about it
good job snails tastes like mushrooms
I've only ever had snail once and it was
in butter and garlic which is usually
how I have mushrooms so maybe that's why
the taste it alike but I don't know what
they taste like
you know just snail really chewy as I
recall
they said they'd love to hear Chris
Evans attempt to do your laugh that
would be cute
none of the dumb men I'm gonna horrible
electronic recreation of my laughs oh my
god Ben oh god what's the r2d2 guys Ben
and Bert's rabid snails think cornucopia
with bright yellow body so they're
conical yeah what's the Star Wars sound
effect guys his name cuz I'm picturing
him like mixing like different animal
sounds together to get my laugh like
throw some orangutan in there donkey
you gotta mention something pleasant I
was being self depreciated something
nice you could have I'm sorry
something something beautiful a unicorn
or flower flower doing your laugh sound
like jungle bird yeah there you go like
a an African Gray doing nurses laughs oh
my god somebody needs to teach an
african braid to do richest laughs and
to do oh my god someone wants an
animated unicorn voice by rich Evans
well you could make one yourself do I
remember the time I first heard Rich's
laughs no yeah
that's Bryce I've known rich awhile
any thoughts in the new truck series I'm
intrigued it might suck but I'm still
intrigued yeah I might get four ten
minutes of it decided I hate it but I
still want to see it other than the name
Star Trek I'm not sure what I'm supposed
to look forward to it's gonna be some
season long boring story about these
weird Klingons that look nothing and
nothing like Klingons rather than a you
know a Star Trek show do I remember the
first time rich Evans fell down and said
oh my groin I don't think that has ever
come up in real life
eight dollars a month to watch Star Trek
is there gonna be a pay only thing yeah
well not sure if I can be bothered for
that there like some kind of a HBO
special Channel or CBS all access oh
yeah I don't know if I can be bothered
but I might be bothered to spend a
dollar 99 to buy one episode in Amazon
and see if I hate it assuming that
that's a viable option
I mean not necessarily pirated I mean
like I said a lot of a lot of shows that
are unlike HBO and stuff you can you can
buy episodes of on Amazon and I would
spend a dollar ninety nine to find out
whether or not I hate the new Star Trek
show I'm farm were stand-in Seth
MacFarlane's the Orval guys everything
about doing saltwater reef tape mine
just got to the point where I can start
coral snails two words a countermand
crabs pistol shrimp paired with a goby
fish pistols I know they perform a
badass cavitation bubble if we we
currently live in an apartment we have
limited space right someday maybe yeah
plus our landlord probably wouldn't like
it if we had like a hundred gallons of
saltwater or something but yeah someday
I mean definitely we would eventually
like to get a house and we would like to
put a decent size saltwater aquarium in
there for sure
I Jack have fun drive safe
but yeah I mean Oh saltwater take would
be awesome and Rich's talked about
wanting to get one at some point it's
just they're expensive - yeah they're
expensive I know there's a lot of
logistics involved and whatnot it's it's
not gonna happen any time soon but yeah
someday definitely something we wouldn't
mind potentially dealing with at some
point in the future how about some nice
house plans they don't require 100
gallons well we've kind of got some
house plants it's just their house
plants are gonna decide yeah we've got a
bunch of plants inside the ten gallon
tank with the Nano fish feet that's you
know a little tiny shrimp there and
species of fish that stays small but one
of those pet rocks just had to put it
down I'm sorry for your loss and we're
talking about the problems we're having
with our wounded Daniel tell the whole
story about the wounded Daniel oh yes
Danny owes a schooling fish
well shoaling fish okay I'll explain
what sure like is rather than just a
schooling fish go ahead well I guess it
is between the shoaling fish and
schooling fish is showing Fisher fish
you like to hang out with other fish to
their species as opposed to being like
solitary like a betta and schooling fish
are the ones that actually kind of are
organized and moved together okay and so
we have the 15 gallon we had the 15
gallon tank first and I got some you
know it's all the plants are like glow
reactive plants and we got some glow
fish danios and a beta and in the two
shrimp and the snail actually our first
snail got caught in the filter and
passed away and we got a different snail
but mysteries now so Daniels are kind of
assholes and they're they're kind of
mean to each other like they just kind
of like to chase each other and I don't
know if this Daniel was born with one
eye if it had one eye when we when it
came to us but one day we noticed it's
only got one eye and the other Daniel's
were just
chasing it around and stuff and we felt
bad forward but it mostly kind of hid in
the back of the back of the tank and
seemed to be doing okay so basically
they're harassing this thing they were
asking this thing to death so it was
hiding from it's at school and shoal and
so when we lost our first snail we felt
really bad about that and we put this
mesh thing over the filter intent what
happened again so we see yeah so we
wouldn't lose another snail that way so
one day we we know we noticed that the
Danielle would he wasn't doing so well
it's the other nails were picking on him
we noticed one day that he was inside
the mesh and we thought that he was dead
he looked dead he looked at so we
emptied him out of the mesh so that we
could we could get get him out of the
tank
and he was like swimming not very well
but swimming actin half dead
so we thought we thought well we'll
leave him in the tank until he either
expires or gets better well we looked
into the tank later the same day and
they had eaten half of his fucking tail
he definitely had all of his tail
earlier that day and we're like they're
gonna kill him so we put it I didn't
want this poor fish to die I felt I felt
awful for him yeah so we'll put it in a
little isolation tank and that's you
know when we decided we're gonna set up
a ten Gail and we'll put it in there
with some nice peaceful Guppies it'll be
fine yeah so we nursed this fish back to
health
its tail grew back what's held Rebekah's
I did not yeah and we put her in the new
tank with these Guppies like okay he'll
be he'll be fine he'll be fine
then this one I Danny Oh starts chasing
all the Guppies around yeah he won't
play nice with the guppy he starts
biting their tails and I don't I don't
know what what to do with this point
because we tried putting him back with
the rest of the danios and they nearly
killed him again we don't want to
permanently keep him in a two and a half
gallon tank it's not especially nice for
him it's not especially nice half of
that thing on our counter and dealing
with it and so we were starting to think
about well how do you euthanize we have
it do we have to put this fish down yeah
is it best for this fish and everybody
volved because we're not gonna have him
sitting in the danio tank and getting
torn apart by the danios so so Karen
Karen brooches this subject she's
actually the one to bring it up yeah you
know maybe we should euthanize it and
you know I'm in the other room doing
something else and I I I kind of yell
out to Karen who's in the kitchen how do
you euthanize a fish Karen turned the
garbage disposal on at that exact moment
trying to turn on the light of the
kitchen so that I could see and I
accidentally hit the switch next to the
light which is a switch for the garbage
disposals so rich is like how do you
euthanize a day or two years I guess you
do it with clove oil or vodka and he has
been he has been behaving himself
reasonably well with the Guppies so he
gets literally yeah we tried putting him
back in with the danios and they chased
him into a corner and he was just kind
of swimming in a - it early he wouldn't
leave this like two-inch area yeah round
him so yeah his name is Lemmy and if you
want to adopt a one-eyed we don't know
you you might be fish cruel cruel
seriously put a blender no but take
about back with a shotgun
I've heard people like killing fish with
like by just smashing them and stuff
yeah I don't know where we're hoping
that we don't have to kill the Danny oh
the only red on the door yeah seems to
be getting along well enough yeah every
now and then he'll chase one around but
yeah constantly as long as he's not not
making the Guppies miserable or
destroying their tails
we can't have him in the tank with the
other danios because they want to kill
him
donate him to the local Petco he's got
one eye they'll just put him down yeah
that's the thing if he if he had two
eyes we would you know consider just
take him to a pet store and and maybe
with different social dynamics in a
different tank he would have an easier
time right we actually did that with one
of the Danny I was one of the when we
first got the danios one of the danios
and only one of them would leave the
betta over-aggressive yeah super
aggressive to everything in that tank
including the betta right who was really
chill so we took him back to the pet
store but he had two eyes the pet store
doesn't disagree I they'll never know
you know there was an article that I was
reading online where somebody gotta put
a prosthetic eye in a fish but it was a
much bigger fish according to the
article the other fish see that is
happening I though they know it's weig
they know to attack it on that side yeah
is that like a fairly big aquarium I
think and what other fish was getting
harassed that only had one eye and they
had a fair amount of money because they
were able to think about prosthetic eyes
for a fish
of course I think the vet gave him some
kind of a discount because you know they
wanted to try it anonymous says would
you feel honored cheated or disappointed
if Disney inserted an rlm easter egg
like an alien that looks like plinkus
having eaten at one of the new Star Wars
films I wouldn't bother me I was
watching something don't remember what
it was but watching some online internet
thing and then all of a sudden riches
voice showed up going oh my god
the middle of like like one of the
science show kind of things not scishow
necessarily but something like that and
it was like whoa I was expecting to see
him
Disney did like a jargon you guys didn't
they look like a Disney animated Disney
themselves I don't know they're
officially sanctioned but no one of
their animators did did we sell the
poster of it yeah did did an image of
the red letter media people it was
pretty cool they want riches oh my god
to become the new Wilhelm scream that
would be cool watch him like a Star Wars
movie and when somebody gets poked they
go oh my god
Home Depot does it with flowers with
cactus they grow they glue flowers on
them to sell more that's not unusual
like pet stores inject fish with dye and
stores dye flowers and stuff this is not
going well people do weird cosmetic
stuff too living things to make them
look better to get people to buy them
that's why we went with the danios like
I guess some species of fish they inject
them with dye which seems cruel and
doesn't even last very long danios
their genetic little genetic the glofish
danios their little genetic freaks but
doesn't seem like it's painful for them
or anything rich Evans feels neither
pain nor pleasure he's a game playing
machine bride only to entertain I don't
think dye is inhumane for fish it's just
I think they stick like hypodermic send
them to get it in there which just seems
painful but I could be the stain you're
talking about tiny fish yeah we're not -
and we're not talking about glofish
danios because they're the genetic
freaks yeah
did I ever own a Venus flytrap I did and
it used to eat fireflies sometimes and
they would glow inside of it and it was
really kind of cool looking not as Tiny
as a Paramecium you could have a pet
Paramecium you could have a zillion pet
paramecium's but you need to make a
microscope to see them they think you
would enjoy axiom verge whatever that is
all right all right now bucktooth bats
trying to die peacefully while playing
this I don't care if they do maybe
they're flying mole-rats the stage is
going awful
tell the stories of a younger rich and
how we change over the years
have you changed no like a rock
I well he's got a little bit little bit
smarter and more practical there was the
time that you went down down the stairs
at your grandmother's house in a
wheelchair and then you filmed that you
did it again so you could film it a
second time she didn't like the first
take
something about right-to-left scrolling
that feels wrong no I've heard this
complaint before would rich be
considered a reliable blue-collar worker
in his current job I know that I'd call
your work blue-collar creating thought
right now yeah is that white-collar
either in when rich has worked more in
more traditional industries his
employers have always liked him his
co-workers have liked him he's reliable
I think they probably would have liked
to have cloned him at that that yeah
yeah I'm job two towns over from where
we were living before
have you ever seen a scoffs that's some
kind of dirty word I've never heard of
another fucking reference the best the
worst ghost is rlm richest day job well
what would his night job even rich
where's various hats is rich one of
those overachievers every employer tries
to exploit possibly yeah do I like ska I
haven't heard much the only thing I've
heard that I like Rocksteady I've heard
stuff by the Mighty Mighty Bosstones and
the stuff I heard I wasn't crazy about
but I don't feel like I have a good
enough exposure to it to say they say
they thought you worked at a tollbooth
The Phantom Tollbooth Tom's festival
planner original thought the entire fan
base is body not one fucking original
thought I was Operation Ivy consider sky
I thought that was more like punk I
liked that one song they have all I know
is that I don't know nothing
No things are getting tough when you
can't get the top off the bottom of the
barrel stuff that I can't understand
that he's saying now it's yeah that's it
one more I like that song one more run
than maybe something else this'll be
well I don't know about tums festivals
but I heard that the Carmex plant is in
Franklin Wisconsin which is a suburb of
Milwaukee and I'm kind of a chapstick
addict so I totally want to go on a tour
if they have one I'm singing in your ear
hole I like to refer to them as hear
holes because you hear hear out of them
in their holes honestly I don't remember
any songs from Linkin Park but something
tells me that's probably for the best
I think they had some kind of hit that I
heard that was okay I can't really
remember
feels that that me or J should pick a
game we want to play well the thing is
we've already ascertained you're not
much of a game but I'm not much of a
gamer and that I tend to get bored with
games and don't necessarily want to play
them for the length of a stream Alissa's
Animal Crossing but who wants to watch
me walk around and look for fossils in
my town or rearrange my virtual
furniture how many people want to watch
me do this shit no idea not many
comments were always about how boring
they think the game were playing is to
watch and these days whatever game it is
animal crossing stream wind you know it
Jeff does have the thing you could put
the DES on there yeah you show you my
town spruce it up a little would you be
able to get your save file on there
pardon would you be able to get your
save on his deus I don't know how that
works well the the save lives on the on
the car so I just pull the card out of
mine and put it in his IV tire doing a
count or something or I don't know no I
don't think so I think if I throw it and
throw my cartridge in a different des
that'll work just the same yeah a little
hard drive something it's like an SD
card kind of thing but it's for prior to
her of course its proprietary
it's fucking Nintendo right but I mean I
don't think I don't think the Kart the
cartridge cares what what console I'm
throwing it in as long as it's a
Nintendo DS 3ds or two Deus
yeah the game cartridges aren't aren't I
know they're they're not actual SD cards
but they're they're small in there what
solid state or whatever and they're
removable there's something that looks a
lot like an SD card and probably works a
lot like one but yeah there are
proprietary cartridge that Nintendo
makes if I tried Harvest Moon or stardew
valley rich has been try a little bit
rich has been trying to get me hooked on
them for years cuz he loves them hasn't
worked hasn't worked it's not a thing
have you guys heard Kevin Conroy Batman
vo from the animated series read the
Harvey Dent scene from The Dark Knight
no it's kind of awesome says Jen as it
probably is he's the best Batman
hands-down Christian Bale's fucking
awful oh I got nothing to get started
eval a I have never gotten too much into
it then Harvest Moon is sturdy really
seem like things I would like I just for
some reason I've never quite gotten into
him maybe sometime I will Karen that's
capital offense not getting into
something somebody else likes what's
wrong with you what's wrong with you our
cellphones getting bigger again I don't
know cuz screen size because they're the
computers now I mean my phone's mine is
a 4.7 inch and I think it's bordering on
too big and that's not an especially
large cell phone if I tried tasting the
cards for the Nintendo switch I did it
tasted like bitter apple the stuff he
used to stuff you're supposed to use to
discourage dogs from chewing on things
but when Bentley was a puppy he really
didn't give a shit about bitter Apple
however we gave him some Tabasco sauce
on a finger and he was like oh this
smells good this smells like it would
taste good and once he realized how
painful it was all you had to do was
anoint whatever it was with a little bit
of Tabasco sauce and he would leave
alone if it smelled like Tabasco sauce
he figured it smelled like pain and that
was it
good yeah good you cause that dog pain
no I caused him to think that anything
that smelled like Tabasco sauce was
going to cause him pain that's how they
got your niece to stop swearing she was
little ow
yeah repeatedly causing kids pain within
their mouth doesn't seem very nice we
caused the dog pain in his mouth once to
teach him that that smell was associated
with pain so that he wouldn't chew
things that were either valuable or
liable to cause him harm
I consider it worth it anonymous says
rich and Karen need advice my girlfriend
wonders about me because it's a long
distance that she knows I'm friends with
a girl wanted to date never dated she
has a boyfriend how do I show my
girlfriend I love her again I don't know
I was hoping I was waiting to see what
you would say it's been time with her
yeah this long-distance yeah so that I
don't know how to help I don't know how
I'm make somebody trust him and if
you've never been unfaithful you've been
hurt before have you been unfaithful to
her before or did somebody else before
all right I've never distrusted rich
even when we were distant yeah
neither one of us is a player yeah
you're not either than you know
hopefully with time your girlfriend Oh
relax
one more run or or do we do another game
once is Friday the 13th somebody else
says Tom's mega maker another game time
for Friday Friday the 13th do Friday
another game another game play play as
says Friday the 3rd different game or
FTL mega maker f13 XCOM to FTL we need
to poo the video game that sounds
adorable FTL different game Friday
XCOM FTL Friday Friday Friday I see a
lot of f13 their blood and with some of
the FTL's though Karen what do you think
there are more of I think I'm sick of
looking at Friday the 13th personally f
13 is different every game there are
different random things Friday the 13th
they're always running around either
trying to hurt people are trying to
avoid being hurt Sony getting a
strawpoll up already the 13th the series
flip a coin the one with Jason P ubg
know they have the 10th of Gargan joke
anyway Karen and I are on the same page
with regards to f13 alright somebody
play a word game
did somebody get a straw poll up I don't
think anybody does have a strong like
strung all up oh no one's coming up and
I click on me yeah yeah trying to
fucking around they have garbage listed
on there the only two valid options are
over DL or Friday the 13th
okay FDLR if there does else I'm not yet
yep I'm gonna here's all right keep that
keep that leg to the straw pull up I am
going to use the restroom do you need
anything um if you got any diet pop I
don't think we do I'll doll check check
I will check cuz I brought an energy
drink but it's not diet so once it
started to cool down I'm like you sugar
cookie alright I'm gonna check for drink
and go to the bathroom
when I get back I'm going to check that
strawpoll okay and then I'll go to the
bathroom let's see if there's any diet