Episode 835
Hangin' With Rich - Friday the 13th
August 27, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qhd43DCRUSc
___________________________________________

I didn't see anything there's no diet
pop nope I'll see what kind of beer
they've got I was telling I was telling
them about the about these shopping cart
Corral's at the pick and save and how
they say things like people in Wisconsin
are nice and they returned their calls
their cards or something like they
pulled the state pride thing you know
like card Corral's and it's a little bit
strange
all right is the weirdest thing it is
what's the pulsar results 5050 literally
5050 31 and 31 there have been 62 votes
I don't know if there have been 62
Voters I'm not sure oh wow well we can
wait until I don't know uh I even I
played Friday the 13th in like a week
either go ahead play it if you like it
play it talking to them sure they're
probably getting tired of listening to
me yeah you could check on you things
people of Maryland you can get tattoos
of the state that's weird but I knew a
girl who got a the outline of minister
yeah Minnesota tattooed behind her ear
so every damn woman at the run fair was
tenant tatted up so many tats but they
were interesting I'm not saying the word
interesting this is like a trend have
you seen the new oops where to go go go
where's the hey where's the tip he
thinks okay
have you seen the new Teenage Mutant
Ninja Turtles summer short series on
Nick are multiple polls that's a
different take from various artists to
brighten our days please watch and maybe
it will produce a laugh what wish I
think there are multiple polls because
you said and a bunch of people complied
okay mmm time I mean I don't think
there's like an official poll creator
designee person I'll be back so much
antifreeze what do you what are you
doing I'm not 100% sure probably did
some dogs mouth I'll rub it all over
your head and give you energy well it's
never stopped you before
I just want you to close chatty outs a
little let me move it windows why is
this you saw my dog why the other day
for the first time in about six months
and the dog got so excited it just sat
on the floor barking just laying on the
floor go he loves you all right I can't
shut Chad he's not letting me move it
well that's yeah I know I can't do that
but that's irrelevant it's running but
it's not running what if I just click on
it again
there we go just as good
they're easy-peasy God Lagarde says
sorry that West tip was mine about the
TMNT accidentally hit the anonymous
button just wanted to add that DC
Universe Online is still available for
the ps4 it is currently free you fucks
okay
skip the intro I always get the intro
have you seen the new TMNT summer short
series on Nick lots of different takes
from various artists to brighten our
days please watch and maybe it will
produce some laughs yeah I should take a
look at that I have not seen it though
for what it's worth
I'm so I'm gonna start with game my own
just just a warm-up it's like I said I
haven't played this in a while now and
let me make sure my yep push-to-talk
I already got weirdos in the lobby
wouldn't wouldn't be Friday the 13th of
that weirdos in the lobby you see my
perks got a free slot
he's my perks it's rare but it's not
well overuse
do you find something you're liking oh
good
should be bottle openers all over the
place
maybe name-o we should all right I found
a ski mask
kill them all Jason and my right stick
isn't working oh great I have a broken
controller okay I have broken controller
you got other controller don't you this
is Wade it might correct it so nope hmm
Jason seek knows the secret weakness he
can't turn left
oh oh I can't put traps them I used to
play in this way but what do we got when
we got our where is that fucker I know
he's got the how I run like this and I'm
cheese
somebody suggested that the keyboard is
turning my control it's time to worry
about it don't have time to worry about
it
did you read trouble am reading nothing
right now because I am busy I see nobody
says finally got around to catching a
live stream after 2 years here's a tip
thank you help distract me from the fact
that both my current house got flooded
this weekend Oh No
that sucks
I'm a bitch you stopped in front of me
to pick up a thing Oh God not used to
playing with a keyboard a mouse for this
game ok mango flavored IPA is really
good Bo's not down there is it
yeah the battery
which button is my map all right that
one I guess I think they're finding it
interesting that you are having trouble
with a keyboard and mouse in sure
because I can't rebind controls so I
usually play this game with a fucking
controller I am not at all used to using
WASD I use keyboard and mouse just not
WASD specifically
that's my boy
hunt them down and make them pay
who was he streaming with his alter-ego
hi
how much does fancy Karen
oh that would be cool so this change the
window kill and make it smash the guy's
head off like he'd get what to the a be
nice some games for the 3ds well it may
not be your thing but I am a huge fan of
Animal Crossing new leaf oh that's
interesting I wouldn't even think that
was possible but apparently it is yeah
Mario game on there the Super Mario
World - its kind of fun - what is the
most scared
I don't know I've been pretty nervous
than there have been tornado warnings or
tonight awhat morning you know what not
watches warnings I grew up a couple
doors down from the tornado sirens so a
water tower with a neighbor siren on it
so I was always when I was a kid it was
always on those rare occasions and
living in the Midwest when you get a
tornado warning and there's a siren we
going going off four doors down it was
kind of bone-chilling yeah as a kid they
seemed so scary and so likely and
everything especially because you know
my house in my school were kind of
equidistant from the tornado siren and
not far I grew up across the street from
from a playground that was like the
playground for the school to combat
stats and also a field but uh and a kid
I guess you think that they're really
likely and as you get older you realize
that most people you know I've never
even seen a tornado and while they're
reasonably common most of the months
deadly in the odds of you getting killed
by a tornado or actually pretty small
but when you're a kid it seems
reasonably large and realistic
on the other hand they used to work for
a dentist whose house got destroyed
while he was in it and the siblings were
in it by a tornado but nobody died that
was in Oakland in the sixties
they said it that that at the at the end
of the best the worst should get to
destroy the game controller
you might try to fix it first but I
don't know how expensive the particular
game controller that he has is but that
might be one way to get get it out of
its misery if it is in fact broke well I
imagine if you live in a place where
there's monsoon you probably don't get a
ridiculous amount of flooding in houses
unless it's like a really poor area
where nobody could afford to have
infrastructure because you probably
planned things with some kind of
drainage because it's an inevitability
that you can have a monsoon earlier
you watched Dunkirk in 70-millimeter
yesterday does it look different than it
does like the digital regular version I
mean that's cool but they still make it
for that but I mean doesn't actually
look different we saw it like a week ago
and it wasn't okay movie I mean I think
it was it's a good movie but a little
dark
you murderer you wore a sec isn't it
just you'd think that as a species we
would have gotten past the whole
let's kill each other in groups because
stuff
yeah I heard the the fuel thing was
inaccurate but you know they're trying
to edge mama and you can understand why
they did it it's a it's a device and the
idea of oh yeah I got enough film to fly
over the damn Atlantic I got enough got
enough fuel to fly over the damn
Atlantic it just doesn't have the same
drama to it the way the Martian wouldn't
have had any any drama if it was like
the fact that tornados and Mars are
really no big deal because there's
hardly in the atmosphere the quarter of
the British soldiers at Dunkirk were
Indian or black I guess and thought
about it but yeah I guess it is kind of
a monochromatic cast there's a Halloween
six
they said they've never seen you so
evenly matched I am playing crippled he
has this incredibly weird focused look
at his face like this is very deadly
serious lives are at stake
there's a Halloween eight how many Fri
how many uh Nightmare on Elm streets are
there there's still a new Halloween for
you
there's a Halloween I hope you're making
that up my goodness
they show French African soldiers and
Dunkirk I mean did they did they draft
people from Algeria wasn't it like the
province of France but he didn't suffer
like them
was that after this
why is everything blurry
that's me some other time
yeah it's a various perk but I'm really
not all that entertaining
I just hope that I'm better than nothing
there were Indians in the war yeah I
wonder how that works how the how the
colonies played in with all that
what happens if they knock your mask off
I could potentially die I can't fix this
fucking controller issue who's Jason
schizophrenic I'm suing somebody got off
my boat oh it's no big bird I have not
seen the new Planet of the Apes nobody
got out I saw the old one in like the
whole thing I wish I had brought
earplugs so the entire thing was like
that guy screaming in the megaphone like
I have sensitive hearing and I'm
chatting weird I can't do anywhere plugs
the movies I forgot the magic I can't do
anything if people drop out of the game
that's that's not really what saying I
my score here all right you can't
control that I just want to know why
this controller doesn't want to work
right your uh your DVDs look nice all
lined up like that do you do that thank
you yeah they're all like it's kind of
overlapping in space yeah instead of
having them all like pushed over to the
sides they've got more capacity them
they've got like if they had them all
spine out they wouldn't cover all the
shelves so rich has them kind of like
like tiled like overlapping each other
like roof tiles and it looks really nice
restart the game I could try that I
could try that I suggested that you
unplug the controller I did that didn't
do anything and they're seeing something
about Jack having Munchausen by proxy
and I have no idea what that means or
maybe they're talking about their like a
lying kind of thing this it's a
psychological thing which Esther's
wouldn't you intend to have an illness
yeah much hosted by proxy is when you
pretend your child has an illness great
right now I'm trying to figure out why
my controllers no yes yes there is a
version of it without proxy where it's
the person acting
like that the that they have the
condition rather than acting like their
child has a condition
I say roof instead of roof
I also say leg an egg which people think
is weird I think I got that from parts
of my family being from the South but I
say peg wolf wolf off the roof roof
Creek and route accepted when you're
talking about route 66 egg yeah I know
people say egg but I've always said egg
and leg
hey the Fond say there's like a bronze
statue of the Fonz over by the river
into Waukee it's kind of of testily
awesome roots tree roots
about my Canadian wash you see why you
married rich and we both say words funny
and get criticized for it yeah yeah
sometimes I criticize it probably says
words everyone does like he has a
tendency to say stand them oh give me
that give me that lark listen Henry
Winkler Jewish playing in to tell you
just gonna sit there impossible and bury
me
oh yeah it's a dialectical difference
there is no wrong except for stannum
understand
that's just a riches
ah Karina
I'll say it bad that anything did
anything to what my controller problems
I know you're not paying any attention
to the stream itself that's fine I'm
paying attention to the stream you think
that's the important thing Chad we're
engaged we're not married I need to get
off my ass and yes you do
and I hate planning stuff I hate
planning do you just want to go to the
justice of the peace I think it's
probably what's gonna end up at an with
that I'm fine with this yeah I'll give
everybody month's notice this is what
it's gonna be if you want to be in the
audience and go find a judge it's
probably gonna come down to that and
that's fine I mean like my dad got
married by the Justice of Peace both
times shoulder buttons are working
reception I'm thinking actually like
just a potluck I'm cheap I don't know
I'm like the opposite of a bridezilla
I'm not into ceremony or for the most
part getting dressed up last time I got
really ridiculously dressed up was when
I was at my sister's wedding as a
bridesmaid and basically I just said do
whatever you want to with me and next
thing I knew I had and I know because I
took them out and they gave me a giant
headache three rubber bands and 51 bobby
pins in my hair
but pride Mothra that would be awesome
or a bride Gamera no way no you're right
I think it about guardians of the galaxy
Gamora registered for gifts I'm not I
mean we got stuff we're not we're not
twenty you know we got crap blenders and
all that stuff I mean I'm just asked
when we do when I do get around her
getting it done and people just come
bring themselves you have to bring me
presents bride gambhira would just throw
a tantrum and retreat in New Rochelle I
truly want to see
like I don't know if they have a reality
TV show about bridezillas they probably
do but I want to see that mashed with
the Godzilla characters because that
would be so awesome how much this dream
of the wedding we do if we offered once
I forgot what it was I think it was was
it ten thousand chatter was at thirty
thousand that if they donated that much
I would secretly tape our wedding
without telling you for like thirty
thousand dollars I suspect like Justice
of the Peace weddings are pretty short
and sweet because suggestions a piece
has to go and Judah Kate divorces
custody hearings or whatever it is they
adjudicate but yeah I hate planning
stuff that's mostly it and then I gotta
go do like those it's my fault
yeah my cousin got married in Metallica
themed wedding and wedding cake and now
they're divorced a high school friend of
mine got married with a Star Wars themed
wedding they made everybody in the
wedding party dress up like it was Star
Wars they made her father dress up like
he was Darth Vader excuse me
they named their child's middle name
Jedi why hi one thing what if they grow
up to hate Star Wars no no babies in our
future what did that kid grows up to
hate Star Wars not as bad as Anakin at
least middle
he could lie people say well what does
it stand for
you're gonna be like Joseph if you're
gonna name your kid after a Star Wars
character don't name that after a
character who's no it's still not all
right I don't know how much Friday the
13th I'm going to play tonight
I'm just named after a hot sexy French
actor my mother was looking for
something that went with my other names
but it's actually a masculine spelling I
kind of want to see if I get any game to
work with the stand controller now the
kid is almost certainly certain to get
middle-school ass beatings actually I
think he's in high school now she had
her kids pretty young so I hate WASD
bound do it Richard hates sequels so
much he won't make a sequel to himself I
was at a seventh birthday party
yesterday pool party kids were given
squirt guns can confirm children were
terrible other than getting people what
what can you really do with a squirt gun
or should I be afraid to ask
yes I'm just a fuckton exactly people
generally don't know your middle name
and like when I put my like I remember
when I graduated high school you could
put your middle name you could you could
leave your middle name off or or you
could have him read it off as just the
letter I mean Jay what would assume it
was John or Joseph lying on keyboard
what button is just the trot squirt gun
pistol whippings oh no I thought maybe
they just you know stuck it up each
other's noses or something I don't want
to sprint I just want to do the fucking
trot aah
what is the ETA of space cop 2 I think
there any plans are there god these well
these bindings are stupid anyway they
said to tell you it's X why is it X
at least in toggles that's what she said
I think we have enough F is flashlight
they said and then they said alt f4 just
remap the controls duh I don't think he
can do that they don't need them they
don't let you remap the controls in this
fucking game because they're fucking
dumb devs your sister's wedding played
the theme the Battlestar Galactica
that's cool
Rich's sister's wedding featured a cake
that had badgers and mushrooms because I
guess there's a badger badger badger
badger mushroom mushroom internet thing
that I didn't know about until I looked
it up later
I'd hug him but he's got this serious
look on his face like like the world
will die in nuclear holocaust if he
doesn't get this right I could fight any
person in history who would I fight
somebody small and weak because I'm not
a terribly large person myself playing
this game with controls I am completely
fucking unfamiliar with for no good
reason
maybe Helen Keller because you really
can't see you or hear you calming Rosa
Parks Rosa Parks would probably kiss my
kick my butt yeah Lincoln had some real
long arms
it was the better slasher villain Jason
Voorhees or Michael Myers Jason Voorhees
it makes for a better Halloween costume
so you're saying Rosa Parks was a
peaceful resistance type good for her
yeah I've heard Lincoln could you know
Chapel would really good and all kinds
of stuff you probably had big muscles
Rosa Parks Rosa Parks where's Martin
Martin Luther King Cole I'm definitely a
fan of not being violent how tall was
Lincoln
how is there nothing in those drawers
III don't know
6 feet 30 inches he'd foot 3 no I don't
think so
Robert Wadlow maybe 6 4 it's pretty tall
what are my thoughts on Rob Zombie well
all I know about Rob Zombie is he's a
pretty good visual artist and he had
some good music
10:4 with the hat seriously the
interesting thing about Lincoln is that
they're all kind there's all kinds of
conjecture about what genetic diseases
he might have had that may or may not
have contributed to his height
see Martha is awesome because Martha is
a moth and to imagines a moth this is
supervillain
what music do we guys listen to what
missus do you listen to rich yeah
whatever
rich lakes nirvana yeah 90s grunts feed
like Creedence Clearwater Revival The
Doors I liked Gillian Welch and Old Crow
Medicine Show and the plastic Rock I
grew up on I don't know how to Radiohead
okay I'm the only one who's done
anything in this game oh definitely Pink
Floyd I saw Roger Waters like two weeks
ago in concert which was way too much of
his show was like this weird political
rant against Donald Trump and whatever
ones feelings about Donald Trump most
people don't go to a concert to watch a
commercial about Donald Trump but did a
lot of covers of Pink Floyd songs are
they covers if he was involved in the
first place they did a lot of people
heard songs people are alive
a guy from Lincoln Park suicided I'm
sorry I'm so did the guy from
Soundgarden sucks
yeah I'm not being political I'm just
saying that if you go to see Roger
Waters he's very political and that I
don't go to concerts to think about
politics
I think the most awesome thing about the
concert was they had like this like the
power station thing I'm not here but it
was like made out of like cloth or
something and they pulled it up and then
they had a you know they have those rich
remember we went to the Chicago Wolf's
games and they had like that like helium
original remote control they had one
that was shaped like a pig and one that
was shaped like an orb and that was
really awesome because you know flying
pig
yeah the pig drone
there's a band called power station
dirigible blimp sure Zeppelin if it's
got the metal thingy Oh which is
definitely a fantasy Floyd he didn't go
with me because a friend of mine wanted
to know if I wanted to go when we got
tickets and it's kind of a ladies night
thing that was you can't appreciate that
at all I know I know you can't
appreciate that went down my parents
house and you're just gonna keep you're
just gonna keep talking about Pink Floyd
that was my parents that was the most
single by the way the single most
amazing boat escape and this game of all
day talking about some kind of stupid I
wasn't matching bed you were on when you
were kids I don't give a shit amazing
they'll something like I might imagine a
sixer I never actually died yes yes
listen to the champ let me have my
moment I am the game extreme I read that
one then next to a cauldron in trouble
well you just shit on my parade oh you
did you just shit on my parade no I had
an amazing boat escape now you got me
all self-conscious about my laughs no
people love your laugh cables aid cures
cancer well I'll never forgive myself
thank you for coming to talk to the
people because I am a horrible co-op
okay encephalopathic encephalo pathetic
says I work in cancer research rich it's
true
and yes this is real laughs he's not
faking he breaks into it periodically
randomly like when I was reading I like
to read aloud to him and I was reading
um
let's explore diabetes with owls the the
David Sedaris book was it called I think
it's called let's explore diabetes with
owls something about diabetes what did
this one come oh that book yeah oh why
oh maybe five years ago oh yeah he's got
other stuff in here about that one
where David Sedaris fans you gotta
explain what David Sedaris David Sedaris
is a author and comedian and I highly
recommend the audiobooks because he
reads them aloud and he's got a really
funny weird voice and he just writes
stuff about his family who are if his
books are believed decidedly
dysfunctional and his bit about
Christmas and Santa Claus it's just
hysterical a bell though that's fucked
up I know that was in um we talk pretty
one day are you and why are you doing
this from big picture mode I'm not even
using the stupid controller
they say your laughs dazzles your round
belly which shakes off and fights the
diabetes and it's the only thing keeping
you alive yeah Amy Sedaris is pretty
funny too she was wasn't she and Kimmy
Schmidt I I don't know I'm trying dude
she was me no no she was a Muni United's
cephalo pathetic I've never heard of
Chuck tingle the name sounds like some
kind of double odd count or something I
don't know
Andy Sedaris he has a younger brother I
don't think the name was Andy so maybe
not well I wonder I wonder if this steam
big picture shit is what's wrong with my
fucking controller no rich just ever
read a confederacy of dunces which is a
documentary watcher and a online article
reader and he used to be a big book
reader but since the internet these
watches educational documentary Sarah
time to be fair I've never been a big
book RIA why you what's the last actual
book you read cover to cover
is it the Zombie Survival Guide I don't
know that's the last but why is it he
knows a ridiculous amount of stuff and
just absorb stuff from the internet it's
kind of scary can i permanently disable
big picture mode why is it when I go
shift-tab instead of going into the
normal menu why is it doing that big
picture like the core below go that
doesn't have a mouth I can't
Cobra Commander was awesome they're
asking about the confederacy of dunces
no I mean really know what that is I've
heard the name
today is the 31st anniversary of the
original Metroid well that makes me feel
old who books are now called meme list
text I read but not as much as I did
before the internet was around
CJ I was curious about it I know they
took your comment off I started to read
it and it's dreadfully boring also the
author is a very nice guy
oh is delivery is perfect
we were we were I was reading to him
from this thing from the let's explore
diabetes what that was about some kid
who had a flying squirrel trapped in his
bedroom and just the image of the
squirrel going take it out of here I
gotta get out of here it was just
fantastic
receive us I've been teasing rich with
it for days out of here get out of here
watch it why don't you read a passage
from the bar because they don't have it
with me oh you know if your tablet or
them I have my phone with me he's
reading audiobooks like hey you know it
might not be I wouldn't do it yeah I
don't know if reading passages from
books is kosher or not
make seein if my controller is working
I'll find you for another round my
controllers not working
still I might call it after this am i
your special lady friend never more than
that at this point
well I don't know if it would be legit
if I read a book to you because
copyright and all kinds of legal
bullshit but nobody can stop me from
reading aloud to rich and he likes I
like reading aloud to rich and sharing
stuff with him reading like the first
few chapters got a finish of the Neil
deGrasse Tyson book I read the entirety
of the Martian to him starship grifters
yeah were fans of Robert Crowe Z Krew Z
he's a an author who's published by
Amazon and his books are light-hearted
fun Blues Brothers or Ghostbusters
Ghostbusters Blues Brothers is still a
great film
especially from the Chicago area metal
operas battle opera lips videos were
Nathan explosion or in Shakespeare that
sounds interesting
all right Romeo deny thy father refused
to steam bullshit Jason twice tonight
that's that's unusual John Carpenter's
Halloween or Wes Craven's a Nightmare on
Elm Street Halloween named Baron Elm
Street even the first one was kind of
silly freshman wasn't silly enough I'm
not a big horror movie guy Blues
Brothers had Carrie Fisher and one of
her rare not Princess Leia rolls well
she missed that kid with a speech
impediment last time you were playing
this
don't go in there Chad Chad we're gonna
kill you the last time he played this on
a stream when I was here there was a
sound like a young boy playing with him
who had like the W our L speech
impediment thing and it was great he
just sounded so
do I like the Wisconsin Milwaukee area
Chicago area here's the thing we come
from the less fashionable south suburbs
of Chicago we were 25 miles or so out
from downtown Chicago we did not get
that much of an opportunity to actually
enjoy Chicago right now we're you know
less than 10 miles out from downtown
Milwaukee so Milwaukee's actually more
accessible even though it's a smaller
City so I'm really liking Milwaukee
because I mean you know I guess if money
were no option living in downtown
Chicago might be great but traffic's
better here and things are cheap or so
I'm liking it
the Northwest Suburbs
and you know what Northwest Suburbs are
actually easier to get to from Milwaukee
like if you want to go to the to like
gurney Mills Mall or something although
I'm not sure why you would because it's
like a giant out the mall now but it's
actually more accessible from Milwaukee
than it is from the south suburbs of
Chicago rich my brother was watching the
live stream the other day we're both
from Germany and huge RLM fans he
mentioned you in rich speak German we do
not we both studied it in high school I
somewhat more than he did I think he
just took a year of it we know a little
German
I am NOT capable of carrying on a
conversation in German the closest I
ever came was once when I was in Mexico
and our tour guide spoke broken English
and I was translating it for the benefit
of a couple of confused German tourists
into broken German
but yeah as far as German I I studied
for years of it in high school but high
school is a while ago now the anarchist
handbook is that like the Anarchist
Cookbook wasn't that like how to make
bombs or something Bad News Bears
kind of movie about baseball is
something
my name is yes I want to deep down a
little league team baseball the league I
don't think I've seen it it's like The
Mighty Ducks yes precedes it by like 30
years what's your favorite baseball
movie
sure I Friday the 13th the game the
female speaking is Rich's fiancee aka
Karen Rookie of the Year that's a good
movie major-league I love the part where
they're spitting and grabbing their
crotches have I ever been to California
Richard you ever been to California yeah
once I have never been farther west then
the suburbs of Milwaukee I'm never
walking up done like st. Louis Missouri
will I ever be on the best of the worst
episode possibly not the natural is cute
we used to go to this the baseball games
that the Windy City Thunderbolts Stadium
all the time and one day somebody
actually managed to break one of the
lights and they started playing the
music from the natural like they had a
cute probably for years waiting for the
opportunity because rich and I are kind
of minor-league unaffiliated baseball
nerds
we never missed an opportunity to be
well heard in anywhere near one to visit
a minor-league unaffiliated stadium
frontier league the Northwoods League
Northern League Black Cauldron I have
never seen it the Expos like the
Montreal Expos aren't they the Nationals
now what makes the Windy City Thunder
bolts different from major league
baseball as opposed to minor league
baseball Majan watching a game live five
feet away from where the players are
playing yeah imagine buying season
tickets and being able to get them in
the front row if you want for basically
less than the cost of buying tickets to
every game like at a discount season
tickets for less than one trip to a
major league ballpark all said and done
with parking and snacks it not only
doesn't cost $500 a seat it doesn't cost
$500 a season ticket and you can sit
right behind home plate and call your
own balls and strikes or anywhere else
you want to sit you can season tickets
anywhere they only have y'all may only
Stella for limited number of season
tickets the food is cheap the beer is
cheap unaffiliated minor league ball is
a whole lot of fun it really is and
we've got really into the thunderbolts
and in 2007-2008 they won their stare up
championship series do I prefer
unaffiliated minor-league baseball than
affiliated you know I've got nothing
against affiliated ball but we never
really lived that close I mean the King
County Cougars are fine that was the
closest to us but it wasn't that close
to us as we were living in southern Cook
in your wheel County but yeah I mean I
mean the it's just it's a lot of fun
it's inexpensive
it's chilled out they've got a lot of
silly promotions one of one day we found
ourselves me rich and my father wearing
a giant pair of stretchy oversized
cartoon underwear running a race against
three middle-aged ladies that we won
what do we get free pop or free tickets
or something I don't know but it's a lot
of fun I highly recommend minor league
ball unaffiliated minor league ball
college would bat league like the
Kenosha kingfish noble experienced a
speakeasy in San Diego if remember in
San Diego that sounds neat
do I play softball ever
I've never played anything baseball
related in any kind of organized way I
played soccer in high school and while I
wasn't the best soccer player in the
world I wasn't the worst either and I
liked it
they say you sound very feminine tonight
fuck you too just answer did you control
the door did they finally unearthed the
firecrackers what they went oh I don't
know I don't know am i interrupting
no no I'm just a little some get so
focused that's why I can't so last room
that's why I need you I need you baby
alien covenant I've never heard of it no
idea what it is
although I'm guessing it's probably
either horror sci-fi
there was just good at ventriloquism I
do not exist the Biergarten in San
Francisco if I had to think of what
place I would get good German beer at
San Francisco's the last place I've
actually expect would think you know I
know st. Paul or me Milwaukee I have
never seen female trouble I did the only
Roger Waters related film I've ever seen
this the wall and what I remember the
wall largely to be honest is that
crazy-assed remote control that he had
first television that was just so 70s
sorry gold antenna have you seen the new
Planet of the Apes trilogy no there's a
trilogy but they're just two of them
maybe there's three huh
what am i doing in Mexico with really
people John Waters and Roger Waters my
point the same golden tour yes also the
first one he said already eleven o'clock
yeah I think I'm done for the night
chicken flavored chicken you are not but
that's alright nobody else does either
they want to hurt you Jason
did we see a Planet of the Apes movie
together or was that I see that with
somebody else which you said what
somebody else is that the first one the
second one of the trilogy no idea no
idea right
are all three ones of the trilogy out
yet is it a trilogy
hell no this thing is a trilogy I know
there's one out now and I know I saw one
and I haven't seen this one and they
know there's one that came out a few
years ago kind of a bad way to end it
it was the one with the guy screaming in
the megaphone for two hours the second
one or the first one you know what the
one I saw had one of the monkeys was
like a good monkey and the rest of the
monkeys were bad monkeys and some guy
was yelling at a microphone all the time
sorry that was the second okay that
required my concentration I'll never
forgive you a little bit different ways
a counselor you playing say you're
juggling a lot well yeah because there's
only one Jason versus everybody yes yes
Oh dreamer okay I came in we came back
him back like a few minutes after that
stream I read the rest those names I am
caught up apes monkeys are lower in the
evolutionary ladder just above humans
all right yeah wherever we're done right
are you dumb that was that last match
frazzled my brain more than I thought it
would you looked so y so sorry it's
already starting I'm in for one more one
more round one more one more one more
one more less I'm Jason again I don't
feel like putting up with that encore
turn your head around there you go
now you click rich I want it off when I
know my hair's a mess your hair's fine
it's all kind of slicked back it's fine
I don't sense of the word but no every
time I've asked you've been you've been
pulling a technicality on my ass haven't
you my hair it's fine technicality on my
ass next time I'm gonna ask does my hair
look good or okay specifically does my
hair look oh hey your hair looks fine
your hair looks like you when you look
fine cuz I like you
Sega talking I'm playing as a counselor
I'm not I'm not I'm not
who's juggling against eight seven other
people there's still nothing in the damn
drawers motorboat and this is not my
mother's house
down there spring water I'm not gonna
find anything useful in spring water am
i I'm my Barbie queen of the prom
rematch I don't know I think we should
play like mauled madness next time think
Jack went out and bought a party the
queen of the problems now he can be
queen of the prom every day he's
probably making his sons play and
they're like oh dad come on it's a girl
game so he would be mine
anybody might know son should be
developed inclusivity dad I'm sure he's
not forcing his kids to play Bobby queen
of the prom probably not
they're forcing him to play Legos
something something that's true it's
only fair all right is it weird that I'm
playing dead cells enough that when I
hit that dead B button I fully expected
to do a roll I hit the button why am I
not rely am I not rolling broforce yep
no never heard of it why would you be
surprised that a game is a weird name
why if you put your baseball bat and the
fire will the burn no they barely got
the the major technical and this time
it's lupus hey rich and Karen sometimes
I'll play Star Trek birth of the
Federation which is more than 20 years
old
do either of you have any really really
old games you like to play one on them
yeah pac-man that's true Tetris
I'm in here dogs 5c um but a while since
I've played older games it's not that I
have anything against it a lot of times
you know this or that for the show oh
well with all of the weird like source
ports and fan updates to doom how does
one count doom I don't know they want to
know who my Hall Pass is what does that
mean should I be afraid to ask yes don't
answer until you know for sure what it
is as I predicted I found nothing and
springwater campus which is a huge fan
of thief
I'm mistake yeah I haven't played in
ages though do you like police quest
games like the first er I was told not
to answer
Oh hall passes whoo rich would allow me
to sleep with ya oh we're not we don't
have that yeah I mean if you have that
and you meet really agree to it weird
fun but it's not us we're the jealous
possessive type yeah we're the uptight
old-fashioned type yeah I can deal with
that
would you ever play Jedi Outcast on
stream how do you have once Brad Pitt is
old I mean really he's not looking so
good these days
Tom Cruise is crazy you can't tell me
Brad Pitt's looking worse than like Tom
Hanks or someone though everyone agent
that's a person who quit because he
didn't feel like playing the game or
because he wasn't chasing because his
laundry was done and his girlfriend
wanted to do it my dad could reason to
quit yet nobody's gotten any work done
it anything else I'm kind of fucked I am
I'm fully on grace clark kirk especially
michael studied gutters fucked Tom
Cruise does age I don't care if he dyes
his hair black and bleaches his teeth
like I'm sure they spend a lot of time
digitally monkeying with his face and
movies there's probably a significant
amount of time spent taking all the old
crow's feet it's the power of l ron
Hubbard
that's what they want you to believe
what does the L stand for
I don't know lard ass something
embarrassing maybe nothing maybe L like
yell instead of like J like Homer Jay
Simpson J hey why is there an L word for
a con man scumbag I wasn't getting out
is the house based on the book where
like there's like these weird demonic
being more than trying to put people
against each other
tip it's Spanish for the ron Hubbard oh
I'll be back yeah you can take off your
mom well not tonight that's the pain in
the ass to set up because I would need
to hook up capture devices and bring in
PS force all right for mixing I was
gonna invite you I don't see your name
here anymore
sorry nice go down a bit see if you're
still on Steam you don't see you I can't
invite I don't see you I don't see you
I'm sorry I'm closing the party though
I'm sorry
all right I'm start up a new game
chains in our Jason though Muslim
classic part three
you're getting on all right are you
finish getting on there are you getting
on there you go there you go
invite said
all right
you got ping up par yo what I know your
mouth
I'm play one more cuz I'm feeling it I'm
feeling it
I don't like Karen that Mike needs to be
in like your face I don't but I have to
sit down before the Mike can be in my
face and even then it doesn't want to
stay balanced you had a tighten the
thing I'm working on there we go
thank this dude needs more feet I have
to close the party or does that end the
party we went over this once before do I
have to do something to finalize the
party I don't I don't normally do this
alright
I think it's good yeah it's good alright
we're good our ping is shit it's not
alright it's not hot garbage but it is
wha the thing is bad I'll deal with it
your ping is what your lifetime yeah I
mean yeah we're in the yellow level out
it's getting worse
Jason goes to hell is our fun Mary
mm-hmm my favorites in this series if
not my favorite just because it's Locke
and I like that about it I'm Jason and
space might be my favorite Jason a space
knows what it is
we love oral set or premarital sex you
want to smoke some dope or everything
say pot you want to smoke some pot
trying to get in just get drunk and
smoke some pot I forget what the line is
but Jason's the VR fantasy to distract
Jason is hysterical it's fucking
hysterical it's drinking drugging
premarital sex in teens yeah
alright there's a fence I'm thrilled by
this fence where am i oh pack an AK at
least favorite map in the game what do
we got motorboat
I need a map to know where the motorboat
is it's usually the best way to get out
in this map but they say you get high on
Tom's people you let me down so much so
much
I'm nowhere near the boat and I am NOT
going to have a boat escape as great as
last time
I've not seen sharknado but I would like
to see the best five minutes of it I
can't imagine it's a good movie but it's
got to have its moments I felt somebody
with a sharknado costume and that was
cool a picture yeah yeah
they had like mummy wraps around them
with like plastic shark stuff to it it
was awesome but they weren't character
from the movie because they probably
haven't actually seen the movie who
knows they want to know how many hours
it took to make the point keto board in
the wheel of misfortune Wow yeah the
Plinko board much longer there were
larger more complicated thing the point
keto board most of the time was just
figuring out how to get it to spin
finding something he could spin on going
to thrift store you mean wheel the worst
yeah the wheel sorry the wheel was all
what you know finding the mechanism
looking through Amazon and eBay at
turntables right right I was hoping I
could find something at a thrift just
like just something I could actually get
in my hands and spin around see how how
it would work but we ended up having to
go to Amazon then we weren't sure yeah I
was looking at you know lazy susans on
Amazon after a while but the problem
with that was these things are like
built for industrial uses they're
they're meant to spin a rack around not
necessarily spin a rack around really
fast industrial industrial lazy susans
are not low friction and fast table
ladies lazy susans are men that meant to
hold a lot of weight especially if it's
unbalanced I eventually just kind of
gambled when I bought the the lazy susan
I did get
I mean all of the stuffy builds are
pretty much prototypes and it ended up
working but once once I once I actually
had a lazy susan in my hand it was a
matter of days it wasn't it wasn't too
bad after that well the other thing was
I had to find a table - so finding
finding the parts finding all like a
thing I could use as the actual wheel
and then like he cuts out the letters
for these things yeah this was some of
those letters actually all of them
eventually are carved carved some of
them I traced the smaller letters on the
wheel I'd trace from something but the
larger ones I just made those completely
on my own with a t-square it's just very
meticulous yeah so yeah it takes a fair
number of hours maybe that even though
even carving out those letters wasn't
that bad I was like couple hours really
and then you made that crazy table with
a curve yeah I'm gonna yank his chain
cuz he's not gonna yank his chain but
wait no I don't want to do the windows
update I've got keys what oh yeah we're
still playing again he made a table and
it's round it saying what's it in it's a
what I'm all for the the nerd crew and I
said I said how did you make the table
round and he said well I just stuck a
piece of string to a pole and went
around in a circle and I was like what's
that round it's a curve inside but yeah
just I do it yourself compass I thought
it was clever there was one of the
clever things have done making stuff
impressed me for what it's worth what
stuff is all probably by the car
how were they not done they stranded on
an island half in the bag storyline I
need to see Gilligan J and skipper Mike
you might have to keep waiting long
plans they want to know if you'll get
more very cool shirts yes sure it should
be shortly that was easy
I I dunno they're on the way I don't
know what any holdup might be but I know
this should be on the way no we do not
need to mug max landis he's a nice
person because there's a kick-ass
version of Superman
pocket knife be nice game pocket knife
pocket knife
look have I met max I have not met max I
met Freddie and Freddie was really nice
oh my god he didn't trap it he didn't
trap it they didn't trap it Freddie did
give us a copy of the Superman the first
issue of it and I read it and then I
went and bought the rest of the issues
on comiXology and really enjoyed them
the Superman rested an alien or if it is
American alien they had the gas I'm
gonna risk it I have not met the
Canadians we're gonna order does it work
foolishly going help buy the car nor if
I met the karate guy or maybe shove
gasoline in it do they have gas does
anybody have the gas oh this is my
fucking day
they want to know for a war aware of
Jordan Peterson I have no idea what that
is
oh shit my lag Julian only when he eats
too much broccoli cheddar state the lag
is hurting I don't know that I can drive
like this I can hear him the excitement
is on if anybody ever says to me ask
grass for gas I'm going to fuck
have you ever seen a cabin that had
venetian blinds hold up hold up you're
like if they've got window screens hold
up I'm gonna try something
it's not period accurate I was in cabins
in summer camp in the 80s and getting my
windows couldn't even keep mosquitos is
not bad and lines I was gonna get commit
scene Commission's the killer is Jason
mixing is Jason yeah
not a bad escape no oh my god one more
go until well no I'll say that we didn't
leave whatever you want I want a carrot
stick around a little while longer I
don't have to be I was really tomorrow
that was that was good driving
considering that lag was Freeman was
really bad oh look this bridge has
infrastructure problems like half the
other bridges as bad as okay what's that
called Empire of Derrick which you
didn't see I didn't know shit and I got
the phone going I'm a hero
how can into these cars have rust or
bumper stickers um I'm a goddamn hero
Karen he is starting to have fun he's
actually smiling he had this totally
grim look on his face earlier he looked
like I wish this was actually life or
death I was playing through mole oh god
I could say sweetly unfamiliar with what
I was doing mixing I'm I'm kind of sorry
for ruining your your your run is Jason
here I'm really sorry for that
we did see Dunkirk we saw it like week
and a half ago or so if that maybe we
could go Friday
and it was it was a kind of movie that
you figure maybe makes you a better
person a more educated or something for
watching because really it's it's kind
of grim yeah it's not especially bloody
it's a lot of mannequins and sand it's a
two-hour nightmare
yeah it's movie about people who are at
a party that they're trying desperately
to leave and not having any luck I hate
saying the main characters this is kind
of three stories going on but you know
wherever this guy goes some horrible
things gonna happen yeah pretty much
people drowning people getting blown up
people half drowning and then getting
burned people yeah I mean yeah war sucks
they did some weird nonlinear shit where
like you saw the same folks on three
times and you don't necessarily know
that they're doing some nonlinear stuff
when it starts happening it's a
confusing at first it's a gig storyline
with a guy in a plane that doesn't have
enough gas or aviation fuel well don't
spoil anything yeah there's like
different lines different storylines but
I guess it sounds like the people at
Dunkirk when they got off Dunkirk
thought that everybody was going to
consider them shameful because they had
to be evacuated off an island and they
didn't save France but you know the
British people were glad they still had
people that they weren't dead and you
know it still defend Britain to
what other films of Nolan's Empyrean
release the ones ception Pledger i like
yeah Keith ledger the one with Heath
Ledger he's only in the one I mostly
liked it because you hate ledger right
yeah he's right I wasn't I wasn't that
crazy about Batman Begins it was fine
are there any particular movies each of
either of you love and try to watch
every year every year I love there's
nothing I have like an had like an
annual yeah event I mean I think I
already mentioned the two that I really
like I really love airplane and I really
want you adore them over Holy Grail
surely you can't be serious I am serious
don't call me Shirley can make seen you
you don't you don't have to apologize I
don't I don't think you have anywhere
near the amount of hours in this game
that I do so you know man it's all good
okay they got out because I called the
cops
I did not all right I'm gonna find it
glad when I'm gonna what he died Jack
I'm gonna find a different room with
better lag with better ping
it's not true that no one likes Titanic
we have a mutual acquaintance who just
loves it the movie Titanic the goofy one
Jackson who you're afraid to let me
drive with because he's such a you can't
say Jax Jax sons okay no yeah I know I
know you're picking a fake name I guess
son doesn't drive he's a little boy
right Johnson he loves it he does that a
terrible he's a weirdo pothead I know
this mutual acquaintance of ours one day
I came home from work and he was there
waiting for me with hanging out with
rich and he said you want to go to the
video store and I said yes but you need
to drive carefully because it's really
treacherous out there I just drove home
he floored it out of our parking lot
ended up on the sidewalk narrowly missed
a fire hydrant it's pretty bad
miele confirmed for weird about it huh
my old I have no idea anything about my
it's not Mike no it's not - really not
Mike
how is it driving and snow you've still
never seen in snow if snow is fresh and
deep enough it's a little bit slippery
where if you turn your car your back end
wants to keep going mm-hmm
it's not generally a huge problem you
have to be careful with braking go slow
go slow if it turns into ice I once
tried to stop at a stop sign and did an
unintentional 180 in slow motion but
it's no it's just like the the back end
of your car just kind of wants to keep
going whichever way it's going
mixie and there's no way we're getting
adjacent kill with just two of us at the
party I want to try again someday but
we'll probably need Jack with us yes
don't turn fast don't expect to stop
fast we need we neither we need to pick
the right characters for that to really
work what are my thoughts and sorrows
Star Wars Star Wars prequels I've only
seen the first one you actually want to
see the other ones hmm sometime I
suppose I should and III honestly have
never bugged you to watch this the thing
about snow is the people who have
four-wheel drive somehow think that
they're magically immune from everything
related to snow and they need to drive a
hundred miles an hour and they
frequently end up in a ditch or
something especially if they manage to
hit a patch of ice but driving in snow
is really generally not that exciting
it's just yeah you have to be a little
careful it's like driving in rain except
a little bit worse
maybe I really want to be snow tires
Oh many places that are remotely urban
do not allow them to snow tires or
chains every other man I mean like
regular snow tires every other match
yeah I know I need to shave what of it
I'm picking the chains
I didn't know I've never lived in a
place where a lot of crazy snow is
normal I have always lived on the kind
of lease side of lakes on the side that
is not downwind of the prevailing winds
but by shave I just mean trim he shaved
a shave it up here a little bit and
underneath he shaved it completely bald
a few months ago and it it just looked
weird I was like yeah you know you
should grow back you look - like a I
don't know a baby or something with its
shape with it bald mouth with your face
bald northern Arizona yeah elevations
are definitely snows I know like
Flagstaff or something right
we're good we're in here
probably already out the window
beard letter media no I don't have to
work tomorrow otherwise I would
definitely be in bed already
yeah Flagstaff is like famous for having
snow Jack Joyce Jack trick or Joyce as
opposed to like Phoenix where my sister
lives words how do that look at that a
horse shit
elevation means a lot though plus it's
good deal north
this is Rich's final facial hair form
has he reached J levels no but I will
ever reach J levels when it comes to
facial hair there's a regular pretty boy
he stays
it helps counteract the fact that he
still looks like he's 15 with crow's
feet he's got such a baby face you're
right it would be so horrible to look
like he was having his later 37 heaven
forbid he look youthful just grow it out
no don't do the Amish thing and
definitely don't do the hipster beard
down to the down your nipples that's
just weird on you
there's rich Ewa facial this is rich
ever beard it's hard to tell because
which I Arab Network Mike has like a
permanent 5 o'clock shadow this rich
ebony gray hair don't we all a lot no
thank you for sharing do be sandwich no
it was not a funny slip I'm not
answering that you laying yeah Mike does
have the Homer Simpson face he's pale
and he's got black facial hair and it
shows through his skin so the permanent
of 5 o'clock shadow
what happened your mask roach I'd be
wearing it why am I seeing your head now
on the lines is wearing a hat before her
did he have hair before I was we using a
different Jason before do you get to
pick with Jason or yeah
Brenden go 99 rich thought that for a
long time - didn't you think you
couldn't grow a Papa Bear yeah but when
he gets a little bit longer it actually
kind of fills in any good books I'm
reading actually right now I'm reading a
chain of title which is a book about the
foreclosure crisis which is interesting
kind of scary it's kind of like the
financial industry said fake it till you
make it is and I'm like fake
documentation until you get what you
want except they kind of didn't I don't
think I want to join the best of the
worst because I don't like watching bad
movies I like watching good movies when
that battery is if you if your work -
laughs - season of The Simpsons what
season would you watch I don't know
three or four five earlier three to
eight seems reasonable yeah
ah volcanoes in the housing crisis
you're interested - yay yeah pretty much
I have seen some bad movies you saw
weekend weekend - Bernie's - once I
survived this time as lupus says hey
rich just experiencing some heartburn so
I took Tom's registered trademark and
it's gone
you're so right thanks rich I feel so
much better now at lol tums my heartburn
it's like I come back to the boat
it's some really cheesy water
to
huh
I'm not that nice because I'm not
answering
the shop
these are names of the cabins like
Pfeiffer flat do they mean anything it
might be for the movies or something why
are they red just so they show up more
early read because somebody's in between
you in them they're read because I'm
using a vision power to sense them all
right now please Jason Mona I get quiet
as home I noticed I'm glitched son
glitch
yeah oh he's got like veins inside of
his head like giant ones there's a
serial killer monster what do you expect
better vasculature oh yeah the first
season of The Simpsons definitely looks
wierd the animation was really different
it was like the chasey was an Almond
show we the pilot it just looks it
doesn't look like the Simpsons it's like
fetal stem suits there's blood pouring
from his jugular on that side again
I have never seen Game of Thrones it's
on the list of things I probably should
see like Breaking Bad just kick it down
yeah even my mother is telling me that I
need to say Breaking Bad
my mother is hooked on it now
yeah yeah you go for an environmental
but I have to annoyed
I love Kimmy Schmidt we've been totally
looking forward to the second season of
stranger things I kind of like low
stranger things seasons - I I wonder how
it could possibly better than seoeon but
we'll see
we'll see ya season three of commission
it was not my white ass boy chap would
jason voorhees show mercy
it's Jason Gore he's capable in emotion
other than maybe rage such a fantastic
rage that was cold simmering rage I want
to play is a counselor by I'm a Mormon
I should change my preference but
alright if you're gonna play another
round I'm gonna hit the restroom run it
back okay this might this will almost
certainly actually be it yeah sure this
will actually be it right this will
actually be a sure I wanted one more as
a counselor I want Morris Jason they
want to know what you think the worst
Friday the 13th is
and nine and we say Jason goes to hell
but I don't remember much about it
which is not a whore guy yeah and I
really ain't him this isn't worth yeah
there's some whore movies I like but in
in general I'm not super his mother
tried to shove cheap and Bailey made
horror movies down his throat had the
opposite effect
making me like it yeah yeah your mom was
cute though
and your mom's horror movie was also
cute should have paid more attention I
would've discovered Evil Dead 2 a lot
sooner and I did
which movies
I don't know some horror movies in a
weekly basis that was family night to
her was a be horror movie
I'll take evil then two over army of
darkness they're both they're both
classic some of the classics but I have
a soft spot for evil then to every every
shot of Evil Dead - fucking fucking just
oozes creativity and fun no no no what
got a shock on them see if I can find
the battery in the barn
right Jason smart he'll know there are
better things for him to be doing
trapping trapping the card trapping the
phone it's wrong this water this water's
great I like to inone a rider and
stranger things other people made beg to
differ
she's great in that but I liked her and
I really liked the kid with the Sox cap
without the Sachs logo
I think her Steve Howe explained that
Dustin yeah can't think his real name
but Dustin was great I don't think it's
officially what it is but all right I'll
take that yeah I don't think it's
officially a Sox cap but look exactly
like an ad Sox cap enough
rich what did Mike use to blackmail you
with to make you leave Chicago nothing
nothing
do you want to wear a shitty job the
rest your life or do you want to roll
the dice yeah and if you want to work
your shitty jobs there are plenty of
those in Milwaukee do right I love you
I'm glad you put my hand but I need to
put in your battery in your nasty 80s
car yeah yeah toll booth attendant there
are no toll booth attendant to speak of
anymore it's all I pass
do people like living in Chicago we
never lived in Chicago we always lived
around Chicago all right did somebody
missed the gas up north or did they take
the gas by the barn elsewhere fuck
Chicago was like 2 million plus but with
the suburbs it's like 9 million so we
were some of the 7 million plus people
living in Chicago suburbs all right he
can finish check-in that house I'm gonna
double-check up here are those outhouses
yes can you knock them over no Jason can
tear them down if somebody's in there
well it'll tell the door down it's not
in the barn it's not words bonds in the
big house either they missed it in these
two houses or somebody ran off with the
gas that spawns near the two-seater
which would be annoying for me we
started five hours in 7 minutes and 54
seconds ago Wow I got a double check
this guy's work can you knock the bushes
over nope
you said that you're bad on fire or wood
and like make it flame and then hit
Jason with flaming something no shit you
play the piano
no he used the toilet
no I if you're Jason you can dunk
somebody's head in it it's all they died
can you read those books nope what's
that I see the keys are next to the cove
sign
what would where that's not a good run
that's a bad run
so I got the gas and many keys
desperately searching for them no I
don't think seeing failing marriages
left and right is more resolved than
ever did have to get forget attached to
anyone there have always been shitty
marriages and great marriages and she'd
do relationships and great marriages a
great relationships if you're with
somebody for a long time you get along
with them you'll probably continue to
get along with them that's a purposeful
run I know that run
Elizabeth Taylor is a celebrity marriage
it was like to get dressed I'll be the
best sex you will ever have smirks
marriage in school wolf are you just
gonna let me die so you can take the
season are you
what girl wants to give oral sex
when a man isn't shaved star what I
think I just heard yeah you did all
right Elaine there's a surgery for that
gas tank battery we're gonna try this
he's busy with them and again we're
never gonna find the keys here
dick peeler he doesn't work in any so
visiting any is much the same as the
next just pick one
where's Jack Jackson like Wisconsin or
Canada or somewhere context context work
at anyone they said what gas station do
you work at I said I just said they
wanted to bother you at work and I said
you don't work it in the gas station so
one gas station is as good as the next
kind of one the pure asking that bother
rich at work comment basically and they
want to know where Jack is Jack is and
he was in on the stream earlier recent
northern was out of town again out of
town again
just can't wait to get out it's getting
weird to get sound again mmm
pack up my relatives and head on for the
hills and do stuff somewhere other than
here
they say the keys are near the Blair's
cold that guy probably I was like a
mixing oh alright you should have said
who it was now I know what's going on
somebody said there's a lot of Chicago
over the voice did you die with them on
people really asked us this feels like
cheating did you did you die with them
on your body
and do you know where the battery is I
shouldn't even be do you know your
corpses
where have you last seen your corpse
where did you leave your corpse
I'm getting tired lesbian this will be
legitimately Edmund we'll see what's PU
BG that's a shitty game
noise rich they say
tell rich just dreamed that Jason kill
to stream on a Wednesday so us Game of
Thrones fans can watch are we
interfering we're not trying to kill the
night table watching
congratulations you may enjoy your
umbrella the original Texas Chainsaw
Massacre film I was an enormous fan of
when I was about seven really okay
I'm fine no you can't do that yes how is
he pulling him through this yes you
couldn't easily have saved my ass
earlier but you didn't you just didn't
I can't running the investor because
huh-huh
he can't run any faster than that who
Jason this guy this guy um no I I mean
if my life depends on it I think I could
do more than a jog now that's a decent
shirt I can handle that one
you're about the third person to ask if
he's seen a gun forget it's much a
matter of conversation we have people
thought it was okay but no
I make it feel really good for you on
would you let me lick you everywhere
Oh fun in this game I wouldn't mind
seeing you but honestly I don't think
Texas Chainsaw Massacre means to me now
what it did me what it did when I was an
elementary school kid with Dateline NBC
I could probably teach you a few things
I'll be the best sex you will ever have
what girl wants to give also sadden
Freudianism shade SCH ad e NF r e UD I
know you 12 but girls these days are way
ahead that's the German word for
enjoying people's misery your secret
lover is there you and it's a shout in
Florida there's a schadenfreude it could
feel really good for you on it's one of
those it was like shad I like too bad
would you let me lick you everywhere
although I'm guessing that our German
friends are probably no longer in the
chat because it's midnight central
Daylight Time which makes it really
light there or really early we're
probably a decent hour to get out for
work or school it's like 7:00 in the
morning in German I'm crazy would be
blinding BC feeling dunk may arts bland
this t87 says one more hey you want to
go home I know you want to go home
it took separate cars I'm going whenever
I want if I don't I don't even know
something while you're dirty boy you
dirty dirty boy I know I should go home
I should go home it's been it's been fun
everybody thanks thanks for playing
everybody it's been fun it's been a
blast
Thank You committee Oh wiedersehen Oh
wha
I really dirty adios d how which isn't
good bye but I don't know how to say it
in Chinese no ha ha ha Nene how are they
just need how I think you said it right
but that's like Hello I think it's like
a little high or it's the same thing
might be this good an act is bugged
I'm here to earn sayonara all right we
caught up on tips ah yes
okay do you want to read the names of
the kind people with me I want somebody
just wrote in maybe Japanese I don't
know can't read it sorry
it's Z Z in Chinese is that how you say
it ZZ xie xie
salut yeah salut is what Swiss maybe
fad for 60 she she just she that's
adorable
she she was like goodbye in Chinese
you're adorable
Zhi Zhi Zhi Shi thank you for keeping a
comedy car I'm really - I'm really
terrible when I do this amount yeah
I suck - but hey what do you do yeah
yeah everybody has French even more
kebbeh quoi okay oh I hope enterin help
make this a better time for everyone Oh
wah
the stream is ending I'm sorry stream is
ending we've got a good long while time
to start 636
put it down there I think salut salut is
Italian yeah maybe I don't know you know
I mean you talk about like Switzerland
they're there they speak Italian and
Romansh and and German and French I mean
all this link would just kind of come
together in the vicinity of the Alps
alright bye bye works in Japanese bye
bye whenever whenever you're ready to
start reading the names of the
subscribers oh okay um
defunct row by the way this is the point
in the stream and if you know if you're
if you don't care to hear names Reds
your time to leave and goodbye thank you
for joining us we read off the names of
the people who have subscribed during
the stream that help us continue doing
what we do so thank you to defunct robot
beer Meister 20 89 for his recent kryb
for twenty two fucking months in a row
hike ma'am in the house indeed hike
ma'am so let you read that Frode up for
17 months in a roses I'm staying up here
in Norway for Twin Peaks but this is
good fun while waiting fat skinny Fox
power
Phantasy says hello Steve the ghost see
the ghost says hey rich I finally bought
space cop the other week you did a great
job also let Jack know his Highlander
videos are amazing all right we'll do
we'll do more dumb unit 0 3 u 2 0 3 says
jeez thinking of something the type is
hard so um thanks for being so damn
entertaining you can up heliosphere 1969
we're so adorable for how long 14 months
consecutively switch it up it's a big
word they're the real they on for 21
Kerry says Karen is Big O king sinner
roses Karen here Karen is here for my
21st anniversary let's get a drink
together except like rich I don't drink
so yeah I didn't have the mango IPA for
both of us maybe I don't know Captain
SWC is Rhys absque rived queen of one
queen of the One Ring I thought it was
gonna be like a wrestling thing though
oh there's one oh it's Lord of the Rings
things yeah hi rich and Karen y'all are
the cutest couple I wish you much
happiness thanks for all the fun streams
lol still not prom queen yeah Thank You
queen do you really want to be prom
queen no no really
not really as you know what I just
wanted to take it away from jack
surprise it's right you were the prom
queen
I never wanted to be the prom queen no
and after my high school reunion I even
less want to be the queen of anything
well I wouldn't want to know the
equivalent I guess would be the king and
care about shit like that yeah
popularity
yeah exactly worrying about what people
think it's just
exhausting I don't want the pressure for
the people want it good for them
stupid Brown PP supersonic bell or
subsonic my mistake say something else's
hi Karen hi subsonic Bell Wow 79 says
you guys are worth the money it cost me
to subscribe I said the no money but no
money
oh thank you Amazon Prime
yes thank you I to use my Amazon Prime
money to support rich any question in
any case I thank you when I remember uh
hack bot has that clip saved for
immortality which clip what wasn't the
say nothing happened now we want to know
oh there's something up there okay I
think of old duels is a fun prank to
play at a party people really do pretend
to be drunk duels is a virtually
alcohol-free pop oh oh I was confused
for a second there the AC says come suck
agreed except last year they kind of
didn't suck last year but that's okay
cuz I wanted my father that Cubs fan to
see them win the World Series in his
lifetime checkbox they can go back to
sucking now suck suck I unfortunately
this year they definitely do here is
where you were June has subscribed for
17 months in a row you think you realize
it was months in a room it was a trailer
there's nothing like a as a winsome it
was a winsome seventeen like do you wish
it could be more I was trying to
remember whether or not it warranted
profanity oh no no that's the 2-0 it was
profanity yeah that was what the
hesitation okay okay I was thinking
about the soccer clubs thing and another
track of my brain and what is a insane
first time in a while catching you guys
live by the way she's being nice
sir to you the stream Magan electric
crowbar the William Meister Joe Kitty
double O one Joe Kitty double O one says
four motherfucking months in a row yay
I'm original I see what you did there
but I'll let you get away oh that Mantic
Willa's says ten months oh my glory
Jim Love Boat Ezri subscribed for zero
months in a row how does that even work
Mathis that's beyond me renji me master
Kenobi double-oh-seven we're not really
sure which franchise Chas we want this
is the mother one this is not this is
not normal for 38 motherfucking moms in
a row Master Kenobi double-oh-seven says
rich after all this time I'm happy to
say that I'm going to continue being
subscribed hey I hope you enrich
continue previously recorded for as long
as you enjoy doing it
me me and Jack you read that rug
slightly wrong yes Taylor monster
khatoun 46 tops Kendall tragedy God sad
dog 42 Godfather think Italian and and
Anna raffia Godfather has three
subscribe before I 35 the fucking a
months in a row Jack Jack doesn't he
doesn't great I can't do it got fun
anyone what allowed you're digging dead
cells I don't know 31 why glad you're
digging dead cells I last 1984
/ s for twenty six fucking months in a
row em Cara Delevingne
okay you said it like a question like am
Cara Delevingne am Cara Delevingne
so he officer
yes which says well done on your boat
escape bridge I care I know it was great
it was great
there's a boat joke how often you see a
boat jook jook you go left
finally but you go right right away and
how you faked him out the only joke I'm
used to is like the thing you put
quarters and to make it play the song
that's a new box slightly different
welcomes the clown for 30 fucking
monster Oh Harald fairhair Harald
fairhair says rich I recently went to a
normal corn belters game what Illinois
minor-league amateur key teams to dice
tried to see next
well it depends on we're in Illinois you
want to go over in southern Illinois you
have the in saucier Illinois which is
formally Monsanto named after bad
monsanto there's the grizzlies i believe
they've got kind of a fun part you think
about the ones that are like in
basically in st. louis like that is well
court normals out there though no one
yours you are fun where you're coming
from it does depend on where you're
coming from if you are further north I
would definitely recommend the Windy
City Thunderbolts in Crestwood Illinois
the King County Cougars in King County
Illinois no I can't County that they're
affiliated a really it's kind of boring
part yeah the yeah the park is not too
exciting the it's not it's not ugly it's
just Schaumburg as a team I think
they're still called the Flyers they've
got a pretty good stadium there's a team
in Rockford don't issue with a call
these days they've been changing hands
it's alright I'm sure somebody's at that
Stadium in Loves Park Illinois also in
Joliet Illinois
silvercross Stadium it used to be the
jackhammers last I knew it was the
Slammers and Joliet they're a good time
if you're in Eastern Illinois you might
stop over in Gary Indiana for the Gary
Southshore rail cats there are lots of
good minor-league games you see here's
the one if you don't mind now if you
don't mind going to the far southern ass
end of Illinois it's not really in
Illinois but it's close enough to the
border it's a I would say it's in the
area Evansville Indiana where they
filmed a lot of chunk of a leg the
regular on yeah the Evansville otters
bussy field which is it you're younger
than Wrigley it is it's in the round in
this foul territory like you wouldn't
believe this is wrong it's the second
oldest ballpark in the country right the
second or third I don't know where it
fits in with Fenway but it's
vetal it's really old it is made it's
still made out of what you like you know
you expect baseball you the concrete
steel girders yeah fucking wood and I
think I'd look at ton of it because you
know the making out of wood they had
ahead of this thing actually stay up
parking Kenosha is almost that old too
but it's been kind of heavily made over
over the years so all these fucking
gigantic wooden beams everywhere and
foul territory foul territory in the
entails because the area we're right
it's a very interesting and beautiful
park so the Evansville honor there's a
couple of parks in that league in the
st. Louis area one on each side of the
state line also a good time I think
there's a team with either minor league
teams in Springfield Illinois but I
don't really recall what they're called
I highly recommend unaffiliated
minor-league baseball this is Karen
Rich's fiancee hi I never gave you a
formal introduction I just assume people
know you at this point
hi my lady love and finally leftover
beef cake for 33 do you like that name
fucking monster Oh should just let him
hang until he ran out of breath
Mike man's a little little slowed a
little offer game was loathing for
beefcake say thanks for being a part of
the stream Karen
we never learn about stuff like
anglerfish sex for Jack Jack you need to
talk more about anglerfish sex do you
like to go into the details of angler
angle angle and male anglerfish when
they come across a female anglerfish
clamped their jaws on and then their
body kind of atrophies and they're like
a gonad just sort of attached to the
side of the female fish releasing sperm
to fertilize her hips to make more your
head dissolves right I think it's just
kind of the head just kind of melds into
the body of the female fish and he
effectively becomes one of her organs
yeah that is constantly impregnating her
but yeah that's the note we're leaving
you out here folks
