Episode 836
Jack: The Return (again)(PUBG)
August 29, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IfJ0yZfCiN8
___________________________________________

that first I thought we weren't gonna
start until like 7 yeah so I I thought
we weren't gonna meet until 7 so I told
them 7:30 well Karen Karen wanted to go
to the Wisconsin State Fair yes and I
gave myself some wiggle room of course
you want to start rustic well I don't
know maybe you will get delayed here or
be here longer and I think yeah and the
fair a lot of walking around at the fair
yeah well let's go that's kind of
walking around it's kind of what you do
with the fair there's a 75% food stands
and you can't do that all day you can
take a day out of that here's what I'm
gonna do I'm gonna do he's my plan I'm
gonna chop off this bottom of the screen
so no one can stream snape me Karen
wanted to see some kind of dog
competition thing they had going on yeah
so we got there earlier but I I probably
would have chosen to get there uh-huh
so you can see the dog competition it
was the equivalent of stupid pet tricks
it wasn't even like the run the obstacle
cause it was just like and this he's
gonna put the ball in a cup of stuff the
kind of shit David Letterman would have
had him to show back on the day we got
that started she wanted to make sure we
got good seats officers front row she
loves them dogs you need good seats rich
you know we got there an hour early hmm
and like halfway through the show this
fucking obnoxious family shows up this
woman like walking around like in front
she won't take a fucking seat and at
some point she wanted to park her her
mother crew was in a wheelchair like
directly in front of Karen we got here
an hour early to get good seats and now
you're parking a wheelchair in front of
my she's sharp she is she's very can't
see shit did you tell off an elderly
woman in the wheelchair is that what
you're telling us we pulled off the
middle-aged woman who parked the elderly
woman in front of us I mean like she's
old she can't see shit anyway no or the
grandmother didn't worry she didn't want
to be there in front of people on the
ends
like no connects to the stands rather
than in front of them right right hi
everybody just walk it in front of us
for half the competition wrangling her
noxious fucking children oh that's the
worst get you should get your shit under
control get your shit kids under control
that's what I say fuck families fuck
everyone jack is back hi everybody
jack is back from up north I went up no
you know what you know what I ran into
up north which I was not expecting yeah
a fan no not too shocking I was in I was
in a very small town up north and I was
not expecting to run into a fan ran into
a fan he bought me a drink
so you know I'm pretty happy more and
more so I'm happy because it happened in
front of it happened in front of people
and normally fan encounters don't happen
in front of people so they always think
I'm making it up and it happened in
front of enough people a house like see
this happens sometimes go on a family
trip to the Ren Faire why because
there's lots of fans at the Ren Faire
I've not gone since rlm has been a thing
yeah in the public consciousness I have
not gone to the Ren Faire and not been
recognized less than two times ah that's
a crowd the Ren Faire crowd did get
noticed once at the State Fair a lot of
fat guys are like tractors so we had the
road any fair really any fair we're
gonna get around noticed
and we want to land whatever land
wait do you mind fans coming up now the
depends how it fits my woman out they
like punch you in the face like that's
the best factor sure sure you say hi or
something I'm generally friendly with
you just don't punch me in the face
rule number one why am I not moving
forward are you oh I have I think I have
pitch in y'all when the parachute bound
to like the mouse right and left cuz I
switched that for driving because it's
the same controls as gas in the car sure
I have gas on the cars right and left in
the most as opposed to W and oh well
that's fine I'll be fine maybe nope
so in any case I got I got recognized up
there we were out with oh come on
we were out was the family and and it
was a very nice gentleman bought me a
beer and I appreciated it oversized the
game window is not oversized I wanted to
you know there there is a concern way
Lou
there's a concern amongst people about
stream sniping in which they they they
see what game you are playing with that
information I have the bottom cut off
with that information but I think it's
too far cut off you know like I can
raise it up see your health yeah I can
raise it up a little bit where at least
you can see my health that's so clever
shit I'm trying to be clever here hold
on we got a but first I got to fix my
shit my sense you know like new computer
so I'm like I think my sit wait why is
my why hasn't my sensitivity up what's
oh oh because I hit forgot to apply
probably
I love you guys but do you really think
you're so great at pub G that it would
matter first of all I resent the the you
guys as I am NOT playing this and I
never intend to touch at least the solo
mode of this game fucking ever again
right so I resent that you guys plural I
on the other hand really enjoy this and
no I do not think I'm so great at this I
understand that you know I'm just a just
a dude you just a dude playing first
fuck you first of Watan really I said
first of all off instead of first off
first of all first of all first of all I
like first of all better now you know
like we just enjoy playing games and
we're gonna talk about what would play I
know like that that was the common
complaint amongst most people is just
like well all the clips they showed you
know they sucked and it's like well I'm
sorry but I showed clips that I thought
were funny you know I should like that
the clips were the where I go down and
just punch someone and die like I just
thought that was funny I thought people
might enjoy that I got here I got a
whole bunch of nothing man what was your
best summer ever
best summer ever what was your best
summer ever
some are 89 okay if that's the year I'm
thinking of summer of 89 didn't you have
what was that year Indiana Jones The
Last Crusade Ghostbusters - I think The
Rocketeer
woohoo Framed Roger Rabbit
that's a great there were there were a
metric ton of good summer movies yeah
Batman
a metric fuckton of good summer movies
I'm in a really good position right here
I could use like a circle what rich what
dog won the show oh good question
this little I don't know what kind of
dog it is this little bug-eyed thing
that Chihuahua but about a smallest one
the Pug pom-poms are small baby the pugs
have the flat faces that opened a little
tiny mailbox took the mail out gave it
to the owner and then closed the mailbox
back up a penny the dog's name was penny
barely beat out a skateboarding dog Oh
skateboarding dogs are so overplayed
right now so overplays feed its feed
fell off the skateboard the two times
did try it oh man we're there early
enough I saw it practice I got a perfect
to practice okay
so I got stage fright yeah choked Aaron
Rodgers did I get it oh it was the idiot
judges who gave it you know three ten
sure sure idiot judges do two idiots
like I'm in the circle I got some health
back I got some decent guns I'm just
gonna wait to see if I can surprise
someone walking in the door that's my
game plan right now there's people out
there you know next to a big city due to
rich went to a dog show this afternoon
at the at the Wisconsin State Fair was
really into dogs
yeah unhealthily into dogs she's
unhealthily in today really and you know
when I was up and I was up in
Rhinelander last week that's why I was
gone
way up north yeah and our first night
there they had the Oneida County Fair
which is you know the the small town
version of you know their County Fair
and it had like three rides and you know
maybe like 50 people there and
was great we saw magic show we went on a
ferris wheel there was a Hodag show up
in Rhinelander they have these things
called the Hodags which are which are
like fake monsters and they have this
whole Hodag show there is no Frank
grenade I you know I know you don't like
it but I do her wearing waiting for the
door to open mode you know it just kind
of works
you know there's more I could I guess
like I could be searching more and doing
more but I have enough equipment where
I'm not super worried about it right now
like I'd love some more shotgun shells
but there's there's people out there you
know this screen position is retarded
your rights and I will fix it but I'm in
the middle of playing right now you you
may have tuned in late it's actually
very clever it's why I over clever dit
you over Chloe you cut off a little too
much yeah a little too much so a worry
about people who play pub G and stream
pub G is that people will stream sniped
them which is they will they will check
out my stream and there are these
numbers on the bottom of your of your of
your deal where people can tell what
game you're in and then they will they
will go to where you are or tell other
people who are also streaming the game
where you are if they can find out what
game you're in and and find out your
position and and so I'm cutting off the
numbers so they can't easily know what
game I'm in the saying can you put a
text box or something over those numbers
oh that's a good idea see like these are
all clever ideas that's a good you know
what that's a way better idea because
then we can get more screen as soon as
as soon as I die which will be soon I
can only assume how much yeah I got a
lot of ammo for that that's good this is
you know this is a gun you get a lot and
I like this gun the only problem is only
13 shots at once but you know
did I change that to Otto there you go
but this auto shotgun is great I kill a
lot of people with this I just had this
the game I was playing this afternoon
got the third I got to third man with
the auto shotgun because you know Auto
shotgun this game that you could not
recommend you were playing this
afternoon
I can't I still can't right I you know
I'm still playing it I am still enjoying
it rich and I cannot recommend it I
can't why am i what's making me throw a
frag I'm glad I don't have a fright
because I keep hitting a button oh shit
so this thing has a motion thing and
apparently the motion is uh is throw
frag grenade that's brilliant
well listen I got to I got to change up
some things but I still really like the
game it's like you know when I play by
myself and I got my headphones on it's
moments like this that are really tense
and you're just listening for footsteps
and waiting for them to come into the
door are they gonna know I'm here are
they gonna check the door like I'd love
to be able to check the slot wouldn't
that be great the slot and somebody on
the other side was pointing a shotgun
right and got you right in the face
right so you know to me I I'm enjoying
this game still like I could use some
armor I could use some armor I don't
want to loot though because I keep
hearing
I keep hearing gunfire out there I could
really use some armor though and we had
so much fun playing Friday the 13th less
room yeah so much fun
so much fun I'm really glad that you had
fun Friday 13 I'm very proud of you for
playing Friday the 13th here's what I
will say is as you know what I would
like to play more Friday 13th when they
when they have the patch come out or
when I have the new update we'll play
more Friday the 13th I don't think
they're updating the one thing they need
to update the one fucking thing
there's wreaking havoc on this game and
has been wreaking havoc on this game
they just need like exactly like rocket
League has a 15 minute you're out of the
server you you can't join a new game if
you leave early before you're dead
that's the one thing they need that's
the one thing I have not heard about
them fixing yeah the fixing team killing
which oh and they're fixing team killing
in a weird way
yeah the problem for me no like team
killing accidentally shit this guy over
there accidental team killing happens
which you know I'm gonna be really happy
that that's not gonna happen as often
yeah all those funny moments yeah we'll
never have that again that's true the
fixing the wrong thing yeah they're
concentrating on the wrong thing there
was a guy in that house over there
you've beaten dead cells rich I've
beaten it in the sense that I have
played as far as they have programmed I
have I have killed that watcher boss and
there's apparently nothing after that
are they enabling remapping it'd be nice
if they do that's still not as big a
problem as people leaving the majority
of matches the majority it's more than
there's more than 50% somebody leaves
the second they realize they're not
going to spawn in us Jason
right and then you're down one or two
people
and yeah that is a problem that is a
problem you know but I get the the good
news is that they are working on it they
are still doing stuff for the game
you know and that's nice
I've been I've been born inside the
circle yep so we're just weren't born in
the USA born in a minimal rebel basis
guys yeah so many things are happening
it's is it a new season of what hot
American summer I was so good defenders
releasing on Friday
no no man's sky content I saw you know
what's and someone someone was writing
comments on our video but not mine it's
guy you guys gonna check it out no
there's got new content nope
done all that pales in comparison to it
seems like talks of a a dread TV show
are picking up steam oh yeah
it's something less like a pipe dream
there is no concept art floating around
Karl Urban is interested I heard that I
heard Karl Urban is interested which
would be fucking great I heard pop pop
pop
I heard pop pop pop rich yes I have seen
dread dread of dread is amazing dread is
amazing dread is an amazing show and I
could I don't need it button do waiting
to be killed waiting to be killed
yeah that's great have you watched any
of the new duck tales cuz apparently new
duck tales out I thought that was later
this month so I have not seen any new
duck tales oh I thought it was out art
and you know it might not be maybe
they're just like floating more art for
but I I had assumed it was out already I
thought it was later this month
oh no well there you go you know what
there you go yeah you know what there
you go
heads up I'll be missing a stream coming
up yeah to watch doctor this is my
fucking turn
it's a mystery but listen you like I owe
you at this point like eight so yeah you
take all you take all the time you need
man
I might might be going far enough self
to see the totality should you should
man I I wish like if I had it's just too
close to the other two trips that I took
but if I like oh I wish I could I really
wish I could but you you've got to get
on that all the hotels are booked up you
got to go go go man yeah like oh now
like you needed it's a booked months ago
so you got to find a place now if you
are thinking about it is is my only is
my only advice to you is you gotta you
gotta work for it
car over there drivin cool your car over
there driving it's pretty cool but
that's great you really should I I'm I'm
incredibly jealous of anyone who gets to
see a full solar eclipse
am I still in oh I'm just in look at
that look at where that white line is
I'm just inside so I oh man I love it
like this is the thing I can't properly
explain why I get so into this but to me
you know just this this slow-paced
cat-and-mouse like it's a slow burn slow
burnt no no cat mouse a little wrong
mouse its mice trying to eat each other
there can be cat mouse in there's micro
cat Mouse like when you see someone and
they see you and you're trying to figure
out what to do there can be a little cat
back and forth back and forth cat mouse
that was the wrong term to use in that
set but to me it's very tense like just
waiting so but again I fully agree that
not everyone's gonna dig this that's why
I couldn't recommend it just cuz like
this is just a me thing oh my god
anything any for me like if I can make
it over or you know better than 20 alive
I feel pretty good about about the run
fully weakens says love all of your
Friday the 13th videos and I finally
bought it then immediately regretted
buying it on ps4 because I spend fifty
percent of my time waiting for people
and lobbies oh sorry
also they make you get PlayStation Plus
yeah for any online play that's true
yeah I'd cancel that that's so weird as
someone who's been familiar with PC
games this whole life that's so weird
that extra fee for multiplayer yeah you
know they they got to maintain servers
is the idea right so the help they help
the developer maintain servers the PC
games it just magically they're
magically maintained there's not as much
of a player base for consoles okay okay
I'm not saying I like it I'm just that's
the the reasoning I listen I agree it PC
pcs used to get money out of your
fucking pocket and that's all it fucking
is you know if you want to look at it
that way all it fucking is that would
probably be probably be a correct way to
look at it but you know
doo-doo-doo-doo pathetic says yes
shut up late and you've probably already
talked about this but rich thank you for
letting me be a part of killing Jason
and Jack so sorry you couldn't have been
there to experience it you know I feel I
feel pained but I also know that is a
flow pathetic was the one that actually
killed Jason right yeah I saw that yeah
I saw the clip that actually died very
shortly before yeah I saw and you know
what more so I'm just sorry that Karen
had to put up with how boring that was
so much more excited watching this I
love whoever sent me that clip thank you
good they tweeted the clip at me it's
just like Karen could not care less it's
like sorry gonna get books like you're
like we're killing Jason and she's like
you have a books I loved it great clip
jack-jack go outside and kill other
players no I'm winning this game sucks I
mean I don't disagree oh how far do you
have to go oh now we gotta get Owen how
we got a move but you know what 22 alive
let's see if there's anybody out here
anybody running from the blue line
probably right
alright I'm you know
I heard gunshots oh there's someone over
here it's still winning if you're having
fun well unfortunately the two things
are not synonymous I'm having fun I like
this game they're saying and with
garbage tear equipment even have a vest
no hello here we go though somebody died
that's level 200 and shotgun you Inc now
we got some shit now we got some shit yo
we got some volume please there's
nothing happening
there's nothing have you never seen this
game before it's it's twenty minutes of
silence and a bang that's all of the
game I had I made it to 20 so I consider
this a victory already anything over 20
now that you got shit you will be sniped
uh yeah that's how the game works could
have chosen a better machine gun but I
have all the bullets for the other one
so
Matt Bush hiding strats seen if anyone
else is gonna start running away from
the blue line why are you guys torturing
yourself torturing yourself with this
game still
what's with this plural shit remember
that I like this game
hope jacket bring in his PC we could
team up some more Friday the 13th
there's something you know and I wasn't
thinking rich oh yes and but you didn't
mention anything you could have
mentioned something
motorcycle over there novices really
enjoying this day z1z rusty vom stream
was that fun huh was that fun honestly
to me it is like I know I know and I
can't like because I can't properly
explain it that's why I couldn't
recommend it to anyone but but to me
this is a lot of fun intense
cat-and-mouse action thanks jack I
misspoke you fuckers I know no one was
there to check my six that was the
problem let's bring this volume up on
the game a bit we could probably good
hold on volume coming up on the game
great and then I got to do I got to do
some more tweaking with my controls
because it's still not quite right fix
the overlay we're gonna fix the overlay
yeah there's a lot of stuff we're gonna
be doing here oh yeah what was that
ready for combat yeah but that's all
good
don't turn it out this is somebody
contradictory comments don't do it we
find something to put up in front of
them yeah yeah I will I will I won't be
on that and just one second but hold on
there's give Richard turn no I hate this
game I fucking despise this game
wait
I'm swimming
ma'am I can't change air control why
can't I change air control oh you know
what let's just reset or a default
default wretch what would you like to
play right now hey you know what I've
been down with more dead cells yeah
maybe just some brutal doom sure yeah
that's fair
well you know to be to be fair to me
because no one seems to be fair to me at
the moment
I did ask rich if he if there's anything
funny like you know I got here's like
anything you know you use what's the
plan I said well what's your plan tell
me what you tell me what you're excited
to play and he goes and I'm not really
feeling anything it's like okay you know
why yeah because if my suggestion
probably would have been Friday the 13th
sure probably would have been honestly
that's why yeah I was like play this and
I can grouse about it because honestly
that's kind of fun in its own way
right I'm reading chat anyway it doesn't
matter at all to me really right now
that not that many people care about
this but having having been playing a
little bit of both lately yeah I think I
prefer brutal doom - project brutality
oh I I kind of like the idea and project
brutality with the monster of varieties
okay you like harder versions of the
monsters can randomly spawn in oh it
really needs sprite art again that's a
little bit chaotic a little bit too many
weapons maybe maybe even too many
different enemies I don't know wow do
you think plus I I just love the feel of
the standard shotgun in grill dome sure
all right I think that's all my things
all right apply okay so that'll take
care of that then if we go back over
here and I can see more of the game just
brutal doing better than doom 2016 these
things can coexist
yeah I haven't played them back-to-back
I can tell you I like them both quite a
bit quite a bit
can I have this okay brick Yeager says
Phoenix Wright Star Wars rebellion for
game Diddy Kong Racing splatoon - these
are all the things we could be having
right now but fuck it let's sit and
watch doors fuck then you come racing
this this is a technical problem with
the n64 which I guess we just getting
new one
really oh is that what was that we can
fix that though why are you not working
this is like see-through
chap I like the doors too
Jim Morrison was great but you know damn
well that's not what we were talking
about ah
why is my line see-through that's not
the question how do I feel about Ninja
Gaiden - oh here we go
well presuming you're not talking about
the NES game I I don't I don't know that
I like it more than one what one takes
more of um if you were fewer but
stronger enemies approach I would say
and and Ninja Gaiden - just loves
throwing smaller weaker enemies how you
and and and you prefer the stronger
fewer over over the over the there
they're different and I like them both
okay it's not like I hate one or one of
them not not the first one yeah
with with one major exception means you
got them all of the Ninja Gaiden 2 boss
fights suck oh except for I'm trying to
remember that one kind of like shredder
on steroids it's like a badass ninja
with blades everywhere I forget his damn
name but he's a darn fun fight okay
every other boss fight in that is a
fucking awful battle of attrition
garbage this rich isn't reared your
faces on a wall in my kitchen yes yeah
it's pretty weird
there we go now it's covered up rich you
did it that's that's it it
hundred bucks of Jack and punch someone
to death 100 bucks if I can punch
someone or Dutch we can punch some live
it up alright I accept that challenge
you better be honest I accept your
challenge
so what do you guys watch for ages how
do you feel about the half-life
half-life expansions blue shift and
opposing force actually never played him
I'm sorry I kind of missed out a pilot
did you get oh that was fall damage I
thought you were already getting shot
know when um you missed out on half-life
yeah run that that early true 3d game
era from like from like quake up into a
quake to my computer could not handle it
oh so I missed out on half-life Oh
actually wait half-life came out after
quake 2 it just passed me by it did come
out after quake 2 I just I just at the
time I didn't end up playing it for
whatever reason oh I feel like I was
close there I feel like I was really
close I feel like I was one shot away if
I wouldn't have taken that fall damage
why did I take fall damage I feel like
if I wouldn't have taken fall damage I
would have had him I think he shot me
even but I got more punches in headshot
with a punch headshot with a punch greet
you know what greed does kill someone
said a hundred bucks if I punch someone
to death and I knew I saw that other guy
land sounds like I'm going for it this
is it this is my only this is my time
there was there was no downside to that
right to try exactly exactly well and
you know what if I wouldn't have landed
near anyone and I would have gotten some
guns and some equipment I would have
said eff it but I saw his parachute
I can do this I have punched people to
death before yeah I think I've done that
on stream - wait a minute that was not
part of the boring that was a bet you
owe us $100 now oh how about nope cuz I
ain't gonna
that's important face-punching is
important see like that you gotta aim up
a little bit
punching face punching face punching the
face
this guy he deserved it yeah okay great
we're back up you still lost him I did
not lose any bet how was Canada Canada
was great rhinelander was great I love
traveling rhinelander got a little nuts
because we were I was up there with some
family and some friends and we're
staying at this place and you know up
north Wisconsin there is not a lot to do
anyway and we're staying at this place
and it's on this little link and all of
our houses are right next to each other
and so you know like you get up we the
kids go to the lake and then you just
kind of sit there all fuckin day you
don't really do anything and so you know
we just you just start drinking really
early because you don't have a driver
anywhere you don't have to go anywhere
and so it was exhausting just drinking
all day absolutely exhausted what the
hell happened in Charleston you probably
don't want to talk about
oh is that okay never mind I know what
you're referring to now that's something
that we probably don't want to bring up
on our fun video game I know chat you
know better talk about blanket driving a
car oh wow
dark yeah come on chat come on you know
what we're here were you to take your
mind off world I thought maybe there was
some kind of like click 'add look-alike
someone who looked like the fan art
click it sure I think around Charlotte
it's somebody kind of no no um no gun
there and you can sit wait for the line
or run to the next house plane I haven't
seen this before you see that at the
start of every match no exact same model
right but it's not a different this
might have stuff in it settle down
that's what I'm saying like there's all
there's uh there's fun stuff to explore
in these maps there's some fun new areas
is there anything in here guess not
well suck it this was a bad choice
there's anything in the wing yeah this
was a bad choice but I seem to be right
near the line so I'm okay with it dude
dude
is there anything up there I cannot get
up there flames will hurt you presumably
can't imagine they put it now darn it
wait wait wait if you jump you can make
it actually inside the plane I mean I've
made it inside the one at the starting
area oh yeah no I was inside there was
no there's no loot to be had in inside
the plane itself inside the plane itself
I have no loot to be had alright see
we're closest things are a shooting
range
okay fun simulator 2017 v7x zero in
order for this to be a fun simulator it
would have to be simulating fun fine
joke that's not a joke I I enjoy this I
I cannot I cannot justify this game to
anyone there is long periods of downtime
and I'm often met with a great deal of
frustration but somehow I I feel like
playing it more somehow I just want I
want another round in saying you're
running away from the shooting range
right but the shooting range is too far
away from the from the line that I need
to get into and there's a little house
over here that's not that's on the line
that's where I'm going the shooting
range I'm sure had some good guns but
that was too far away from the line for
my tastes Jack have we seen the into
trailers no I don't care about it they
make it look like such a
paint-by-numbers horror movie oh yeah
yeah hmm the standard jump scary kind of
things oh okay
hello and Pennywise looks so much lamer
than the Tim Carrey version oh yeah yeah
five five six
and I just I I never I've never like I
think I saw it you know when it came on
that I'm at iconic double VHS set I
think I saw it once and like a it TV
miniseries oh yeah yep so yeah it never
it was never anything I cared about and
I don't care about a new one I thought
that's all I have for it it's just that
I don't care I'm not personally offended
that they're remaking it
rich does cheese get boring living in
Wisconsin like how lobster gets boring
living in Maine cheese will never get
boring
and the fact that you're bored of
lobster says more about you than your
state but then again lobster is nothing
but a buttered delivery service like
lobster on its own does not taste good
did you know you have to basically
downgrade graphics in this game to win
not joking look it up I saw that it was
a grass yeah it makes it makes you see
through more of the grass area but they
did patch that no they patch that that's
a this game that was an old thing
quick-draw Meg
tane roses tame dubrow's tae NBR oh I'm
hijacking rich hello I started watching
the stream vids through YouTube and
after the fact realized I could
subscribe to my Amazon Prime account
yeah that helps thanks for all the
content thank you
it really came bro it really does it
doesn't cost you anything extra but it
pays us and we appreciate it we hundred
percent appreciated
is there a location you prefer to jump
at to drop at uh no I you know what I
always try to change it up because part
of the fun for me is being in an unknown
area
I don't like Jack what you're not
talking like a winner no I'm not talking
like a winner I think the winners like
know their area and they know it back
and forth and they know where people
usually hide yeah and so I understand
that I'm not talking about a winner I'm
talking about what make gives me in
German like here I have never been to
this part of the map before and a lie
I'm so I'm excited to be here
what is that this is another little
house in front of me oh there's a whole
town wait where am I
frog water says hey Jack and rich hi
frog water why don't I let you know that
despite your opinions I totally want to
play this game it's like life most of
the time you die horribly but you can't
give up trying that's a game to get away
from the harsh horrible realities of
your life and you know I'm doing fine so
I could use a little harshness I'm
feeling okay
I mean you know I just need that kick in
the balls
you know and it's earlier today I was
doing really well I was shooting pee I
was killing people you know like I was
having good rounds and you know someone
got me and it was a good get they were
they waited till I exposed myself
killing someone else and then they
killed me and it felt like an earned
death motorcycle and it also felt like
all my kills were earned and I was
having just a really good round I feel
it feeling good about it feeling really
good about it
brick ager says Jack yeah if you can't
play diddy kong racing I would recommend
checking crash team racing PSX at the
time it was better than any Mario Kart
good drifting mechanics and also has a
kind of story mode huh wait I don't need
a 9-mil no I don't need no and you know
uh what was my oh you know the problem
with diddy kong racing was we couldn't
find I couldn't find the the power
adapter but I have since found it oh so
we can do it well we can do anything
wrong how about a heads up hey Jack I'm
thinking about playing something
different you got out you got to help me
help you rich alright Jack help me help
I want everything you would love Diddy
Kong I don't care I really I really
don't care that much you're the cart guy
the partners amazing guy
madam says neat little $10 game west of
loathing stick-figure western side
scroll with mix of Oregon Trail and
undertale style RPG that just sounds
like a lot of things I saw the trailer
for that and it does look adorable but
not like anything I'm interested in I
thought okay just needs two studs to
voice act their way through a play oh
you guys be backup ah I get it I get it
none of us is hey rich my mouse is dying
I remembered you were pretty happy with
a recent Mouse you used what was it and
what is the left hand controller you use
during shooting games that allows you to
move that is the the thing I'm using
right at this moment is called a frag
Chuck we get a lot of comments about
what that is and it's it's literally
it's just like a half of a controller
that's mapped to WASD I I think it's
neat I need the I think they need to
rethink some of the buttons many of the
buttons but you know it works for me
I think the trigger fingers are all it's
just it's too fat up there it's too
uncomfortable you know I'm with you I
can be with you there i I really like it
mostly because the the one of the things
that kept me away from mouse and
keyboard for so long was I found the
keyboard to be incredibly cumbersome
yeah and the mouse I like I believe it's
made by SteelSeries it's thought let me
get the number wrong I know I'm gonna
get the number wrong I'm pretty sure
it's the rival 500 yeah you've talked
about that yeah
there's like the rifle 500 and 700 and
the 800 mine mine is the one with a shit
ton of buttons for your thumb to hit
a true blue channel says hi Richard Jack
good job on your cameos in the latest
play get review oh yeah that came out
you watched it III did I say it was it
was that when I was up north and I found
some time to sneak away and watch yeah
the second half was considerably better
in the first uh here's I think overall
it is a very quality review yeah I was I
was a little worried I like it more
weakest in the more analytical yes stuff
well that's the thing and that's why I
was worried because like you know
obviously there is a ton of
quote-unquote controversy you didn't
really get into the controversies but
but that's what I was worried about I
was like I was worried that he wasn't
gonna get analytical to address the
controversy and I and he didn't he yeah
he just dissected the comedy which is as
we've talked about an incredibly hard
thing to dissect the first half mostly
sounds like it's just the bitterness
pouring out before he can before he can
start breaking it down rational I got
some things to say I got some mean
things to say if odd people yeah I got
something on my mind and then we can get
into it I also wanted to say this is the
true blue channel have you heard of
hell-blade just send you was sacrifice
it's a obviously I have it based on the
way I read that it's a game whose story
has been praised universe okay praised
universally but is light on gameplay and
you fuck off fuck right on you know what
we're gonna think about it already
cuz we don't like that I I don't mind I
don't mind story in games I really I
really don't Jack's the one who despises
any kind of cutscenes not me but I
cannot stand fucking cinematic games
that half-ass gameplay and focused 90%
of their efforts in this telling a story
make a movie
right make a movie make an animated
movie if like if you're if your
background is in animation and that's
how you made a game so you could make an
animated story make an animated make a
cartoon man
zero latency let's that's an interesting
bit of graffiti zero latency yeah
Oh we're chugging now why do why we
chugging oh my god we are chugging why
are we there we go you don't like the
final foss foss right to be a cutie no
look I love that Space Marine game but I
didn't criticize the final boss fight
for being a lousy fucking QTE mm-hmm
yeah just in case I got my nice
motorcycle here
look Mass Effect tricked you into
thinking that there was player agency
with the story mm-hmm and part of the
fun was how are all of my decisions
going to play out and that was where the
game part of it kind of came in and
there was from like the second one I
loved the second one mostly some
half-decent yet still kind of standard
shooting mechanics but a large chunk of
the game was game play whatever whatever
yeah I mean we could we go through this
so many times here we go this is
nonsense
hi guys did any of you guys catch the
sci-fi channel do miniseries thanks for
all the content content must flow all
the content I heard I'm not like fucking
15 years ago
no they're just new I thought I think
unless they're talking about the old one
oh god I believe they made a new new one
I I have not had cable TV in ages
I don't remember the last time I have
seen the sci-fi channel the last time I
saw the last time I actually watched
something on the sci-fi channel it was
still called the sci-fi channel and not
Syfy with the the s yfy shit yeah yeah
so that's how out of the loop I am there
captain Muller said Jack yeah I'm
probably more rich I sent you ate my
Cafone set up for Friday the 13th that
gives you a push to talk on the Xbox one
controller if you had a chance to try it
yet I saw it I didn't open it I assumed
it was something that maybe Jack had
ordered I wasn't expecting something
like that yeah we have it I didn't I
didn't want to I didn't want to open why
I apparently mistakenly assumed with
someone else's mail right hey I like
brief briefly opened in the Xbox stuff
here maybe Jack ordered something sure
turn turn turn turn
Oh for a second for a glorious second
you think I can write note we can't
write it in it gosh darn it question is
is that push-to-talk going to work on
the PC yeah well yeah because I think
what it does is it just mutes so we just
turn always talked on yeah and then
there's a thing on the controller to
mute our microphone or not all right all
right that's what that's what I do with
my little gaming headset it has a little
mute thing on the cord with my my Star
Wars headset as long as the game knows
to use the mic hooked up to the
controller rather than you know one of
these yeah yeah what did I have to do
you have to you have to set it up to be
oh well actually maybe that might not
work cuz if it off fuck a big dangerous
area over there any nice sites nice site
would be nice
none of us says that's for the mouse
info and keep up the great work you
helped my week's get off to him
great start are you yeah we ain't you
anonymous
I like when week's get good starts it
works I use it all the time
automatically detects it no setup needed
the the question would be automatically
detects it yes but remember we also have
these microphones that are hooked up to
the computer that's the thing I would
worry about is is it getting its wires
crossed because we already have these
ranks right this is another area I just
have not been in before
oh you only do burst true-blue channel
says ask for Diddy Kong Racing I am home
for you streaming it not only does it go
for being a blend of adventure and
racing games but it blew my young mind
that you could race by cart plane or
hovercraft
I remember having fun with it and I I'm
I'm not that big in the Mario Kart right
so ricketts 47 says rich who do you
think would win in a fight you were Mike
I think Mike would win but only because
he'd fight dirty
well that doesn't speak very highly to
Mike I don't know who the fuck would win
in a fight between us I don't care
because it's not going to happen but I
think you're incorrectly assuming that I
would not fight dirty and say if he has
heard rich talk about anything rich
always finds the sneaky way out of
anything you guys you guys throw at him
right thank you
I'm a patient man and if I'm pushed to
the point where I'm in a fight I'm
probably at the point where I want to
tear somebody's fucking head off right
oh god this happened what's up was that
the first story I forgot to tell when I
I went down with Karen to see her uh her
parents and what now when I was down
there for a few days and I went to this
pizza place I like down there and wasn't
that later than I was like 11 o'clock or
something we went we went after we
caught on my two league baseball game
okay and a man at this pizza place
actually wanted to get into a fistfight
with me over a shaker of Parmesan cheese
okay all right this this is what this
pizza place
Nonna's Pizza has they don't have they
don't have Parmesan cheese in every damn
table they got a counter with napkins
and you know the fountain drinks yeah
and they got their their hot pepper and
the Parmesan cheese the girl
all on that one table III buy my slice
of pizza I go to put Parmesan cheese on
it
there's no Parmesan cheese on the
counter
somebody has walked away with it and put
it on their table rudely rudely his left
ear of cheese that the whole restaurant
shares some asshole walked away with it
put it on a sable so I looked around
look at the table I'm mightily mildly
annoyed yeah and I I see the guy he's
got the Parmesan cheese in his table I
don't say anything I just reach over and
I grab the cheese and I put it on my
pizza and put it down he wanted to get
into a fight because I took the Parmesan
cheese off his table he wanted to get
into an actual fucking fistfight and
like what did he did what did he say
like I'm using that this is rude
he said that was rude taking the only
Parmesan cheese in the pizza place and
putting it on his table am i grabbing
that without saying anything was rude
that yeah he actually wanted to get into
a fight over this and how did you defuse
the situation
I didn't so you kicked his ass I know I
just minded my own fucking business
while he was trying to get in my face
one thing for sure and she said we can
both be rude and I went on my business
and I was getting at getting it to go
anyway so I just left well sometimes
that's the best well he got off out of
his chair and was following me around
shut up
well I'm just kind of trying to ignore
him but yeah that's crazy rich I mean
that cheese meant something to him right
I can tell you though if he threw the
first punch I would have fought dirty oh
of course
you you don't get into a fight to be
like unless you are in a boxing match
and if you're a professional fighter you
don't get into a fight to lose I would
be pulling a shirt over his head and
kneeing him in the fucking nose in the
groin you go no wrong I would be shirt
over the head neum in the face
repeatedly that work too
it's gotta be someone behind me
but you know I had that I had to factor
and this is a crazy man who wants to
fight over a thing I didn't I didn't go
out of my way to provoke him further I
just didn't engage yeah cuz someone that
crazy he might pull a knife oh I pull a
knife if he's willing to get into a
fistfight over Parmesan cheese he might
also be willing to stab somebody over
Parmesan cheese
absolutely there's got to be someone in
that house gotta be someone in that
house
right
oh yeah there is
there's a car oh there's a car outside
you know what I don't appreciate that
comment 30 minutes timeout that's fair
just because fuck you all right you do
you rich you do you man shit
no not Ned boy come on I thought he'd be
crouching I thought he'd be crouching
and I ended up shooting him in the knees
don't you I I thought he was gonna be
crouching and see now he's crouching so
I thought I'd shoot him right right in
the in his center mass and he was not
crouching oh well I made it tonight
feel pretty happy about that pretty
happy with ninth top ten they're our top
ten ain't bad jack is pain fully bad at
this game
sorry also I'm not sorry I'm having fun
that's what I think of you fuck you
that's what I think of you Gil Bok Lee
said think that's how that's pronounced
get back je h lb ACH yeah says hey it's
me again last time Jack said we as an
audience don't see the crap you all
watch before going on the panel on best
of the worst I went to school for film
and let me tell you I love bad movies
okay well yeah I know the comment was
about you know people keep saying like
they want the unedited version of best
of the worst and the comment is just
like it's just so boring a lot of us a
lot of a lot of it is just us watching
bad movies right we're not we're not
joking non-stop necessarily sometimes
sometimes sure something that's usually
a gem
diamond in the rough but we're that
engaged right so it's just one of those
things where it has nothing to do with
you know like the movies being so bad I
mean obviously
Texas Panhandle handler says bet five
bucks Jack wouldn't make top 25 way to
go Jack hey I made up now I was not I
was nine rich I made it to nine and I
almost killed someone I shot at someone
and I saw a poof of blood before they
shot me so you know pretty good right
there was probably there's probably a
better way to play that situation I saw
him go into his little room and I
thought I could sneak up on him but I
really should have just waited for him
to poke his head out the door oh you
know what I bet I had a grenade oh I was
dumb
yeah I was dumb
I was dumb that was my problem
pick up some speed then
Cub 907 says here's some money to soothe
the Parmesan cheese shape hole in your
heart rich
love you guys well that's very kind of
you
you know I guess some people just want
to fight some people just want to fight
rich and there ain't nothing you can do
about it except for walk away absolutely
nothing right that's what I'm saying
just they just want to fight and then he
found he finally found it his excuse to
fight he's like it's gonna be about
cheese but I'm gonna fight a
motherfucker right throw a punch I'm
gonna throw a punch and I'm gonna fight
a motherfucker cuz the you know I cheese
really true blue channel says lastly
what are your thoughts and mechanical
keyboards also I only know about steel
series because they made mice with a
miniature display on their underside
dedicated yeah oh they made mice with a
miniature display on their underside
dedicated to displaying their logo huh
that's funny
and he thought some mechanical keyboards
none I have none yeah not really you
know as long ear that they feel really
great to type on and it's very
satisfying to do the clicking in the
clacking but I honestly you know I don't
know I don't care what's what's what's
the other kind is like the stupid flat
keys don't go down and they feel like
crap depress like that versus a
mechanical one no mechanical something
what is mechanical what's the difference
it has something to do with it has
something to do with how the switch is
activated okay
I know I hate those little flat key Mac
keyboards some of them feel really that
I hate and I need that you feel the key
go down yeah you need that tactile that
tactile yeah I don't I don't have
anything too fancy I just use like a
like a cheap number pad right is what I
game on I don't I don't use WASD because
use WASD and you got like 2/3 of a
keyboard that's just kind of in your way
yeah I finally I find the actual layout
somewhat awkward personally
so I tend to bind everything to a
separate number pad self contains got
everything I need right there and I like
a mouse it's got a lot of programmable
buttons anything supplemental I need
more keys it's on there it's on that
Mouse I think most people have jumping
sprinting all that kind of shit I want
on the mouse I think that's pretty
that's pretty standard just to have
nicer mice right like mice with more
than two buttons and a scroll wheel yep
that's pretty standard nowadays and
especially for anyone who games I like
rivals got like 13 or something but oh
yeah I can't do it with to money you
know mine mine just has a few mine's
mine just has a few but I'll take it
possible door open
there's a possible door-open situation
they're also possible that it's just you
know off the hinges
not a missus hey guys just bought Friday
the 13th and having a lot of fun when I
can actually find a match huh what is
each of you all's favorite counselor and
Jason to play us I'm partial to AJ and
part six Jason myself
Deborah she's she's quiet and she has
really good repair stats
good repair stats are key I'm shit at
that mini game
yeah and it's she's good if I'm playing
like on my own her or AJ but I I give
the edge to Deborah just because she's
like got a 10 on repair is she the nerdy
girl yeah blow the glasses yeah yeah
she's great love me some well she's got
decent stealth stats too right yeah yeah
yeah so it's not just repair
the other characters have their uses if
you're playing with a coordinated group
like Chad who if you're playing on your
own
seems fucking useless yeah he gets
scared easy like really fucking easy and
it's repair stat Sark but he's actually
really good at stunning Jason and his
luck staff means the baseball bat
doesn't break that easily ah so think of
me he can be a good like guard for
people who are trying to do other things
like someone's trying to make the phone
call
then I've called cops in Chad can a
couple of Chad's could keep Jason
stunned at the phone box so he doesn't
destroy it sure these these other
characters do have their uses I'm
playing on my own it's Deborah yes chad
is the preppy guy Bugsy's good at like
getting the mask off for that 10
strength oh yeah tiffany is good at just
getting around her and Vanessa they have
the uses
ricketts 47 says guys what a fan
approaches you in public how do you hide
your disgust I've not had to hide
disgust no never I have I I generally
like it and I generally enjoy when I get
to meet someone usually usually they're
pretty nice they just want to say hey
thanks yeah the thing yeah
Shawn says say what you will but this
game is very realistic huh
dropped into a war zone I think I would
be staring at doors cowering one looking
at gun foot hoping everyone else being
the right like I'm just gonna hide over
here you guys finish fighting this is
very true yeah that's also why I don't
want a game of it
oh right right I think like that's true
and that's why some people don't like it
is because they you know they want to be
the big strong man who who destroys all
the demons nowhere
probably made a bad call with my weapon
choices but but the shotgun hasn't been
doing me a terrible amount of good
lately right
and so I'm switching up my short-range
to the to the user to zur see if that
does us any better
Luzi is not a good open field gun no
it's not but neither is a shotgun to be
fair and so I had to make a decision
well you know what I wanted to keep and
so I kept with level three vests - Yoink
so I kept the EZ and and a UH and a nice
rifle I just don't have any bullets for
the rifle that's a problem at the moment
these bullets for the rifle so if I can
find some bullets for the rifle I think
we got the makings here I think we got
the makings for bacons you know I'm
saying makings for Bacon's energy drink
also learn the importance of energy
drinks and granades
yes frag take you thank you anonymous oh
hey guys how's it going this night for
the first time polish regular soldiers
fired on our own territory we have now
been returning the fire since 5:45 a.m.
henceforth bomb will be met with bomb
all right okay was there something you
wanted us to do about this just let
nothing fun time letting us know that's
cool
that thanks thanks thanks for letting us
know house over here and they might have
something I need bullets rich he made
you quote Hitler oh great oh what a
dickhead
what a dick dick heads 5.56 that's what
I need 5.56 rich people are dick heads
what are you gonna do ban that for oh
he's anonymous oh no he's none oh yeah
yeah they think they're anonymous
because they type in their name but uh
in order to tip us they still need an
email address okay and so if I if I just
look in my email because I get an email
every time we get a tip so I can just
find out exactly oh I can find out
whatever email address they used for
that usually they have a name attached
to so
muzzle suppressor and you wink something
I don't mind quoting anonymous says
wizard needs food badly gauntlet Oh
gauntlet this takes me to takes me so
very possibly populated area cramp evil
Lord David says hey guys David here
David on the subject of crazy cheese Ben
I'm at a man on the bus today who wanted
to fight the slash kill me when he tried
to pry my phone out of my hands to use
Google and I grabbed it back lots of
crazy people in this world there there
is David I'm sorry I'm sorry that a
crazy man tried to steal your phone
crazy people be crazy yo
crazy people be crazy though
just findin you guys yep both of us
still playing this both Ezra giving it a
meh not for me review stop using the
plural what both of us both look I'm not
I'm not playing jack shit it's me and if
you remember in my review I said I
really enjoyed it I just don't think I
could recommend it for anyone else
because there there's many things I find
aggravating and I can't quite explain
why I enjoy it so much but the fact is I
really have it this like this whole
thing like you know I'm going to this
building and I'm sneaking up and I'm
feeling I'm feeling anxious and it's
tense and my I'm probably gonna die soon
but I fucking love it I love it and I
can't explain why there's probably
people over in that house there's gotta
be someone in there but there doesn't
that's the thing about this game there
doesn't have to be anyone anywhere
I don't know why I don't know why I like
it so much but I do it's different you
know it's different than other games
I've played I think that has something
to do with it yeah that's what I would
do I would hide in that corner right
there that's why I did that that's why I
checked out that corner first cuz that's
what I would do I would hide in a
fucking corner and cower like a coward
coward like a coward
yep you heard me correct pants don't
need pants not a great building to be in
a lot of points of entry have you ever
played with four people have I ever
played with four people no no can you
play with random people yeah or you
could you can just say like yeah let me
you know just match me with people do
you want to see how that goes we might
get something different um we'll need to
adjust our push-to-talk but yeah sure
sure sure we could do that I think I'm
friends with people in the chat if they
want to hey they would love that here we
can do that that might make this
interesting to watch oh there's a guy
out there there's a guy out there rich
ready to go shit
chuckles shoot did you see what happened
when I was when I was with my friend
imagine what I'll do to you oh man
there's a guy out there rich
see now the real shit's happening is
there is a dude out there I saw a guy
and he must not have a good long-range
weapon either because he didn't shoot at
me and I didn't shoot at him because I
don't have a good long range weapon and
people could be coming from behind me
don't you have a m16 on your back no
bullets ah no ticket and so we're this
is the cat and mouse there's a guy out
there is he running away is he waiting
for me to run out oh he's probably in
that Bush that's what I'd be doing I'd
be waiting in one of those bushes right
there
why don't you what are you why don't you
get up high get up high like in that
catwalk yeah and wait for him to come in
yeah cuz I don't think he's coming in
you got a better plan right out of that
open field that sounds great yep I don't
think he'll be expecting this I think
he's checking for the he's checking the
doors right that's what I'd be doing I'd
be checking the doors waiting for him to
get out comic timing let me down yeah oh
yeah if timing had anything to do with
it I would be dead as soon as I went
around the corner right right he might
not even he might not even be here rich
he could be he just he might he just ran
away
my teepees ran away pretend he's your
teammate you know I accent it was an
accident that I shot at you it was great
fun it was great it was a great fun but
I gotta go with the jokes are I agree
and I got a move soon and I don't have a
lot of cover coming up
it's probably behind that rock you had
that rock you know what let's just Rambo
it just Rambo it
bushes behind the rack now alright well
fuck see he ran away all that time all
that time he just ran away riveting
that's what it's about though it's about
finding those little moments and make
sure he's not hiding behind one of these
damn trees how hard it says hey guys
Jack you produce Internet content read
comics and books watch movies and TV
yeah play board games and stream and
video games all while being a dad do you
sleep
no not often how does your brain
function sometimes not well it's it's a
it's a balancing act I think he died
rich I think that guy died somehow how I
have no idea but now I have a bet I got
a box here maybe he got sniped it
possible he could have gotten why I'm
here gunshot man you could have gotten
sniped and that guy who sniped him might
have run out of the the blue zone
yeah you could have gotten lucky you
could have gotten real lucky I got a
decent weapon not to I got bullets for
my big gun and a two times to take his
scope I did I did is his to time scope I
took it and I feel really good about
taking it because now no I can play the
distance game if I can or it's fucking
bait if it was bait he'd be dead by now
so I'm assuming that this if that other
guy got sniped probably did the sniper
ran away wait no I think it's just a
bird or a bug
maybe up there go for the shade
she can't see me in the shade
helmut means he's dead in one hits I
know I don't have oh that guy might have
had a helmet yeah yeah that's the you
know I have no help I have good armor
but no helmet I've died in one hit with
a helmet yeah no I have good armor
though I have a really good armor so if
they're like me and only do body shots I
might last a little bit
all right here we go
how much does having good arm we're
really hell I know I don't I don't know
that it does
I want to believe it does rich I want to
believe
in case there's a guy buying this rock I
thought that's my thought for anyone
who's like why did he just switch to a
zeusie because if there was a guy behind
that rock I could of ooze Edam riveting
ribbon I would to be fair I would have
loved to know where that guy was from
and that was my big complaint like
that's why it's so frustrating it's like
where did he shoot me from was he hiding
behind something like from a tactical
standpoint from a strategic standpoint
was he waiting for me like he knew I was
gonna come down or did he just happen
upon me I would have loved to know that
no mixing 120 says hey rich thanks for
that Friday the 13th game again it was
an honor being the sacrifice also he was
the one that was playing us Jason hmm
although Jack don't forget the eggs my
question is I have eggs when will we get
some more from software love thanks guys
oh yeah then when they make something
new I guess oh you know spin you from
software while I was up north I was
chatting with with a a family friend
yeah about my age and also he he's also
in video production and so you know we
have a lot to chat about usually a good
guy I don't get to seem terribly often
but you know we were at war up north
where we chat a lot and we're talking
about movies and we're talking about
favorite movies and he drops on me a
title that sounds really familiar
it's called Brotherhood of the wolf yeah
now that does that name ring rattle any
bells for you it might because right
after we became obsessed with
blood-borne we got inundated with people
who said you need to see Brotherhood of
the wolf Oh movie that's very
blood-borne II it looks very blood-borne
II and it's like action horror with like
kung fu and it's a French film and
you know he's talking about this movie
which was like from 2000 2001 and he's
like he's like I it seems like a movie
that I shouldn't shouldn't be my my
favorite movie but it's just so weird
and I loved it and I had never seen
anything like it so you know like I just
yeah so chat after after you have
suggested it I I finally have bought it
I had to buy the Korean blu-ray oh my
god
the Korean blu-ray is the best quality
version you can get of it
no English overdubs but subtitles I
usually prefer overdubs but word on the
street is that the overdubs turn it into
a comedy like they do a bad job so what
movie are we talking about what's it
calling in Brotherhood of the wall it's
called Brotherhood of the wolf it's a
French made horror kung fu action movie
and and the people in a dress a lot like
the people in blood ball I was it made
2000 2001
somewhere around there 2000 2001
I got a crate I'm gonna open my crate
oh I got some blue combat pants there's
an audience participation time uh sure
no one's playing no one's playing are
you Anna or are we in offline mode
we're probably an offline mode we
probably need to go to steam click on
your icon tell it to go online it be my
guess I should be we're gonna run double
check ok let's double check so many
people want to play with you I'm streams
I'm online alright if you're if you're
Jack's friend and you have this game
this is the time people are saying they
sent you will request it's so many
people fucking send me requests people
so many fucking people right right now
on Steam I have a hundred and six record
friend requests yeah that I can't accept
because I'm over the limit
hold on I when I'm over the limit I
actually do delete pending requests you
know for situations like this if you
want to add some to play a game and I
make room I won't know who the fuck is
who right that's the problem that's
exactly the problem yeah let's see who's
on I'm looking at all my requests right
now and I'm gonna see who's online and
in upgrade your steam account dude the
only way to do that is by playing the
stupid car game and I got sick of that
shit I got sick of that stupid shit
right I don't even care about that shit
good level of Steam account
Alcott's the dumbest thing it's the
dumbest thing is that
oh I got a sure okay we're in it we're
in with someone now okay all right cool
oh no they're gone bye
hola yeah I see all of these people
requesting me now whoo-hoo day I want to
push to talk something we need to figure
out I could just be quiet and you could
just play with them and have talked on
it might make sense for communication
just be easier
and push-to-talk here this oh shit no
that's not what I wanted I want this
right control oh I gotta fix something
toggle
let's hold on I'll get their shit free
look that's what it's called right free
look
freely right on okay great
okay push-to-talk is enabled um can you
just like start a game with me is that
another thing you can do cuz that would
be great
that would be that would be so much
better hold on let's let's see my friend
repressed okay who's this guy
oh they're playing battlegrounds okay
great you're my friend somebody with a y
name that sent you a request can you
sort this by when they sent the request
apparently not I thought it was oh wow
if you ignore them they can resend right
well you just ignore fine 23 oh wait
here is what you see what's no no let's
see who else we got here what are you
playing okay this is your plan okay hold
on and accept you great and sure yeah I
accept you okay I accepted three PS so
you know these people watching the
stream right now well they they sent me
a friend request that at some point
right you 123 they could have sent it to
you eight months ago and then lost
complete interest in previously recorded
that's very very possible okay
alright now let's refresh this list now
doctor smile yeah I agree
doctor I know doctor smoke trees captain
Muller says ha what is that their steam
name harlech har la ck okay I mean back
to smoke trees are in a group boom who
else wants to join come on in
me and dr. smoke trees I are gonna
aren't a bad team well let's see if this
works
hey dr. smoke trees can you hear me
swagalicious pipes I I think Gouda boy
oh here we go here we go
pipes invite boom and la what ha what
invite boom let's go for zis can we do
for zis is that a thing we can do
presumably I don't know how it works
squad the saying you can't talk in the
lobby why the fuck not why not that's
the dumbest thing right okay we got
pipes who we got here we got pipes and
we got a look doctor smoke trees and
pipes that's fun that's fun they go
together alright hold on we got to go
back we got it we got to invite some
more people
we're gonna go for zis how big a group
can you go before I think okay right oh
I here we go Chris VW boom accept great
alright and who else we got who else we
got nope do you not plan your plan epi
except great Captain Muller saying send
again clicking on game set invite
requests away what I have oh this must
be Captain Muller there we go we got a
four Z's how big a group can we have
chat what is the maximum group I am
presuming you're zooming for Z we're
zooming for Z's how about five Z's for
cats ank for okay we got hey then you
know who we got here we got dr. smoke
trees we got pipes and we got huh what
let's roll let's roll motherfucker how
do you had a lady avatar you have to
choose that at the beginning you have to
choose that at the begin time it's not
like I something comes in a crate right
alright let's go I clicked I clicked
let's go so we'll rock and and or roll
how come you're not playing as a lady
usuals well I might you know usually
sometimes I'll try to make a me avatar
so I just tried to make it my like you
figure I could always change it later
but you have to actually pay in-game
currency to change your avatar oh that
seems really sleazy yeah yeah it does
all right everyone I clicked ready lady
in a crate and you can change it for
3,000 in-game points
that's a Fermata points it's a fair
amount of point then I keep on spending
my points on useless crates and they
suck hey everybody let's go let's rock
let's rock and roll
what are we doing here huh can I invite
you to can we have 5 zs except you can't
buy in-game currency which is fine
when you campaign to change the avatar
oh yeah you just gotta earn a half hey
everybody let's go it's still stupid
yeah either way hey that's where I can
roll everyone oh wait we can't talk in
in in yeah well come on yeah let's go
everybody's got a hit play Thank You
swagalicious pipes
everybody's got a hit play in the
top-left corner we got a play we're in
the squad now we're 4 Z's here we go
Matt boom here we go four Z's hey um
Rana I'm coming I'm coming up I want the
world to know Craig nation says rich
great job and too loud thank you thank
you very much did you watch that show
supercritical Hyneman that's a fine
little show that's too loud Jack thanks
again for checking out that episode of
my web series and giving it a mildly
positive review I was bracing for the
worst keep up a good work guys thank you
very much
oh can you get can you guys hear me can
everybody hear me
hey hey how's it going can you hear me I
don't think they can hear me
they can hear me as I push to talk
button hold on is it using the right
Mike oh okay hello hello who are you
pipes can you hear me new boot listen
people we got to talk if you're playing
with me we got to talk
someone's I don't know someone in the
chat saying I hear you jack oh well
you've got to talk you need a microphone
too we're a squad you motherfuckers
I don't know that they're necessarily
one of the people you invited there Jack
I don't know I don't know for sure we're
in a squad did I mute everyone Oh is
everybody muted
everybody might be muted happening
that's what happened oh I hear you now
sorry everybody we muted everyone all
right you got it where you going where
you leaving the plane from okay let's
leaping let's jump jump in 3 2 1 go
I don't I don't see any blips their
bluff you see him okay there okay
we're ahead towards those houses see
those how the two houses that look
identical I don't know I don't know if
this helped oh shit
we're doing great so far guys we're
doing great put an icon on the I'm just
gonna fall over Jackie's and thigh with
honor next to him I guess I do not want
to see Jack fail that's not sure I just
want to see fun happen right that's all
I want to see
winning could be extraordinarily fun
could be okay that's our teammate don't
shoot your teammate I understand that
now hello all right I'll try not to
shoot you
there's no guarantee though fine you can
just revive me I put you in a muzzle
flash hider hey what pipes is wait pipes
is removing everybody I'm just trying to
find the gun
all right where we gonna die in Sophie
let's um let's make our way here I have
put a marker on the map right right
who's got my six I got a flashbang there
we go then you got my six am i heading
am i heading towards the marker on the
map now I am alright you guys need to
surround Jack like a fucking clock
he needs a 6 3 9 and news is Jack Berger
Joyce you're doing great I have a
machine gun I have an ache a shit was
that one of you guys you cunts yet this
big house upstairs has a shotgun Zanussi
I'm ready to shoot some Barbies guys
varmints okay kick backpack and shotgun
love them we got a shotgun in here do
you need a second weapon yeah at a close
range
I do Jack just picked up the the shotgun
yeah I'm always on your yell for start
no I pushed it that gun okay cuz I don't
know if they're listening also listening
to the stream right right I got an 8k
guys that's all I got I have a crossbow
in here if you want a crossbow you want
me to donate us up into you I've got two
backpacks over in this house
all right what's the plan what's the
plan what's the plan upstairs no stairs
I got your six okay
yes oh that's all I've ever wanted is
for someone to have my six properly not
saying rich didn't but you know all
right let's meet up with everyone let's
let's get all together in the big in the
house over here Jack needs the clock
king to cover him
we're all together now what's the plan
oh yeah we're still we're still heading
to the place I want to go all right
how's everyone four provisions
there's some m16 here an assault rifles
if anyone once
backpack of a1 there will be the bombs
though careful with the bomb stop your
loading over there look at that
that's a teammate that's a teammate
that's a teammate don't shoot him
alright let's wait for the bombs to
subside and then we will go go towards
the marker again
too afraid to say anything because Jack
is the facto captain I am de facto
captain also yeah if anyone if anyone
wants to take over as captain I'll just
follow lying to me is not gonna help all
right let's rock and roll to the marker
where's the marker that way doesn't show
up on your mini-map yeah oh yeah it
shows up on the compass yeah it's that
town I think that's where I want to go I
think we'll see dun dun dun dun dun dun
dun dun dun dun dun
nice little dancin don't don't don't
don't don't uh you just need a van need
to find a black man can't we can't we
find a black van I don't think they have
black fans I'll be honest with you this
rich Drive is well in this as a dozen
Friday the 13th I would have much
driving experience with this alright
let's take it easy everyone lots of
bushes to hide in over here
which is mad Bush strats they're gonna
see the rest of your team
what no look they're all in bushes -
they're all ahead of you huh they're all
way ahead of you well we're six that's
why rich look you're on their six I'm
after six I'm watching I'm watching our
six our coming forward
well now I'm watching no need to
constantly watch sixes you know just
this your six is something you need to
be aware of
I sure I hear shots to the West West is
that way it's that way when you get into
a house with your teammates I'm going oh
my god oh my god oh my god it's anyone
being shot at or those just gunshots I
think they're just gunshots they're like
to the west
so uh what's the plan now we get first
place but not by not doing anything
until the end of you see you know what's
going on you get it
anyone need a police vest level one
I'm Gucci put my movie here
what about 7.62 ammo that's for your
who's your your aka oh yeah I need that
where are you oh my god that you're an
order they left they left me
I had voice anyone's got a like scary
story or something just can't be here
it's one time Jeep Jeep and a Volkswagen
or something the beetle cart they
stopped there in the houses right to the
south of us
I hear you're moving I see the movie
yeah and that small house together with
one exit you know this is not
technically an advantageous situation no
this is not good
who's honking someone's honking
it's the jeep guy they're shooting each
other why are why we want to kill them
or just thank you forever
well theoretically we want to kill them
where are they to the South they can be
seen through the through the window Oh
to the right a bit I think I saw someone
rockbot walked by that field by those
houses further down ain't gonna shoot
because I don't want it back
all right I'll take point hey we're
going let's go the car is coming it
coming there he's there he's coming
towards a check right towards us where
is it behind you directly behind you
we we did it no one's dead I guess who
is shooting still here oh they're coming
back they're coming around there geez
got him nice right there um I got to I
got flankin I'm flanking rich oh I'm
flanking follow them follow my natural
state is hiding in a bush I got two of
them which ones you wait who's talking
I'm behind you behind you oh there's a
box from a dead guy blue team I guess
right behind you
thank you
everything's going everything's going
fine everything's going great I don't
know what you guys are so worried about
everything's going great so far smoke
grenade nice no no all right I loaded
the best I could
all right this is the best escort
mission we COO in the chat the chat is
calling this an escort mission so thank
you for escorting me we're doing great
thank you
wait huh what what are you doing where
are you going we're right inside the
steak sauce that's that's perfect that
was a lot of fuckin bullets yep was that
you or them out them great all right
let's move maybe to a different house
cuz we're all stuck in this tiny house
okay okay okay okay guard to the west
steal the same Jeep I guess oh sorry
about that I should wait to read temp
sir should I just go through with it I
mean you know stop if something exciting
happens
half-hearted says hi what you thought
some dragon's lair I was curious because
your strong opinions on button prompts
it might not be the same thing but it's
close at the time it was neat to play a
cartoon yeah at the time it was a
novelty that got old very quick yeah I
mean basically essentially dragon's lair
was press X to not die yeah but you know
before anyone knew that that was a thing
I don't remember that fondly
that's neat curiosity it's an oddity
yeah I don't think of it as being a
great game of my childhood though no I
remember being really annoyed as soon as
I figured out what it was just going
like at the arcade and just you know
like okay never mind
pretty good map wise from right on the
edge
all right see here let's make a game
plan meaning you need to know what the
circle does before you could really have
a game plan right like the circle might
be all the way on the other end of the
damn map that Jeep is gone
securing car might be need but hard to
do at this point in the game oh did you
do that no I'm scared
you know anybody gots like God like
healing supplies yeah I got zero dude
and there's some bandages oh thanks
thanks jack
thanks doctor smoke trees we got out oh
we got to move really close though it's
pretty good okay all right I like what
med kit first aid kit all right are we
moving up let's move there's a red dot
sight here if anyone wants it yes I know
I don't know anything all right I'm
gonna hold off this tip movement could
be exciting this does anything that
happened a second
right
alright boys name like the mechanic
older guys yeah if they shoot for anyone
they're gonna shoot for pipes so just
try to keep a lookout for muzzle flashes
I think were Warner World War two I
forgot which he killed like dozens of
Germans single-handedly because as they
were running towards him uh-huh
he was shooting the one in the back
first so they they weren't seeing the
people like in front of them fall down
so they didn't start shooting at him ah
smart yeah we're gonna save some here we
can just hide forever there's a
motorcycle do you write directly to the
south
be careful there might be guys there
yeah there's probably guys on the other
side of that hill yeah boys right right
in photos the other guy could never
speaks
I guess Captain Muller in the chat so
he's having mic issues I'm going for the
flank always with you flick always with
your flanking dr. Frankenstein I think
great have the high ground that makes
you one Jack it on the blank and charge
them we have to see them first-rate to
know where they are
where are they oh shit I got shot boys
who's got a beat on them there's a guy
all right I'm gonna hop on the motorbike
and distract them I got him I got him I
move towards me dude I have medical
attention
all right cover me guys cover and drop
your medkit unless they don't need one I
don't you need a med kit these guys does
though
oh guy who just got down okay so back to
the plan I'm gonna hop on this
motorcycle and ride around like a madman
and try to draw them out and then you
guys shoot anyone I draw out okay
there's a there's a truck to the south
I got talked to my squad all right the
truck headed west
let's just go cross the line see if we
can find anyone okay we're coming back
killed don't worry the motorcycles right
down there I think we're fine here we
just need to move a little forward to
watch the I mean you're right you have
the safe plan I have the awesome action
plan it's all about the chicken dinner
right yeah at the end I still have not
gotten a chicken dinner
alright boys do any three alive that's
pretty good yeah we're doing we're doing
good I'm just gonna quickly check our
six see if anyone's about to run out of
the blue zone into our area
let's should we start moving in come on
Jack I'm coming I'm gonna get on that
motorcycle
there's a jeep to the southwest it's
also probably being sniped at it's paid
of course say that over mic I assume
they know Smurfs are balls get it pretty
small this point yeah alright let's
let's hop over and see if we can gang up
on that barn over there to what end
Oh we got to move the circles closing
we're just going on this side of the
white circle here let's hang out over
here by this tree we're streaming this
we got to have a little excitement
didn't say that when you're staring at
the door now we got teammates
all right game child you cases hijack
and rich Evans aka fake Plunkett first
tip from my new place as I move back to
my home state of New Jersey thought it
was funny planket is from it camden
because knowing camden it explains a lot
LOL thank you Oh guys we just hop on the
Jeep and let's write it like out of here
yeah where is it like my plank follow me
right in front of me take the Jeep and
run
careful there might be guys at you all
right get on him getting got wheels what
them they shot the tires out
yeah I'll still do these though
all right welcome to die I think yay
there's no tires it's good
all right let's get down we're in the
zone now
think they're shooting from behind I'm
hit someone's shooting me the Cylons
rifle no but they're coming
I think we're surrounded dad dad look
she drove off the hill then they would
have just shot us in the Jeep that was
some pants I guess
wait I think pipe types to sell live oil
no God I have the keyboard yeah
oh I've never spectated before so I
don't know oh you know I can just check
sickly right in front of me I'm scared
all right let's see here expect a so one
two three four yeah it did really close
to you
Thank You page up somebody's saying oh
yeah oh yeah page oh that's good
there we go all right thank you
this time it's lupus is take this
donation Ruth read Oh take this donation
to the by Jack some escorts so we can
not die in pub G huh and also I spent
the day ignoring the real world and
watching Carl and videos thanks for the
distraction thank you thank you very
much always helpful glad to help
crocodile brain says I'm sure there are
already people cutting up highlight
reels jack closing doors this teammates
this is the best stream is so time keep
up the good work my madam says rich who
would win in a strategy battle to defeat
one another Jack Packard or Neal Breen
they both have way too much time to plan
Neil Breen is the best at everything
without pipes we would be nothing he's
making it happen though I don't I don't
know that Neil Breen is the best of trap
strats I don't have the mantrap think I
can safely say that that's true but oh
well no no cuz he remember he trapped
the guy with by his car with the sonic
device and killed him remember that
pipes oh my god it's like 1vs5 it's
probably you two guys on a team afore
help there we go eels Batman nice job
everyone
third place yeah that's that guy in the
team afford three Nuggets well and you
guys had me as a handicap so you know
really it's almost like you got in first
it was all good I it's super fun we're
gonna in fact it's so much fun we're
gonna do it again alright alright we're
gonna do it again
slim shazbot says yeah you guys heard of
hollow night it's an amazing
Metroidvania style game that i think
you'd really enjoy I've been hooked on
it all week and it's my favorite game of
the year so far I would too busy playing
dead cells so that cells of doom
I bought hallow night off of off of a oh
alright we need one of you guys to drop
out to get more in or maybe two of you
to make sure we can get two more people
in
well they're looking at you jack look at
you alright I'll drop out
well muhfucka is not coming in so we'll
get how.what back much what difficulty
do you play brutal doom on ultraviolence
brood oh yeah I know I know brutal doom
put in like a thousand more difficult
options in I stick the ultraviolence
there we go all right now we got a squad
rich yep now we're ready to go
game chal you cases thoughts on Friday
the 13th removing team killing I think
it's a mistake removes one layer of tin
sure in a horror game other counselors
aren't really teammates it's a
competition to get out unless Jason is a
noob I don't entirely agree with your
it's a competition to get out unless
Jason's a noob I think a good team can
get out even if Jason is good at what
he's doing yeah but I do think taking
out team killing is a mistake it's not
it's not the problem they needed to
focus on the problem that needed to
focus on or the people who leave at the
beginning of a match because what makes
it harder for the counselors is starting
a man down you guys you gotta hit the
ready button everybody had gotta hit the
ready button up in the top left corner
two people leave at the start of the
game that's two less people looking for
batteries or fuses or pocket knives to
disarm traps right
people leaving makes it harder for the
counselors so they don't enjoy it as
much and it makes it easier for Jason so
it feels like less of a victory for
Jason he gets a whole bunch of kills you
know I like I get where they're coming
from and you know they were looking at
it from the griefing standpoint is
because like they already put the ban in
place for people working with Jason it's
annoying when it happens but it's not
that prevalent it's that's and that's
the real thing but the abandoning of the
game when they know they're not Jason
every goddamn match I think this was
something that they heard a large group
of people complaining about bad
teammates and so like it was just like
it was a it was an axe swipe you know it
was an act stroke to get rid of bad
players blood that being said I agree
with you there's there's other things
that they could have been focusing on
yeah including some more fucking maps
maybe they're gonna do that yeah I know
they're gonna do though they're gonna be
smaller Maps I don't like that warehouse
well think what they need is the
warehouse is the the rocket League
system where if you drop out early yeah
15 minute penalty you just can't join
any other matches for 15 minutes ago
you're locked out that's what they need
where we got married us
guys yeah you know where we drop it guys
I call it you guys leave it up to me
it's terrible that cluster planes right
yeah alright let's go to the buildings
drop out in three two one go
and I know I just said buildings but I
meant like big the compounds that
compound of like six buildings yeah
we're gonna fuck some shit up over 13
confirmed kills sir
bad boys I'm landing on the ceiling of
Philly yeah
nice Hey well three of us made it to the
same roof ice I'm looting we're this is
our like that's family die hear that
check I got a sniper in my group
yeah cover me I know I'll grab a gun
excuse me excuse me excuse me
I'm stuck I'm stuck in the crotch I'm
stuck in your crotch here we go yo son
you open mic dude I can here hold your
key frizzes oh all right get your shit
together
well God where is everybody
don't ever leave this building or we're
gonna die instantly crossbow
I'd boys I didn't know how I didn't
check how many people drop with us so
really I don't think anyone else was on
our roof yeah we all drop the roofs we
just wait stick you I'm scared again
we're pretty close to the white circle
what what a nice office
yeah there's a guy coming in he's at 303
at the top there's a compass Jack okay
cool are you seen the ceiling he's on
the carpet with the two buildings Oh
looks like he's got the corner capped a
corner right here yeah I got the door
covered walk him out he opens it dies
i boys anyone it's got a spare site nope
I'm even have a helmet we should go
check the building beast I'm scared
half-hearted says hey guys I was much
more engaged watching Jack lead his
group that I was watching Dunkirk hutch
must mean you are greater than Nolan
thank you guys for tonight's stream
thank you we need to include another
building Bravo Nolan let's go you guys
get out I'm not sure the William Meister
seems I think this building hasn't been
looted yeah
Jack Jack Kitty who did I I didn't know
you were leaving
the william astor says one of the
director attention to a fan video I saw
on YouTube it's a hack fraud life a
compilation of half in the bag violence
ink - it's a hard-knock life nice sounds
fun that sounds great I did not make it
but really enjoyed it
spurious machinery says how about brutal
doom but co-op live until an hour to
sometime no oh well keep on keep an eye
on you pair of I love loveable boobs
jack yeah keep having those plans I have
I got all the plans to do with our pipes
all three helmet all right I got a
two-time scope nice we want boys is
there some did you get him on our roof
no he was like 100 meters away is that
on my screen though oh yeah he's he's
friend was there though he's directly at
West West okay I saw the stalking
through the windows yeah cuz we got our
choir to you that's cool that circle is
going to start closing in pretty darn
fast
yeah but the first six years - yeah
minutes at least
anybody see that where that came from
nope but they try to shoot me
anonymous says have you guys heard of
West of loathing great stick figure
Western where you guys could voice
characters need to get Jackson VA work
lung cancer undyne that can barely talk
is the best uh glad you enjoyed it
glad you enjoyed it
my pain anonymous says this week was
hell and my anxiety hit me full blast
but your streams and some older
recordings help me help give me my gonna
help give my mind some much-needed
chilling out
even when rich was screaming thanks for
the Zen welcome is it going to forty to
forty yes that's a jargon that's no
jargon
I'm watching the front door yeah Chet
I'm uncomfortable watching myself on cam
but only when I'm acting like I can
watch best of the worst it's fine
yeah anything where I'm acting though Oh
God
hard to watch myself we're moving out
guys like leaving uh yeah but it's a red
zone now so I think
yo guys this is a sniper rifle here
another German rifle right there inside
oh nice
I think three of us got sniper although
I don't have any arms though this - I'll
keep the human people
alright boys are we leaving yeah yeah we
should probably go I'm late
look alright Jesus hurry boys there's
still a guy in that building right in
front of us started working Jeep no no
careful Jack there's the guy right there
someone's been in that house yeah I'm
trying to see
you got them yeah yeah hard one I think
yeah there's another one
I'm not sure though we're moving let's
move into the safe zone
while running
we're running
Oh ran into someone
close
we're closed rich
I think this is a squad to get the
chicken Dean your boys yeah it's
happening is basically what you're
saying so this time let me ride my
motorcycle around like crazy and attract
them bullshit fine I've never been hit
by a bomb oh I have that it's to death
we're gonna try to run into that house
we're in the safe zone yeah but we're
also in the red zone let's go right a
bit and walk outside the red zone house
provides cover if we can get into the
car boom he Gucci boys sake are you
scared
Oh shots to the north
I see my team moving the north's sure I
got him with a head shot what would we
do with our place is that one of them
said I got the second - nice
nope nope nope dogs let's go tell him do
you bleed oh there's one right I'll go
kill his teammate hey doing I have no
idea what's going on this is this is
like how awful I would be in a real
survival situation yeah I'm just here I
got your six why don't you go with your
and see what the shooting at and running
through the fields
it's running through the series
give you six that's all I'm good for
see Zulu I got I got six covered you do
this all the things so so pipes escape
yes pipes is the pipes is carrying me
Thank You pipes this pipe stream of this
game may be blood pipes
I'm just unplug the pipes Jack you just
a player pipes not a streamer I'm just
that for Mexican dude for you to make it
like internet connection
but GP security please thank there that
must be nerds
pipes is MVP no pipes is definitely MVP
whoa
let's keep going again
it's great
because a car on the move directly south
on intercept
Oh
but don't stop on those houses either I
don't want to die
I don't want to
all right
car in front of us
oh fuck I I had our head going upstairs
be the shotgun wish me luck
when you check out the roof
there's an AKM and a bunch of ammo up
here you could probably use that a que
oh yeah oh shit son a Hamel yo guys I'm
waiting on your review of the emoji
movie
the Ghostbusters review wasn't enough
remember Scarface oh we're on the edge
save someone here car to the southeast
through the trees blue car
I gotta get in your pipes to buy
everything
oh no bless me what I'm going to watch
you guys we can't oh that's the chip we
came up nice what's plan that yeah
what's the what's the plan here there's
28 people alive which it's pretty good
hold up by the way this might be the
game yeah let's hold up in a hole up in
the building yeah just look at the Jeep
so if it comes to can use the Jeep and
leave okay you've got so much ammo for
that anything oh there's car let's not
go you need some head cover Jack yeah if
anyone sees a helmet let me know one
mine no thank you
he's shooting me his name
is the six being God though there's all
sorts of sixes everybody's got a six
every six is being got says crows teeth
seven one two seven nothing but sixes
are being got nothing but sixes
okay oh that door is open
why is that door open cuyps is out there
okay everything's fine everything's fine
what are we shooting up ah guys to the
east running through the fields 75 now
running away from us oh I see I
understand this game as bullet drop I
don't think something that far away you
can oh yeah no maybe one weighs by him
yes yeah absolutely that's that was my
plan no it's not giving away her
position is just carrying it I think I
might be blind because let me see anyone
either gone they're gone that no okay so
yeah close my eyes haha please God let
this song be here we go
starla GG rng god damn it close
you got a jeep you walk with a drive you
got a Jeep yeah but we're nearby we
shouldn't use the jeep we're just gonna
die alright should we move already
walking oh I see I see someone place the
blue marker head there head towards the
blue marker big big the Jeep and just
hide in the house but there's there's no
houses in there and there's gonna be
like tons of people I'm scared I don't
know what I'm saying guys just let's go
die it's more fun if we die I'm not
dying
wait where's epochs epi X again epitaxy
night pull I got stuck on a pole
everything's fine 6 is archive those
heels the heels might have people they
might have ice
let's run up the hill okay let's go
watch your back
Pub she is with a good team and fun
banter I said that in the review to be
fair yeah I know and you know I thought
you had some positive things you know
like I like about it not being the meat
factor yeah the call of duty grinder
yeah I wanted to like this game I really
did I'm just I'm not I'm not made for
multiplayer shooters Jack that's fine
rich I'm gonna be the badass who kills
all the things I don't want I don't want
the cat Mouse yeah the shooters the cat
Mouse that this game obviously has all
the time
like right now we're doing cat and mouse
right I want to be Rambo and I play a
shooter got a guy just a guy shooting at
you from the houses
15:30 there's a guy with an automatic
rifle send me a minute is he in the
building by the water tower he's in the
top window of the blue barn barn with
the blue ceiling
like
I got you I got you
do you believe okay guys so this here
I'll tip $30 if you guys win
what thank you squid I want $30 for Jack
Oh hope into the safe Sun moving to the
600 this guy's dying the guy silence
behind us he's right there oh and killed
one checks down Jack's down Jack's down
come to come to you come to help it help
it
I think the place did I shoot the bad
guy or did I shoot a teammate shed the
bad guy Jack I have some bandages but
not many Linda learn the ground there on
the ground I've got some big lips
there's bandages on the ground
Jack that is a guide to drop East caught
him oh nice like a I gotta run gonna
kill us
hey we'd miss me boys get your grade we
ready in third grade that fucking farm
right seen the top floor shotgun not
true excuse there's a buggy right there
but there's a jeep to take the G but go
notice a guy on the hill yeah there's a
guy in akhil shooting us
you feeling honey oxen 75 let's go in
the rocks 13 alive boys we got this ofE
doxies witness happy doc what witness
witness then Oh meeting what the fuck
watch your six watch your six that guy
from the barns with the head of your
weight I'm watching your six got you I
got you
great I don't think it's safe to say in
this Jeep the east
boo-ki how about that house to the house
no there's gotta be people in the house
I know you're gonna have to kill
eventually yeah I know but just camping
wait till they die all right I'm just
bandaging up if you take the house you
could defend its pretty centered you
could probably defend that for most of
the rest of the game if you take it why
don't you get that Jeep just storm
towards the house then throw a fucking
grenade through the window I got a good
need right now I got one like go through
with it I hate boys witness me cover him
cover motive
should go in yeah it's gone okay yeah
that's going let's go in go in go on
there's ten people in this little song
I'm not sure about throw a grenade
that's not that window just throw a
fucking grenade grenade in your house
that you threw a grenade in the house
that it says pipes just pipes left again
he just let us die the mastermind at
work here we go rich can't say this
isn't I said it could be fun in a group
yeah I'm just not much of a social gamer
pipes is not a traitor pipes is still
alive he if he wins the team wins I have
said specifically that I despise playing
solo yeah
seven well played hmm oh hey I killed I
kill one person and gravely injured
another I'd like this like to think
pipes for the wind well that was great
that was great everyone I think that'll
be it that'll be it for tonight all
right
all right but I appreciate you all
playing with us that was fun that was
just what I needed
just what I needed no pipes thank you
for thank you for carrying me through
all of it pipes is chatting with me yeah
I understand well that's for anyone all
right
well I am boom boom that was great that
was fan-friggin'-tastic that's weird oh
well that was super everything's fine
rich everything is absolutely fine I
don't know what you're talking about I
didn't do anything and everything's
absolutely fine let me get this thing
off my lap I'm gonna get this thing off
my lap that was great that's the thing
there there there is fun to be had in
this game yeah and I think a lot of a
lot of the fun to be had in this game is
when you're working with a team
so so there you go
but now is the point of the stream in
which we thank all the people who
subscribe to us during the stream unless
there's any more tips um ok books is
well done nonetheless that's it it's
three hour stream a little bit early
is it no we were at six oh I guess I
thought we said another 5:30 no no okay
well shit yeah why are you still up is
that what you're saying like I don't
care
well you're not well you got I got
nothing ma'am I got a piece of fucking
lutely nothing that's fine that's that's
what I got banned fucking done three
hours and thirty for three and a half
hour stream is what we got going right
now rich alright you wanna be done we
gonna be done I'm just I already I
already called it you already call all
right I already Colvin unless there's
anything you want to play it for another
hour I can happily play Friday 13
exactly you want to do I could do that
okay I do have yoga if you want if you
want Jen you do that alright you do that
I'm gonna get you take this okay hey
guess what you just got an extension
official extension Friday the 13th
motherfucker yeah yeah
