Episode 837
Jack: The Return (again)(Friday the 13th)
August 30, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tne4rL2IYLI
___________________________________________

motherfucker yeah yeah I and you know
what I generally agree with you it is
it's a rule that knew that for our
sandwich yeah well you know I listen to
NPR they do our chunks wait wait don't
tell me but that's not standard Jack
it's not standard wait wait don't tell
me it's a great show by the way great
joke okay hey we're good I fuck you
microphone hold on I need I need no we
need sandbags I need so many sandbags I
mean oh man it fell I need water
I'm gonna you go dude you go do the
things you need they do all set the shit
up everything everything is breaking
every less than three hours at know we
have three and a half hours up time
that's our up time motherfucker
do I have the setup already by chance
how about that it's already set up and
ready to go that's great thank you I
can't really read the chat too well
right now my house has you having a good
night everyone
win fund the night I know we're having
fun tonight I know that firstand
oh you're not on the game I lost Jay
I gotta get chatty back chatter your
quote alum
no I just want you to cancel that I just
want you to go on you you're out you're
not gonna leave full screen so I can fix
the chatty problem well you know what
that's fine I can do this without chatty
we got chatty on the laptop it'll be
fine I can't I can't read a word you're
saying
you know jack wants to take a break I
can see the laptop the Texas really
small I can't I can't read it - well
because it's on the way and the other
side of the room at a table
rich can you read the evident it's still
small I know you're in all-caps it's
more a deciphered that more than I read
that
thank you
that there's something microphone they
didn't hear you said hey everybody
Teddy crashed so your your charge of now
all communication via the laptops right
I'm with you I like it
we're gonna fix this you got a mouse on
your screen
Oh what the fuck is that they can't see
that the the what the fuck is that a
keyboard is coming up some kind of steam
controller crap Oh God why is the mouse
out there too
there we go
everything's fixed a steam controller
roller and a keyboard a controller the
keyboard thing came up it was kind of
crazy all right
all right what we got going on over here
hey Chad how's it going welcome welcome
to the stream I just got here
everything's fine
complete bust complete bus Jack did Jack
stop playing Friday 13th because there
aren't enough bushes yes yeah if I if I
could hide in bushes in Friday the 13th
I'd be all about it no you know I I'm
waiting for some more updates on Friday
13th I've slowed down because I've been
playing pub G and of course I've been
gone for for an extended period of time
first in Canada then in northern
Wisconsin so you know I you know what
I'm I'm upset that I wasn't here for the
Jason Cup I would have liked to be here
for the Jason kale but I'm also equally
happy that the Jason kill was God so
that's all I got tried and we tried to
it again where I stay alive the whole
time like I was a part of the team that
did it
do you feel but like that counted yeah
that did count I think so I don't I
think so no prom doctors won't reason
yeah and you know anytime I see a lot of
people asking like yeah my name is on
steam is Harlech har la ck if you want
to friend me I'll I'll see if I can get
a few more friends in and anytime you
want to invite me if you see that I'm
playing pub G you invite me to a game or
whatever if I decline it's just because
I'm I'm maybe in the middle of something
but uh she what are you what
a new player I don't know what's going
on Oh God Harvey I didn't do anything to
get it going but that's fine
oh sure let's see here let's see I got
the keys s in 1984 says hey guys that
was fun viewing the motorcycle Rambo
stunt was funny Jack made my throat hurt
from laughter listen like I sent it off
the clip right and they were gonna look
at the motorcycle I thought we could
scare him out but it didn't work but
really that was a four effort on my part
I just enjoy that all of my team was
just saying no dear God don't do that
we're good we're good yeah this is too
easy I didn't do anything and I'm
getting out
oh yeah I can deal with it I can deal
with him all right
just might have one more more from now
it's over somehow with no effort you did
him let's see here rich have you seen a
new Rick and Morty season three and if
so what do you think about it III fell
asleep a farm okay
you like it yeah I know you like that
show yeah I don't think whoever shows up
to judge like in the season's great well
but I mean like first trips again okay
it's a it's a sounded like you around
the cusp of be like I really I'm really
not
I can't report that new game of thrones
has been actually like engaging because
finally after seven seasons they're
doing something say about that like
there is things are happening in every
episode they're gonna wrap that shit up
anytime soon this is the last season
really yeah this is the last season and
ever since last season they've been
going off-book because obviously the
right the last book is written yet and
so they're kind of just making it up the
day-to-day apparently george RR martin
gave them a a rough outline yeah to work
with but they're just kind of doing
their own thing which is why and they
ignored the outline
no no but like finally they're they're
finally not working off of his his
bullet
you know his point by point they're
they're weaving their way to his outline
and I think that's why these later
seasons have been better see your your a
outspoken RR martin critic i'm an
outspoken game of thrones television
okay okay but I did get a chance to see
at least the first two episodes of new
wet hot American summer yeah
which were thoroughly enjoyable I I'm a
huge fan of the movie the movie is as
far as I'm concerned a goddamn
masterpiece and I was a little me check
what level people are look at this
scrubber shit they're not like they're
waiting for the cops yeah that would be
one thing they're not waiting for the
cops is gonna get them nothing they
might not know
but I was a little I was a little mellow
on the first day of camp
yeah which was the first season of they
didn't even search the drawers in that
house fucking scrub this isn't your
account no no this is this is Ritchie's
account which log back into steam so
this is Richard's account but the first
two episodes of ten years later has been
phenomenally funny so III really think
so and maybe maybe shit like I know a
big problem with me for the first day of
camp because it was a prequel to the
movie and one of the jokes is that all
of the actors were significantly older
even though it took place earlier but
write that joke never write really sat
right with me and yeah and a lot of the
jokes in first day of camp we're
basically just explaining throwaway
jokes from the movie yeah and I really
didn't like that like for example in the
movie randomly there is a talking can of
corn yeah and one of the jokes of first
day of camp is explaining how there came
to be a talking can of corn I kind of
just liked the weirdness of a talking
point right so but so far this has been
a wonderful step up really
and I'm David Wain and Michael Showalter
and Michael Ian Black are so good at
setting up a moment that you know from a
movie and then completely turning it
inside out for the joke and it's just
fantastic just fantastic stuff
jack critiques a joke
it is the the 10 10 years later is
definitely a step up there they're
having a lot of fun with it and you know
especially if you are a fan you know
something like a thing that I'll give
away now is it you have to be a fan of
the movie to watch the shows because
like one of the jokes that they use is
they they cut two at the end of the
movie all the counselors get together
all the senior counselors get together
and say hey you know what 10 years from
today let's meet back at camp and see
what kind of people we've blossomed into
and they have this fun little
conversation about meeting 10 years
later and so they cut to that segment
from the movie and then cut away to two
extra actors who weren't in that scene
in the movie who are just like yeah
totally let's meet 10 years later and
it's obviously there so obviously apart
from everyone but they all make it seem
like they're together it's great and and
the way they handle the editing in the
shot composition to make sure that you
know that they know that they inserted
the shot it's great yeah it's hilarious
and then they just keep cutting to these
two actors going right it's great it's
great
hmm we're playing 11 minutes in the
closet yep uh-oh there's not me I got
out I'm spectating this is myth remember
this is boring ass awful player I am
finding a different Lobby you know what
this person is doing they're playing a
little pub G here I'm just waiting for
the time yeah this is the mad Bush
strats this is exactly what I do in pub
G just sit and wait by the door yes it's
great let's see here
shit I was loving the stream you guys
should try son dread it's a Metroidvania
with a skill tree in beautiful
hand-drawn animations in an environment
well you know apparently we're on Oh
everyone's making a Metroidvania net
yeah yeah we going waves
and everybody's making a Metroidvania
now and now you know like before it was
it was a multiplayer environmental stuff
with this in pub G and now we're going
Metroidvania sick the term is always
weird to me because I when I think of
Castlevania I think of castlevania 1
which is not about exploration or or
opening up branching paths whatever ends
branching paths just straight up go
through the game linearly right but
later Metroid took cues or Castlevania 2
cues from men right just a Metroid like
by in my mind yeah
oh and okra my lack of Metroid wocka mr.
Bokka Metroid oh I like that
agua commit right Vania no just a quack
Metro I'll take my commentry endo crime
I did not much care for jet tune I
played a joke doing and I did not much
care for it god you're something someone
else into the game no one called time
well I guess everyone escaped all right
who's gonna be it's gonna be it's gonna
be rich now - wait did you do it Oh nope
it's not me they're gonna do it they're
gonna go right back on the front of all
zip now they have someone else to
distract I see you think yes I'm very
much thank you I just lock the door
it's prime it's pronouncing yup tuned
oh no they got
let's see here this new subscriber says
the exclamation point
uptime that leftover beefcake calls is
different from hack BOTS
uptime hack bots uptime reflects when
the stream has started beefcakes uptime
says how long that watcher has been up
for me you turn on calculator so this
has not been a three and a half hour
stream so far unless it's been it's been
less sorry then I made the right call
you were saying the absolute right I
mean I was the ia I agree with you we
made the right call Jen then I say I
said I made
oh no I'm now I'm retro actively
changing history
oh no Mandela thanks you always said we
that's fine
I'm more into rhythm games which is not
rich in Jack's apartment
hi I'm okay with rhythm games it's hard
to do rhythm games on screen because
usually the music is copy written and
rhythm games really require a lot of
concentration there's no downtime in a
rhythm game you know you're always doing
something I I will I will honestly and
openly admit that I think that Guitar
Hero is one of the most immersive games
I have ever played in my entire life I
had a great time with Guitar Hero guitar
you know just with the little guitar
that you got to strap on the the
movement of your fingers it really felt
like you were playing guitar it's out
here oh I fuckin love the time oh you
know something else that they have they
added it already huh they're adding
emotes I don't know if they have added
that already they are adding
communication emotes so you can like
tell people to come with you inspired
them Jack I think that's great that's
that's AMA good that all on you yeah
yeah that's yeah I think it's really
important but they've added a way to
communicate with someone without a mic
which i think is really great people are
gonna have some fun with that
guitar here makes you feel like you're
playing guitar until you're actually
playing it doesn't even need to be an
emo they just need like an electronic
voice that says I have keys well I have
the gas you could get the voice actors
back see I do like I have the propellor
emotes are fun because that can turn
into that could turn into like meta
jokes so you can have some fun like the
I think one of them was like the
feedback counts are going like this
they're fun could be had oh so it's like
just it's not gonna be like little chat
icons that pop up no it'll be like yes I
come this way like you know car start
and whatever yellow be they'll be
official the car start yeah yeah
my guess is it's cheaper than getting
the voice - captain good nonverbal way
of communicating when Jason's nearby oh
yeah like ah you do one of these two
fighters you see you going now we when
we did the Jason Cole will do brute
force we were open about it yeah yeah
but we just everyone stuck together
right was the key okay and so then if
Jason tried to hurt someone someone
would be God
rich are you a fan of John delance John
de Lancie on cue hmm hey I'm guessing
that's minus Q that's your target about
okay Jack when are you gonna add more
emotes to twitch oh I know I gotta be
gotta do that we'll get you know very
least I'll get the beer emo back cuz you
know we had to give that up I think it
we gave it up the beer emo it to get a
mikey mode you didn't even have a map
they got in the cabinet and they did
nothing
oh oh that's right that's the can't and
you know what like you know there's
stuff two and a half minutes left
you're crazy I haven't even eat it
yeah I can add back Tim and I can add
back the bit of the beer really easy
because we need the Tim know we have
like 20 more we have like yeah oh wow we
got we've we've gotten many more
subscribers since I had to like yeah
ditch one and so we just have all these
faces for more remotes and I yeah you
got to make them a problem they're dead
already
thoughts on Christopher Nolan and
Dunkirk it's one of my favorite films of
the year but what I've heard about done
I have not seen Dunkirk but what I've
heard about it I can see I think you've
seen yeah and and you called it Saving
Private Ryan with 80% less heart and if
you know Christopher Nolan as a director
that's an incredibly accurate statement
he does not really make characters that
you fall in love with he makes heartless
he was he makes a heartless calculating
you know efficiency machine people and
attempted heartstrings
yeah no he does not understand human
emotions oh you're right I you know what
I will I'm sorry we're still for still
trying the pub gee I will change that
you know compared to Gilberg and Saving
Private Ryan and whatnot it rights not
much parrot comparatively
all right I updated it's a Friday the
13th oh my god you only have 25 seconds
but they don't know how much time they
have right they know the two-minute
warning stars they probably have a
decent idea
yep just keep running in circles man
keep running in circles for a second to
injury no one you know I didn't I didn't
I never saw interstellar I never saw his
interstellar movie because I thought
that the Dark Knight Rises was an awful
turd and I was just kind of I was just
kind of put off with Nolan so I haven't
seen his last two movies obviously I
don't think was as good as the Dark
Knight Pete Ledger made that movie but I
don't think Rises was terrible no I did
I did
so stream is updated now thank you for
for reminding me stream is updated we
are playing Friday the 13th accordingly
yeah you should you don't want to be the
same thing with Murph and woman did you
spend time with Paul Feig to get into
your role I so here's what here's here's
the Paul Feig thing yeah
for anyone who is yet to see the new
blanket Ghostbusters review there's a
small segment in which I play Paul Feig
yeah Mike texted me asking if I wanted
to be Paul Feig in in the and I was like
sure no problem in it and then and then
Mike sent me a text
do you have a three-piece suit look come
on
so I said I have a nice two-piece suit
and I bet we could find a vest for him
and yeah I went out and bought a vest
for it's a it's actually really nice
it's like perfect oh yeah no I'm like
the jacket and the pants were mine and I
bought a vest that kind of matches which
which you know that's fine but and so
all I knew was that I was gonna play
Paul Feig I he didn't give me my lot he
never give me a script ever they have
never ever once given me a script I
don't think it was a script for your
lies it was just general right he makes
he says directing things but like I had
no idea how much I would be talking so I
actually spent all morning watching Paul
feed interview so I could just get it's
pretty good for just well you know
people already left two people already
left ah fuck this game I love it but
they gotta fix that so I spent some time
studying his voice and his mannerisms
like you might not be able to tell but
I'm a I'm writing oh yeah I'm writing
notes on sticky notes and I put my ring
on my finger cuz he has brains on his
fingers
you're better Paul Feig and Paul Feig uh
we had some fun with it but like I like
I tweeted out I figured out the ultimate
irony is in a scene dedicated to the
overuse of improv my line was improvised
right it's early enough where he
probably doesn't have his sense yet all
right he knows he has to prep the car no
he knows what other things he needs to
do right he's trapping the phone right
now
no that's a console so detractors in the
house next door
he's next to me but I think he's over
there look
revue with blankets opinions on Bill
Murray I don't remember the Bill Murray
say it blames Bill Murray for there not
being a Ghostbusters three with the
original cast we had we had another
Ghostbusters the original cast of his
Ghostbusters - right he may have kept
them from making another Ghostbusters
with the original cast yeah I don't I
don't necessarily think that's a bad
thing those persons - I was already
sliding downhill the only way you should
do another Ghostbusters movie was with
that cast but the odds that they would
have done it right even with that cast
were relatively low so I'm fine that we
didn't get a third with the original
cast yeah listen we got the one you got
the one really great why don't we got a
second all right one what else do you
need what else do you mean pocketknives
you need all sorts of things
that's not a good thing that happened
here I think Mike was too harsh on built
listen bill is there's no changing Bill
Murray
I I know everyone loves I know everyone
loves lovable Bill Murray who doesn't
have an agent and just a phone number so
he'll be in weird things and randomly
shows up at house parties you and your
fucking that you Jack oh you and your
fucking trap strats that is me is
someone saw me and my traps Forest rats
but also rich you should check the
fucking floor cuz that was right by the
door and you heard the councillor laid
the trap we talked about it I'm gonna
stand by this birdbath yeah I hope he
gets the message that you want a
birdbath yeah
while strangle the birdbath was right
away standing right next to the birdbath
you fucking lame ass Jason Barbara how
do you leave a comment when you sub I
don't know epitaxy to be honest with you
I don't know how you leave a comment
when you said lame ask Jason
let's see here Fuli weakens says have
you run into a lot of players abusing
that water glitch lately what is the
water glitch I had three games in a row
with half the team doing it and waiting
out the entire match just to find the
water glitch full weakens what's the
water glitch is there and there's a new
water going mean like an island they
went up on I've seen that once if that's
what you're talking about but I don't
know what you're talking about I'm
waiting in chat I'm waiting in chat all
right I see you're waiting here jingles
oh or are you talking about in pub gee
there's a water oh oh like maybe there's
a water glitch in pub G but I had one
guy I was the only two people my friends
list we're currently playing Friday the
13th great I uh yes they swim out to the
rock and wait out the game and Jason
can't get Oh apparently there's a rock
that they a counselor actually swam over
in Kilburn Oh once we discuss this
civilly sure and then I get okay cool
you got you got two minutes
Tommy in two minutes after they killed
the guy who's on the rock oh nice nice
yeah I always find a new bugs I had one
guy I couldn't find him for the longest
time I don't know if this was on stream
or not but he it turned out that the the
one named teaming going on here what
they had some themeing going on
interesting
they don't look like they're built for
adjacent hunting party oh how what he
was playing public Ubud yeah yeah I went
there my friends he was playing so now
we go glitches oh so there was a guy who
was just out in the water like near the
boat exiting he was so far away I
couldn't pick him up on my sense yeah oh
you son of a bitch but I got him yeah
yeah I got it took me a while I got him
that's great
you can't completely ignore those sound
waves right isn't cheating the first
thing you try to handle in an online
multiplayer game of course but remember
there's so many glitches in this game
that it's hard for them to track down
all of them the reporting's in the
banning seems to have taken care of a
lot of it most of it oh yeah at all at
all out of state mm-hmm people like to
bitch about those bands they were great
fifty pink kill yourself
but that's kind of harsh I like to the
board game I go to the ball game
perfectly okay with who the board game
we brought a bunch of board game let's
connect seein on our trip oh we did get
a kill against committee we brought up a
few board games on our trip and we ended
up playing a lot of Settlers of Catan
which is a game that you know we've
stopped playing because we had so many
other games but a Settlers of Catan what
a great game it's a fine game really is
really is fine yep
I just got my XP it's funny cuz like
there's Jason music you know staying as
soon as he hit it
nice ocean streams from settlers yeah we
could stream some settlers I think that
was that one of the board games that
used to I don't really want to drop the
shotgun he might have gone let's see
here crane ham Christ says got to the
stream late tonight Karen looks and
sounds like a bald man tonight
is she sick I hope she gets better okay
mixing you know the trance trance
that's the four-seater why didn't you
you know that oh I lock the gun in there
all right well I'm not always the
brightest all right
and Jason to break down that door you
can't unlock it from the outside
let's see here michael cody CA says hey
all i had a rough week
my best friend of 12 years passed away
from what looks like a laced dose of
something oh that's too bad
just want to let everyone know you are
all loved and addiction help is
available that is very true rich and I
are fond of all of you an addiction help
is available except those of you are not
fond of well but they know everyone else
that we were founded Auto phalange
laters as I just saw the hand this hand
solo speculation video and Feld that you
were so accurate that I no longer feel
the need to see it take my money instead
you hacks gladly right it's it's sad how
correct you're gonna be on so many
things from them does anybody have keys
no
thanks man hugs we appreciate you
watching hopefully we got some funny in
here somewhere
keep your day moving let's see here is
Joe flack go elite says hey Jack I heard
you said you went to northern Wisconsin
the other week my family has been
spending summers in three lakes maybe
you're familiar for the last four
generations truly a special place it's
it is beautiful it's beautiful and it's
quiet and it's great it's great just to
get away from kind of everything and
hang out but it's also tiring because
it's so far away from everything so but
I love it I love just getting out going
doing stuff I like doing crap I like
doing crap that I don't normally do I've
got to finish searching the big house
yeah
fucking amateurs I open like I posed
yeah fucking amateurs and I know
nobody's working with kicks Ian he's in
my group so it's just dumbasses fucking
dumbasses
whatever one to die Jackson I moved to
Madison Wisconsin Madison is a fine city
with lots of fun things to do i what do
you know what are your pros and cons for
moving to Madison Wisconsin
take that you bastard
mascot it's off can you really commit
he'll come back soon twice I feel bad
the first time oh my god
but you shouldn't be following girls
late at night chart over here
miss Tommy John's belt I already have a
sweatshirt
I can't I can't get killed I don't want
to be Tommy for this I don't I don't
they already have a sweatshirt I thought
that Vanessa had the sweatshirt
he's been called beefcake beefcake says
that uh way it's timing here there's not
enough kills yet
Oh beefcake says yes someone has a
sweater oh man can you take this
sweatshirt off of a dead player no you
can't I never tried I don't think you
can't think it just disappears when that
character dies
someone needs to dive in if they wanted
me to come commit see him find that
person with the sweater and murder them
I can't help you
that would be wrong but as a player
right now you should be hunting down
that person with a sweater
let's see here game child UK says has
rich seen the viral video that's a
cartoon animated clip of him with audio
from the nerd crew episode with the swag
bag story and don't know what I have the
animation styles really fun yeah game
child UK I will click on that link and
show rich later rich was not
collaborating with Jason there I was
telling Jason what Jason needs to do
rich was giving general advice to
someone who may or may not be playing
Jason that if you see someone with the
sweatshirt on you should prioritize them
that's just general advice
let's see you this time it's lupus said
my absolute favorite part of the plinky
review of ghostbusters was when mike
shouted do you get it now Paul Feig I
could just feel Mike's emotions coming
through I could too
so clearly I could too yeah no no I was
I was very happy with how how good it
wasn't so hard to break down comedy into
a technical level and and I think liked
it an amazing job
how is Jay Baumann doing I haven't seen
Jay in a couple weeks the last I saw him
he was he was dressed like a grip behind
me while we shot the thing that was a
couple weeks ago I assume he's doing
well if he wasn't I'm sure I would have
heard about it yo yo yo come here no
chart come let's go all right do you
call you chart doesn't matter I'm outta
here
I'm obligated that I am absolutely
obligated to absolutely
good
oh my
oh my god sweater person was escaping I
don't think there will be a Jason killed
okay interesting
they haven't escaped they're loaded by
the exit they're waiting for Tommy to
show up sure and then they're gonna go
pick up Tommy with the car
this is actually fairly well
orchestrated sir oh so you guys get out
in the two-seater one of you becomes
town yes it's captain Muller
no way that are they leaving
no no sweater person no sweater person
this water weight why are they all
leaving wouldn't you want them as backup
you would are they all leaving because
it's not her because I captain molars
Tommy but he's got to be in on it
what's going on here what's the what's
the game plan I don't know what their
game plan is
going for the kill was the right call
leaving in the car was not that's the
that's my problem
is it just because their guy didn't get
didn't come back possibly possibly so
they just said well you know we're just
leaving because we don't all get the
Jason kill possibly because they wanted
their guy to get I don't know they
wanted the group kill sure sure
Jack are you are you optimistic for Star
Wars Episode eight I after rogue one no
but from Episode seven yes my opinion of
episode seven was very met hmm my
attitude about Episode eight is also
very accurate right man and I really
liked him so seven and so I was really
looking forward to episode 8 and then
rogue one came on I was like oh they can
really fuck this up so they gave us
characters who did not did not make me
sick whenever they were on the screen
like the prequels so there you go and in
that regard yeah it was very successful
I kind of liked rain-fed yeah agree b88
I like the new characters yeah I don't
despise them this is high praise coming
and you know that was the direction that
Star Wars needed to head in after the
prequels in that respect the force
awakens was a huge win yeah where's
Tommy where's Mick see him oh he's got
he's got the area just in case
danke Schoen oh I think they're still
going for a kill how do you say you're
welcome
Pizza Schoen Etha she ate that she put
the beat beat that she yeah two people
could kill Jason yeah she uses the
sweater she hits him with the bat
Tommy hits him with the egg your window
smaller because she has to finish her
animation before she can hit him right
in theory time he can have the bat or
she could have the ax she can drop the
ax you soon whatever stunning time he
could probably Jason at the bat drop the
bat run over grab the ax and then do it
in theory
the mask is knocked off already I think
he's running away from with you should
this fight school enzyme downpour come
back let's go okay so now the counselors
are hunting Jason yo do your Bigfoot
mating call if you if you're playing
this has Jason you you could just run
it's not the noble way to go about it
mmm
stretched out what are the strats if you
were Jason in the situation and you
don't want to just put your tail between
your legs you and hide go in the water
that's a quick the same thing as hiding
even feeling your mo that's the only
option if if you know if you don't want
to go to the cabin rage quit when there
too if you don't want to rage quit you
need you knew you Oh in the water and
you just wait it out do you try long
range do you try throwing knives maybe
if you're still trying to kill someone
maybe yeah you throw knives that's a
tough call man
honorably I think you have to try and
kill honorable obviously um could Jerez
I'm just gonna look away piece of shit I
know now he's oh he's on the other side
of the map I'm sure all right
Oh piece of shit
you might gamble with a going to stock
make him think you laughs going to stock
then try a shift grab sure and get a
kill on one of you gonna kill them one
of them it's over right you risked you
risk pocket knives that way oh look a
puppy me now they both have pocket
knives
we're chasing the rear boy yep I feel so
- I feel so terrible you know what you
play the game you know the rules you
play the game you know who is the dying
man crane head crisis does Mike write
the blinker he solo or is it a comedian
cumulative effort commute how do you say
that one cumulative effort cumulative
woo cumulative
thank you Wow my brain not firing that's
that's over time give me a little bit
here you're working out a little bit
here a little bit there a little bit
there that's not collaborative okay
collaborative is working together what's
the question
does Mike Wright point get along yes yes
yes I understand the irony I ask enrich
I pronounce a word correctly
Oh ma'am but yeah Mike writes I'm alone
we're there to help with other stuff
like you know shooting a live-action
stuff and whatnot I don't know for the
Star Wars ones you help them take notes
and stuff Nikolas this is redonkulous
I know Connexions just ate it last
stream stream I get it yeah I get it
I get it yeah connects you and I we both
pocketknives
I think the honorable thing here is you
just need to swallow the medicine again
just go go let us see it man let us see
I'm sorry you need to swallow the
medicine again yep
there's only it's the only honorable
thing it split up gang what it's good
for absolutely nothing I am separated
from my partner where did he go
I sure hope I don't run into Jason
thoughts on life force life force is a
very strange movie it's a very strange
movie that I saw very late at night
during B fests one year and so a part
I'm not sure which parts were real which
parts were dreamed my force is a very
very strange he pussied out men man if
only the rest of your team stuck around
Oh Jason Oh
your job is through return to mommy I'm
gonna go okay I want to end on this note
note we can and I don't want to end on
this note we're gonna one more round and
I know I don't think Mike and Jay would
ever do another be fast episode on half
in the bag I know you know ha ha Jason
get 88 ping I know Jason goes to be fast
and loves it
josh is a big fan of B fests I can't
imagine they'll do another episode just
cuz there's not a lot more to say but
Jackanory spend more time watching other
people playing this game than waiting in
bushes and pub gee I can't help the
early success in this game right all
right I've been watching the older
streams on Friday 13th on YouTube how do
you guys feel about this game now it has
any feelings this game changed since I
know I still like it
mmm quite a bit yeah I've stopped
playing it but not because I dislike it
just because I'm playing other things
fine better paying better paying
CIM axion kept his pride he ran away but
you know he kept he kept his life he
kept his life and isn't that what's
important he survived they did not get
the Jason he denied them the Jason kill
how are people finding baby how does
that work I mean read the names Thomas
first are you sure he found here is it
just random is his name just x festival
no I mean like but he doesn't know that
he might not know this is you how likely
is that that he doesn't know that this
is you yeah
40% likely Punk site and I think that's
another name
from the I don't know how are you how
you get in on someone else's game I
don't I don't know how that works
apparently it can work sounds festival
stream sniping oh they're saying he
knows he knows believe me he knows oh
okay a a comically smallest amaze we
just get a private man shot at this play
economically smaller scre oh no were
there gone
we should all play what so we should all
play chat here come on if we're all the
chadster we can't lose plus you could
the only way you can kill Jason is with
Chad always Chad I am oh yeah
next we'll be doing conga lines yeah I
love eggs chod remember sky remember
Scarface joined right right may it'll go
for front kill right yeah
talks about this not working your pugsy
button my right button on room
this knob I can that wasn't affecting up
there's girls there's one two three four
five there's five girls for girls for
girls
I saw three at a glance that's all for I
saw at least four Oh steam drop down
menu in friends list lets you join their
game
remember get some yeah yeah these four
ladies she said I've got the new
Ghostbusters had insane
oh how terribly wrong of them I gotta
find the others I'll live extreme slag
all right yep of course you are yeah
that'd be extremely dishonorable
I'm gonna drop this off another car well
you know as long as you're as long as
you're doing stuff will you guys do a
follow up front in Turkey video when the
single player comes out ah maybe might
not be worth doing a video on
I suspect is gonna be this with really
crappy BOTS
sure it's gonna be the worst BOTS
they're like running circles yeah and
that's
if it actually ever comes out machete
would be grand - I will take a pocket
knife
and a radio I need things yeah well yeah
I need a bunch of things yeah preach it
you need to all the things man like you
gotten right now you got oh there you go
so the car has battery and gas
sameer it I can't fix it on Bugsy right
what a time to be Bugsy yeah I know
doesn't about a fun matches Debra but if
you got a radio then you can say hey
y'all
I haven't seen a good American comedy in
a while even though it's a bit of the
schmaltz might have recommended the big
sick fine American comedy it's a you
know it's obviously it's I could draw my
aspects of comedy but it's it's very
funny and heartwarming and
heart-wrenching actually dirty you know
speaking of wet hot American summer
directed by Michael Showalter I sick
do I have my hatchet this Bugsy what's
that
I got a plus 46 damage with the ads I
don't know if I'm I have that book in
use right now oh that would be fantastic
map
you know what I couldn't hear that what
did you have
okay Oh God
Bugsy and repair work Oh God is her
repair sad any better yeah okay both of
our repair stats suck I think we just
need to do the gas and the battery at
the same time what do I think of Bradley
Cooper post nose job that's the that's
the best joke they could make there Wow
well I I understood the DJ's you masked
a bit from from a first day of camp I
think this is the better option I know
it's awful
she's so used to Deborah this is a joke
one thing
you got this you got this you got this
you got this you got this
this you have a weapon gun
I'm out of here
basic skills motherfuckers bye
by nice those sweet skills
oh my god that do anything
you know that was one more that wasn't
even a full match that was two pretty
pretty pretty disappointing ending this
right there we got one more we got one
more fucking Jason ragequitting it
wasn't two seater
pairs of two get out right you
understand the four seater being upset
but by the way that was some very good
driving like that was it that was a good
job it was not an off-roading adventure
no but it was it was it was a quality
Juke whoo I wanted to go on the attack
but Jason was not showing up I was
finding all the fucking car parts we're
gonna do will you do we're gonna do what
you can do you're gonna get out in the
cars what you're gonna do I'm probably
gonna sneeze in a bit I feel it oh there
we go
cuz untied good thank you thank you no
I'm here brick Jager I'm here I'm
waiting for her I'm waiting for some
exciting to happen let's see here
according to Robyn says Jack should I
move to Madison do you recommend a
30-year fixed-rate mortgage or a 15-year
a RM what's a good debt to income ratio
what's your preferred escrow agent in
Madison and Dane County yes yes No 30 25
judge or jhiera finna wits is your
scroll lock if you have scroll lock
enabled then you have a higher chance to
be Jason
is that like press f2 altercation and
whatever it is you can guarantee me
Jason if you press alt f2
I gotta get out of here now
radio pocketknife for all useful things
that I could stand to have hey radio
boom bug Zig gets the radio oh all right
backup plan
yeah we call that classic black up
backup in land a black up plan because
it's Bugsy I haven't even drank I'm just
like I have a leftover drunk for my week
in Rhinelander some slurring my words a
black up plan yeah
oh okay and guns going over to put trap
on Jack Packard been timed out for 600
seconds I know the only is in my defense
only slightly racist so you know not
full-blown so we got that going for us
what just set of trap down on your left
here give me the phone is near here you
hear that hears music Stuart it's too
early for stock right I'll bet you the
phones by the group nope aye-aye
oh hey Elliot wrapped and that looks
like - at least I phone is like double
or triple trapped I just dropped the
fuse down by it
I'm Bugsy anyway so I couldn't really
fix it Thanks good call up good call on
phone is your hotel my phone aspirin
water camp phones and spring water I
rich picked up the fuse and I wanted to
say that that was a fine back-up plan
but instead just just just move on well
this is crazy
just just let it go someone wanted to
know what I said and I want this one
back they didn't know you said it's
perfect you don't tell them again I
suppose saying it again we're just like
doubled up okay you're right no around I
mean to wrap you're absolutely right
let's see here's Superman VP it says you
guys you guys recently spoke Faber
favorably wow you guys recently spoke
favorably of the hypothetical
possibility of a multiplayer predator
game
did we I have no recollection of it yeah
I have zero record levels
to be fair we say a lot of things
resistance that was a trick that was a
trick that was a no wait soundboard uh
his mask is off by the way I can't
believe you oh that's so that's a
dastardly cheat right there
yeah that's destur they've got the
engine startup sound - how do you feel
about that
that's bullshit that's also kind of
brilliant but most efficient swing
okay mind dying right now stunt I think
that Jason's got stunned resistance is a
perk yeah so what happened there is when
you're Jason and someone is trying to
fix say the telephone they're trying to
put the fuse in the fuse box yeah and
they make a mistake it goes up it makes
that phone off the hook noise and that's
your cue is Jason to go check who's
fixing the phone someone that had a
sound board that just played that sound
so when they were next to Jason Jason
thought someone was repairing the phone
box but no one was I've seen it before
I've seen it before dastardly yeah
absolutely dastardly I don't know I
can't that's cheating it's it's fucking
cheating no I'm trying to I'm trying to
look at all sides anyways I'm trying to
make a justification for it it's filthy
it's fucking filthy yeah
Tiffany keeps trying fixed it you're I
mean you're right jet that it's very
clever to you yes it is very clever to
me and that's what I'm getting tossed up
on it's like it's very clever somebody
do that first time yeah and you thought
oh that's so clever everyone starts
doing it yeah and it's bullshit that's
the difference
come tremendous is Jack here's some
money please clarify your backup
statements
mountain girls there will be no kill if
they get out
unless they drive to the shack
Zach
nice oh except for that's not an exit
yes she knows enough to drive but there
you go
I did my job I figured I was gonna die
but I'm the bud see yeah I take the mask
off
yeah do as much damage as I can i I
haven't really confirmed it but I have
heard that the more gravity takes off
the easier it is to stop oh okay okay
hey used to do a little extra damage on
him which is what I was doing you got
the mascot and I got the mask off I let
them know him
they had girls and Tommy my job was done
yeah did you get the best offender
Maxon says I'm really sorry I ran away
and we forget to Maxine you were just
trying to stay alive
sometimes even the killer's gotta say we
forgive you forgive you I you know what
I could say you can't do that twice in a
row I mean twice in a row oh I know just
some shit luck man
no worries Maxine oh wait I have an idea
whoa
time to get out of here oh look at that
this is what you shit look at that what
is happening this game what is happening
here did she get out of a possible death
because of a glitch this is crazy I love
this I love this
this is one of the best graphical
glitches I have ever seen in this game
look at that I fucking love it
up
I mean you gotta love that look at that
Oh always behind the guardrail wow that
is great that was a great graphical
glitch I'm glad we got yeah we're not
gonna get that game we're not gonna get
that awesome moments and unfortunately
that's as good at places we're gonna get
with weird graphical glitch
unfortunately I'm just gonna do it
you're just gonna hit the button to
start another match full we come says
just found out today is the 35th
anniversary of Jason donning his mask
stream it till midnight to celebrate
Ossie Baker says hey guys Jack a great
job in the new plinker review I mean
that sincerely you nailed it rich your
cocaine diet is going well I see lol
looking thinner every video peace and
love thank you thank you all right well
while rich is playing uh I guess we'll
well you what I'm gonna double it up
oh wait wait I don't think you're on the
game
no wait wait wait wait wait a shit
alright I guess I'm Bugsy but now you
did something to OBS oh hold on all
right so while rich plays a little bit
we will you know some going away music
well thank all the people who subscribe
to us much like sneaker II Beth
eponymous 38 motherfucking months in a
row glorify blah but was it LaVon LaVon
LaVon says play overwatch need some
stream fists action actually been a
while since I played overwatch of too
many other things to play crunky
emblematic pop says bababooey bababooey
bababooey there you go
twenty-year-old Howard Stern me it's
like a 30 year old Howard Stern me man
Wow van Rijn has subscribed for 15
months in a row ins as welcome back Jack
thank you thank you for having me back
John is a gem tim johnson jumped in 89
for 23 fucking months in a row says hi
guys jack
after discovering Earlham my sister and
i thought your name was Frank for months
if your name wasn't Jack would you like
to be called Frank where would you hit
Frank from I don't know no I don't think
I would like Frank catch the name you
were given that's that's the other thing
is you know I'm sure if I was called
Frank from the beginning and everything
would be fun your name Frank you would
feel the exact same way about Jack
exactly but as it stands right now I
prefer not to be a Frank full weekends
what L&C; robot powers you were Jason
muttered czar green for thirty two
fucking months in a row and mature green
says with everyone clamoring for a mic
stream and do you think it would be
possible to stream something he would
enjoy I really don't I risk board game
pool or darts at his favorite bar
bowling at isn't it no it's the
streaming party the winner this is
exciting to go out on he'll juice this
is the yeah the DLC Jason yeah or the
Kickstarter for the Kickstarter Jason
yeah chip you're real I can't check out
more names which means I'm certainly
gonna lose so a ravu lence ravu lence
is the name i have but i can't scroll
down at the moment cuz rich wanted to
play more of the game wow so we're gonna
know so you know we're gonna do wow
we're gonna we're gonna wait we're gonna
wait because i'm a patient person and i
think that's okay that rich wanted to
play another game that's nothing wrong
with it and i think i think me sitting
here is encouraging there's nothing
wrong there's nothing wrong with wanting
to play more of a game you enjoy
jack is still in vacation mode
maybe ish we just got back yesterday
so yeah you know still still normalizing
usually it takes a day or two day to
normalize once Jack babbling about many
you know what I've seen speaking of
Ozzie back for a house Baxter was saying
you know like that they they enjoyed my
performance in the blinker view I've
seen a lot of people say that they've
enjoyed my impression of Paul Feig oh
that's very good and I have been unsure
whether or not that has just been a joke
like because the wig is so bad well
that's not the impression though oh I
know but I was talking to Mike Mike you
have a wig right he's like I got away no
problem I have Mike in fact called it a
Feig wig Mike told me he had a big wig
and it looks nothing like Paul's at the
exam but I think for my part of the
impression yeah it was it was as best as
I could
that is fantastic yeah
it's a fantastic love it's a fantastic
level wig absolutely
just a two-seater a kristen wiig I get
it I get it
and get all of it it's great if you can
ride that bicycle you just just leave
with it right away not having to do
anything no no it's you can't escape
with it it just makes you move faster
okay yeah but there's only one basically
you got it or maybe there's like a jump
you could go off
have you listened to ski masks the thing
you think is some baby wipe what I have
no idea what that is no what a counselor
as a counselor killing trap which means
as a team killer around here I'm done
I'm done
all right rest of the names we should I
ended it earlier jag you were you were
1,000% read that we had the fun
graphical glitch and I know like that
wasn't as big and bombastic as some of
our endings are but that's I know that's
that's what we had you know sometimes
you just got to work with what you got
rich Wow Wow
I came back to see richer ragequit into
ending the stream yeah revelant
dr. chug but mud baba yaga Wawa for 20
fucking months and her roses Oh baby
baby driver angry belly striker 1 121
427 fucking months into roses pub G or
bust y'all boop boop
that's me bringing my bringing my horn
oh my my truck horn this is the first
string that Friday the 13th is let us
down maybe I think every other Friday 13
string we've had at least one like a
clippable moment amazing yeah no no
getting it you know what getting a
little rum bum drum maybe we'll end it
but also we only played it for an hour
yeah so you know like there wasn't there
wasn't that yeah that thing and it's in
that fact the real net boy for 16 months
in a row says intense cat-and-mouse
action it's fun with a group
it's always wrong with the group yeah
Egon Wow nine one seven a bungo dog for
35 fucking months in a row says this is
like that time rich screamed my baby
thank you I have no idea stain we says I
can't puked on me I'm sorry I'm so sorry
thank you for sharing though we
appreciate that
well I send us says why couldn't the
toilet paper cross the road it got stuck
in a crack just the stream was just
getting the this end of the stream she's
getting worse and worse it just keeps
getting worse we got butt jokes now
though so we got that going for us
spider-man 67 that's cute that's great
upgrade anyone spambot 88 says woo eight
months six six ups mr. OHS man morose
men or em rose man capitals are very
important there's many options for your
name bars one and one Sturm says give as
good as you get yep the Walter melon
summary 7 mr. bunk death John mr. Alex
Reynolds who says I feel awful renewing
during this stream because it might
encourage Jack's choice of game worked
out in the end as soon as that we got
grouped together and we were chatting
absolutely
some fun with it I I concede that me
playing pub G by myself can be rather
boring I can see that William Thomas
Edmund says hey guys you know a word /
term for what a creator subsequent work
tarnishes the earlier work you enjoyed
matrix equals tainting the original
matrix the hobbit making jackson's
miller mystic and Malamud melodramatic
ism is that what they're saying I think
that's what the automatic ism lotr
annoying mass effect etc Oh interesting
jumping the shark but that's not really
but that doesn't wait the idea is
something so awful that it actually
affects the other work that you already
enjoyed I don't believe they're very
rare it's very rare it's very rare I've
been trying to coin a term lately yeah
for the the work we were talking about
this about sequels and prequels and I've
been trying to find the term for the
work that starts a series on a new
timeline a reboot
that heard Siri in there somewhere
apparently this is just a reaper
oh no but it but it's also connected to
an older timeline like Star Trek like
Star Trek no it's a reboot right but
it's still connected to the old timeline
the the other oh that's a reboot that's
trying to trick you into thinking it's
not a reboot right but the the other
example would be the x-men movies there
there remember we were talking about
this the x-men x-men Age of Apocalypse
is a sequel to first class which is a
prequel to the other x-men movies look
the x-men are all about confusing
horseshit that's true and to me that's
just in character that convoluted and
timeline altering nonsense that's just
that just go that's an x-men thing right
in my book sure
gee shots 435 fucking months in a row
says hi Bush Jack from Queen rich Wow
almost three years of prereq you guys
provides such fun streams for so little
I really appreciated keep up the good
work and here's to three more fun years
Thank You G shots and and only three
only three had my heart attack and it's
over man hugs auto flagellate ER poke
Alex in the eye says new daughter home
from the NICU baby snorts in one ear
rich Evans is laughter in the other life
is good well congratulations
Polk Alex in the eyes stop lying to
yourself
no it's all fucking over and out baby in
one ear rich Evans in the other that's
great sounds like a fucking nightmare
kids that kids ooh rough but I'm glad it
makes me very happy
VX 135 seems like errands with me right
yaks 135 14 months in a row ice drop
dooby sandwich sounds ready hey rich
every red summer yet I was hearing some
interesting things about saga alright I
finally know how to manually research
bribe hope I don't forget to do so next
month glad to see you back in action
Jack maybe someday you will be the
number one survivor and pub pug by
that's what they wrote Popeye I'm hoping
I'm hoping for one day getting that
winner winner chicken dinner
I'd like at least one before I stop
playing I'd like at least one winner
winner chicken dinner
anything's possible now that rich had
his first Jason kill that's true that's
really true
anything's but anything's possible yeah
swagalicious pipes hey pipes my pub
gfriend cradle 23 overs delvis for 37
motherfucking months in a row says welp
I'll never get that time back
never ever it's true desert Ocelot ah
Fresno Bob says thanks for the bonus
hours ladies take my sub epidemics
missing a box
yep knocks that's fine Zack no oars Ike
no I think this is like no psych no says
I was just at a thing and I realized
that everyone else was invited to a
dinner thing and I was not so no
terrible sorry so you know so thanks for
giving me something to dude since I
don't have any real friends and Jack I
want more film story I want more film
stories for you I got a few I got a few
that I haven't shared yet now the
problem is remembering them you know you
got to be prompted into something yeah
remember is funny like that it is
Chernobyl kids been in for 28 fucking
month cirrhosis
why do you keep playing pub G though I
cuz i genuinely enjoy it I gotta say
this for today the stream was better
when we're playing pub G as opposed to
one we're playing Friday the 13th which
it's kind of miserable this night but
kinda miserable it was only better while
playing pub G when we were playing with
other people
yeah when I was playing by myself stream
was dead other people we were having fun
we're going kicking ass dead again yeah
Z's Jose lessons of life that we will
learn I think I fees this says protip
don't die that's the prototype of life
man our mmm armpit of our LM armpit baby
okay my name is tape 26 fucking monstro
double Atari that's so we're just a
tease nerd porn is what that is double
Atari double Atari oh who is that some
Atari an Atari action I don't know where
I'm going with that
looking forward okay mister what got
some who you could plug one Atari into
the other party's back port is that
where you going I don't know where I
don't know I don't know where it just
sounded like Hornish that's right hurry
in the name I was trying I was trying
what what kind of sex act is a double
Atari Oh
oh you mean like it's exactly yeah I was
picturing two Ataris having sex like one
on top of the other Atari like putting
its ports into its ports well taking it
out and blowing on it wasn't a thing win
the Atari age right that's what that's
what you call the NES when you take it
out and she blows it on it was the Atari
and eight technically an 8-bit system
that's yeah that isn't NES it isn't NES
I don't know what was the Ataris thing
it's it's a lot of they had then they
had their little blobs right there so
it's like they got they got the three
that's the three little things right
yeah the double Atari is when you when
there's a woman and you just take six
fingers cuz it's gotta be the double
three from each hand and just go right
in there that's I don't wait you're like
a child
Lindsay yo yo yo
goose mystery shopping shop unqualified
bard says great job of the blanket
sketches can't wait to read more on
original jokes in the comments
they're always there don't worry them
Len the flak since Keyes has anyone
excited for Logan lucky Jack Thor
doesn't come out till November not
August sorry Lynn I don't know the dates
people are places Logan lucky no I'm not
it's not the Wolverine lucky charms
crossover yeah you can't catch me silly
rabbit
hey whoa Wolverine claws are for kids I
know you have the wrong cartoon mascots
girls no like it Logan lucky is is
ocean's 11 at a NASCAR yeah no I have no
I don't care
we won shock did acts 4:31 fucking
months in a row
yesterday I was in a car accident
currently celebrating gift of life
by watching you guys wahoo thanks 2x
hopefully hope you don't hope you don't
know have complications from getting in
that car get your neck checked out
whiplash is a real thing get it checked
out your next go see a doctor Veronica
in transit double-oh-seven rules this
has been watching since the birth of
Sonny bonds voice thanks for everything
from you and rlm as a whole
well thanks double-oh-seven rules mega
dawg 14 ah
where are miller for twenty four fucking
months in a row and our mother says I'm
sorry I wasn't here busy watching Denise
Richards and Paul Walker in Tammy and
the t-rex aka a genuine national
treasure
absolutely active 1x
oh and team planket thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it it's
true we really do okay yeah so it's the
back to Atari I'm thinking it has more
to do with twiddling
