Episode 840
The Dream Team
September 1, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n8ci2qDqnpo
___________________________________________

oh yeah well shit see this is the good
part so now I can have a team of just
Mario Luigi and Peach which is all I
wanted in the first place look at those
guys well sewn together cool hats
adorable you can up heave heavy rabid
statues okay okay so now we can do that
great you got the new artificial barrier
removed yep that's not an actual that's
not a real power we can't use it
anywhere else except for in the
artificial barrier may as well just be
fucking keys or just gates that open
after you beat a boss absolutely all
right let me get mine let me get my
dream team here dupa dance rabid are we
done or did you want to start a mission
with three wait why can't I be peach
take Luigi off
are you seeing this shit did you fuck
they won't they force you to choose at
least one rabid the rabbits are stupid
this game is getting the worst review
I've ever given of a game I promise you
for that alone let me fucking be Mario
Luigi and Peach I worked hard what the
dream was dead
to him a dream is dead