Episode 841
FTJ: Faster Than Jason
September 2, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G8McwH4SaxQ
___________________________________________

[A] I'm people can see what we're doing
hello hello we on this thing on all
right I got I got FTL up on here
you'll love FTL right
sure I know you love I got a little
tired of looking at Jason so I'm gonna
play that later I'm sorry
how's it gonna happen oh we need a ship
kara what ship what ship do you like I
have everything unlocked on this bass
cuz the steam edition what ship do you
like Bren um anyone but like this one I
play this but a lot I just kind of play
this one I know what the red one looks
like a crab leg right well with the crab
legs it's what we got all right you get
to select people from the chat to be
named Karen oh there's a guy you can
determine this however you want like you
can ask them to amuse you or however you
want to do this
sure amuse me no reason to use your name
first person to amuse Karen - it was the
one who said Jack's a clown so he must
taste funny everyone's just gonna say
I've always liked combo cabbage patches
name there's a room how many characters
can you have I'm Bertos fine okay I'll
put in humberto see maybe it'll take it
no he's just see I'm gonna see out so we
have from Berto all right next person oh
how about taco Fox because I'm sure
that's some kind of double attacked but
I don't know whether it's I don't know
what it means but I'm sure it's
something dirty all right all right
person number three
dr. ramen he says he's a doctor that
specializes in cooking noodles come on
that's a useful specialty ramen
all right last person Kelly Pat says
they need this job to pay for their
anime addiction and they're begging me
so ke Li PP o t ke l I'm PPO t1 l or to
100k piece one all to piece Kelly Kelly
pop-up yeah all right all right name of
the ship this doesn't have to be a
person we just need a name for the ship
krabby patty the krabby patty
yeah the krabby patty it is right we'll
be playing unnormal you know anyway
they're named sour grapes no it'd be
funny if their name were sour grapes it
would all right so we got a mentorship
we have a captain nitpick but no sour
grapes oh they would have been a good
captain for your ship oh well too late
where's unpause jump Joe yeah we are in
normal normal is your pussies fuck off
oh no I'm pickle Hitler thay hopes that
something awful happens to me
wow-whee look here's the here's the plan
the night I'm doing one run of FTL I
don't know
Manta ship and this is a an airless
Scout ship we can't board it that's
unfortunate
this don't look very insect io and then
after FTL I'm doing more Friday than
13th god damnit I think Jake is still on
vacation part two or else he's
recovering from vacation part two
or maybe he picked up rabies from his
mom's dog I don't know he'll be back
Sunday right should be
that's pretty easy
they want to know rich your opinion on
the Friday the 13th patch news I don't
know anything about the patch news
what is the patch news other people are
saying that the screen is getting cut
off and they can't see the left half of
the screen
alright I'll fix it the second I was
gonna say forever what was my reaction
too rich telling me he makes Internet
videos as a decrepit old man with a
broken VCR I've known rich quite a while
I knew rich before during and after his
stint as decrepit old man it's kind of
so during yeah let's not let's not jump
the gun just yet it's all over kid well
sometimes blanket is you and sometimes
blanket is Mike and the whole thing is
kind of confusing oh I respect rich less
now that he is a Sony executive as far
as I know he isn't but Sony executive
sounds like it's good paying so
congratulations rich blanket is Mike
Evans alright we'll get a ship we can
actually board this time no more team
killing and counselors will be able to
emote wait no more team killing no no
that's part of the game
how do I feel about dating someone who
gradually became a celebrity well this
is small Cecil of Verdun yeah
also I'm glad that he's able to do
something that he enjoys instead of
doing something that he doesn't enjoy
simply to make money we're gonna
reassign some people all right there we
go
all right playing as a fucking mantis
ship I've not run across one ship we can
board okay here's our first tip and
watch it old best the worst episodes and
have to ask why did you just stop after
the W V world matrix and the amazing
bulk and just say fuck this fun to do as
miserable as it can be you'd miss it
so these ships have different
atmospheres don't you have like a
respirator or well they either have an
atmosphere or none and no for gameplay
reasons you can't wear a respirator you
just fucked I wanna know if you've ever
tried darkest dungeon a little bit yeah
wasn't so into the style of combat
there's a lot I liked about it oh that's
right the the screen thing what about
they want to know if you've seen Brolin
as cable makeup test shots Brolin those
who as cable makeup test channels I have
no idea I don't give a fuck about the
x-men or cable so it's not something
I've really looked into last time I
talked to your brother about German
stuff you really loved it well that's
cold um I'm making some kind of use out
of the four years of high school German
that I still remember oddly enough a
little of it's a cool language all
languages are cool the fact there are
different languages is cool cool kind of
an ambition just come beyond me and be
Essen what don't you say random shit get
it all right ash vs. Evil Dead I think
you've seen all of those ah liking it so
far
I don't TV show right yes liking it so
far I don't know what they're gonna do
for the next season kind of worried
about it yeah you know what
I could I could use these guys to delay
the rebels or I could just flat-out if I
stopped okay sorry no you're not go on
sorry
no you're not go out lissa greetings
from Germany and notice this is what
they're finding Staton I think okay I'm
kind of debating whether or not I should
fight these rebels or use them to fight
these pirates these these mercenaries or
use them to delay the rebels is that
like a hail Hydra logo probably inspired
by it but technically it's just a pirate
logo a purple octopus see yeah
oh wait a minute it's an octopus with
the like a skull like crossbones behind
it yeah sorry those aren't words like a
tentacle skull with crossbones because
octopuses have skulls well they're
aliens it's like an alien thing look I
may be alien ox
yeah I have skulls or maybe aliens have
octopi like faces have you thought about
that maybe don't think I've like no
squid they have like one-eyed octopuses
have two eyes can they want me to stop
abusing you am i abusing you in any way
shape or form
oh oh oh make it stop make it stop
really did you just say no how about I'm
fighting aliens are just humans with
bumpy heads it seems to work for the
Star Trek universe my day has been
lovely I hope yours just been as well
rich and karen says hyper hyper as
starters hyper Oscar is whatever
apologies rich and Karen I'm thinking of
going to Chicago what's your favorite
deep-dish place dear dot Giordano's Papa
Gino's any place you'd recommend for
Chicago dogs well I know I know what you
and your mother are super fond of pizza
it depends on and where you're going if
you're going to be anywhere near the
south suburbs there's a place called Lou
Malnati's that has fantastic deep-dish
pizza in my humble opinion Giordano's is
very good not dominos dear Dennis is
very good or Pizzeria Uno and pizzeria
do a downtown although they can be a bit
expensive and a bit crowded but yeah
O'Donnell's is definitely quality pizza
and Lou Malnati's is is very good but I
don't know I think Lou Malnati's is
mostly in the south suburbs
also a few if you want to get non
deep-dish I'm not sure why you would
want to get non deep-dish because
Chicago is all about the deep-dish but
beggars Pete's I think is one of the
better thin crust
yeah in the Chicago area and there's a
number of those around you good pizza
pretty much anywhere that's not chained
hot dogs you know I'm not I wouldn't say
I'm a hot dog kind of sewer necessarily
I mean Portillo's if you'd remember them
there they've got good hot dogs they've
got good everything they've got very
good grilled vegetable sandwiches in
general I'd say anything with Vienna
beef hot dogs it's probably a safe bed
long as you got a Vienna beef hot dog
and I and a nice fresh bond condiments
are kind of condiments
do I like beard rich better or baby's
face rich better
well the beard the beard looks a little
strange at first but then at one point
he went and shaved the beard and it was
like yep put the beard back I like the
beard it's like too much like a baby's
butt otherwise like a baby's butt huh a
typical Chicago dog add veggies and crap
like that well I like veggies I'm like a
everything but the kitchen sink on
sandwiches and food and stuff kind of
person but usually chicago-style hot
dogs involve pickles and sport peppers
and and celery salt and mustard tomato
onion potentially supposedly supposedly
it's an affront to Chicagoans if you ask
for ketchup but in truth pretty much any
hot dog stand in Chicago is gonna have
ketchup and nobody really gives us shit
if you ask for ketchup you like ketchup
get ketchup
rich do you remember Scarface the movie
uh yeah I remember Scarface that's the
reference in the play over here okay
the beard worked for Jonathan Frakes
Frank's babyface bum chin I liked his
butt babyface balm Jim though that
Jonathan Frakes was a cutie when he was
younger he's handsome still the beard is
an easy way to determine whether or not
it's a good or bad episode of TNG
Tiffany I agree with you
DJ demon that yellow mustard tends to be
an inferior product I tried to convince
rich of this once and accidentally found
out that he really hates mustard period
I got him some good brown mustard and he
hated it even worse but yeah yellow
mustard is usually inferior to uh it's a
nice coarse ground real mustard I have
not tried the processed horse penis and
Chinese people hotdog variety yet maybe
maybe in the future the far distance to
try it distant future we're gonna try it
ready try something that's something
stupid what do you think of the new Star
Trek Discovery trailer
I haven't even washed the show kind of
lost me before it even started
this is gonna work out great or horrible
that was risky I tried a boarding
procedure aa on a ship that was getting
ready to leave which means I could have
lost my crew when the ship left but we
were able to take down the ship before
that happened I know that that's all
over your head well I get the concept
ship leaves your people around there
they can't leave all the ship is moving
because they'll get hit by asteroids or
something well I try the Orville or skip
it oh I'm looking forward to the Orville
the Orville looks like it's going to be
a loving Star Trek parody in the vein of
shot of the Dead where it's kind of both
parody and it also obviously loves the
fuck out of the original material do you
think the formula of doom 2016 can be
approved improved upon I don't know what
I would do off the top of my head but
sure is gonna be maybe some kind of new
and interesting enemy all right Tiberius
I was wondering where you were you seem
like you're usually here and I'd noticed
that I didn't see your name this is bad
this is not the ship we want to fight I
don't want to see anything with a
fucking zoltán shield Cabbage Patch says
Karen rich told us have you told us you
got him drunk one drunk once or twice
what was rich like in is Annie Bree ated
state like rich slightly sillier but
like rich super what dumb wasn't really
expecting anything in particular
the the funniest story I've got about
that is when you had your wisdom teeth
taken out and you were like pretending
to flatline and protecting
diet stuff as a joke and just generally
big silly but that was you know whatever
they sedate you with for conscious
sedation for dental procedure fuck this
chicken buttocks chicken Mik buttocks
says do you think rich will ever name
you heiress to the rlm prereq fortune
he's not allowed to die ever
so it's irrelevant
Oh
hot hole home video says rich remember
Vietnam remember my mother yeah we
remembered as Vietnam like it was half a
decade before our birth I got some other
reference to something very old can I
tell rich an inside-joke
only you two would get hmm I have to
think about that I think of one I still
wouldn't do it I only got an aunt a
boarding drone that's not good rich yes
yes yes 20 bucks I know and we won't
explained it to you because it's an
inside joke
have we ever been on the kiss comic am
at a baseball game we have not and every
time we're at a baseball game I always
hope we will be I do gotta get ready so
we can guess if they but it's never
happened it never even happened at the
minor-league games we go to some of
which are far less attended than some of
the big big league games to get out a
fire off I want auto fire on now
Disney has their own convention now
obviously they will start their own
streaming service I read something today
that in I think it's in 2019 Disney is
parting ways with Netflix which I don't
really care because I mean like they
have wanna on there and they had Jungle
Book on there but for the most part like
all the Disney movies that you might
want to see the classic animated Disney
features are not on Netflix now it's
just like you know Disney Channel movies
aimed at 10 year olds which probably
have a huge annoying fan following but
I'm not really part of it they want to
know what sector you're on first I think
right now ii know this is the first not
I'll tell you service shortly and et and
then says they bought fto last night and
they loved it
oh this games great why'd it take you so
long I demand to know why it took you so
long
damn the Disney Vault awho if you
haven't seen the video about vault
Disney I suggest you do so Netflix
doesn't have it but other things do
sector 1
we're not Netflix Oh YouTube doesn't
have it though other things do decent
amount of scrap but that's what happens
when you do boarding Aladdin is your
favorite Ladin was a lens great Aladdin
because of Robin Williams it's good good
music - it's fun story lens all-around
good not just because it Robin Williams
baseball baseball accommodates all
levels of enjoyment from one to your
background noise to obsessive
statistical modeling it does it
definitely does it's also you know easy
to keep track of you can listen to it on
the radio or you can just have like
go-to MLB's you know thing and it'll
show you just the the pitches of stuff
and you can look at it every once in a
while and keep up with a game if you're
kind of half paying attention baseball
you can pay as much attention or as
little attention as you want to and
still kind of follow what's going on
pretty lucky focus stumbling yeah this
is well this is fairly Ural friendly
maybe I guess it's like midnight 43 or
something in in Deutschland and most of
Europe but it's not as ridiculously late
do the other heirloom dudes go to
baseball games probably not no geeking
out about unaffiliated minor league
teams that very few people in the world
care about us rich is a nice thing do we
ever go to Brewers games once in a while
we haven't been this year I love that
their stadium has a roof and if the
weather is shit you they just close it
up corn belters I have been we've been
to a corn belters game and normal I
think that they're stoned looking ear of
corn logo is kind of awesome
I wish I could get off their mailing
list every time I like unsubscribe from
one of their mailing lists somehow
another a new one sprouts up and I'm
getting more mail for the corn belt errs
which you know I don't live anywhere
near normal nothing against them I just
live anywhere near them mantis is your
favorite team where's mantis in front of
the brew crew are fighting for first
yeah they're there they and the Cubs are
neck-and-neck but whichever one of them
ends up taking the division is
definitely going to have to step up
their game if they want to win
you know this good night and and also
much fun with Friday the 13th thank you
Condor man one
oh the White Sox are unbelievably awful
this year
yeah that's life yeah I kind of I kind
of tried out to think about it too much
the Dodgers they're the ones in like
with like the 700 that the Dodgers are
that though yeah I think it's the
Dodgers somebody's got a record over
right now that's like 700 something
which is just on Godley yeah the Sox are
definitely in full rebuild they're there
and why not I mean what they're doing
what they were doing is not working
do I like National League rules or
American League rules better other than
the designated hitter thing I don't know
what much different another difference
well I think questions do you prefer the
BH or not yeah
tentatively and there's more strategy
with this there is more strategy a lot
more yeah punting and whatnot
I guess question is do you like watching
aging sluggers crank out home runs or do
you prefer watching
titters pitchers fun strategically right
h3o plus basically in the difference
between what we're talking about is in
the American League and the teams that
are in the American League the pitcher
doesn't bat when it's the pitchers turn
in the rotation when everybody but the
pitcher has batted they have a
designated hitter who does it in the
National League that pitcher bats as
well here are my thoughts about the
ditch I like it as like something that
separates the Ale from the net from the
arc numerically from the National League
it's like they have their own identity
thanks to the D H I like that you can
make an argument that it when it comes
down to the World Series and interleague
play but more importantly the World
Series it's a pretty major handicap to
the American League team because they
play in the National Park yeah but they
don't they don't cultivate a designated
hitter designated hitter designated
hitter designated hitter

[B] they don't have someone on the roster
why can I get anything else but you hit
good and then when it comes time in the
world series they need to designate
someone as a hitter well I don't really
but it's a disadvantage for the American
League teams in the National League park
because they're their pitchers hardly
ever
there's always fuckin bunt or something
stupid anyway some of them I mean you
know I mean like Carrie what did a
homerun in one of the playoff games
there are pictures who there have been
multiple pitchers who did not suck ass
at pitching
I love batting what I love I am blessed
to but it isn't I'm not working with any
kind of strategy where that would be
useful I'm thinking if I get a drone
control ship I might find a boarding
drone at some point and that would go
well with what I'm doing
yes calling it the World Series when
it's 29 US teams and one Canadian team
is indeed silly I think it's the only
sport that does that though the fire
drone if I can find some rock men fire
drone and rock men as a boarding party
oh god that would be badass that would
be badass
don't you agree Karen that's your part
it's great keep reading keep reading
that's what I'm here for
it's my function in life your function
is to talk to the chat will I get
absorbed into the game how was our
one-eyed fish he's doing okay we
explained the whole story about our how
he briefly go over it again okay so we
have a we have we had a 15 gallon tank
and now we have a 15 gallon tank and a
10 gallon tank and the 15 gallon tank
has danios a beta a couple of Amano
shrimp and a snail one of the the
smallest Daniel was getting harassed by
his
Heol not a school yeah apparently a show
is a fact that he has one I tells you
everything you need to know they've
basically been killing one of their own
and we wanted to stop that from
happening so we put them in our
isolation tale - we don't know if they
ate his eye but they definitely ate his
tail know when I'd fish is not a
euphemism for anything else this is a
fluorescent yellow fish one of those
genetic freaks the glow fish Daniel's so
we put him in an isolation tank and he
grew his tail back we tried to put him
so anyway we wanted to set up a second
tank anyway so we set up a second tank
with nano fish with Guppies and Cory
cats and some more shrimp and there's a
bunch of pond snails in there that we
might have to do something about at some
point so we he started going after the
Guppies and we put him back in with the
danios and they herded him into like was
about two square inches in the corner so
right now he's back in with the danios
but if he starts messing with the with
the Guppies we might have to like
euthanize him or something because it's
not really fair to him to have him in a
two and a half gallon isolation tank by
itself the other danios want to kill him
so he better be nice to the Guppies yeah
he's still kicking he's a little fighter
missing an eye he was missing half his
tail but that grew back
I only got four drones I don't know that
drone control is worth it right now I
think I need to go all in on boarding
well I mean yes what Laker tickets
course but I just can't we just can't
watch the danios slowly and tortuously
torturously eat pieces of this other
Danny oh well he suffers the other
because somebody's a baby other Daniels
weren't picking on Anna maybe was
starting shit and losing I don't know he
spent a lot of time hiding he was he
spent most of his time in that back
whenever he came out they'd be all over
him yeah most I'm hiding behind me he
almost died hiding because he got caught
Ned we had around the filter house Kevin
senior r2 unit explode that sounds like
a that sounds like if that's that dirty
it sure sounds like it
Danno a fish from Hawaii five-o maybe oh
we had the flushing or eat him groan
groan do something like a board
do we do it we'd do it again
did we do it again we're gonna do it
again rich tell us the most politically
incorrect joke you know yeah we're gonna
start a nuclear war I don't have any on
hand it's just like a joke remember the
fish would eat me if I had the chance he
might but you know without any malice
just go op clop clop clop the beta I
think already wants to eat me whenever I
open the thing and I start like putting
little pieces of food in he jumps up and
tries to ties to take him straight out
of my finger you can take out the rest
of the screw any time the guy's won a
cow would not eat me and everyone I care
about but a deer might I've seen videos
of deer eating birds and what's on farty
scary
Texas pain here am i my bait is really
chill he leaves everybody else alone he
just doesn't give a shit he cares about
food about food and chilling out on a
fake plant
feels like a toilet flushing yeah we got
fires and I got no censors on this ship
which I should probably invest in if I
want to get full you said that mind
control I wasn't thinking about that no
I haven't tried the mirror thing with
the baby yet I imagine he might flip out
then again he might not I mean he just
spends his time either either swimming
around trying to find food or just
laying half upside down on a plant so
you think he's dead rich it would be
really nice to see you try the hard mode
mmm maybe with some practice haven't
played too much in a while Anonymous's
here's money so at least someone profits
from my solitude and unemployment you
expensive hacks $0.10 per characters
more expensive than a sex hotline but
also more enjoyable I'll give you that
ten cents per carat is that what the tip
works out to I don't think so if the tip
is two dollars and it was ten cents a
character it would be twenty characters
there's probably more than 20 words
there there you go we're not tightwads
see you were wrong about everything and
everyone
oh they're saying it's a cent per
character 200 character limit
if you want to find a way to use every
character and get your money's worth you
can go right ahead although if you want
me to read it aloud you probably should
put some spaces in there so it's legible
well there's my if I ever considered
being in on a wheel the worst episode
maybe someday I'm not a huge fan of bad
movies damn it
maybe I could just be like Vanna White
and I could just spin the wheel for you
and now we need to do some repairs rich
has anyone ever told you you look like
Les Stroud from Survivorman no I would
the fuck is list route
I guess he's the guy from Survivor man
okay
every rock man I love me some
teleporters
if this game was a hot pocket what
flavor would it be I said crab flavor
please Karen best of the worst has
devolved into a total sausage fest I
have never hurt you guys referred to as
the sausage fest before googling stroud
damn stroud sure wishes he looked like
rich so completely changing the subject
I got a book out from the library I'm
reading called the ghost map it's about
the cholera epidemic in London and I
finally kind of think I know the
difference between mud larks Tosh's and
Knights oilmen there was like a whole
economy revolving around guard recycling
garbage and shit for money in London in
the Victorian era
alright shet do we want a mantis or a
rock man
what are we looking for zoo dish what's
the what's the assignment
Rockman alright we're going with the
rock men
yeah it's nonfiction
all right Jenny Otis have a gender ratio
issue we need two to three females for
every male where the males will harass
the females I always assume perhaps
incorrectly that our big fat purple
Daniel was a female and just up until
recently she had been completely
dominating every other Daniel in there
yeah and the other one is is shaped just
like that Danielle also probably female
that is now the leader of the pack and
cephalo is one I saw me over there I
need to name two other people her quelle
Wolverine I'm Steph lol oh I forgot
how's it spelled I don't know how they
spell it but like encephalitis and Seth
the latest
almani and stuff a and stuff oh okay
alright someone else whatever reasoning
you want you can ask them a question you
can make them tap-dance Texas panhandler
Texas all right what else we got are you
from the Panhandle who do you want Oh
another one
yeah uh we got there was one person I
forgot the name we got two from that
last run that last attack ultime sir
they raised their hand and isn't that
polite all the major it is oh that's
amazing yeah all right what are your
stats like pretty good pretty good
you can go here and and you can wait in
the oxygen room cuz why not I lost am I
gonna have any vibration room listen
yeah life's basically life support
detector pirate they do not have medbay
all those fools Jack is on vacation Jack
will be coming back though
again they take the same the same
menagerie along with them this time I
have no idea I have no idea and the in
the thick of things here in the thick of
things
all right I think you might have gone to
the farm I don't know where the farm is
I think for this run I could I could
really use a cloning bay oh boy
oh that fires in my ship well that's not
good well I got rock gun what am I
worried about it for is that like a
force field around your ship that
honeycomb pad yeah
shields standard standard Star Trek
procedure
humor K famine is the cause of wars and
Wars the cause of famines it kind of
works both ways
unfortunately do I like this game I've
never actually played it it's great it's
kind of boring to watch but then yeah
damn that is boring to watch this fight
at the 13th though I am you bring the
watch is Friday the 13th at boring watch
you kidding
kill kill kill run run run oh no no
you're thinking call of duty who will
survive how do they survive that's
Friday the 13th is about what do they
what do you think of removing team
killing and three smaller maps well I
think he already said that's not like
the idea of removing team killer that's
part of the game how do they remove it
they just make it impossible to kill
team mate yeah what happens with a
standard for the car
so right when you alright with this in
from the car okay I figured team kill
meant you're cooperating to kill
something does team kill me you're
killing your teammates yes why would you
do that take this pot in the car to get
out more frequently because you're a
jerk
Tamagotchi stream you can probably find
a version of that for a computer is that
the only thing they're changing in the
update chat what what else is being
altered I can't imagine that's it
I know goodbye what I like I mean I
don't have any taste I'm not much of a
gamer spoiler maps also free emotes for
michaelis people smaller maps like new
maps smaller versions of the maps no
these are all terrible ideas they're
replacing all the weapons in the game
with walkie-talkies I set a reference to
ET rich I was not aware that you weren't
executive at Sony neither was he haha
that the day before
beautiful and unique alright who wants
to be this person who's going to kicked
off my shift the minute we find a better
crew member currently in progress our
three new map variants 40% smaller
promote faster paced gameplay and eight
being added for free as well in an
upcoming patch again if we can disable
the smaller maps on I'm okay with that
I don't want faster gameplay I don't
even think that would work good
oh are we picking new names yes I think
it's a terrible idea uh psychedelic
chainsaw he or she says he or she will
die for the cause which is probably true
sec Jane no no that's a bad deal for me
so they so listen Frances like Vaughn
dirty the whatever 13 is in French what
I'm just wondering if the French call it
like Vaughn Judi the whatever 13 those
are Friday 13th is a superstition even
making it makes any kind of sense in
France I don't know they might have a
different name just out of necessity I
figured the superstition around the
number 13 is probably pretty universal
in Europe Zoltan super shields mantis
they're gonna be on the same playing
field with fighting Evangeline super
shields valve on dirty is Friday because
luis von dirty was the the uncle which
is kind of cute in Friday the 13th the
series which had nothing to do with
Friday the 13th and Jason Mart is 13
that's what Tuesday
the game's called Tuesday the 13th it's
Vaughn dirty 13 something about
murdering Knights Templars in Friday the
13th is that why I thought 13 was just
like I don't know I figured if their
team was like supposed to be an unlucky
number because in Argentina is called
Tuesday the 13th that's interesting I
figured that the 13th thing I didn't
know why Friday specifically but I
figured the whole 13 thing that's
because 12 is like kind of like a
special number due to a number of
cultures and 13 is like you know more
than 12 but then I'm gonna win at 11
someone is in in Spanish in
spanish-speaking countries or Latin
influence countries it's Tuesday the
13th fucked his day that's interesting
no Big Apple that's why six was Afraid
of seven thirteen is a baker's dozen but
a baker's dozen is a good thing it's
like you get an extra donut or something
hi Amba 91 I got FTL from your
recommendation for two dollars and fifty
cents great values as cash G cos yay
whatever apologies and pronunciation
either way have you tried Alpha Centauri
yet you have it on galaxy of games it
may well be your cup of tea not yet yeah
so many games so little time yep that's
kind of how breaks down what happens if
your ship blows up with a crew aboard we
could die right yeah like my ship if my
ship blows up just game over if their
ship blows up with my crew aboard those
crew member who are aboard the ship that
explodes they're dead each reven says
the same day I watched that antibiotic
Rhett rant I was prescribed antibiotics
rich put the fear of God in them me
sorry oh you should use antibiotics
properly
well yes would you like to explain as
well we'll just really hammer at home
about not using them for viral
infections or why not about not ending
your prescription really just know why
this is Matic resistance why this is
like super duper important which part
anytime anybody uses antibiotics for
anything they're creating a situation
where germs could become resistant to
antibiotics because germs mutate like
crazy
and some of them are gonna be immune to
any given thing and if those get passed
down to other places especially if you
don't take your full prescription and
they go and multiply and then go jump
into somebody else and be all anti bad
for this and that's bad and if you take
antibiotics for a viral infection it's
not gonna do squat because the processes
in bacteria which are living things
which antibiotics interfere with those
processes aren't going out in viral
cells hey they're viral entities I don't
even know if you call them a cell
Frankford on mine it's late there huh
like 1:00 in the morning so we talk
about something that doesn't end in a
world ending through a viral apocalypse
sure do we want to talk about the
Yellowstone Caldera
or gamma-ray bursts
pointed just the right way or the heat
or heat death of the universe or the Sun
swelling up for that's not for a few
billion years we presume well thank you
Steven girl steam pink girl I will be
right back okay
she'll be right back
is this a rerun hi look you I'll do that
rich do you consider your leading style
more Picard or Kirk I kill everything so
Kirk look her wouldn't kill everything
no he'd fuck a couple of things
especially oh that's that's also that's
also the comical exaggeration of Kirk
the stereotype of Kirk

[C] 

[D] 

[E] 

[F] 

[G] 

[H] 

[I] 
