Episode 844
Pub Bee Gee's - Stayin' Alive(Part 1)
September 5, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OlDlgAh1Z7U
___________________________________________

hello this is the Diddy Kong Racing
welcome the up the recent update the
Diddy Kong Racing there were some
expensive changes to the game welcome to
the Diddy country gosh dang it what
happened ok we're supposed to start six
I said six
oh my god because in my head it's like
Oh plug it in plug it in get ready to go
right so here's so which where do we
start with the technical difficulty
camera ok so the camera is where we
started work because we got the new show
the bush on the box we got the new
Elgato cam link which is supposed to
turn any camera with an HDMI out into a
web camera and we've had lots of issues
with our web camera so as you guys know
we have issues with our web camera all
the time and I have but the SLR hanging
out I have a GoPro hanging out that I
rarely use and so I said well shit well
plug that in it'll look a lot nicer we
won't have to deal with the stupid
webcam everything will be great and we
plugged it in and we did get an image
right out of the box but the image was
what was it there was nine stretched it
was 1920 by five 65 20 I think right it
was nuts it stretched out the image and
there was no way of changing it in
camera cuz obviously that's what we
thought it was at first so we brought a
different camera in and it also did the
same thing for that camera
and there was no way to change it in the
in the what do you call it there's no
way to change it in the options in OBS
and so something somewhere is wrong jack
since you're still playing pub g have
your views changes at all since the
review or has the game grown on you guys
if anything my review has been more has
been more negative since the review
why are you playing enough that's a
great question I don't I don't think you
ever dislike the game and I'm kind of
shocked you gave it a negative here's
why I can perfectly articulate for you
everything that I think is wrong with
the game yeah I cannot properly explain
to you what I get out of it that doesn't
mean you don't get something out of it I
think if you enjoy it you have to give
it a least pause yeah I like it but if I
can't explain it then it must not be a
strong enough feeling and you know like
I I do like the tension and I do like
you know the the one life matters but
the bullshit deaths outweigh the things
I like about it no matter what and I I
have been playing less unless I have
gotten more than twenty hours I thought
I'd get about twenty hours and I'm
getting close to thirty but to be fair
for my negative review I did give
cooperative play a big thumbs up I gave
that a great sub I like playing with the
team I'm just not a very social person
right it's not really for me well that's
the other thing is playing in a group
has been a lot of fun yeah and we we
always seem to get some some streams out
of it
so but it's just one of those things
where every time I'm done like if I play
around to this game it 98% of the time
ends in a horrible frustration yeah yet
I find myself wanting to pick it up
again and I don't really know why see I
had a really good game once yeah you had
so much fun playing this through stream
the other day yeah I actually fired this
game up like two days ago
really I played one match yeah I had
seven fucking kills and I was talking
yeah I was actually talking about the so
this is no news to use I'm being your
edging
yeah it's seven kills it'll be for one
of them they were clearly Idol one of
them so there was still six very legit
kills okay cool
I went through that whole adventure with
cars and I got to the end I'm ranked
ninth and I died it wasn't even a
bullshit death okay I was in a shootout
with somebody and I just I just lost the
exchange okay all right that's fair and
even though all it was an amazing match
and I had six kills as a Oh I lost and I
there was like no satisfaction in there
for me not even I mean six kills or
seven kills in a car I lost sure but you
can't even take you can't take solace in
your in your achievements
I could play doom and kick everyone's
ass and feel really good about it yeah
yeah yeah I don't want to play with me
come come and play which isn't a very
good loser I didn't like throw a fit I
just didn't come out of it feeling very
good well yes to me if I can get top ten
I'm pretty happy and I can get I get top
ten fairly often
boom jean-luc Picard welcome to the
group who else wants to play come and
play with me we need at least a team of
four I think
humberto Cabbage Patch says I watched
the last vampire on earth last night I
was on prime oh my god that came out
that they came out is the greatest if
you guys finally get to see it you guys
finally get to see the last Empire on
earth that's right
that is not as funny bad as the room but
still pretty great mmm the Somme mixing
was the worst part
fucking infuriating mmm the acting it's
totally the acting I think for us and
the writing and the casting just just
that guy that guy oh as the hunk the
hunky sexy vampire is amazing
agreed agreed that guy's the hunky sexy
vampire someone will have to invite me
because that my my thing isn't working
so if you want to play with me you'll
have to invite me because my Steam
friends lists isn't working so far it's
just me and Jean Luc Picard
everyone else that says do your offline
or and make sure your agency or your
your number or whatever at the bottom I
don't care if they want to stream snails
you do what you want to do
I can't another four with some Chad
stream snape they work together well
shit now that you told me you're gonna
do it hold on when was that and do
anything I do I need to add a need to
add a text okay okay hold on everybody
now that someone told me they're gonna
stream tonight me we gotta we're gonna
work on this yeah so we're gonna put
this white bar right there you have to
find like a different room or something
to write how does this work
the information is already kind of out
there isn't it is it I don't I don't
know how this works
no I think every time we go into a game
it tells you like what game you're in I
think all right all right you know what
and I also don't really know how this
works
so there I put that there so maybe
that'll stop some people maybe that'll
stop some people if not listen I'm not
gonna worry about it too much
nope match back Fiero says hey you
hacked frogs hello last vampire on earth
was great yeah was I also wanted to say
happy birthday to my girlfriend ELISA
hey Lisa turn 30 today congratulations
welcome to 30 you did it last night
higher on earth I I don't think I wish
you guys would have more properly set up
our first viewing experience because
obviously there's no way to recreate
that
hi everybody according to this everybody
is offline so if you want to get in I
don't care like we need two more people
I need to play with two more people get
in on him
all right so our first experience do you
need to make room on your friends list
to add more I hate you I just added a
bunch well the people were actually
watching now me the ones you'd want to
add oh yeah just get rid of all these
and what people send you a new invite
alright alright I just hit I just hit
ignore oh sorry my allergies are acting
up because Karen's still out of town
she's taking her time getting back yeah
and so I'm taking care of the fucking
cat oh that's a that is something to do
with this
oh I'm sorry rich I just isn't out of
that fucking apartment as fast as I can
be then I am very allergic to cats
sure it's crazy how much it stays with
you two new invites accept and accept
okay I just accepted two new friends
come and join me in pub key Jack finish
the story that's true
doing the costume hold on we're getting
Jimmy mcawesome in here and then we need
one more and pipe Oh pipes pipes our
Savior okay so you guys hang out for a
second cuz I wanna I wanna I do want to
tell this last vampire another story
before we get stuck yeah oh yeah yeah so
we were having just a bad movie night
and I don't know if it started with last
vampire on earth or what it was but it
was actually outside they had set up a
big projector screen and it was a bunch
of us outside it was great it was
perfect and they and someone said hey we
got the last vampire on earth and the
shock aw and disbelief at it all was
monumental cuz like it's the the screen
was on the side of a building and we're
watching this outdoors and we're just
like is anyone else seeing this we were
convinced at least I was I was hardcore
convinced this was a Christian twilight
more importantly a Jehovah's Witness
twilit because like they went to church
yeah it had more or less in yeah and
then all the sudden I
of fucking nowhere she has AIDS we
started throwing chairs ripping up the
grass swearing so loud the the sheer
shock and awe that she had AIDS what it
was it was nuts and she can't she kills
people it was amazing
the last vampire on earth is it was a
mate it was just it was it was a
mind-boggling experience alright let's
let's go guys let's do this we got our
squad super yes she had super AIDS it
was that was one of those things and
actually this was this was the movie
that rich and I were talking about a
while ago when we talked about watching
a movie recently and we weren't
recording ourselves I am so upset we
weren't recording our initial reactions
we it would have been like it would have
been like monkeys at the zoo that just
did a bunch of coke it was nuts
the cat sang Twilight it was the
Christian Twilight bears here's the
thing yeah Twilight is still a movie
about vampires yeah we thought this is
like a Christian Christian movie
designed specifically to convert people
who thought they were watching something
like Twilight yeah my going through is
gonna be like instructions on how you
find Jesus at the end and how Jesus will
cure you of being a vampire yeah that's
what we thought it was going my going
theory was that they were going to
convert the vampire to to being a
Jehovah's Witness right and that was
gonna take his vampire away she was
gonna be a normal Christian after that
exactly what we thought it was going and
and like all the clues were there weird
weird Church yep
all right you need you need the chatter
squad hey squad hey pipes thanks for
thanks for watching my 6 3 & 9 also my
12 sometimes that's true pipes you
weren't you are here for the winner
winner chicken dinner pipes you missed
that you got a lot you got a lot to
prove pipes
okay ready wait where's everybody going
I don't see the other blips on the radar
or the other behind you
where are you guys are you guys going to
the other side oh shit okay just survive
and we'll find each other survive this
is going great so far
we're doing great we're doing great son
of a Borch I do I got no guns in here
okay guns no guns
oh that's what a shotgun apparently
we're supposed to see a plane fall apart
yeah the more comically it falls apart
like just blatantly oh yes that's that's
that's just gold standard comedy oh yeah
yeah well shit I'll see you know someone
see if they can find a car everything's
okay Jack has a leather overcoat you saw
a boat okay that's helpful
[Music]
you mean you have the best weapon in the
game is it strange that we can talk to
each other even though we're all so far
apart oh you got radios it's fine
video games yeah you're wearing a vest
you get that vest and I think you have
it on yeah I have on a different vest I
was oh oh you found another one I I was
trying to
what I was trying to see if I could put
this vest in my what do you call it
backpack Oh Jean
oh no when someone's dead already who's
thinking oh maybe who keeps saying aids
someone who's not gonna be a part of the
squad next run that must be Jimmy Mikasa
men yep it is alright there it is
alright we'll put up with you this time
I can see the little speaker thing next
to your name when you say AIDS Jimmy
oh you're almost dead
you know what good you're not even
saying it the funny way oh my god was so
far away some is there just someone near
us who sang aids yeah we have to kill
him
how near us is he if we can hear them
great okay now we need to find a car
pipes isn't trouble you have to get the
pipes okay great I'm gonna see if I can
find a car then someone must be stream
sniping us I'll see if I can fix my
thing later it's not covering the
numbers in the bottom of the toe good
thank you
oh it's alright no worries I'm just
looking for a car okay I'm going to the
boat I'm coming I'm coming to water this
is rich not playing this time well if we
knew what was going to happen well for
one we would have brought the n64
controller but we got you know we also
would have brought the other computer we
thought we totally thought we're doing
Diddy Kong yeah that was the plan oh
there's only the one PC here honestly I
think it's just more entertaining with
Jack playing to be just perfectly honest
why would you say that rich what makes
it entertaining when I play that's it
that's exactly what it is bitch I mean
look how great we're doing so far I had
seven kills on my last outing yeah all
right hmm but I didn't have anyone to
watch my six that's true there you go
and that's what you bring to the group
dynamic a lot of six watching yep riches
my riches not lying I saw that he's a is
he up at the
[Applause]
I'm gonna be honest I didn't even know
you could do that Bobo in the door yeah
it happened to me that's how I know well
I got the AIDS guy he's in a better
place now all right rock and roll
yeah it's really helpful I'm blowing
open doors like that because then
there's no there's no sneaking up on you
yeah he didn't even have a gun like his
all his whole purpose in life was just
getting close to me so he could yell
aids yeah I know it's not even funny
right he's just saying a word it's a
word I say much funnier no sound like a
troll you say it like that grossly
overdramatic like right hold on rich I
think you were you just auditioned for
rent you're good you take this horribly
like just dramatically terrible thing
and then you just you play it up as
cheap melodrama that's funny no you're
doing it wrong a lot of people doing
wrong rich what are you gonna do
run away in a chickadee
so is that the plans you kind of get out
south of the farm and yeah
hopefully everyone's heading to the
circle by now wolf eighty-three says hey
Jack hey rich I got my replacement
Wallace Mouse for the rival 500 feels
great
oh good love all the buttons do you use
SteelSeries engine macros to assign your
buttons
thanks for recommendation yeah I don't
remember what the name of the software
was it is a steel serious piece of
software when I looked into how to find
the mouse buttons two keys but I I have
them all bound two keys like ones on the
right side that aren't usually used by
games like jko PL all of my my mouse
keys are bound to that which is why when
people see me stream and I rebind Keys
like what's here okay what is he using
Jay that's so weird you know that's cuz
it's not my mouse yeah oh I see I see
the Jeep
coming for your pipes
so yeah
sorry hey good all right Texas Panhandle
or says hearthstone is my pub gee I like
the idea of it and there are aspects of
it I enjoy but it's hard to really be
good at it and I start getting
frustrated until I both loved and hated
simultaneously hearthstone yeah yeah
yeah that's fair the only difference is
how you know hearthstone is free I'll
take this over Call of Duty oh my god oh
right you're right but you know what we
made it look at that we were riding that
blue line all right where we going you
want to check out this house
well was that you yeah okay you just
like scaring us every now and then don't
ya right all right we got a backpack we
got a second
all right leather duster nice oh we got
so many backpacks
oh nice submachine gun in that kitchen
okay great
I had anything good over here Jimmy not
really great vegan economist says a
couple of nights ago I was listening to
a stream in bed and just as I was about
to sail in the dream land I suddenly
hear terrible Christian Bale Batman
growls woke me right up yep need a duty
every time sir dang cthe of whale says
if the girl one last vampire had AIDS
and Shrek made her immortal by biting
her yeah wouldn't that make her aids
immortal - isn't that a paradox of some
type immortal aids yeah I guess what it
would do is it would make her immortal
but whatever sickness she currently has
it would be with her well it would
probably make the AIDS like uncurable or
something oh wait is that the bunker are
we at the bunker oh that's true alright
keep moving then
well I guess he already had super AIDS
right he hates kind of much worse well
but if she's immortal I guess she'll
still live but maybe she'll just feel
like garbage for the next like 30 years
until a cure for AIDS is found all right
are being serious presumably
hypothetically she would feel fine
though they would might still be aids in
her body right and obviously she could
still spread AIDS but she will not die
from it well but you know hopefully it's
monogamous I mean she was raised you
know religious so she didn't shoot
somebody she did she religion right out
the window
Touche can we get it but let's do it Oh
someone's in it I think
well we'll shoot their asses if they
come out
do you think we're close enough to the
crate I don't even have Olivia's right
now
cool what's increase anything just
higher level equipment Thanks yeah let's
do it
whoever knows what they're doing
sign the wheel just somebody get out and
grab everything just grab everything and
run Jack what do you get out of the car
you might need to make a hasty retreat
no I got sixes I got six is rich we did
it see okay look I got their sixes so
they could get the good shit you're
welcome yeah yeah I don't even know why
they have gas cans I don't know if like
is if that's a thing running out of gas
okay it's possible not all cars have as
much gas in them
I don't know sure
confirmed so you in the circle yeah
we're in the circle what a car where we
going yeah okay what are we doing what's
going on what's happening was around
here
oyeme what's sad is that another plane
another drop
where to drop or did it drop yet we
great we're doing oh shit
what's wrong oh I'm stuck in the middle
seat of the Jeep so I can't shoot out of
it because I don't I don't know how to
change seats because everything is
rebound control and like what is it 1 2
3 & 4
careful to backpack
I'll take a level-two backpack
these guys are way better than me what
are these almost a Christian Bale these
guys are is it right so let's go okay
still got to find that episode you have
all the episodes shit what are you doing
what is that oh you bring it yep yeah
yeah hang back hang back I'm gonna see
I'm gonna catch the stragglers over here
see someone's gonna come around back
here he's dead
you're out of bullets there's no one
else in the building
okay
what are you drop what are you from oh
yeah hold on I just I just want to
double-check where's that where's that
great
do you have that door this door has a
Jeep in it it's a nice choke point great
oh sure I'm gonna stay quiet cuz they
might need some sudden communication
running you got less time to revive them
every time though right where are they
in the help are nearby oh okay a
motorcycle coming towards you pipes see
getting off the boat as long as you
coming in
everyone in the fucking game is stream
sniping no I got yours
I'm just getting that Jeep run them down
right
that's me that's me in the Jeep
gonna distract them I'm gonna give you
I'm gonna get give some cover over here
don't worry I'm fine isn't the tree yep
he's in the tree to the west he's in the
tree to the west
nope nope I don't got a minute oh yeah
he's got good stuff we got first aid
kits band-aids energy drinks all sorts
of fun stuff
what kind of scopes you have for that
sniper he's got what kind of scopes you
got I'm green hold on you got eight
nevermind hold on I'm coming
looks like a shotgun a pistol yeah I'll
come and bring you a rifle oh you
already grabbed it yeah all right here
no problem what uh what bullets does I
use we could have some yeah Rich's our
backseat gaming bro we're just doing
some coaching we're just trying to help
rich is helping
oh you mean em oh great Oh coach on a
game he hates a game I specifically said
I hate going solo yeah but had fun
playing great you know what fuck it I'm
not even I'm not even explain myself
anymore you just idiots hi guys what's
the plan just don't die great oh shit is
it outside the zone holy shit that's
near
well the great deal there guys might
want to go for it if you wish to the
west yeah
to the west well shit no I'm here I'm
here
you're downed you need some oh yeah I'm
down oh and I'm dead alright thank you
bye dad
they were calling up from the West I
still didn't see him
he's dying
what are you doing huh what are you
doing we can't see anything that's going
on it's near the end well I'm trying to
find fun types
oh yeah you know
down two pipes again Oh
now pipes you have to be careful because
it's very possible that their stream
sniping so you can't stay in one place
for too long for glory
nice I don't know where I don't know
where but nice one
I saw how he came out of nowhere
pipes alright I've now blocked
the stream thing and so it's very
possible that we might not get stream
snaps if that's how it works if it does
like you know that's just what does it
does what it does
so let's um except for everything's kind
of crashed oops I think I asked this
last time but you don't stream this do
you
I can't hear us
why not because where they can't hear
you in the lobby they haven't they
haven't enabled you to talk to people in
the lobby yet that's weird it's the
stupidest and now it's all broken look
hold on we crashed none of us knows
hello jack and rich has movie buffs I
was wondering how you guys typically
watch your movies I myself am an HD snob
so for me it's blu-ray or bust hmm I
won't watch DVD unless it's the only
format available I'm not at all picky as
long as it doesn't look like crap I'm
fine but I don't I don't need blu-ray
quality yeah DVD or blu-ray is fine by
me yeah usually usually either I don't
hate it but I mean like DVD yes fine DVD
yeah no DVD blu-ray streaming streaming
is my preferred method just because then
I can get whatever I want instantly my
HD in general my HD quality
oh yeah HD quality of course I just got
a shoot we gotta shut down we got to
shut down I know that there are some
advantages to for cave beyond resolution
like apparently the color depth is far
more depth oh wow
it has better colored okay we need to
all right we're having some pub G
difficulties pause to end task there we
go
we're gonna try that over again pipes is
leaving goodbye pipes Thank You pipes I
was gonna say if you stream this you
believe your information in our chat
you'd probably get some followers you
have your fans yeah you plan okay I see
some friend requests from people who are
playing pub G so I just friended you
there we go we're gonna run this up
again and start over
none of us says hello guys stream
snipers can click to play the same time
you do when you enter the lobby then
check the alive meter and countdown
timer to ensure they're in your game oh
I suggest pregame overlay pregame
overlay won't you just turn the game
well click on the X out this thing the
game in OBS until you actually start a
game oh sure
well bye it won't really matter right if
they're just just go to go to OBS and
turn off the the the eye thing for Game
Capture around battle capture whatever
notice we use no not at all because we
didn't play dead hog racing just the
normal game capture yep and then when we
start when we actually run we're
actually in the plane
turn it on plunge share rim Ram
rewind shocks us finally saw G OTG to
guardians the galaxy - guardians of the
galaxy - and I totally agree with Jack
too many jokes too many songs too many
sappy moments back rich any big plans
for Labor Day all right guys we're ready
to go hit the play button let's rock and
roll and can I be in the next squad for
pub G I've already picked my next one
there's one of them rewind shock um oh
wait nope or unless rerun chukkas has
invited rim ram so it's it's it's me oh
no way pipes is leaving right yep yep
for right now well pipes is still on the
team still on the team
hold on hold on how do you cure somebody
I don't know everything's broken all
right I'm leaving team all right now
it's just me I ate oh there's okay come
axion you're in epitaxy you're in and
plugg how what a couple times you want
to speed we did epitaxy two but we
didn't do web attacks - well you want to
get an entirely new people that's up to
you here we go boom this is the squad
let's go guys let's let's tear it up
shame we can't get fo docs and pipes on
the same team though yeah that'd be some
all-stars the person who got a winner
winner chicken dinner and the person who
couldn't quite do it alright let's go
everybody
click play click play let's do it wait
wait now wait you're in the plane that
was the plan
sorry yeah I'm telling everyone everyone
else needs to click play now
yes we know we know you can't see
anything we're waiting until we're in a
game to prevent stream snipers yeah but
even even if like once we once we get
out of the plane they'll be able to
watch the number counter to see if
they're in the same game you know I just
I think it's kind of moot and even if we
have stream snipers hopefully like that
one stream sniper I'll be able to kill
them easily mm-hmm because I killed the
one person who didn't have a gun rich
rubbing that number 2 in on pipes
yes but he's quite good I'm just being
silly pipes understands a joke hey
everybody we got to go click play
Peppa docks plunge come AXI and we got a
we got to play it up man let's go
all y'all same commit scene needs to
ready
is that who needs to read Iike mixing
you got a hit you got a click oh there
we go thank you
let's do it anonymous says one brother
announced today they're making a
standalone ie
recast Joker origin movie with the
hangover director and Scorsese producing
are they just pulling out names out of a
hat now here's something yes just a
dartboard they still go with a lead Oh
Joker who cares who knows who cares who
knows rich I'm going to say Joker origin
story is something we don't necessarily
need here's the thing like in in no way
do you want to make the Joker empathetic
you know and work just fine in The
Killing Joke yeah shit
chill Zilla says what is the best movie
you watched and best of the worst that
comes closest to being an actual movie I
mean also aids Wow well it kind of was a
real movie what was the the farting kid
one was that called again
Thunder pants underpants oh my god
Oh too much too much talk hey guys let's
let's go for water city go 3 2 1 go dare
are you going to water city I'm going to
water city I don't see it there it's
right there okay just follow Jack
half-sunken city water city that's where
we're heading it is that's exactly what
it is it's Atlantis yeah oh shit they're
gonna get there a little bit before us
maybe those houses right next to water
city pivot the the the twin house is
right next to water city that's where
I'm going
punch him punch oh my god the textures
haven't loaded on the house yet there we
go Oh sort of Jeep a Jeep just spawned
right in front of me oh I think I've
seen this before I think if you get to
places early enough like the items don't
spawn yet
yeah we got a backpack can I come on
come on hey shit shits going down
already and I don't got no gun what's
another room the door closed right right
right
let's outdoors epitaxy okay
where are you almost dead crate oh sorry
I closed closed it all right on you gun
gun we'd go save you but we are
completely unarmed here I'm armed with
one frag grenade that's not going to do
us a lot of good and he sort of oh here
we go here's a gun run safe epochs man
all right
smithy Mick ripped it's Smith EEMA
cricket it says Rick and rich and Jack
yeah have you guys tried playing this
game on the lowest graphics quality I
would review that said people were using
that to see character models through the
other textures what's going on out there
[Music]
go round the back or on the runway I'm
gonna sit back back yeah keep going
there's one in the water he's dead never
mind
oh sorry Epidaurus we failed you oh I
see him on the roof they're shooting at
come axion
what's the what's the plan are you
trying to kill this guy I'm trying to
distract him what's the plan are we
trying to kill this guy yes I think he
might be able to hear us so I don't want
it to give away too much information
well we need to go under the options
that see this and turn off see this no
he'll still hear us if we mute him but
no no there's a there's supposedly an
option so only teams can hear the chat
did you get him on the roof shit was
that you did you throw a grenade no
great
who is in the dog
oh my god my god you're having yourself
a hell of a round see all because I
distracted that guy you're welcome I is
forever gotten but where are you and
where are they are they in the house oh
I see him he's on the he's on the roof
to your to your north he's southwest
yeah what number is that I can't really
read that too
well but to me it's it's a different and
I think we can come to you that might be
s
there's another one outside to your left
Jessie listen he came in through the
window the guy that was to your left and
leaving the game I was trying to kill
him off because I knocked him down oh
well okay so first thing we're gonna do
very first thing we're gonna do we're
gonna head over to this option menu
right here we go sound now we're gonna
say it's your voice channel only team I
wouldn't it just be default dr. Harry
limes is just seeing the first Batman
TAS hey let's go let's go right away
again let's go right away again we'll
try to get a better round and then we'll
switch up teams again Batman the
original series Batman sobs a mystery
rescues a dude gets his ass kicked
saves the day and then Rio belt
rehabilitates man bad I'd never punched
the air shouting yay Batman so much
that's right that's all the man-bat ups
does a good one yeah he's a detective he
was a detective in Batman the Animated
Series yes well speaking of you know
what I saw the other day I saw that
Batman and Bill documentary did you see
that I never Oh bill finger yeah I I'm
kind of aware of the story but I haven't
seen this documentary so so the the
story is back in the day Bob Kane was a
talentless hack yes and wanted to get
the big money the big comic book money
and and told the person who was that
like national comics or whatever was
publishing whatever I've come up with a
guy over the weekend and what he came up
with sucked
so he talked to his friend Bob finger
and Bob Fingal bill Bob bill there's a
lot of fingers not bill finger they go
he talked to his friend bill finger and
bill finger was like I got you dog who's
VAT is visit great those there Batman
and basically made bet yeah and was the
ghostwriter for the first however many
issues yeah so he created Robin he
created the Joker he created the penguin
he created the Riddler he created the
Batmobile
he created the Batcave like that he was
yes he created Batman but because of the
contract that Bob Kane had he Bob Kane
was the person who got sole credit so
there's a documentary called Batman and
Bill that was the fuck you simon and
schuster contract yes
back back you know kind of along with
all of this Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster
the creators of Superman
we're in the midst of a lawsuit with DC
and I think they wanted Bob Kane to like
join it with them come on let's fight DC
we'll get our creations back and then DC
just threw some money at Bob Kane yeah
alright and that's why to this day it
still says you know like and on all the
comics created by Bob cake
well so here at cetera watch this knock
so the documentary is about okay well
hold on let's find a place to land first
let's see where do we want to go guys
where do you want to go do you want to
try to head towards the gun range three
two one go gun range so this whole
documentary is about trying to find
enough evidence to take to DC and it's
about finding bill fingers descendants
and and just the whole history of like
that everything it's and so it's it's an
amazing documentary and if you have a
chance to watch it please watch it it's
it's all just about artists getting
their fair credit yeah and
one of one of the best best
documentaries I've seen in a while I
we're not gonna make it let's let's go
to these uh these double houses on our
way to on our way to the the firing
squad here great so Batman and Bill
hello beautiful beautiful movie
beautiful documentary with a I don't
even there's and I don't want to give
too much away but you know it's just a
big fight to to get Bill Finger properly
credited for his creation of Batman and
it is worth a watch if you are into
documentaries some book I read I'm
trying to remember what it's called it's
just comic book heroes but the heroes
were like the people behind this is
about the creators yeah in the history
of comic books and I stopped reading it
at some point it was so utterly
depressing story after story so and so
came up with an idea for a character the
character was ultra powerful ultra-beam
millions and millions of dollars the
creator died penniless that was Evan
every story in the park oh right
all right wait wait
okay we're let's go to let's get up what
are we gonna get plunge first and then
come axion we're not
[Laughter]
get into Maxine now we're not going to
the gun wait okay alright come back see
and stay there we'll be back yes
supposedly Bob Kane's original drawing
for Batman he was wearing red he was
wearing red he had on the Domino mask
which is like the mask that Robin
where's yeah he had he had like blonde
hair and stiff stiff bat wings and they
had a mock-up what's he even called man
that was it was Bob's idea to call him
Batman but he was blond or red didn't
have ears yep because as the story goes
way way back in the day he found out
that Shuster and Siegel got $800 a week
to write Superman yeah and he's like I
want a piece of that actually so
basically he tried to make a Superman
clone in Batman yeah all right come ax
in let's rock and roll
we're gonna we're gonna F some bees up
let's hit it
Road Trip yeah honking oh shit
do you think you can jump the river
[Music]
don't try but I saw it on Hulu Batman
and Bill I saw it on Hulu and and it got
it like it got me worked up and the guy
who was making the documentary it became
like a passion project for him to figure
I'd like to find existing relatives and
yeah for everyone who's trying to
message me on Steam I can't answer right
now I'm playing that was me sorry that
was me come at come axion you you shot
me
come back see any shot me you fuck yeah
you did I'm gonna shoot you back this is
going great so far guys you haven't
we're having a good a good run so far I
I have a first-aid kit all right there
we go
they wait welcome motherfucker okay so
you can friendly fire in the car pretty
easily that's just a life lesson for us
all it makes you I'm starting to think
you're like a master troll just enough
you just you're just like a mastermind
yes oh yeah some people had us like 240
Jones uma says worst and best movie
starring a basketball player the answer
to both is spacejam well-defined
starring like the lead role or they just
have to be in it like airplane is a
contender oh nice nice call rich no
thank you thank you with sir Kareem
abdul-jabbar and I have not seen Scheck
or nut check for what's the deal or
Shazam I you know what I haven't seen
steal either and I want to desperately
but we we talked about possibly doing
that Oh God on the best of the worst
and so I can't I think that part we're
just looking for any comic book movies
for like a kind of cool well I think was
that the episode that eventually was the
Fantastic Four Supergirl one maybe
i wiii Lewton there's no parking in the
redzone that I don't remember how the
redzone the white zone argument went an
airplane I don't remember
okay
crocodile rinses donut Eva's jack has
already made me laugh out loud and
closed the door on his teammates again
anyway did you guys ever answer my
question from last tip hmm what are your
thoughts in Sonic mania I'm not
particularly interested I was never a
huge Sonic fan Jack you have any
thoughts in Sonic man you know because I
never I never really cared for Sonic and
what I've what I've heard is that sonic
mania is like close to the original
sonex yeah but I didn't care about the
original accel I could use a scope what
kind of scope Padma how much Oh that'd
be perfect for me that would be perfect
for me in mcgann oh hello
Terrence ad says Richard Jack what are
your thoughts on the Kong skull Iowan
director's criticism of cinemasins he
was very complimentary of Haarlem in
particular I have not heard what his
criticisms whoa I know that everybody's
been ganging up on cinemasins lately and
I think that's good I think that
channels in garbage I'll be I'll be
honest with you I think they I think
they took the the one aspect of the
plinky review where he took that where
he nitpicked and they've made an entire
channel out of it and I I hate it
nitpicks can be fun of course of course
but like but small flaws don't
necessarily ruin a movie oh wait Jeep
Jeep to the east now it's a nonce in the
in the south it's at 155 it looks like
it's going past us
great which those numbers at the top had
better contrast let's seem very useful
in general but you can never read them
north someone's honking which means they
want to be seen where's everyone else
straight there stream honker yep well
let's finish looting and then we can
deal with the stream honker well let
them come to us fire in the area Oh
a car just passed it's hard to like the
west it kept going we're caught we'll
solve everything let's drive it
directions are happening look you don't
be a jackass what's that gun on the
ground huh on the ground I'm an AKM I
already have one else somebody need an
8k I am this building or a shotgun if an
you're a shotgun in type person
seven to
and I have a bunch of 8k bullets I just
dropped I just dropped off some bullets
and bullets for the a K and then the a
K's in the bathroom yeah conviction you
expended half years in the jack alright
alright
how we feeling what's the plan what's
going on if it comes to that I will
shoot you for comedies all good it's all
if it comes to that but yeah I think
we'll be fine
oh good okay all right got some armor
that's nice evil Lord David says hey
guys David parachuting in oh sure hold
on before that anyone need a helmet or
some level one armor
what's your favorite thing about great I
would listen was evil Lord David have to
say what is your favorite thing about
pipes I like is youthful and endearing
laughter it Sue's me like hot cocoa on a
cold winter night absolutely
you know pipes has one of those accents
that's foreign but still relatable and
so for some reason that just makes him
more endearing to me yeah this is a
pipes review we're reviewing pipes
Ayatollah of rock and roll Isis love the
pub G streams super hilarious hey you
know they kinda are sometimes in the
spirit I just rewatched the insane 84
film Red Dawn the Swayze powers Boothe
Lea Thompson yeah see Thompson how
Wolverines genius did you see his kids
and were you fans I've never seen it
you've never seen Red Dawn oh man that
was like required viewing at least where
I grew up
ever you know because mostly because you
know
fine great great you know oh no we're
stuck there we go being being in the
country and you know just everyone being
gun owners and you know everyone you
know ready for the common it's still
coming off the the mad communists care
like Red Dawn was one of those movies
that like empowered empowered the people
are they in a house and they in the open
where they add you probably can't see
them through that tiny hill and you're
dead yep attacks he's dead just leave
him where are they oh I've seen he's
wait he's way out there shit I'm getting
out of here now I put myself out in the
open yes you did
that's all right I'm back behind a wall
everything's fine see if he comes close
to us
plunged you need some bandages wait
doesn't dislike this game I'm coming
just torturing the poor man now I just
like going it's so low yeah I said
before I see a lot of value in the whole
team cooperative aspect of it that has
not changed that was what I said in the
review that was a big part of your
review is man I enjoyed that it's not
like Call of Duty it's not a meat
factory and I think who team play has
has some positive aspects to it that was
your whole thing is there a lot of
multiplayer games I would put this above
yeah that person is still over there
they're running away though I think
they're running towards the circle oh no
we are where it nevermind we're inside
the circle I was looking at the wrong
part of the map they're running towards
the shore they're running towards the
shore
settle down ridge settle down settle
right the eff down do we need the car
yeah yeah the circle just closed Oh
did we properly loot epitaxy okay sorry
chuppah Docs but you know that's how
you're good to us now me I'm sorry Maxie
come axion was was looted we we were
looting yeah come axion the helpful
ghost being a regular troll not a super
troll shoutout bad advice don't do it ya
know they're in the house we got some
open doors over there
bunker bunker bunker oh it's so fucking
on now rich Evans from my birthday
present please correct jack on mixi and
his name conviction were you calling him
oh I might have called Yuka max Ian okay
don't shoot your teammates don't shoot
your team man like some kind of mashup
of comic books and and like Galaga or
something or Galaxian somebody's showing
up or stealing your car
oh yeah we did and we're wearing your
blood is Warpaint at the moment rich
this is where I killed you
does this look familiar because this is
right there is where I killed you plunge
what are you doing where you going okay
let's see what what's the plan to hold
up here yeah well you're really centered
we're good we're good and centered doo
doo doo doo doo sure I have southeast
instead of standing there why don't you
stand up right next to the door and use
your third-person abilities nice King
yeah I guess you really can't doesn't
get a great view like this yeah like
that this is a great spot oh no worried
look we're in Nice does everybody keep
watching your entrance I got
yes but we also know you're playing the
long game so quit Lisa's small silver
lining re bill finger he gets a nod in
the credits and recent Batman comics
Batman created by Bob Kane and Bill with
Bill Finger yes I could have died
couldn't sadly oh he died no he died in
like the 70s sadly like alone and poor
it's still watched the documentary the
you know so by the way spoiler alert
they won his credit yeah and so the
first time he got a credit was Batman V
Superman yeah and now from now on
anything Batman related it's an equal
credit credit so thanks for spoiling it
but it's still a like to see the journey
is a worthwhile documentary but he has
finally gotten the credit that I you
know what I instinctively leaned my head
to look around the corner there's a
button no I'm saying like in real life
like I'm going like this oh you guys see
anybody no problem yeah that's what
we're here for
Naama says what I don't like about
cinemasins
is the consistent inconsistency like how
a glaring plot hole and a small
technical mistake are both awarded one
sin and how obvious jokes still count as
sins well right because at that point
they're just they're just ticking
numbers I don't I don't think you're
supposed to take it that seriously no
and it's like if you know if there's
enough plot holes that it ruins the
movie then then you can talk about that
but the amount of nitpicks for them is I
think I watched two of their videos and
I barely made it through the two let me
take a look at the prequel is just like
a ton of plot holes that's because it's
a badge
grips all right and then the nitpicks
were just part of the greater narrative
as far as Plunkett's review was
concerned a lot of times like the
depicts like all right go on old school
here the plank at first contact review
the room like what is this room what is
the purpose of this room right that's
just a good fun
yeah yes that's not what's wrong with
that movie though right oh shit all
right going up this way right behind you
said a guy oh he's getting shot go round
the long way and that see that big hill
there that's probably good cover that's
not Jack shooting there are three groups
here and I don't think they know about
you or us good job jack that rock won't
bother anybody ever again no there's a
guy right there fuck
dad oh I wasn't thinking and my other my
other rifle had the two times scope how
I wasn't I wasn't thinking how hard it
says hey guys if you have the
opportunity to be the voice of an
animated version of a superhero who
would you be
also Jack needs to unleash the glib on
Twitter more often it's what people want
the glib I do get I do get glib
sometimes no I don't think you're gonna
make it no no problem bye guys Oh try to
get some more people in a voice the
voice of an animated superhero voice of
an animated superhero I say who would
you want to play or who would you be
good as is the question that those are
two questions who do you want to play so
who do you think you could play well and
who like what do you know you can play
well probably I think we've kind of done
this before for me best fit is probably
off top my head mister mixi Pitta licks
Osher that'd be good
the fifth-dimensional in poop pesters
Superman yes I like it
jack is totally the tick I would love to
be the tick which would be a good
spider-man no I wouldn't
potent potables come on
boom there we go alright now I got a
nice a nice grip let's go
which would be a great Mad Hatter oh you
could do a good Mad Hatter maybe yeah