Episode 851
Mario With a Gun (Part 1)
September 12, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7qWyqm0FP98
___________________________________________

what's up what's up hey everybody what's
uh that turned up a little bit okay a
couple things you should notice as soon
as we're live it says we're live the
stream is now live we're doing great
a couple of things you should notice I
think I got like the the the color and
the the white balance and the all the
brightness for our camera figured out
and we got our nice new beautiful lens
on the camera that should be looking
good too we've done some configurations
with the audio as we've been getting a
lot of complaints about the audio
hopefully we will no longer break your
speakers we put a hard limiter and
compressor on OBS three we have some new
emotes oh my god we have something the
compressor okay compressor test now
everyone
Jack how ear-piercing was that wow that
was Graydon how so it didn't work I'm
dead compressed the question is did it
blow your speakers or did it just sound
distorted still kind of loud but not as
loud grating ideal that you know what
that's something that's absolutely
something so Mario XCOM yes and I'm
enjoying this game ok iers here's the
mild dilemma I wanted to play more of
this mm-hmm
we did the stream this before oh yeah I
was playing yeah I did some playing
wouldn't you did some a lot of playing
yeah after that I am now right where you
were during that stream the same things
yeah two things one switch was having
issues that night yeah we had like a
dozen viewers we'll see how we handle it
differently that's true I wasn't paying
I was like paying no fucking attention
right you were just looking at the chat
right right make you smartass comments
now and then we're not really paying any
attention to what was going on right so
I'm going to be please do some levels
that we've seen this play through before
on stream I think everything's gonna be
incredibly redundant everything's gonna
be redundant me amazing yeah that's fine
I've been I've been upgrading Mario's
overwatch shots here oh yeah - overwatch
shots that's great that's sweet that's
so great that's sweet cool reduce the
cooldown from 3 turns to 2 times 2 turns
no I'm gonna up the damage on that shut
nice rich I could do that I could do
that or I can I can't afford that can't
afford that either no well then you got
to keep playing that's all right no no
it's fine because I I don't mind
upgrading the over waajid damage true
blue channel the beer that I use for the
the pixel beer emote is actually
something that I made for one of the
past Mia beers
made a little duck hunt intro for pass
me a beer hunting edition and and so
technically speaking it's an Old
Milwaukee but I took off all of the low
going for the pixel beer so it's just a
beer it's just a beer that you're
opening now I brought the beer back
I brought Tim back just for me and we
still have several more slots for emotes
good so we'll make some more Luigi
he's potentially just flat-out fuckin
overpowered Luigi Luigi man he's great
Luigi's fucking great he's a human Mario
we have both have overwatch shots
mhm Luigi's his cooldown is only two
turns to start with I got one I haven't
I can't afford this yet it reduces the
cooldown to like one turn mm-hmm just a
one turn wait before you can use that
overwatch again and you can upgrade that
overwatch to three fucking overwatch
shots
Jesus fuckin Christ
yep damaged I'm gonna need two that's
definitely gonna need to be boosted
though mm-hmm agreed agreed and you know
what if you pair that with something
someone like rabid Luigi who has his
vampire shots he can give vampire to
enemies and so then any if someone is
under vampire anyone on your anyone can
hit them and regain health so like Mario
Luigi and Luigi rabid is a terrifying
trio I didn't know that about the
vampire I haven't played around with
that like at all yet oh yeah if an enemy
is under the vampire effects and anyone
hits them they get health back its I'm
sorry yeah so don't discount Luigi rabid
even though he's a rabid and therefore
sucks cuz he's got this this weekend
perk and obviously that sounded weak so
I haven't been using him much I and I
don't use the weekend perk that much but
his vampire strats and he has the two
you know smack to people while running
around yeah so you know he can go smack
smack vampire to people
see look so he can hit two people and
give them vampire in one turn then if
anyone else on your team hits them they
get the effects of the vampire this
potential hair it has super potential we
can perk is broken as shit in some
situations it to me like and I've used
the weekend perk I've never seen it do
anything broken how right like like like
it can be really fucking effective
broken like like it's Opie broken sure
there's two kinds broken sorry not the
weakened perk the weakened perk you can
Luigi rabbit has a perk that can reduce
the damage an enemy gives to you so but
like it's like what is it it's not a
very high percentage I don't think no no
it's not this thing starts at like 20
like it has the it has the potential of
possibly saving someone's life but
everybody is working for the weekend
I left my coffee over there I want to
fuck did you do that
oh my god jumping in front of the TV why
why why
now we got the laptop and everything's
fine
man you guys new face cam is more sharp
today did you get a new camera we got a
new lens we're using we're now using the
elgato cam link which lets us hook up
any camera with an HDMI out and use it
as a webcam and so I'm using my
Panasonic gh2 which is my old DSLR and I
just got a new lens
it's a beautiful 20 millimeter prime
lens that has a 1.7 f-stop and if you
know what that means it means it's an
incredible lens for low-light situations
and so because we don't need to bump up
the ISO or because we don't need to bump
up the light in post we can get a nice
crisp shot 35 to spend I don't know what
to spend them on it's just the shadows
are just jack up a farmer stand I might
have a farmer stand I've been outdoors a
lot this weekend it happens
jack is shot talking Chinese to me like
f-stop and ISO is basically just how
much light you're letting in the camera
and the lower the f-stop on your lens
the more light it can let in which means
the less the less you need to upgrade in
post which means you get a crisper shot
in darker situations so it's just it's a
Panasonic 20 millimeter it's just it's
one that works with my Panasonic camera
so I can use it here for this camera or
I can take it and use it on my nice
camera it is a prime lens and so there's
no zooming DSLRs normally will auto shut
down after about 20 minutes they all
have a setting in the menu that you can
stop that shutdown time
which of course is what I'm doing what's
the key that's a camera get out get
right out of town
never underestimate the power of
stupidity I like it no I like it there
having fun rich everybody's having fun I
also switched up our chair arrangement a
little bit rich what if you notice I'm a
little closer to you I did not notice
and I'm now equidistance before my chair
was kind of up a little bit more and so
whenever I talked to you I had to kind
of like look behind me but now I feel
like we're on equal footing by the way
that is one of the that thing looks
exactly like a motherfucking Roomba
that's leading Mario around and one of
my one of my biggest complaints at the
start of the game was I kept assuming
Mario was the leader of the party and so
there are certain things where you need
to put your person in front of it like
to go down pipes and stuff
and I I wouldn't be able to go down the
pipes because I kept putting Mario in
there not the Roomba yeah I got used to
that though does seem to control when
you like like those blue coin sections
it's a bit slippery yeah it's been hard
to stay on target for some reason I have
a relatively new prone I kind have to
restart after 20 minutes as well go into
the menu and they should have a Auto
power-down function where you can turn
off the auto power down function which
is something you need especially when
shooting video for it see I knew people
would get some use out of these Oh My
gods I like those I like that emote so I
need some more emote ideas I'm gonna
make a tums one because everyone wants a
tums emote rich everyone and their
mother wants a tums emote so I'll make
one why is the room but even there the
Roomba okay so here's the here's the
backstory to this game the room is your
cursor you your Roomba is also the AI of
a little girl scientist
who invented a nuclear combinator ring
ray and then the Rabbids came in a
dishwasher
time machine - and and broke it and
started combining everything which is
why we're in this weird world and so the
Roomba is an AI that has been
transported into a Roomba
nice nice rich oh did you like having
cover oh you know what Carson you're
right we do need a very cool emoji we're
gonna try this explosive - explosive -
oh yeah I gave this guy an explosive -
okay make sure you're close enough so
Mario can use his hop - to hop on the
other guy that's probably I'm Rindge you
also want to be in good cover
sure did he not explode the other guy
took some damage okay yeah this should
be good orange yeah that's in range
welcome wait I can't do that and then
you can hop on the other guy though
maybe if you can die if you can hop that
far oh it is nice that's the old twofer
right there rich
that's great you know me auntie Nora
this game is fairly fun it's fairly fun
I find the the strategy not to be too
daunting it's light but still you know
satisfying when you win
sinnerman right I will not I will not
make an AIDS emo don't worry
golden shit you didn't kick ass shake
ass all kinds of kick ass mm-hmm oh they
got some overwatch going to shit you
don't give a shit a dumb rabbit
overwatch all right and now what now
what I fix so much ass I don't know I
don't know what to do you just you need
to kill for your baby I don't know what
to do so you got the big guys they're
too much ass big guys are you know they
can be a problem if you don't if you
don't think ahead well I'm sure that was
it that was general that wasn't a
statement to you that was a general
statement to other people
um rich do you have any we played the
small maps of Friday the 13th flash
dream and I think nothing of them I
thought it would be just a clusterfuck
but kind of works to me it was just it
was just a way to reuse map assets and
be a little lazy I that was I was open
for drastically different gameplay and
like I think it works too well
where or it just it works and it doesn't
feeling different you know right I'm
just want some new maps and I did see
that they were working on on a fresh
that would be close enough it's not for
what to get in that other pipe oh well
that's not well advised
yeah but Mario's in a good place for
others maybe others could jump on Mario
and get up to that second level maybe
[Music]
part five Jason and part five map have
been confirmed great
so yeah that'll be something new that'll
be something new and fresh
[Music]
any plans for another co-op pub gee with
both of you playing anytime soon
probably not
my interest is waning as far as pub G is
concerned I still like I'll play like
maybe one or two games a day just to be
like I got 20 minutes to kill a play
game but it's it's waning hard let's try
this weekend wait is it in range I don't
know okay nope no it's not there's the
point using it right and you can't hit
them with your bazooka even no no shit
me too boo boom and you won't be able to
defeat him in time one of y'all is gonna
get smacked it's not a big deal one
y'all is gonna get smacked rich it's not
a big deal okay okay you know what
totally fair hey come Maxine who says
hey guys normally I wouldn't post links
but this shit deserves to be made fun of
you made fun of the trailer now make fun
of the six minute short the six minutes
short of what they made it they made a
shit a Bladerunner short who did the
Warner Brothers
that's fine we'll check that out come X
Ian thank you for sharing that here get
out of here okay I got that bookmark now
thank you
little six-minute short like a little
prequel shortened
like three more movement points but
still get a decent flank on them still
get a decent flank on
kaleidoscope yeah or kaleidoscopic you
have a pizza roll you do some coffee in
my belly
coffee for me yeah I probably won't
reach any plans to play the Dishonored 2
DLC that's so much shit to play probably
not for a while right I I don't I mean I
really liked Dishonored 2 I had a good
time playing it I don't necessarily feel
inclined to go back to that world for
more of its story so coffee a bunny
boyfriend I believe both of us are
enjoying the Mario games so far yeah
[Music]
later this week we're probably gonna
fill my review on it so maybe at the end
of the week you'll have some some nice
well thought out and edited thoughts on
the game there are some things that
bother me about it Rabbids I like the
rabbits rich links there like the
rabbits now I don't like rich anymore
your dick I'll take that take that
[Music]
let's see here Humberto cabbage match
this game of thrones will be one of the
last big shows that people watch all at
once
ie episodes airing at a certain time
versus all episodes being released at
once I think this is a good evolution of
TV what's problem now the question is of
weekly episodes versus binge watching
that's a fine thing I love doing it
binge watching yes there's nothing
better nothing better than finding a
good show and having another episode
ready that the wait I agree Wow
I think it's it's up to the creators and
if they want a weekly way they can still
make that happen but they still do that
for Hulu shows and Amazon shows like
that's still a thing that they can make
happen and that's up to them I like
binge watching just because if I have
the time and I'm really into a show I
want to watch as much of it as humanly
possible so that's the thing this arias
we got six episodes of the tick and
according to the creator they wanted to
break this season in half to discourage
binge watching and I think that's bull
hockey because if you want to discourage
binge watching then just you know that's
awesome Peter Serafinowicz says the tick
was he's great and he does a great tick
it's a it's a different spin if you're
used to the cartoon or if you're used to
the Patrick Warburton tick it's a
different spin but it works and I really
as someone who is a huge fan of the
cartoon and a pretty big fan of the
comic books I think I think Peter
Serafinowicz does a really good job so I
really recommend the tick oh good good
on you Mario just out of the blast
as a spring mm-hmm so what does so it's
a Mario ring if it's crap if you take
yeah you're just gonna knock him back
goodbye
nice nice I love this guy
smooch smooch you can still love the
cartoon tick I still loved the cartoon
tick dude sweep dub skip read the depth
we know it's great what were you doing
that's the rest of the song that's the
rest of the song rich and then they go
skipped it so you can like both there
there are very different tones and
they're different enough where you can
let you can still enjoy both sorry job
I'll try not to scat anymore
dr. doom ANOVA says Mario at war feels
kind of weird I love it
here's I mean basically the original
Mario games Mario is at war he just does
so by murdering his foes with his own
feet so I got Scott what's silly jumping
moves yeah but by the way those silly
jumping moves they make it fun well I
think I know right I like the silly
jumping moves
if rich like this he should try this
little game called XCOM I think that was
a joke it's okay sure yeah you can never
know been Edlund yes did have direct
involvement with the cartoon actually
but he also had direct involvement with
the Patrick Warburton show and yeah he's
he does the Venture Brothers he does a
lot Ben Edlund does a lot and he's he's
a main force with this Amazon show with
the tick and and it shows like a lot of
the jokes are there like instead of you
know the the cartoon took potshots at
comic-book heroes the show takes
potshots at modern-day comic book movies
and it works yeah
all of this is bad yeah you got shit
movement right now man honest question
is the office the best sitcom ever if if
you are um if you are including single
camera sitcoms I might have to go with
Arrested Development
I love for Seinfeld Seinfeld great
Seinfeld's great well I once I said
single cameras it comes right if you're
if you're talking classic three cameras
it comes
you got your Seinfeld's that's a great
one I know this this might be terribly
pretentious of me but I Love Lucy I
still have a lot of love for the that's
kind of they were kind of the originator
of the three camera format these ice
bricks they they get blowed up in two
hits I've seen it blown up in one I
think it I think for all destructible
cover it's it's randomized I want to say
but I don't know
one good rocket did the trick
no not Lucy the film with Scarlett
Johansson I Love Lucy and that meant
that I've seen that film with Scarlett
Johansson I look you're right no first
of all you're right and I do but it also
the show I love I Love Lucy as well
[Laughter]
they made a Lucy movie with ScarJo know
that luc besson made Ashlock e action
movie with Scarlett Johansson called
Lucy in which she she took a drug to use
more than 10% of her brain and that
turned her into a kung-fu action star a
movie I have not seen but really want to
because I love Luc Besson and I love
schlocky action movies so they're saying
bed Edlund did three episodes of Venture
Brothers and they're all great three and
I did the one the Scooby Doo parody what
other ones did he do mm-hmm I think the
Venture Brothers the people in charge
the Venture Brothers they used to write
for the tick oh yeah yeah okay that I
that would make sense cuz aren't they
aren't they just taking on the like the
Jonny Quest
yeah old style of like action surreal
there's a lot of superhero stuff in the
end the Venture Brothers do though oh
sure oh nice cool
there's an axe cop show yeah have you
ever read the axe cock comics familiar
with it I have not read it no oh man for
anyone who doesn't know axe cop is a
series of comic books I want to say
they're written by a six-year-old yep
they're written by a six-year-old and
drawn by his older brother and it's
exactly as crazy as a six-year-old would
write a comic book starring an axe cop a
cop who has an axe I want to say there's
dinosaurs involved I didn't know they
had a show that's great
I have too many favorite tic episodes I
don't know if I could choose just one
arranging that's always shit X cap show
aired late night on Saturdays on Fox it
did poorly well yeah
it's alright XCOM yeah it gets old quick
oh yeah in my opinion hmm I guess I
could see that I'm not terribly
surprised by it but you know it gets old
instantly they're saying
what's going on you know a sensible
adult would bring keys yes how am I
gonna get home give me the house key and
you can get on with your other can I
only had it's gonna be late when I get
home and the doors get relaxed and she's
gonna be taking a nap okay rich is gonna
be right back okay just fine how are you
doing except for you lost your keys so
rich she lost her keys
well no I like my friend is over my
friend is in town and she's visiting
yeah and so I had a couple of pictures
that we hadn't put up yet since last
time she was here like well we better
put him off so she could see her yeah a
new wall art so I put them up and I put
my keys on my keyboard I put up a key
hook because I thought I mean I usually
use my tile like I have a digital okay
yeah but you know so I could find them
that way if I don't know what I do with
them but I thought I'll put I'll be a
grown-up and I'll put a key hook on the
wall so I put my keys on the thing and
then I wasn't driving she was driving so
I just so you left your keys on the nice
key that you're not used to grabbing
from I'm just throwing my purse or else
cause I'm somewhere and finding them
with the tile yeah so we get back to the
apartment and I'm like oh crap
and and I'm like well I guess I can get
the keys from rich I called here but he
well yeah streaming rights and it would
be it would be employed for a man for
his phone during a stream which he's
done several times you know drive over
here and I'll get rich is key and you're
just like how am I gonna get in rich
you know I'll be home I'll make sure
that I'm home and awake awake that's the
important like just if you're home
that's fine but awake is the important
part well good good chat we already did
talk about the tick have you seen the
new take it off okay what no that's
right you watched a little bit of it for
four no no they know you came over for
board game day yeah that's right that's
right because the boys have been
watching it cuz like just they're okay
with custom now everybody everybody's
cussing out it's just cussing is all
done and no worry about cussing right
and so there is cussing in the new tic
show a warning we I mean all the words
all the cuss words
oh yeah MF m f sh CS oh I don't know if
anyone gets called a cocksucker okay
alright well hi Karen by Karen what a
special surprise give it up for care
everybody
well you never know what's gonna she
went out the other door and she went out
one door and rich came in the other door
it was a farce a farce just happened
yay goodbye Karen hey welcome Karen it's
great
everything is great uh I caught you
clapped so good you everybody's
everything is great everything's great
where are we seeing
oh man I'm I'm really behind on tips
sorry everybody hold on
Jaden says hey guys after I saw you
streaming this game I had to buy XCOM -
this isn't the first time you made me
play a game because you always stream
interesting games keep up the good work
after seeing us play this someone went
right out and bought XCOM - in the
likely event yeah that she falls asleep
and locks at the door yeah I might need
a place to crash tonight okay yeah nope
nope
yeah there how's that I think it's
alright okay great for now he's not
sleeping in the doghouse he's sleeping
in the cathouse
so he's never keys to the cathouse right
it'll be fine it'll be fine I know like
tonight's the big season finale of Twin
Peaks actually last night I finally but
I bit the bullet and and we we got our
seven day free Showtime trial of
possibly playing for Showtime I started
watching Twin Peaks yesterday the new
Twin Peaks and the first episode is so
David Lynch it's so David Lynch it hurts
not I'm not saying it's a bad thing
but uh I want you I got one episode down
of the new Twin Peaks so I've one
episode down I don't know anything
beyond that but I'm I'm excited I'm not
spoiling anything obviously because a
lot of people have not seen it yet but
so far I dug it I dug what they were
doing damn well you can still get behind
him
now you do this yeah but you won't be
able to hit him well he's he's not gonna
get a shot anyway he's don't Werner
hitting anybody
oh sure sure psyche that actually could
still destroy that cover if I really
wanted to uh it doesn't hurt my own guy
yeah and that won't hit him for anything
this there you go you could stomp on his
head
and then just shoot him in the back yep
shoot him right in the goddamn back oh
now you're fucked son us mad strats Jack
can you explain this game to me I'm not
getting it so far it's XCOM man that's
grid-based movement and turn-based
tactical shooting at each other just
that easy
let's see here true blue channel says
another streamer I'm currently watching
play this said that this game is
actually more complex than XCOM because
of the wider skill trees diverse
environments and bigger weapon variety
[Music]
maybe a different bigger weapon variety
but really that the weapon variety isn't
that much because it's just the same
weapon with different stats
like higher stats they're just basically
upgrade some of the weapons have like
status effects like spraying more but an
XCOM that's directly equivalent to the
different ammo types right so that's
about a wash ok there's different skills
like movement skills like looking like
the jumping skills but the XCOM does
have the same like jump on your team is
they're still traversing like the
grappling hook and whatnot right right
so I think it's a horse a piece for as
far as like depth of gameplay as far as
the why I've got a lot further to go in
this yeah I'm gonna say X comes deeper
but this isn't this isn't shallow right
yeah that's a fair you know what that's
a fierce discuss this is completely
lacking like like the base building type
elements right that an XCOM has oh god
writin which can completely change your
strategy depending on what what part of
the base you build so yeah
DEP dill says XCOM doesn't have puzzles
I would say neither does this game you
just walk around the puzzles here are
very light that's not strategic def
puzzles are not strategic depth it's
just it's puzzles oh I thought I get
bounced off him to do it I don't have to
anyway everything's fine
yeah you're fine
you know what you're fine
anonymous says hijack and rich I'm
starting a weekly ish bad Movie Club at
my college to watch garbage with friends
that's a great idea anonymous wondering
if you had any tips or suggestions you
guys Rock
Labor Day happy Labor Day says Jimmy I
mean just watch all those old best to
the worst episodes you'll find some good
ones in there you know there's there's
nothing I would recommend outside those
episodes button except for life force if
you haven't seen life force you should
definitely see that mega it's overkill
the GR there's a bad movie discussion
happening over on reddit about like what
what what's the bad movie that you would
use to torture someone like it was your
job to torture someone with a bad movie
right thanks well well here's here's
what I said Rach I would go for the
triple feature things the jar and DB
Cooper versus Bigfoot not TV Cooper no
not TV Cooper I would start with
something a little more innocuous to
create a false sense of security
okay so something like what did I say DB
Cooper would have I mean that's great
you love things can't right out of here
things no human being loves nobody loves
things no sane person loves things oh
okay no so you know what I'd start with
the item do you remember the idol so now
the item is bad but it's not
horrendously bad and so it's a low point
of this though exactly to torture
someone but that's that's the thing rich
it's not horrendously bad so you you
show that to your torture victim and
they go this is all you got I can deal
with that the other waste they say I can
deal with that then you hit them with
things and things is an awful terrible
confusing movie then when they're just
at their breaking point you hate them
with the jar and their brain turns to
mush and you can get anything you want
out of them that sounds fantastic
Zach that is fun to watch we're talking
about movies that aren't fun to watch
right something that would destroy
someone's will to live yep go back read
some they explore I explore I don't know
what you want me to go back to and
that's how that thing
I don't think I've ever seen laser hawk
know Richard using laser hawk which one
is that mark hamill film take the
sanchong with you I can't
oh you can't pick it up yet no okay yeah
that's what you wanted that's the thing
I'm not currently capable of so well you
got the other thing that's all that
matters you did it
let's see here Dream Theater 13:10 says
please please do a half in the bag for
rich and I have no control over what and
a half in the bag yeah
gets made so like I could I could tag
best of the worst yeah yeah best or if
you might have a saying I have the baton
you know um I'm not doing reviews on
ain't got no say there nope nope
sometimes Mike and J yeah well Michael J
what you're going to review it doesn't
work I thought I think even if we said
hey I've heard you should do this
they're gone all right and they wouldn't
do it like that's not like they they
would forget about it the second we left
the room some
anonymous says Jack I've been getting
into hip-hop recently run the jewels
they stopped rock Tyler the Creator nice
MF DOOM Death Grips and stuff like that
do you have any suggestions for further
listening for no man that's the great
that's that you already got it man
you've got the good stuff you got the
fucking good stuff right there I really
enjoy I'm listening to Kendrick Lamar's
damn right now and I think it's a really
good album it's very chill so if you're
into stuff like like Aesop Rock and run
the jewels which is really like hard and
bombastic it's it'll be a gear shift for
you but it's really chill good hip-hop
also if you are if you want to get a
little more schlocky a little more
schlocky maybe a little more gangsta I
really recommend ASAP Rocky he has a
really good album and he has an album
that I listened to a lot a SAP rocky and
it's it's ASAP spelled a dollar sign ap
rocky Rich is totally into it don't
pretend like you're not long live ASAP
gangsta yeah
yeah I can turn it up a little bit no
problem so I I really like that all you
need to do is if you want to be sold on
an ace SAP rocky go and listen to the
song one train it's him it's Drake it's
Danny Brown
it's Kendrick Lamar is on it the it's
one train is an amazing song also if
you've never listened to whoo tang if I
can listen to some who Tang enter the
wu-tang is a really great album that I
think everyone who's into hip hop shit
on just because I think yeah they want
the music and the game up a little bit
rich so I'm going to turn it up a little
bit just a little bit for you guys there
you go music in the game is up a little
bit now jack is talking Chinese to me I
know it's I just I just I just like that
I like to hip hop wu-tang clan first of
all we Tang Clan ain't nothing to fuck
with and that's something you should
know right off the bat nice oh you got
this you got this totally so yeah get
enter the wu-tang get long live ASAP get
trying to think what else what else I
just really enjoying listening to off
off the cuff I get a most def album most
def isn't is a great rapper so what else
is around here that I need to find
but I can do yet I hate I hate this
Metroidvania style should like see all
this shit you don't remember what you
have to come back for and use books and
it's not even Metroidvania salikus like
you like in metroid you actually are
supposed to go through the we know like
you backtrack and that's a purposeful
game tiller huh it's filler and here
it's failure in Metroid it's filler
backtracking is part of the gameplay
because it leads to more exploring areas
where you need to backtrack in order to
get to the next area here you don't have
to backtrack
[Music]
way you like Death Grips I've never
heard Death Grips but if you're
comparing them to the likes of run the
jewels and Aesop Rock I I'm like and MF
DOOM I might give them a listen yeah
that's where I came from I was down here
of just this I was wasted that's a waste
of everything oh I'm sorry rich I'm so
sorry Death Grips is a lot more intense
okay I'll give them a listen I'll try to
I will do my best to remember to listen
to it how long are these segments
between the gameplay too long sometimes
they can be a lot of it's optional yeah
and then you want to find different
weapons because there might be it might
be a good operate yeah but yeah a lot of
a lot of the treasure boxes you find her
just like concept art right or a 3d
model that you can look at later that's
that's a horse horse malarkey I don't I
don't have to do this shit that I'm
doing yeah but I don't want to miss out
on a good weapon either so I'm doing it
right
see CR w I've heard Dalek
I have heard Dalek I'm okay with I'm
okay with Dalek the band
that's here where are we
Anonymous's hijack just want to thank
you for sharing your weight-loss tactics
over the past few years
I'm currently down 20 pounds and I'm
officially no longer overweight thanks
for the tips follow-up oh the next one
do you have any good muscle building
tactics that won't involve me spending a
lot of money on jaemor equipment now
that I'm approaching scrawny again I
need to start bulking up in the right
places no and I know nothing about
gaining muscle I'm barely figured out
how to lose weight find yourself a nice
a nice web form for building muscle I
got nothing like and I can't help you
I'm very sorry but really really happy
to hear that you found some weight loss
tactics that worked for you it's it's
tough and it's a it's a daily it's
something you have to think about every
single day if you want to do a right
button good on you it's worth it
never-ending battle it is a never-ending
battle always yeah always it is always
end and that's the thing like a lot of
people go into a diet thinking like oh
I'll go on this diet and then eventually
I'll go off the diet and you just don't
because you know then you gain the
weight back
so it's good it's but it's good it's
worth it that's all I can say is it's is
it's it's never been not worth it for me
since I've lost the weight you feel
better no it ends when you die
mr. I love the ant says there's a ton of
workout videos on YouTube 1525 and $40
dumbbells can go a long way absolutely
and then you know just make sure that
you are changing your diet appropriately
for bulk days as opposed to cut days and
I'm sure I'm sure there's someone out
there who can help you a lot better than
I can
good luck mr. anonymous not ASAP Iraq
ASAP rocky look up one train listen to
the song one train by ASAP Rocky and it
will convince you to get the album
attended the album's good long live ASAP
there is
yeah good if you're if you're going on a
diet get really really used to grilled
chicken grip that's it that's that's the
most that's my grilled chicken that's
all you got
[Music]
Thank You beefcake for linking to one
train great fucking song
great fucking song
that's your paying it's not gonna let it
turn lock is it you can go you can turn
it well if you get closer you have to
press the a and then you get like a
little cutscene but look at his face
it's supposed he's supposed to be being
you oh yeah
Jack is all about that thug life I enjoy
you know if you uh if you listen to ever
listen to someone like you know dr. Dre
talk about NWA or you know like any any
gangsta rapper who's wasn't really that
gangster back in the day they always
talked about it being like a bit of an
exaggeration and more just about what
was happening in their neighborhood not
necess not necessarily that they were
the gangster but they're just talking
about experiences that they've had in
their neighborhood and I like that I
like people telling stories
I could do this but it's still like I'm
literate I cover what if you shotgun
that brick yes yes
well can you not a madam
dick super worried about
that's true and Zelda breath of the wild
is also out on the Wii U so you don't
need a switch to play it and apparently
the the emulated version because there
is a Wii U emulator out there that's
apparently pretty functional they now
have breath of the wild the the ROM
version playing at a stable 60 frames a
second so the PC the the illegal PC
version is now up to snuff do you own
the copy of the game again fuck you I
wasn't trying to bring up you don't give
a f--- I wasn't trying to bring up the
thing I I think the message here is to
tend to get your shit together and
release a console that isn't subpar by
modern standards you know that's the
message I might take away from this they
could they could they could probably
make a pretty penny releasing all their
games on multiple platforms you know I
still have your hardware you tend to
take it to go
we need an emote of rich wearing a
pirate hat in an eyepatch on it
rich yeah this is a good question here
would you say this game adds enough to
the genre that it is not a complete
ripoff of XCOM yes
okay stuff like the movement yappin the
abilities are different same genre but
it's a different game it's not a reskin
bright I can be with you there I don't
think I've heard Jack's opinions on
games like mega maker mega maker is more
of a gray area because they are just
don't but just just this is there's no
there's no good that can come of this
I'm just gonna state my page well he cuz
here you know you might like this
because here's here's what mega maker is
doing sure they're taking a a
copyrighted image right but they are
taking a piece of art and distorting it
enough to make it their own thing right
they're not just taking the game and you
know taking the code and putting it on
the computer they they it's being
transformed mega maker is being
transformative of the original art I
can't reach him
it's fanfiction well well but like I
said more importantly they are doing
something new with with this character
and so like if you're someone like me
and is okay with hip-hop artists taking
samples and reimagining them into their
songs I'm a little more okay with
something like mega maker because
they're taking the sprites and finding a
new way to arrange them for our
enjoyment so obviously technically
speaking they can't make any money but
it's a free game so they're not making
any money off of it so it really doesn't
matter but if if it would be a shame
well no I'm not really because you know
they could just rescan everything it
would be a shame if someone like Sega
are not so sorry Capcom wanted to take
down mega maker because the use of copy
written images that would be a shame
hopefully a nice reskin would work I
know that's what the Zelda someone made
out like a zeldo maker yeah and and then
intend to shut them down and so they're
just rescanning you know
that's not hip-hop sampling that's a
remix exactly and that's that's why I'm
saying I'm more okay with something like
reg mega maker there their remix in
there doing their own thing kind of like
20xx doing their own thing everybody
knows it's everyone knows it's rogue
like Megaman but you put you slap a new
coat of skin on I know it's some
different what a letdown
oh it's just like a piece of art yeah no
nothing's good unless it's a golden box
the golden boxes are the ones that have
the weapons in them so blue yeah I did
play pokemon uranium and I know that's
basically the same thing I actually I've
played a few like pokemon rom hacks
where they they try to make their own
game using the basic code of Pokemon
like I said that those those situations
I'm a little more forgiving as far as my
personal opinion and please keep in mind
it's just my opinion because they are
they're doing something new they're
doing some fresh
I did I played Pokemon uranium on stream
a bit I was actually the only thing I
was upset about with Pokemon uranium was
they have real Pokemon in there I
thought they were going to a hundred
percent make their own thing but they
still have real Pokemon in there that's
an interesting ability
I haven't played around too much with it
yeah I can tell you that later enemies
in the game have that ability and it has
fucked me royally they do that to you
yeah I look like I feel like I have
really good cover and I'm ready to make
my move the next turn and all of a
sudden they use that ability and all my
guys are out in the open and dead it's a
fuck you know he uses that ability first
everyone takes a shot because they're no
longer in cover it's deadly
yes rich is really liking the game yeah
yeah and I think currently rich has two
rapids on his squad yeah you're rocking
the Mario and Luigi rabbit I think it's
fair I'm thinking about changing up I
don't know how I feel about captain no
range right if if you if you you can
give him some more movement points and
then he can really like get behind there
and hit multiple people with his shotgun
which is very nice I don't have more
movement points you don't have more and
and he does have the four hit three
people in his - hit if you build him up
he can be really nice I I really like
Mario Luigi Luigi rapid that's my usual
go-to team I was playing around a little
bit with peach because she has a really
good heal ability a button I'm not gonna
use him until I get my hammer Tiberius I
I have one rabid it's and my and the
rabbit is usually Mario Luigi rabid
Luigi and then I swap between regular
Luigi and Peach probably just gonna
stick with regular Luigi peach is a
really good healer what are three dashes
yeah she has three dashes - and the
upgrade the damage that's really useful
she's got a heel which I need to upgrade
it I'm right I'm not feeling much
healing coming from that well that's why
I that's why I usually switch I usually
just go the luigi's in Mario because
then I just killed them fast enough
where I don't even need to heal
no I like peach peach has the shotgun
she has the duck grenade which comes in
handy very often
I really like the duck grenade and I
like her jump yell that has that has
saved my ass a few times but that's the
thing rabid Luigi has that vampire heel
which also does damage to the enemies
which which is that has worked out
better for me that vamp eel is where
it's at man
good evening crunchy let's see here dr.
doom it up says hey guys first live
scream in a while and he plans for
another euro friendly stream in the
future so tired right now
also Rich's death star popcorn machine
bit had me laughing in tears I did watch
that after the stream yeah yeah that was
a great fire that was a great fire
unplanned I know it's beautiful that's
what I'm saying is it's beautiful that
was a beautiful fire yeah well do it we
can do another euro friendly stream you
know it'll help me slowly goat rich into
a into earlier start times do some day
streams
you know if you guys if you have home
really early streams I'll just start
streaming at like 10 in the morning but
it'll be me cleaning up Legos if you
guys are ok with that I'll just do an in
real life stream from like 10 to noon
every day and it'll just be me
organizing Legos in our basement which
are unholy goddamn mess so if that's not
you think you'll like you know ever
every every day just you know we'll talk
about the news of the day while I clean
Legos no not building Legos me cleaning
up Legos I have oh I have all these at
home I have all these wonderful bins and
I have like the little screw and bolts
organizers that you get at Home Depot
for the tiny Legos and the idea is what
we would organize all of our Legos it'd
be really easy to find the piece but
then when you want to clean up quickly
just kind of shove them all into one bin
and then every once in a while we take
the bin dump it out and organize all the
little pieces and I haven't done it in
so long
that all of our Legos are a mess so I'm
not the dad from the lego movie like I
let my kids build whatever they want
everyone says that everyone calls me
president business but no they build
whatever they want I'm trying to make it
easy easier for them to find the piece
that they're looking for when they say
oh I want to build a tank or whatever
right and then but I need this piece and
I say well I can show you exactly where
that is because I put all these pieces
here and then it's I'm teaching my
children how to be organized and if you
are organized it helps facilitate
creativity
just still using an inferior blaster I'm
a dumbass oh you are on damage of
bounced damage I gave what's your face
on the honey damage so I think we're
gonna go with bounce yeah yeah and
they're both good
you know there's they both do different
things they both work Jack and shorts
picking up Lego action that's what it
would be if it so if that's what you
want you let me know I'll make that
happen
bi-weekly no not bi-weekly maybe a
bimonthly Lego organization stream is me
drinking coffee or gonna hand Legos
how does you organize healthier kids
learn the importance of organizing we
usually do it together they won't do it
no they won't organize on their own but
the hope is that they will enjoy the
organization so much that it's something
they take with them one stayed to up
jacket won't was all right well I'm
sorry
yes and I'll make sure biscuits down
there for the stream said it'll be me
organizing Legos with biscuit all right
who else is around but I gotta worry
about that guy who's over here it was
one out in the open all right all right
right but you just you just have to get
to the area here
this isn't about this isn't about
killing anyone
thank you for the straw poll for if
anyone wants to do a you're a friendly
Lego tidying stream but it looks like
overwhelming the votes are now yeah
that's fair you know what that's fair
probably should have brought Luigi
do you have them organized by color than
my type by brick oh god why couldn't
stop asking about vote so you know the
bigger piece is just by color you know
like a big bull a big Blin
big bin of the whites the blues the
blacks the greens for any of the bigger
bricks as you get to these smaller more
specific pieces that's when you need to
start organizing by type and not
necessarily by color and so we have one
bin that's all just the tours you know
just the two by one brick we have one
that's all just like the lava the the
like curved circle on one end with the
four on the other end as you get smaller
it's more important to organize by type
and that's what the the little you know
you go to Home Depot and you can get the
drawers that are full of that helped
organize screws and nuts and bolts those
are great for organizing smaller LEGO
pieces and we right now we currently
have only one bin that's all guys you
know like all the guy parts all that the
heads the bodies the legs and then
another bin for all the accessories that
can go with that and that includes
weapons so weapons accessories has won
bin guys is another bin but I'm starting
to think that actually we need to
organize the guys a little more
efficiently because my kids like to rip
apart the guys and build their own
unique guys
shit this weekend previously recorded to
atheism versus agnosticism and Lego
organization this is why I subscribe to
you guys exactly yeah this is this is a
those are the two topics that are most
important to rich and I his Lego
organization and and atheism versus
agnosticism oh man you guys really want
me to do Lego organization stream great
our unit Lego or just your kids my kids
more so than me I don't know I don't
have the time if if I had all the time
and money in the world yes I would build
Legos all the time I love I love putting
Legos together I love following
instructions and putting the sets
together and then I love to make my own
things Legos are great Legos are fucking
great but no they're I don't have an
Excel spreadsheet for my Lego
organization a lot of its just freeform
because you know you start to make piles
of like LEGO pieces and then you have to
just make a call do all of these go
together or is it better if I separate
this down even more she rich
[Music]
you know like for example there are two
different grades in the Lego world
there's the light gray and the dark gray
this is a conversation we're happy I
don't know if it's horrible or great or
what rich this is something that is very
important to me and so you know if you
don't have a lot of Legos you can put
all your grace together your like greys
and your dark grains but as soon as you
get a few sets you're gonna realize
there's a big difference between your
light Gray's and your dark Gray's and
then if you're organizing your wheels do
you put the full wheel together do you
put the rubber and the inners in
separate places
it's these this is a what so in any case
there's there's a lot of options when I
do my gyro friendly Lego cleaning
streams I'll show you my my setup it's
pretty awesome
the favorites set that I've built that I
have currently I bought myself the
Clayface from the Lego Batman movie
because I love clay clay face and
there's a really neat clay face from the
like a Batman movie he actually has a
mouth that you can move to make
different faces he has cool big hands a
shooter so I really like my Lego
Clayface
retro mania og says to be fair this
isn't discussing the terms and service
of twitch so it's better and see the
doctor smoke trees doctor Smoketree says
looking for pieces is no fun at all
which is why organizing them ahead of
time is how you make it fun if you know
you want to build something and you know
exactly where those pieces are it makes
for a much better building experience
what's the strength what's the story
what is the stretch
so who's got movement left a lot of
people okay then you got a lot of strats
what what how did you do that and fun
that's fine
[Music]
[Music]
what is the process called when you lay
out the light kind pieces for a build
it's called no Ling it's a fuckin name
oh no that's no Ling is organizing
anything by like shape size or color so
no lling is the process of organizing in
general and it's it's especially useful
when building Legos you you know when
you open up the bag for a set you know
them you put them all in like shape
color and sizes and then when you build
they're really easy to find
I do not super glue my Legos together
knowing yep you guys got it I do not use
the kragle you guys are crazy so and
yeah that's basically what I'm doing
with a moment when I'm organizing my
Legos after the fact is I'm just putting
them in places where it's easy to find
them I used to like the original space
Lego but now it's all boring Star Wars
shit yeah very true that is very true
like we a set we just got a little bit
ago we got a space shuttle which has
been a really you know it's just like
the classic space shuttle not Star Wars
you know and I've really liked it and it
has the the really cool like half curve
longer pieces that have been we've been
able to turn into other spacecrafts very
easily it so nice rich then you know
like there's some cool sets in the
branded stuff the set that I really
wanted they have a mr. Frese from the
lego batman movie that looks fucking
bad-ass like a big mech suit mr. Frese I
really want that
[Music]
and they have that new lego ninjago
movie coming out and they'll it looks
like they have some really neat I do I
like the big robots like the big mech
suit robots so the lego ninjago movie
has some neat mech robot sets so I'm
excited about all that as that's usually
like that's half of like Christmas and
birthdays at our house is just LEGO sets
fucking Legos everywhere
let's see what we got here
casual horse says I hardly play video
games
I cannot stand side scrollers especially
with double jumps and I don't care for
superhero movies yet I still love your
channel thanks for all the great
entertainment well thank you casual arse
idea whatever you find here we
appreciate it we appreciate your
patronage
[Music]
rich is playing a Rabbids game and jack
is talking about Legos is this the most
baby friendly streamer what fuck yet is
this one's for the kids
alright anonymous says I need your help
settling a debate if someone if someone
buys a gift for someone else who does it
belong to the person who bought it or
the person who receives it receives it
but only after they received it is the
buyer allowed to take it back no no not
after it has been given that is true you
can just never give it to them and
change your mind about whether or not
you wanted to give it to them right once
once the gift has been given there's no
take-backsies no backsies on gifts yep
there there's actually something there
there is a the engagement ring law the
the question is rich is if someone gets
engaged to someone else and and they
give them like you know a ring for you
know because they love them do you do
they legally have the right to get that
engagement ring back after like if the
right if the engagement breaks off
i-i've you the engagement ring
specifically yes as a sort of contract
if if there has been an actual marriage
it is hers yes if she calls it off
mm-hmm she should give it back if he
calls it off so you're half right so
there is a laws yeah and the law states
that if either call it off
he whoever bought the ring gets it back
yeah okay because it was it was meant as
a contract and it was meant as a gift
yes I could be calling it off because
she did something horrible right all
right
I'll let you know Ali would agree to
that and so so legally speaking any gift
that's given for the contractor out of
love or whatever has to be returned to
the purchaser but let's say he bought
her a laptop and then called the
engagement off he cannot ask for the
laptop back so that's actually a real
thing that happens but no any gift that
you give is then that person's thing
that they can do with what they want
even if what they want to do is return
it to the store and get store credit
like them that's their thing then you
just gave him a shitty gift that's not
gives better that was mean of me to say
and I'm sorry what if the gift was a
Lego set then the the receiver gets to
keep that be the fiance gets to keep
that or ex-fiance
no horse or thinketh of whale hey rich
yeah would you rather be playing XCOM
right now fine with both of these things
you can like two different things
hmm every oh so says my husband bought
me a laptop and Legos for my birthday
those are legit love gifts but what I'm
saying is you can't you you are under no
legal obligation to give those back
unlike the ring which you are under a
legal obligation to give back let's just
go back there's a lot just goes back I
would also assume that yeah
what if a laptop is given in lieu of a
ring I think you would find yourself
with quite the burden of proof unless
you have it in green engraved on the
laptop that you are giving it to them in
lieu of a ring and that the laptop
symbolizes your contract of marriage you
would probably have a really hard time
proving that in court
that your laptop was given to them in
lieu of a ring yeah you would need a
picture of you kneeling with and opening
a laptop that's what you would need
[Laughter]
voltage surge I assume that yes rich
we'll get into the XCOM to expansion
yeah just not wherever we're playing
this right now these things came out of
the same fucking time the same day yeah
it's the exact same day so yes we will
get into the xm2 expansion I can only
assume that will be many streams as rich
really gets into XCOM so
so anyway anonymous as far as gifts are
concerned I don't know I don't know who
you're having this debate with but if
they ever give you a gift be really wary
of it because this seems like a very
simple thing once you give a gift it is
then that person's okay if ferret in -
772 s has finally made it to extreme
didn't realize I have a free
subscription so here you guys go
thanks for joining it up with me Jack
and rich I still owe you a free game
from the first soul stream there you go
those golden boxes have the weapons in
him the blue prism says hi again guys I
recently was able to grab the witness
for $10
did I just get fucked by the unholy cock
of Jonathan Blow is it worth 10 bucks I
have heard some people say it is I don't
think it is but some people really like
it you do you man
but yeah you do you it's if if you're
into that kind of thing that's great
maybe maybe you will get $10 of
enjoyment out of it
[Music]
Feridun says rich I played enemy unknown
within for hundreds of hours it's one of
my top games ever but I avoided XCOM 2
because a good friend of mine said it
was bad and reviews I read weren't hold
on it's great
well I know you think it's great I'll
tell you who thinks it's bad people who
get upset that turtle strats don't
really work as well anymore hmm
one of us is one of the most effective
ways to play X come the the you know
enemy within the enemy unknown yeah was
by hanging back hunkering down making
sure you're always under good cover yeah
yeah this is not a bad thing I enjoy
that game yeah
ex-cons who wanted to shake it up they
wanted to force you to be aggressive and
move so some missions have most missions
have some sort of timer okay it's a big
adjustment yeah I got used to it like I
think I liked it better well that was
the question is which would you like
better the original orc you you need to
X count of 1 is is following your this
is my plan this is my procedure this is
what works we're gonna follow the plan
and we're gonna win sometimes the next
come to you have to improvise I think
that's a good thing yeah I think that's
a good thing
forces you to think on your feet yeah
alright I like them bTW boo-boo beat it
boo boo I think that's a fine girl you
know I had some fun with X come to it
was it's not necessarily my thing but I
enjoyed what I played of it
what's the next thing I want to unlock
for Mario
anyone know what stream Jason died in
that was um FTJ faster than Jason just
one up didn't it yeah for some reason
when I was cutting up streams I forgot
to upload that one to YouTube and so
it's and I don't know why it just it
just didn't go up and so on it's out of
order but that one just went up
yesterday I think
FTJ faster than Jason that one has the
Jason killing him
and yes it was a legit Jason kill some
people thought it more impressive than
others Karen like bored ha ha ha
that's 70s save it for that one hundred
and thirty percent damage for your
overwatch shots that you get too old
yeah yes of course
two free shots that's 130 percent damage
ways away from affording that it's a
night that's a nice upgrade oh yeah no
doubt no doubt
Theodore Larson I will be honest with
you I have not played overwatch since
before doom fist came out there we've
had a ton of other things to play
overwatch used to be the thing that I
would I would start playing like if I
just had like a half hour to kill and
now I find myself just getting in a
quick game of pub G and actually going
back to Team Fortress 2 and just getting
a couple a couple rounds of a Team
Fortress 2 game in so nothing against
overwatch I still think it's a great
game they have some new maps coming out
which I so I'll probably hop on when the
new maps come out but
you know it's nothing against overwatch
I just for some reason don't feel like
playing it except my invites so we can
poop gu okay Jurgis I think I have some
some free some free slots I like that
every once in a while and you know like
I'll hop on pub G and hang out in the
lobby for a little bit see if anyone
invites me to a game and cuz you know
the games with other people are always
more fun
but since they ruined Divac I know
they've been working a lot on diva I was
reading I forget if it was an article or
if it was just someone's like blog posts
somewhere basically saying that they are
trying to turn every character into
soldier 76 is they're trying to
basically make everyone DPS have one
large-scale weapon and have a
self-healing ability does I mean they're
ruining it well it means they have this
diverse cast of characters who in a
team-based game can function really
magically together if everyone knows
what they're doing and if everyone's
communicating but not everyone knows
what they're doing in that everyone's
communicating and so they want to also
make sure that if you're playing in a
group of people who aren't communicating
you can still have a decent time and
soldier 76 is really good at that at
like just handling his own business
he has his a good damage per second
weapon with machine gun he has a rocket
launcher and he has an ability to heal
himself which means like he can just
hang out and do his own thing
and not be dependent on another teammate
and it seems like they're trying to do
that with a lot of other hero
homogenizing Sunday that's a great way
to put it thank you why do they want
this over well the overwatch dev team is
doing this to make sure that you can
have a good time and not be dependent on
your team
which i think is a bad decision oh look
at that mailbox that's a silver vault
that's great I might need that look I
mean
oh nice vamp damage too so in any case I
like like I said it's nothing
personalized I loved overwatch I have a
ton of hours into it and I but I just
haven't been playing it recently only
two healers in the entire game that can
solo heal which is really faith well and
that like that's the other thing is like
they they tried to introduce another
healer character but almost no one uses
an ax as a healer everyone uses her as
an offensive sniper and now they are
changing up mercy to make her more of a
battle medic which means that mercy is
going to be healing even less people
lucio at least has a passive heal so he
can still shoot at people while healing
others around him but for someone like
me who plays a lot of mercy actually
I've been reading about all the changes
they're making a mercy in the PTR and
I'm fairly excited about it so maybe
when when they get that pushed out I'll
I'll hop back in again Anna is
absolutely the worst dealer I agree she
is the worst dealer and I don't much
care playing for her but I do like
playing as mercy and can they charge
through the no no they have to go around
alright alright I can handle this yeah I
can handle this
[Music]
as someone who doesn't play mercy her
changes seem cool they do like I I liked
the because Mercy's main superpower was
the team he'll like reviving everyone at
once which is very situational and
they're turning that from her big
superpower to a mild superpower that you
can use more often but only revives one
person I think that's a really that's
gonna be a game changer so our strategy
is concerned and they're just making it
so her main superpower makes her more
powerful in general which means all of
her superpowers respond quicker she's
faster stronger and can fly High Street
to you so I'm excited to mess around
with mercy once she gets her big change
but I bring him may have been a mistake
is what it is is what it is
[Music]
hey what you played mercy and PTR and
she's kind of shitty well you know we'll
see that's that's the whole point PTR is
there the public test region is
blizzards kind of like open beta where
they test out new features and iron out
oh yeah you remember to pay attention to
the weather
[Laughter]
awesome
that was awesome
public test region
oh yes actually right where I want him
just barely
public test realm is that what it's
called oh well I suppose I don't I don't
go into the PTR so I actually don't know
what it's called I assumed region but
Rama makes an equal amount of sense so
I'm not terribly surprised button oh
[Music]
okay
so when are we gonna get our first Lego
cleaning screen well I'll look into it
I'll look into it we can make this hat
we can make this a reality the Lego
cleaning stream you according to the
straw poll this seems like something
that you want after our first one we'll
see how many of you still want it ouch
we fine you know he doesn't come after
you if you do this right if you do what
if you hit down like that
yes we know cuphead is almost out we
will probably play it I'm not anti
playing cuphead I'm just to a shit
there's a lot there's a lot we're just
not because there's too much shit we're
not playing cuphead that's what by the
way rich I will stand by your decision
if that's your decision all right and
give a specific time with three months
and three months we'll play cuphead no
cuz then they'll be more to shit out
chicken flavored chicken we were talking
earlier about adding more gyro friendly
streams and I said if people really want
streams during the day I can stream
myself cleaning up Legos and it was half
a joke but people seem to be really ok
with it and so really they'll just force
me to organize my Legos at home which is
you know always always nice to have an
excuse to do that and yes then biscuit
will be there don't want him to be in
range that is a good call right as a
smart and good call
who out there
freez actually doesn't hurt you that
much
it just sounds mostly inconvenient well
just it blocks you from using your super
abilities right like you can still move
and use your regular fire but you just
can't use any of your super abilities
unless well you know that gets taken off
if someone pounces off you right think
away rich you do your thinking man put a
co pro on biscuit
oh you got him
oh nice get the mad flank flank against
the exploding ice bucket though yeah yep
[Music]
change plans okay change it up while you
figure this out I'm gonna take a small
bathroom break
figure it out rich oh fuck that still
work
[Music]
that might work
no no that's not what I wanted you to do
I wanted here sure that fucker wait a
fuckup Mario
[Music]
Marya was supposed to shoot the guy and
blow the thing up not run around to the
other side of the wall I was going to
shoot that guy and then see if there was
some better cover I could take back
there once the thing had exploded I
think we're gonna be all right
you want health not great
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
yeah
[Music]
[Music]
everybody I'm back if it's just Mario
with an ex-con skin I'll assume it's
super fun as we discussed earlier it's
actually a little bit more than that
very little as you see like what rich is
doing here with the the dash attacks the
jumping I think that this has a greater
emphasis on movement you you jump off of
your teammates you dash into enemies you
jump on enemies there is there's more
cute little fun elements to this then in
XCOM and so I think it's different
he's I guess what I'm saying
this would be much better with just
Nintendo characters and no Rabbids
fucking agree I like the Rabbids what do
you believe the big deal I find them to
be annoying
I don't like gremlins they're like
gremlins they're like gremlins oh you
know mischievous monsters they're fine I
will suck it up
I will accept that comparison the only
thing is they're not a horrible demon
monsters which I like over with the
gremlins
[Music]
I put Rabbids slightly below minions on
my things that I can't stand list so I
think minions are worse
rabbits are better but not by much
listen epic Jason critters is a while a
fine schlocky movie gremlins wins over
critters if we're just comparing movies
oh he needs to die or else you die yeah
nice ones we're gonna bolt oh sure that
would be ideal and you know actually
that yes that is a small complaint of
mine is like peach has a hand grenade
it's a rubber duck
and yeah and rabid Luigi has a missile
launcher they're effectively the same
thing no no they're they're a little bit
different but like you know how an X
come you could aim a grenade not at an
enemy yeah you could just aim it
anywhere so you could maybe blow up
multiple enemies or blow up cover
peaches grenade you have to aim at an
enemy so what you're saying is X come
might have a little bit more depth XCOM
might have a little bit okay okay which
is fine you know like and that's what I
was saying earlier where I thought like
they made some sacrifices in the for the
sake of simplicity that I don't
necessarily like about this like you
like that simple I do like that it's
simple overall wow that's a nitpick
that's just like a thing I found
annoying mostly because with peaches
Grenada I ran into a very specific
situation where if I would were able to
place the grenade in between two I'd be
able to hit two people with a grenade
instead I could only hit one you know so
dafuq were all these weapons when bounds
of tried taking over the Mushroom
Kingdom
these weapons only appeared when the
rabid and Mario universe World congealed
into one you know I'm kind of shocked I
haven't seen any of in this but fire
flower Mario it would seem to make
perfect sense oh yeah his guns not
really a fire gun I guess just throwing
fireballs like fire Mario yeah
yeah not a bad play rich not a bad point
it off
[Music]
all right rabid Mario's not doing it for
me I concur
chicken flavored chicken this game is a
good all-time this game is a fine old
time who's coming how do we want
or frog suit Mario yeah well you can't
bring everything over but that would be
fun too I mean I'm not saying she's bad
but Luigi you know
yep Luigi that's always nice where are
we Anonymous is last December I made a
resolution for 2017 no watching trailers
for movies I know I'm going to see it's
made me enjoy movies much more in my
opinion
oh it's made me enjoy movies much more
in my opinion downside
I can't risk watching nerd crew until
December true dat you know I feel the
same way anonymous and it's not like
it's not about ruining it for me I just
don't like if I know I'm going to see a
movie
I don't care to see the trailer because
I I'm already sold on the movie before
the trailer so it's just like time I
don't need to spend