Episode 855
XCORN - Crops I be Hosin' (Part 1)
September 17, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q2zi8nx-214
___________________________________________

all right you want trying to sound down
here for us I mean you know it's lovely
music all right XCOM to is downloading
we made a couple Grievous errors I
underestimated XCOM to sheer size with
the word chosen DLC and all the other
DLC and I know what your figure this was
it's what we looked at was 60 gigabytes
the whole thing that the whole thing
altogether is 60 gigabytes and you know
it's not that war of the chosen is 60
gigabytes
we actually had removed XCOM 2 from this
computer based reasons you know we only
have so much hard drive and so we we
needed something to play while we wait
for it to download I don't even know if
it will download for tonight cinnamon it
is good to prepare ahead of time it's
true you know the problem is there's the
thing I did prepare ahead of time it was
a like a three-and-a-half hour download
and we're down to like an hour and
something now right I thought like two
hours that'd be plenty there's very good
internet two hours be playing like a
great internet here the studio nope no
no no hello welcome
hello what's my fortune look I like
today what I did not see it rich did you
see it now I don't have any interested
in it yeah I needed to i-i've I have no
particular fond love for the old it or
anything I might see it sooner or later
but I don't really care all right I'm
probably gonna be too busy with farm to
mind today so I'm just gonna take care
of my animals properly yep yeah and I
saw a couple of you
the offline streaming image makes Jack
tan - I listen I got tan this summer all
right I was outside a lot it happens
it's crazy was I say the four for those
I saw some people talk about Rich's
coffee farm and it's me I'm going to
make a coffee farm yeah that's desk
Jack's plan my as soon as it comes out
for the switch and apparently they've
already sent it in for testing for the
switch I don't even know where to buy
coffee I got it from the traveling
salesman yeah that's that's going to be
my only goal is to make a coffee
plantation I I don't know if there's an
other spot where you can get it or if
it's like a random thing that only shows
up the Traveling Salesman I'm not sure
oh right it'll be it'll be tricky
you know like I'll have some animals too
cuz it's always nice to have animals
like I want a fully functional barn but
eventually the only crop I will have is
coffee
that's move that's my plan
you guys should enable bits I can't use
Paypal to donate to you guys for reasons
we I will keep that in mind and if
enough people ask us to enable bits I
will we choose not to only because
there's already a lot happening in chat
and bits is just another thing and you
know we are to do the PayPal tips and if
you go over to bits and maybe you know
it's just one of those things if we keep
hearing from enough people we will do
bits but so fine line between wanting
your money and feeling like a whore oh
no I have more ways to give us money
that's the thing I have no problem
feeling like a whore I just want to be
an efficient horror rich and you know we
already have this stream tip thing going
on so if we do the bits I would also
then feel like we should get rid of the
stream tip just to make sure that we are
an efficient whore
horde of gentlemen like as long as
you're a good whore I don't think it
matters what makes a bad whore I mean
many things like a strange concept to me
what is difference when a good and a bad
horror jack well one who does not give
you the products you're looking for I
suppose would be a bad or or or offers
of bad products for the money like I
said for for me a big part of it would
be I don't want too much clutter I feel
like that would to take away from our
product okay
and so we stream tips and bits and chats
and subscriber notifications and
everything just everything is bleeping
at once right just just asking the deep
questions what makes a bad whore that's
that is the deep question why not
integrate the bits tips into your
current tip system the current tip
system actually just comes to us and
doesn't go through chat the thing I
would need to look into for bits is
whether or not we could archive the bit
tips because sometimes when when you tip
us sometimes we won't read it for a few
minutes because we're in the middle of a
conversation right right
and so with bit tips might be different
it might be different
how much of the bits money does twitch
get they get a cut but you know just
like PayPal gets a cut
nothing too different there so someone
gets a cut either way huh someone's
getting a cut no matter what I I don't
have anything against twitch getting the
cut of that as they yeah they've done
good by us but you know well thank you
but if twitch takes a bigger cut than
PayPal then maybe that's where the whore
and me kind of steps up and says no the
horn you wants that you want to leave
the whore me wants the bigger cut Jack
you just want to talk to your pimp and
be like hey listen I appreciate all the
pimping business that you do for me but
I have options okay I'm a freelance
Horror
have I ever been on a cruise ship I've
never been on a big cruise ship I think
I feel like that would infuriate me I
would hate to be on a big cruise ship a
while a while back when I was a teenager
I took a pretty small cruise me my
cousin and my grandma we took a trip to
the Galapagos Islands and followed
Darwin's discovery path which was an
amazing time you know you get to see all
the weird variations of the animals that
are living in the tropical penguins and
birds that only exist there because of
the the fun climate but and it was a
cruise ship but the cruise ship held
like twelve people so it wasn't one of
those giant cruise ships it was very
small it was an artisanal cruise sounds
like a party
ya know it was it was really neat it was
it was an incredible trip just you know
I got to go snorkeling with giant sea
tortoises because you know everything
there was like there wasn't a lot of
human traffic so they just thought I was
another big fish and I was uh there
wasn't a lot of human trafficking that's
good there's an odd just kind of place
you want to go for especially when
you're on the cruise you know in a place
far far away from America
Touche the few nights we had to stay in
Ecuador were a little you know a little
shaky just you know yeah yeah well you
know I was younger then and it's just
definitely like huh kind of kind of
sketchy where we're staying here in
Ecuador but a weird place for my pig to
leave a truffle up on you're up on your
plaque my grandfather's shrine hearing
that your pig the pig loved your
grandfather they'll take the pig now I
know my grand
their God antic pigs loved him takes a
fucking liar see tortoises I'm sure was
that sea turtle iya what's the
difference between a turtle and a
tortoise uh flippers which one has the
flipper I'm not sure that's a guess okay
my guess would be how aquatic they are
turtles are more aquatic than certain
tortoises I don't know I don't know
either
I said tortoise just cuz I thought it
was a funnier word I don't know if that
was necessarily the correct word to use
so my apologies to turtle files
what is rich doing Oh winter is coming
yeah and so I want to make sure I have
plenty of hay for my barnyard animals so
I am I am cutting down a bunch of hay
that is going into my silos so I can
feed my animals during the winter yeah
all right I think it's full
there you go babe 480 or 480 boom cast
they're working I'm a star fruit wine ad
you know I probably also need a
distillery in my farm yeah like all the
things that I love you know you can
build a building and just put kegs in
there that's the thing you know I can
make wine beer and coffee beans and that
could be my farm that'd be nice so
you're supposed to play the game right
make your own goal yeah yeah you're
making a herpetologist incredibly angry
learn the difference between a turtle
and a tortoise or face our ram tell us
what it is that matter educator that
would have been housed tortoises us as
someone else not the herpetologist our
land animals turtles are evolved to live
mostly in water okay so that I was
swimming with a giant sea turtle
so the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles are
tortoises they're in the sewers so they
lay they could live in water you don't
necessarily need flippers you just need
to spend most of your life in water I
don't think they spend most of their
life in water but Teenage Mutant Ninja
Turtles but did they when they were
Turtles that's the queer tour tour you
know that's the question
teenage Mutant hero tortoises yeah
people people in chat are saying they
were definitely water based the turtles
the Ninja Turtles yes so it's correct
when they were little Turtles obviously
not one that would you know I'll guess
they're teenagers not adults well and
but even as teenagers they're in the
sewer a lot they'll swim in the sewage
you know what I want to say in each of
the live-action movies they do make a
plot point of them surviving in water
fuck those movies what do you mean fuck
those movies I mean fuck those movies oh
the first one was pretty fun the second
one got a little slack
person was ok the first one was very
very much in line with the original
comics yeah the second one you know that
it took a different route it took a more
vanilla icy route and fun it was still
fine we can't have the Ninja Turtles ah
be ninjas can they hit people with maybe
abalone and yo-yos I don't know what if
shredder turned into like a mutant
shredder
oh go ninja go ninja go go ninja go
ninja go ninja ninja wrap everyone love
that song the national project that is
not true a national treasure absolutely
not true national treasure Ryo toka and
raise our remember them and the other
mutants that's great yeah they never had
a good fight no I think I think they
made him eat doughnuts that was their
fight
or were they teenage ninja Terrapins
what's a Terrapin you guys are crazy now
I guess I cut down some wood or
something somewhere geez look you would
love a stardew valley sk game except for
you're running a brewery that'd be
interesting
III just fear that it would get old
after a while
cousin you're only doing the one thing
that's the thing with stardew valley is
you can diversify it gives you more
options
some people just mind some Oh chicken
got left out a chicken chicken so
outside in the coal I can't learn out on
that I gotta open the door wait for him
to go in and close the door behind him
there was the third teenage Ninja
Turtles movie yes it was that was the
turtles in time movie nobody for all
practical purposes was straight-to-video
oh yeah but it was it was a it was a
movie they in they had a TV series which
was awful live action
live action Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
TV series that uh quite famously created
the character of Venus the girl yeah
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle that had
turtle boobs because that's something
everyone wanted
yeah let's see here Anonymous's Jack
hope the diets going well chat will help
you stay strong one question do you find
that when you reach your cheat day you
are tempted not to cheat so your
progress isn't spoiled no oh never
because like when Saturday comes around
I am just hungry and like I'm ready
I am absolutely ready and also cheat day
is an important part of my diet because
it helps reset my body's fat-burning
abilities you know like you trick your
body like you shove so many calories
into your body that your body says ok oh
we're getting we're getting calories
again let's realize you know let's kick
up the the burnin it's a high gear and
that's a lot of truffles there's a lot
of truffles like if you ever hear some
people say you can eat too little food
on a diet because then your body
compensates for the little amount of
food that you're eating as far as your
energy output is concerned and so cheat
day is also really important to make
sure that it tricks my body but but no I
love it
it's it's going away it's going alright
last week diet wise I had a I had a
stagnant week which is very strange and
that'll happen sometimes but like I at
the end of the week I had not gained or
lost any weight as compared to the week
before even though I was on diet all
week so that was a little strange
sometimes you guys are just hurtful why
would they do everyday is a cheat day
for rich ovens oh come on guys come on
guys get it together
you said mean things both in a ton to 64
that's why rich that's why they're mean
to you because you were mean to a 30
year old gaming into my video game
console Miggs everything I say up on him
alright
so in any case a bit of a stagnant week
but after Saturday this morning my I had
not gained nearly as much as I do on a
regular Saturday even though I ate and
drank quite a lot last night so you know
it and diets going fine
still staying strong staying strong why
don't I say about the Nintendo 64 um
rich tone do you want to get it started
you know what I don't give a shit jack
anything any day any time
go ahead do it sales are things uh
because of this shitty texture memory
that game had even for the time it came
out the textures are all horrible and
low res and that shitty blurring filter
they put over it to try and hide it
makes every game in that system look
like a fuzzy blurry mess it's ugly it's
an ugly system it always has been I'm
sorry you know I don't think it was that
bad I just don't think it was that bad
for the time it was it was all right you
like Supergirl yeah what's wrong exam
nothing I'm just saying I'm just saying
just saying one
oh listen a lot of the games did look
really bad but I'll defended many of the
games on the system there are some good
games on it I'm not saying you should
hate everything about the n64 I'm quite
fond of I love Star Fox oh yeah I don't
know that it's aged quite as well but
Mario 64 sure and as much as I give a
shit I don't hate the Zelda game I'm
there right which I'm not gonna say
because whatever it's always an issue
yeah when I say that every time you know
like Mario 64 I don't have any
particular hate for it but I wouldn't
put it like on my top 5 Mario games you
know yeah it would be one of the lowest
Mario games just because the other ones
are so much better the count as a
mainline Mario game which one all of the
3d marios yes because even though we
were in a 3d space they utilized the
same basic mechanics okay running and
jumping the old 2d platformers about
exploration though no okay just about
running and jumping because you can
argue that it's about as different from
the 2d platformers as like Paper Mario
Mario RPG Mario was missing those those
take on completely different gameplay
elements Mario X come bar no those are
gonna see those are completely different
Mario 64 is just running and jumping
yeah but it's that's less running and
jumping for skills sake and more running
and jumping to look around and explore I
mean that this is not saying it's
terrible this is just me saying it's
different
I don't think it's different enough to
warrant being part of a different series
and I don't think it's as different as
stuff like Mario RPG or Paper Mario
Mario XCOM so I would argue that the the
mario the new super mario brothers games
are more in line with a mainline classic
Mario Brothers game oh sure yeah I'll be
with you there but that doesn't see to
me that doesn't discount something even
like Super Mario Galaxy which
theoretically has less exploring than
than like a Super Mario Sunshine yeah
they both have platforming as the core
mechanic and so even though they might
be in different presentations they uh
it's basically the same Jack but it'd be
crazy if we if we decided to stream
through every game that featured Mario
every Mario game like not just the
platformers but the mario is missing the
Luigi's Mansion to completion or
completion let's start with that tank
starting starting with and go Khurana
like and like us doing it not like
professional speedrunners of these games
right do it within hours how long would
that take quite a long time
I would guess so we'd have to go
chronologically horse yeah donkey : Oh
every game that even features my donkey
kong I would say that's a that's the
first Mario game that's a totally a
Mario game Donkey Kong is a Mario game
oh yeah I mean ya know I'm with you I I
agree with you there I I'm trying to
think of it's even a platformer right
the though one the difficult part was
something like Donkey Kong or you know
the original Mario Brothers
is because their arcade games there's no
real finish so we would just play those
four you know yeah well you see every
screen there is I think that's to
completion it's like four or five
different screens you can get to in
Donkey Kong sure that that'd be tough
maybe just three or four the blue one
the normal one pink slanted girders I
staged I would be down for something
like you know and any every stream every
game that has Mario in the title this
would take too long for something that
we should bother with ever you know we
can just start a new will start a new
segment rich uh-huh
and it'll be called Mario Mondays and
another streaming day just for this the
the question is do we play them we I
mean we need some ground rules
yeah I'm listening I'm listening I think
I think the ground rules would be only
every game with Mario every game of
Mario alright debatably debatably even
punch because that's got a Mario camp
you don't every game that you play as
Mario alright alright that's it then you
leave out Luigi's Mansion nearly
valerie's me leave out yo you don't you
don't you don't throw in Luigi in there
too for being one of the Mario Brothers
every well it's called Mario if we're
gonna call Mario Brothers Monday that's
a different thing okay okay
I wouldn't mind seeing you guys play
dance dance revelution Mario Mario mix
with the Nintendo make it oh see they
are these the rules I've a mage just
sent us a list hold on I saw that I have
a mage oh look Oh too many chats video
games featuring Mario are you ready yeah
I'm listening
okay we got Donkey Kong Donkey Kong jr.
yeah
Donkey Kong - Mario's cement factory
Mario's bombs away Mario Brothers see
you wrecking crew I haven't gotten to it
yet okay
Mario Brothers special Donkey Kong
circus punch ball Mario Brothers Donkey
Kong hockey tennis versus tennis tennis
pinball golf vs. golf wrecking crew
Super Mario Brothers vs Super Mario
Brothers I am a teacher Super Mario
sweater yes I am a teacher
Super Mario sir I was on the PC as an
educational game all night Nippon Super
Mario Brothers Mario Brothers to
punch-out Grand Prix to 3d hot rally
Super Mario Brothers 3 Tetris alleyway
baseball Super Mario Land yep
dr. Mario f1 race Super Mario World the
super-mo we did that one already
nes golf open
Tournament Super Mario Brothers 400 on
the game and watch yeah Mario teaches
typing I don't know there's any way to
stream game and watch Super Mario
Brothers and Friends when I grow up
Mario the juggler Yoshi
Mario is missing Super Mario Kart super
scope 6 Mario Paint use your scope u6
that's what they're saying
games that Mario appears in okay well we
limiting list you have to play as Mario
this is just a list of games okay I'll
get you that Mario there's a fucking lot
of these rigs yeah no shit
there's a fucking notion of these I
would say I would say even though it
would mean foregoing Luigi's Mansion you
have to play as Mario okay in the game
that's that's criterion number one
criterion number two is it would be it
would have to be non arcade games if
we're gonna play it to completion why
just to have to have a to have a
definite ending oh yes sirree I would
say with our Cade games you do it till
you've gotten all the repeating screens
I would do what I would feel remiss you
do a celebration a celebration of Mario
and all of the games Mario would be and
it would be a crime Jack to leave out
Donkey Kong maybe even Mario Brothers
it's the first appearance of freaking
Luigi right like I said for for me I
like having a something a finished
statement like ah we did it we beat it
you're going to beat each one this will
never ever ever happen probably not
there is a Donkey Kong kill screen but
neither of us could ever get to it no we
don't have that kind of skill well we
could just pick Donkey Kong up Oh
tonight we're gonna get to the kill
screen if that this is not going to
nope nope and that's why to me you know
Xing out arcade games you could have a
night just dedicated all the short ones
you do some of the arcade games just to
get a feel for it sure Mario Brothers
it's like 10 minutes if that right right
warps aloud yeah yeah of course and then
you get Mario Brothers minutes minutes
Jack probably we could probably do it in
minutes am the first couple of streams
would move on really quick really fast
but then and but then we hit Super Mario
RPG and that'll take a month to take
that long Super Mario RPG assuming we
stream it one day a week no warps nah
we're just we're two speeding games
warps are allowed I felt like a crime I
feel like a crime to stream like Zeus
Mario World and just skip 90 percent of
the game Jack
just give 90 percent of the fucking game
I do I guess you know that maybe that's
just part of it is we can't look up
where the warp all the warp strats okay
no warp strength if we know where it is
then it's fine
but you can't look it up what about
Zelda see I was watching a stream of
that the other day someone was streaming
all of there's no CDI games CDI yeah the
Zelda game for Philips CDI and I've
actually never seen the gameplay of it
before there's more than one there's
like three yeah yeah and it was
something of fear what was it called um
like cave of fear that the one with the
infamous animations or do they all have
those I believe they all have this one
had definitely had of and that's all
I've ever seen if those games was the
infamously bad animations and I finally
got to see gameplay from the CDI games
and
and did it look awful yeah it was it was
a platformer at least the one I saw
Nintendo's biggest blunder that could
have been partnered with Sony they're
the rifle that that damaged them greatly
PlayStation never would have been a
thing they've just been a Nintendo
partner look then Tendo in playstation
there would be one big happy family
right now yep faces of evil that was the
name of it so Zelda The Legend of Zelda
faces of evil and holy moly was that
nuts for anyone who does know doesn't
know the story and I'm sure most people
do at this point right sure
well good Nintendo it actually entered
into a deal with Sony to make a Nintendo
with a describe that Sony was gonna make
and I think they had a prototype and
everything was gonna be the Nintendo
PlayStation and for whatever reason at
the very last minute they didn't even
tell Sony about it just that like III
Nintendo had announced uh some kind of
partnership with with Philips mm-hm and
that kind of fizzled out for Nintendo it
led to the Philips CDI and those awful
Zelda games and a bitter and angry Sony
went on to make the PlayStation and be
Nintendo's biggest rival mm-hmm and
Bayer stupidly expensive now well yeah
the Ben Heck show got the prototype
working oh that's fun what the Nintendo
PlayStation yeah cool that's neat
so how would we get the arcade games
arcade games are available on systems
like donkey kong is on the NES
we would all we would get them all
legally if we were to do is there at
least a virtual console version that is
just the emulated version but sold
legally jackman that's at least more
faithful than the NES version of Donkey
Kong what do you mean
the NES version of Donkey Kong's the NES
version of Donkey Kong it's not gonna be
a pixel perfect version of the arcade
game where someone like the the the
Nintendo releases on the we like the
Virtual Console stuff yeah they have
literally just stolen roms that people
made of the games uh-huh well we will
try to find the most accurate version
that we can legally produce got away oh
yeah absolutely
let's see here anonymous says what are
next okay and another anonymous says hey
Jack and rich have you ever had an anger
problem no and if so how did you deal
with it I feel like lately I get upset
too much for no reason and I need some
advice
thanks guys love your show I can't help
ya I've never had an anger problem yeah
not me either
I'm sorry I don't know I yeah we are not
the two people to talk to about that
all right let's see here Anonymous's
Jack you need to know that there's a
package on its way to our LM P o box
with your name on it there's an anthrax
there's a t-shirt inside and you will
fucking like it get ready feel the hype
okay boom no problem that's it yes it's
another Spiderman shirt I need more of
them I need all the spider-man shirts
Feridun to 772 who says I was playing
XCOM this morning the new content is
pretty great but be ready for an obscene
overload of info in new menu screen
dumps on you okay also drawing a new pic
for rich to commemorate alright cool
cool
that's right special but pants this is
intense farming action rich what are you
working for right now what are you
working towards right now I'm saving up
money I want to have a good run in the
desert mines
okay and I need to buy a lot of rocks so
I can craft staircases to get deeper in
the desert mines quicker because the
deeper you are the easier it is to find
the ultra rare iridium okay and what's
the iridium do you're gonna get the
iridium level tools though and you can
build the iridium level sprinklers which
they water a whole lot of crops cool
that sounds great right it is great it
is great how's the XCOM download coming
looks like it's about 75% done 66 66
somewhere between 66 and 75 it's a big
game
yeah we we have to redownload the entire
game plus the dlc but when are you
dating the villagers rich is married my
wife right here she's making a sculpture
right now I've dated the villagers it's
done yeah what do you think I'm a
two-timer I'm gonna go find a new wife
it's not gonna happen I'm sorry is there
is there a polygamy mod I think the
problem is there probably is I mean
right
sorry German brothers I didn't see your
German word that you wanted me to say
you gents need an external hard drive
you know might not be a bad idea it
would be a good idea also just some
forethought into what we were playing we
could have downloaded it days ago but we
weren't thinking ahead
we weren't from the demco get out the
way everything else I need to milk from
the damn cow I think animals are kind of
a pain in the ass yeah yeah I have them
for the sake of being a completionist
yeah but there are they're goddamn pain
in the ass
are they not worth it in the long run I
don't think so
have you already checked with grandpa's
ghost to see if you get the statue that
gives you this is your - Oh what is that
the grandpa statues thing is the
beginning of your 300k and I should
qualify for the statue that gives you a
really emotional I sent dance of birth
I'm sure there is a mod for growing
marijuana I in fact guarantee it if you
look up a list of mods for this game I'm
gonna guess that growing pot is one of
the top rated for this yeah possibly I
absolutely believe in my heart of hearts
that if you are a pothead that plays
this game you want to grow pod well pot
heads everything revolves around pot
rights that's the thing rich one of the
perks of getting married in the game
yeah you have a nice wife for your house
you don't have to do it that's that's we
did a whole review on this game and
that's it for all of it and it's just
it's just what if you want a wife you
can get away the perk of getting a wife
in the game is having a wife and I know
what you're saying is that a purse
something then don't get wife right
sometimes she'll water your plants for
you but by the time you have a wife you
probably have sprinklers right or
apparently she can also help on the farm
like repairing fences and stuff okay
okay I don't have any fences to speak of
right now sure I'm not in the decorative
stage
maybe next year I'll get decorative the
German words were Goethe notch good
knock it I hope I'm pronouncing that
correctly nacht na CH T nacht nah that's
my German guten nacht that's all I got I
want to point out I'm all decorated for
Halloween here after Jacqueline oh oh
yeah that's great oh you got your wish I
got a rat I forget as scary enough to
rat and then you said a rat on a stick
scarecrow rent that's a weird I got a
skeleton inside I have all decorated for
the holidays there you go you got it
rich
you did it can't be bothered a all
decorated for the holidays I'll save a
few pumpkins needs and bumpkins I was
really hoping I could put my children in
this game to work but they're useless
you can get kids yeah you know I could
now if I had another house upgrade oh
well yeah that's the whole point of
having kids if you have a farm is to put
them to work on the farm this is why
farming folk have children yeah lots of
children effectively slave labor doctor
Smoketree says if you go to the start do
Valley mod Nexus mod for growing
marijuana is number seven on the list
sevens not number one let me guess
number one is anime anime faces anime
this much for anime style for the anime
is that number one I'm I'm looking it up
right now
starter Valley mods and community I'm
looking it up for you right now rich
rich says anime alright where's the
where's the the top list the festival's
today
top list top 25
all right you know on this mod growing
pot is not number seven were you looking
there's are the Nexus sight Nexus mod
Sam that's I don't think that's a star
dupage Nexus is a bunch of different
pages Oh checkup Nexus stardew
specifically I'm in I'm in the Nexus
stardew valley so number one according
to this is NPC map location mod okay
that makes sense to find everybody
easier yep
the number two is cjb item spawner it's
a cheat
all right I'm disappointed by them
number three is cjb cheats
menu a simple in game cheats menu with
lots of cheats what's the point of
cheating in a game where there is no
fill state people love cheating man Oh
number seven under growing crops thank
you doctor smoke trees this is so this
is just the all-time top mods number
four is look up anything see you live
info about whatever's under your cursor
when you press f1 learner villagers
favorite gifts mmm that's actually not
bad
convenient yeah not necessarily achieved
because it's supposed to be trial and
error Jack I've seen you look it up on
the wiki number five is also kind of a
cheat automate place a chest and next to
a machine like a furnace or a crystal
area and the machine will automatically
pull raw items from the chest and push
process items into it alright that's
kind of a cheat number six is the gift
taste helper number seven is adds a
dresser and mirror to your farmhouse
thank you change your appearance you
know anime rich no anime I figured
there'd be more cringe stuff higher up
yeah I was anime and like the furry mod
where everyone's like some kind of panda
or something stupid like that
okay most endorsed files of all time
number one is cheats number two is the
NPC map location number three is cheats
look up anything yeah
none of these are cringy I wonder if
they've removed the race change mods
what's that there was a mod to make more
of the characters minority characters
okay and then somebody to be a smartass
released a mod to make all of the
minority characters that are already in
the game white and then it became a big
thing oh yeah yeah new people in your
mods I don't even know how to navigate
this site that's my thing with the with
the with the Nexus mods here I can't
even navigate this site properly
is this game just like Harvest Moon yes
they go there's crafting in this that
Harvest Moon doesn't have but for the
most part yes this is heavily inspired
by Harvest Moon whoo that's not I want
barium oh man there are so many mods
yeah there are so many fucking mods
paste FPC there's a tractor mod slightly
cuter character sprite mods that's it
that's the thing
slightly cuter specifically not like
we're not going a hundred percent cuter
we don't want to make it don't wanna
make it too bad the better horse mod
bigger realistic and charming horse re
textures
cat crows rich cat crows cat themed
scarecrows oh okay okay what a mob that
makes your dog do something I would know
what I want I want to teach my dog
tricks whoo maybe I want to teach my dog
to like round up all the animals and put
them in the barn like a sheepdog I'm
looking up dog mods right now I want my
dog to heard and I have no idea why
that's not on the base game right let's
see here King Lord dog replace her what
does that changes your dog into
something else into a kingler from
Pokemon there's a lot of dog appearance
mods I can see that though people want a
dog that looks like they're done then
that's fine you know that's fine I have
no issues with this I'm with you what I
keep in what chest
I don't even know if I want to go to the
stupid festival Jack don't don't I don't
know what's the what's the what's the
bonus of going to the festival Chad gets
to see what the festival looks like I
won't do it last year and she's gonna be
the same exact thing I'm gonna get
nothing out of going now then down then
fucking don't don't do it
how does it start ten I gotta kill time
you get the golden public I got the
golden pumpkin here what you got a
golden pumpkin here I've got one I don't
know what to do with it I can sell it
for money but I don't really need that
there is a marriage mod that will let
you romance and marry any adults any
single NPC in the game okay
I don't yeah okay no it's fine
who's like hurt if it seems or something
or Oh that'd be need eight heart and ten
heart events for each character each
event is fully unique written to fit in
with each character's Canon backstories
it's cute so you could marry Clint Gus
Luis Linus marine Pam sandy Willy and
wizard you could marry the wizard the
wizard Oh Oh doctor that to see I was
like I would just I just want to know
what marrying the wizard would do
probably nothing he would stand in your
house scores yeah but then you'd have a
wizard in your house man could you
believe that just have in your house you
wacky mods
you wacky mobs I love it I love it
marry the wizard marry the wizard
why are those barrels pulsating they're
making wine and making wine you put some
shit in the barrels on therefore they
ferment and make wine britches
Richard starting a business here got
some star fruit knows he's starting to
speakeasy that's money that's money jack
he's starting a cave tavern
there's prohibition in stardew valley
but riches is skirting the law making
some moonshine stardew moonshine that's
what rich is doing a rare crow witch
oh yeah I got skeletons from the mines
got a cage in town with phenom this is a
Halloween festival that's so cruel don't
you think
I mean I know there's skeletons and you
just murder them but re murder them or
however you want to say that but look at
that look at that look at the creepy
skeletons make fun of them mock them
we're just going to kill them after the
festival
okay where are we here oh we're at huff
hearted who says hey fellas
so they are rebooting a new version of
The Greatest American Hero
all right with a female lead all right
my question for you is Jack do you use
the same razor for your face that you do
on your head it's a good question I have
you did you watch a great American help
that when I was a kid I I watched a
couple episodes and I thought was fine
that's fine superhero show no super love
for it but a fine show and to answer
your question your very important
question yes I used the same razor on my
face as my head Greatest American Hero
is a most people don't oh sure that's an
older show it's pronounced true it is an
older older show um when I was really
young
uh-huh it's a superhero parody about
aliens give this man a superhero suit we
can you know make the world a better
place but he miss places the
instructions on how to use the suit
properly so he has this super suit but
he's very clumsy with using it he will
crash through walls he can't land right
hmm yeah yeah I mean it was it was like
it was a light parody where you know it
was also a bit superhero II but yeah it
was funny it was all right it was just
all right it's bad we Yaga's house
it's the babadook baby I got the wish
it's got the chicken legs starring
William Katt from Cary
believe it or not walk it on out so yeah
they're remaking it cool I use the same
razor on my face as I do my head it's
actually incredibly easier to shave my
head than it is to shave my face because
you know you got all these nooks and
crannies with your face and your head is
just a supa dupa so usually I shave my
face parts first and then do my head
last for no particular reason head round
face not round that's true Tiberius Kirk
Sherlock clown here's the thing about
this game it is whatever you make of it
yeah Dylan don't expect to go into this
game and like the game tells you when
you're done you tell you when you're
done playing the game you need a goal
you make that goal and you make that
goal to the to the benefit and folly of
the game I suppose benefit I'm fond of
this game
I'm fond of the Harvest Moon games it's
effectively ripping off oh sure what but
you know if if you go in without a goal
in mind then you will have a bad time
which is you know like I played it and I
think the game does a very good job of
what it is trying to accomplish but when
I first played this game I didn't
necessarily have a goal I wanted to make
a pretty farm like I had a very vague
and generic goal but you know it's work
it's it's a work simulator the game but
now that they've added coffee I just
want a coffee farm there's something
that I want to do in the game and it's
coming to the switch which means that I
can you know pick it up for 20 30
minutes every day and just work on it a
little bit every day which I think I
would enjoy more than like a sit down
though exactly this yeah yeah yeah I
just do a little bit every day we build
your build your farm up exactly
you poop for 20-30 minutes no but like
generally throughout the wait huh that's
prob what you wait what I'm saying is
generally every day I'll have twenty or
thirty minutes even if it's like right
before bed or just something to play
while I'm waiting for stuff Oh smooches
what's the fortunately no sauce recipe
the queen of sauce fiddlehead risotto
woo fiddlehead risotto love it
um when animal crossing' first came out
I played a little bit of it got got a
little bored because it's Animal
Crossing
yeah yeah yeah oh this last day of fall
it's my last cranberry harvest the last
one
EPIK Jason I don't know if I've heard
about that what rich and I will have to
look into that I guess there's
apparently like a he wants to know if we
have or maybe you know some about the
whole Polybus arcade myth oh yes you
know anything about that I've heard but
it's an old urban legend about a mind
control video game in Portland Oregon
apparently there was this this game set
up there mmm in RK a few arcades and
people who played it had weird things
happen there the psychology and and like
mysterious men in black were seen to
come in and and check up on the machine
they wrote down the names of everybody
who got a high score it's all mysterious
sure sure but nobody nobody can prove
that this thing actually existed but
it's but it's the government of course
you can't prove that it existed they did
their experiments then they put the
machines in hiding your men and in robes
in suits oh sure sure
Thank You beefcake Peter boo-boom I love
I love stupid urban legends yeah they're
fine you know everybody's got one but
what if it's not an urban legend
do-do-do-do-do to to to other than many
video game urban legends yeah yeah you
know that's isn't that the whole point
of weirdo games didn't we go through
this with weirdo games um with frog
fractions right like finding that's not
an urban legend that's just a weird game
no but that's kind of what it was based
on it was based off of like finding
stuff in games that you weren't sure
existed and it's like Easter eggs no not
like I mean like urban actual urban
legends floating around about video
games I need an example maybe I'm not
oblivious I don't know much about that
okay what I like what I'm thinking is is
the people who like you know in Super
Mario Brothers 3 if you get this item
and here you can get a super secret
weapon does that count as an urban myth
okay like like the them you find them
you yeah all right right I'll bring my
cursor though I'll tell me
you see the most you turn it off
all right I brought two of these mice
yeah the one I have at home the the
SteelSeries rival 500 I love it to
pieces and it works flawlessly yeah
this one my bought I bought another of
the studio I liked it so much so I'd
always have one here of course one of
the buttons is a little bit jank and
every now and then at least he stops
recognizing it I want to endorse their
products so bad because I love the one I
have at home yeah this one that's a much
not so much is it because this one is
plugged into the USB hub my other water
Holmes plugged into a USB hub oh then it
shouldn't matter I don't know I don't
know mildly distracted turned our game
Irving led urban legends somebody
brought up Ben drowned was long story
it's a haunted majora's mask cartridge
that's a creepypasta not an urban legend
though what's the difference urban
legends get purported to be true
creepypasta you know what's a ghost
story okay okay that's fair
now stop yeah no it's still not God why
not I want to I want to be able to say
that the SteelSeries rival 500 is a
fantastic product but this one here man
this button doesn't press down right and
occasionally just stops recognizing that
it exists I'm sorry but sorry about that
I am - all right come on by a third one
that works now well can you return it
probably it's probably far too late at
this point
look at all that wine that you have yeah
I know
you're ready to get crunk that's gonna
be a fortune yeah I'm gonna milk you
fuckers day I'm just gonna give you hugs
that's great that's great let's see here
anonymous says any music tips Jack what
you've been listening to any decent -
hip hip itty hoppity music um I haven't
really been listening to anything new
recently so no I'm sorry you know I was
I've been talking I got the new Kendrick
Lamar which is a damn which is a really
great album just had a lot of stuff on
in the background nothing new or
interesting or exciting to report X
comma X comma looks like I said about
80% by the way oh okay
XCOM at 80% that's just it's just
eyeballing it I love it a non-drinker
rich Evans making money off of
Alcoholics
I have nothing morally against wine and
drinking yeah no I'm a I'm a non drinker
by choice not by moral high-ground and
by the way that's so rich rich would
absolutely take advantage of those in
order to make a buck I think that's
great
I'm I'm not taking advantage of
alcoholics Jack because I encourage
everybody to drink responsibly it's true
in moderation and I want you to drink in
moderation my star very one though if
Shane and Pam want to come to my farm
and buy all this wine for like you know
twice the going value that's fine too
I'll look the other way
you want you want the barrel scraps I
was just gonna throw it in the garbage
but I'll sell it to you I'll sell you
the barrel scrap still has some booze in
it it won't taste good you don't care
you don't care trying try to make wine
out of this ancient fruit ancient fruit
yeah Oh every now and then when you're
digging like in them in the mind you
picking up one of those worm patches the
ground you'll get an ancient seed an old
petrified seed
cool and then you bring that to the
museum we'll put it in the museum but
you also get like a crafting recipe you
can make the engine seeds okay
and so starting from one little seed
Jack I've got I've got this whole little
patch in my greenhouse of ancient for
ancient fruit and now you're gonna make
ancient fruit wine yeah like all this
here ancient for I would drink some
ancient fruit wine this is this is the
first batch I'm turning into wine fun
stuff I've been every every every fruit
I've grown I've turned into more seeds
so I can make more of them sure of
course but now I'm finally gonna start
making some wine
nice nice I'll say they finish at the
same time there's a star fruit I'm kind
of curious about that sure like what if
it takes like what if it takes right
well that's the factor that's a few
months yeah to make ancient fruit wine
but it sells for a thousand dollars of
all my I hope it sells for more than a
thousand my star fruit wine sells for
like three really two something mm just
like two to two thousand seven hundred I
think a bottle yeah shit dog I just sold
16 of them I think shit dog they're
saying there's an ear of corn above your
scarecrow that you forgotten oh oh my
Gorn I lost my corn I was before
watering cans I like that
alright so my end goal here yeah I want
to get deep into the desert mines right
and to do that I need money for rocks I
gotta do some out of money I might be
able to buy it a sufficient amount of
rocks on I want to spend like all of my
fortune hunter either I'm rocks
I also need bombs to effectively mine
sure I'm sure so I instead of buying
bombs I think the mega bombs like 500
prop pop I'm gonna try crafting them and
I can get a mega bomb for every aura
goal if I got 548 ores of gold and then
I need the void essence and the solar
essence Oh hundred sixty eight void
essence like 100 bombs would be nice so
I think I'm gonna go to the other mine
and farm some solar essence today whoo
that's our plan that's a great plan yeah
that's a great plan rich and you know
what thanks for sharing it I think it's
important that people know what it is
that you're working yeah because that's
what this game is all about is just
making a plan and my plan is to kick ass
in the desert mind it's just I need I
need to do other things before I can
truly kick ass and those mine cake
desert ass play XCOM what a downloads
motherfucker it's not downloaded yet
it's it's kind of ways we told you
download was so big and it took me by
surprise because also we forgot to read
it or we deleted the game for space
issues from our hard drive so we're also
just downloading the game it's not like
we're just downloading the DLC yeah and
the full game plus DLC is about 60 gigs
and that's yeah that's a lot
how much longer I'd have to tap out of
this to get your time I don't know but
I'm looking at the bar I could see the
bar I'm a task bar for the completion
and it looks like it's about 80% done I
which is progress cuz a little while ago
was looked like I look like I was
two-thirds done mm-hmm
mmm-hmm all right solar essence I think
you get that in the frozen levels solar
essence so in essence what I need oh
shit I don't have my mouse setup cuz
it's the other Mouse have the buttons
today oh oh shit really it's gonna be
somewhat irritating is what that means
I'm sorry
yeah that's true that's true about shit
it happens and it happens all the time
look at all these fuzzies these little
coal monsters that's crazy town that's
great yeah why is that great
cuz I get a special reward if I kill a
certain number of those no there's just
a whole ton in one spot
boom you did it you did it
sorry I'm not talking a lot someone in
Chad asked me if I remembered the name
of the town that I was stayed in in
Germany and I don't and so I once again
I went to like a google maps of Germany
hoping that I just magically come across
the name cuz I really think I'll
remember it as soon as I see the name
right right but there's so many you know
towns and german hey we're gonna go back
to the elevator go a bit lower nice go a
little bit lower do it I think I need
the level with like the skeletons that
has the solar estate I know that ghosts
do so I'm looking at a Google map of
Germany just trying to find that
skeleton did not drop any which is a
normal town I stayed in do not recall
what drops them nope not skeletons hmm
this is just those ghosts where the
ghosts mm-hmm we're downloading XCOM 2
so we can play the War of the Chosin DLC
and you know what would set something up
in the chat that just it's gonna hack
BOTS thing for that they already got it
all right I already got it stop saying
we're saying that literally every 3
seconds
thankthank what I thought maybe the
skeletons dropped them they definitely
do not
we'll take some free rocks
oh it's been hyped for months yeah well
and it's taking a really long time to
download so sorry and you know it's not
helping that we're streaming but we
figured you would want us to stream
you get more solar essences from the
desert cave oh I guess we try that even
jack trigger choice I don't even know if
I got to dougie Jones on Twin Peaks I
got two episodes in two twin peaks and
decided that it wasn't a show for me as
I found it to be a little too David
Lynch II I'm not a I'm not a huge David
Lynch fan I understand what he's going
for but it's not necessarily my thing so
while I really liked Twin Peaks the show
I like Twin Peaks the show because it
was you know just a normal ish detective
show with little sprinkles of weirdness
and mysticism that David Lynch brought
to the to the game so I didn't much care
for the chef so I don't think I got the
Doug Jones okay according to the star do
wiki solar essence comes from ghosts
metal head squid kid mommy
corabeth's crow bus mommy mommy
shit mummy I need bombs to mine them
well what else what else go is that
ghosts yeah metalhead a squid kid squid
kid which one a squid kid metal and crow
bus rosenberg Regensburg i want to say
it was like you like a rosen rosenberg
germantown no and you don't have to
agree with me that's fine if 80 plus I
thought 80-plus was the void essence oh
well we're going back cancel cancel
going back wasted $500 in a bus ticket
it's fine it's fine cactus for my
trouble there
was it worth it is it worth it you got a
cactus $500 cactus squid kids are the
pink moon guys that look nothing like a
squid ghosts are level 51 through 90 in
the mines I think I'll have an easier
time from the metalheads
and the squid kids Jack trigger Joyce I
liked most of season three of Fargo Rox
I liked some aspects of season three of
Fargo I really didn't like how it ended
but I did enjoy a lot of season three of
Fargo season one is probably still my
favorite as far as Fargo is concerned
they probably actually goes in order one
two then three bud
oh I still haven't seen season three yet
it's good there's a lot of there is a
lot of good in it but you know Jack do
you just not get new twin peaks' no I
get it I I get it so much that I know
I'm not going to like it so I'm not
going to watch it anymore
oh those guys are adorable metalhead no
solar essence I got a void essence do
you get it do you get I get it I get it
David Lynch David Lynch loves art for
the sake of art and he is a director who
is very vocal about that
about you know I'm not gonna make it
easy on my audience I'm not gonna
explain the meaning I'm gonna put some
images on there and you gotta you gotta
take your own thing to it you got to
bring your own meter I'm not gonna tell
you what it's about my David Lynch
impression yeah yeah I'm David Lynch and
that's not necessarily the kind of types
of movies that I like no Paul Feig Paul
Feig has like a here's like a deep voice
and his lips go out like this you see
what we're trying to do we're trying to
do with Ghostbusters but but see but you
don't understand is we were trying to
fail miserably in new and interesting
ways I mean everybody fails nowadays I'm
a right it's like everybody fails we
were looking for a new way to fail and
so get this be with me here failing with
all-female cast members can you believe
it I know what you're thinking that
could never be done that has never been
done and it could never be done but we
did it and we did it better than anyone
else
why would I swing my axe do you go for
picking something else up look I always
said that Lynch is an Emperor's New
Clothes thing people try to act smart by
talking no or no like that's that's his
thing and some people love it I will not
begrudge someone for loving an arty
farty film because it's already farty
like how is it significantly different
from the jar that's it by the way that's
an excellent question
Lynch is also a competent director and
so you know you can see all the things
and hear all the things that David Lynch
wants you to see in here content wise
maybe not that much of a difference
that's disappointing but rich it's it's
purposeful its purposeful well then it's
not like the jar which was not
purposeful random shit yeah lunch can be
a random shit - Lynch is random shit a
lot but in Lynch's head there's a
purpose to the random shit alright I'm
not getting many solar essences down
here yeah you got a rare disc and I
don't need a rare disc
I need solar essence so I could build
bombs
all I care about built building building
buffs absolutely no my character is not
a Muslim stop asking torgue I agree that
Lynch Lynch is a thought-provoking
director I agree with you on that it's
still not necessarily the types of
movies that I like to watch but I mean I
agree I'm with you
wishcraft is saying once you get deep
into the desert mines you get a lot of
mummies you need about here's the thing
here's the problem with this you can
only kill a mummy with a bomb so killing
the mummies to get solar essences to
build bombs but I didn't use a bomb to
kill mummy this doesn't work you use the
bomb I got you I'm trying to save money
on my my desert mind escapades but
building my own bombs yeah yeah yeah
yeah
darkus says evening jack and rich this
question is for Jack and probably for
Mike and Jay since you guys like to
drink how do you deal with hangovers
many thanks for the endless amusements
you have to suffer I don't I don't get
them too bad anymore mostly just because
I'm not that heavy a drinker anymore I
got some great advice once that I really
that it was useful as far as the
hangover is concerned which is for every
alcoholic drink you drink during the
night in between your next one drink an
equal amount of water okay network and
and that that works you know like you'll
still be tired because you probably
won't sleep as well but part part of the
hangover is is you get dehydrated you
just don't have stuff in your body to
help fight it and of course you're
drinking poise
all night but so that helps you know
take some Tylenol before you go to bed
drink plenty of water and you just keep
moving move slow that's it
hydrated some taina and I know like
technically you're not supposed to take
something like Tylenol when you have
when you've been drinking alcohol
because what are the tylenol is a blood
thinner and alcohol also thin it thins
your blood but if I ever drink alcohol
literally just like a sip of wine cooler
every now and then on New Year's Eve
yeah yeah okay be festive
you've never just sat down and like had
a shot of whiskey Karen always wanted to
see me drunk sure
and one time years and years ago now I
got a new job and celebrate I let myself
get drunk around Karen okay it did not
end well because she got drunk too
and she didn't really get to enjoy it
Karen what do you think it's so we tried
again some months later yeah you have to
ask her if she was worth it
yeah and you just didn't care that much
about my sensation of being drunk no
really
okay and that's fair you don't have to
oh yeah that's what it is
say Advil take Advil when you've been
drinking cuz Tylenol and booze together
can mess with your liver Thank You Chad
you're right
always Advil okay that's fair I thought
I remembered something about that
tylenol and drinking time to put away
the skeleton different season
Halloween's over Jack Halloween's over
people are putting up fucking Halloween
decorations already rich it is September
hallow in this game
Halloween literally just ended what I
know I'm saying in real life people are
putting up Halloween decorations already
I'm enthusiastic
I love people's enthusiasm about
Halloween but I'm a holiday purist and I
say I say no Halloween decorations until
October 1st October is the month of
spooky I'm gonna sell my rotten
jack-o'-lanterns because apparently
that's the thing I can do that yeah I
make a jack-o-lantern wine out of them
you don't put up Christmas decorations
until after Thanksgiving we live in a
free society and you can do whatever the
fuck you want you can and I can also
complain about whatever the fuck I want
some is gonna complain about it but you
can't say they can't do it you can say I
don't like it I don't like it but you
can say they can't do but you know what
Jack what it carries absolutely no
fucking authority absolutely so ever
I am silently bitching into the void
rich know people might listen but no one
will hear me thanks the other way around
good one right here you've been no one
will know oh sure sure
oh look at all that wine look at all
that wine jamming Korpi glorp too much
spooky makes it less special exactly
like as soon as you start moving out of
October you start diluting what makes
Halloween special and I love Halloween
Halloween's my favorite holiday
without without doubt Halloween is my
favorite holiday and and people are
diluting it and Halloween got ruined
when trick-or-treating got limited to
like between noon and 3 p.m. the
Saturday before Halloween
that's only in some neighborhoods it's
it's are it already feels like a dead
holiday to me that's only in some
neighborhoods we still do
trick-or-treating that night you do it
on Halloween not on how long it's that's
it's either what is it the Saturday the
closest Saturday or Sunday I forget
Saturday it's the closest Saturday to
Halloween that's Saturday night which
you know that just makes sense because
people work just give kids the day off
the next day take a take off work the
next day fuck it fuck it nah take it you
know make it an actual fucking holiday
that would be nice why is why is fucking
Columbus Day a national holiday and not
Halloween fucking right fucking right
I'd be with you there rich I'm right I'm
right with you all these fucking flowers
so some neighborhoods have switched it
to like Sunday afternoons between noon
and 3:00 for safety reasons which yes is
complete bull hockey but my neighborhood
does not my neighborhood still has it
that night and it's great the parents
are always with because the kids go out
alone at least in your neighborhood yeah
the older ones the older ones we also
have a problem of people coming by our
problem is now
like the kids coming it's the kids
coming who aren't wearing costumes you
just tell them no trick for you that's I
have a strict you need to have a costume
rule but like we'll get kids who just
come like dressed normally and then
they'll have like three bags and be like
oh yeah I'm not wearing a costume also
my brother and sister is sick can you
give them some candy I was like nope you
got to show up with a costume on and you
know what it's a dead holiday you know
what lie to me tell me you're dressed up
as someone from Riverdale and that's
what they wear in river did lie to me
and I'll give you some candy it's not a
dead holiday it's a it's a dying it's a
it's a holiday in limbo at the moment
I'll accept dying holiday not dead yet
fuck those can fuck those kids man like
just put on a costume and I'll give you
some fucking candy that's the agreement
that everyone has you go around in a
costume I give you candy do they egg
your house no no one does that anymore
well I don't know I haven't heard about
anyone doing that in Ohio
next time I'm still not there yet nope
that's great epic Jason yeah like this
sometimes it's really fun people get
into it when when Lisa and I went as as
Team Rocket last year we the whole
family went as Pokemon yeah characters
and Lisa and I were Team Rocket our cut
like we had people stop and take
pictures with us because they thought
our costumes were so great like kids
we're like Team Rocket and we memorized
the little we memorized the little
saying they do in the cartoon it was
great
Halloween's been replaced by Comic Con I
left because it's true any plans for
family costume this year I'm still
hoping I can squeak out a Friday the
13th theme but I don't know it's it's
we're struggling to find like a thing
that we can all go as was Jack James or
Jessie
I get it I can't I can't help but feel
I'm partly to blame for that running
joke you know I'm not going to disagree
with you at all right favorite Halloween
candy uh Reese's peanut butter cups
those tiny those little Reese's peanut
butter cups yeah I fuckin love Reese's
peanut butter cups anyway and then you
get the little tiny ones on Halloween I
think I could eat two thousand of them
tiny tiny Crunch Bars
sure sure tiny Crunch Bars are fine tiny
milky way's I've always been a fan of
milky wasn't milky way's it's just uh
that's one of those things I can't even
eat right no no well it's just caramel
and it's not nougat it's like caramel
and something else something I would
avoid on principle what so paranoid
about any kind of nuts Daddy nut nut
nuts oh I don't know if Milky Way has
any nuts oh is it new getting his new
get a nut thanks oh oh
fluffy candy
okay so what's new get help me out here
they're saying no nuts in Milky Way I
got no nuts in Milky Way so yeah I love
I love that Milky Way as a kid it was
all like nerds and Pixy sticks like
anything that was like sugar mm-hmm but
not technically sugar like colored sugar
in different forms that was my jam when
I was a kid what are you doing down here
wife you trying to run away from me you
trying to swim away from me I need to
show you my new machine it's called a
leg-breaking machine was his misery that
was the idea
yeah lost most of that okay way now
we're getting we're getting different
we're getting different words on what
nougat is why don't eat candy bars right
range I'm with you rich and look like
they might conceivably have some form of
nut in them okay these are the
ingredients for milky way's sugar
glucose syrup milk solids vegetable fat
cocoa butter cocoa mass barley malt
extract cocoa powder egg white
emulsifier salt natural flavor
there is no nuts in milky way's so that
must not be nougat no nuts in Milky Way
oh yeah fucking three musketeers I love
that too that like whipped chocolate
with that with the regular chocolate on
the outside fucking love that does rich
just eat like rocks no booze and no
candy alright how do you how do you get
that the only thing you can eat besides
booze and candy is rocks and no not no
candy just any candy that looks like it
probably has fucking nuts in it like
milk chocolate a Hershey bar it's fine
Crunch Bars stuffs got like rice in it
Crunch Bars fine mmm fine yeah cheese no
nuts no seafood and cheese
I need pizza all day shit yeah
like Pete says that whipped chocolate is
nougat and I guess it's so like that's
why we're getting some different
information here is you know according
to Milky Way Milky Way is Milky Way whip
contains 37 percent milk chocolate and
63 percent nougat but there is no
mention of any sort of nut in the
ingredient list what's new it is none
are they synonymous no the ingredients
are the what I read you form nougat has
the ingredient form nougats okay okay
allergen information confectionery
contains products derived from soy wheat
barley eggs and milk may be present
peanuts and tree nuts so proud that's
probably one of those like made in the
same factory maybe yeah maybe so you
would probably yes be best to stay away
from Milky Way's
her no nun Karen Jessie's not thinking
she forgets she offered me something
that I know she's got her almond milk in
her like what are you trying to do that
what are you trying to do she's trying
to kill you right yeah rich could you
sign this paper real quick I just need
you to sign this pain oh it says it's an
autograph I want an autograph from a
sign right here right right here on the
line what's that nothing here you want
some milk it's regular milk that's
say it made using the same machinery
that no yes that nut bars were made in
that's probably true yeah that's also
that can also be dangerous to people
with severe nut allergies just means
being eaten something that was just
around nuts allergies
man that's a that's a whole world right
there there's probably different levels
of sensitivity I have yet to have a
problem with something that yes may have
like the factory same factory there
might be some residue sure sure if you
have to have issues with anything like
that
okay okay so we're clearing up some
confusion captain sorrow saying the the
nougat that is made in most modern candy
bars is very different than what is
traditionally called nougat which is
nuts speeches of riveting extreme
boluses
this is what we got tonight yeah we
don't we don't have gold all the time
there's no new Star Wars news out we
can't talk about words we're talking
about nougat this is what you get
thirsty I'm thirsty I'm gonna get gonna
get some fucking water and then we're
gonna come back and we're gonna figure
out what nougat is nougat nougat thank
you you're a crazy man
can't scratch he's gone mad folks
hmm me sitting here quietly playing this
farming game that great that beneficial
to everyone
64 bombs is all I can make I need a
better way to get solar essence I need a
better way batch what are you okay have
you been like super drinking do you need
a ride home I haven't had anything to
drink today at all I don't I don't
believe you I drank a whole lot
yesterday I drank a whole lot yesterday
and so some of it might just be left
over in my system but no I haven't had
anything to drink today yesterday I was
really lucky out of nowhere my mom
called up and said hey why don't you
have the boys come over to my house they
can sleep over and I said fuck yeah get
him out of my sight and and it was
Saturday so it was beer day for me so
just started drinking it's great lamb
lamb lamb yeah both my barn and my
chipping chicken coop are fitted with an
automatic animal feeder why are you
lying to me about getting up to feed the
animals lamb what what what what did you
really get up early for I saw you
hanging out with Elliot at the at the
Fall Fair
I saw that so yesterday I find you
plotting a way to escape me today you're
getting up early to feed the animals
well I'd give you a blackberry every
morning and you like it and that's why
you agreed to marry me because I give
you a blackberry every morning the game
really doesn't take that into account if
you have your automatic feeders Kubrick
give her a different line game nothing
else were to really do unless she milk
these fucking cows that'd be great if
she could milk the cows right and listen
I know you're an artist and maybe you're
working on another sculpture or some
horseshit but note the fucking cows it
takes 20 seconds I'd like you to
contribute to this farm a little bit
Leia Leah Leah Leah however the farts
browsing I'm sure it's fine
maybe Leah maybe Leia I don't know I
don't know she didn't hug them she
didn't even hug hug them so you win you
noticed that they were already fed and
you left and then you lied about it
right Jay frisk 2 says hey Jack as a
comics fan did you hear about the
passing of Len Wein today I did not he
was 69 years old and he co-created
Wolverine and Swamp Thing have you read
any of those character books
I mean Wolverine devil Radium quality
eggs oh I don't want to sell those well
shit you got some point poleng ban can
you make can you make iridium quality
mayonnaise out of that I think it just
it rerolls the quality if you do the
actual demand oh yeah this is good
quality for mayonnaise but no I'm just
for novelty sake man I'm holding onto
those eggs yeah well yeah you gotta keep
at least one per my got an Iridium milk
- that's great that's great no I you
know what I've never actually read any
Swamp Thing I don't know what if I'm
missing anything Swamp Thing wise you
read any Swamp Thing no I don't know
anything about read ever had Alan
Moore's big famous one
ok that's good ok Alan Moore wrote it
well right I still see the green
download bar so I don't know how far X
comma is but all time the green bar oh
it's over steam it's probably not gonna
happen today we we are we are at 30
minutes 30 minutes 52 of 59.7 gigs and
so I bran flakes
so maybe whose Ethernet we are hooked up
through Ethernet yes and we have very
nice internet here but we're also
streaming displeased spirits fucking I'm
going to mind anyway I guess we're gonna
try and kill some ghosts that says the
plan
kill the ghosts I need I need a good
efficient way to get solar essence and I
don't know how to do it kill the ghosts
kill those ghosts what's the last comedy
movie that made me laugh probably the
the lapse the amazing having amazing
spider-man homecoming though that was a
good one after that though I saw the big
sick and that made me laugh and that is
a comedy movie lots of movies were good
comedy in them that aren't necessarily
comedies right right but the latest one
that I saw was was probably the big sick
why did you see how oh yeah ah made me
cry made me laugh all the all the fields
the big sick
or all the ghosts get the ghosts rich
where all the damn ghosts and ghosts are
they hiding hmm face me spirit otter
pode how do you farm solar essence in
the desert tell us tell us say ghost I
got I got one from a ghost
okay the mummies are a poor way of
farming solar essence because I need the
solar essence to make bombs yeah but you
need to use a bomb to kill a mummy oh I
can't farm the mummies for solar essence
because I need to use the thing that I
need the solar essence for right that
math does not check out I guess I could
use like the cherry bombs that's not the
big bombs you don't need the solar
essence to craft the cherry bombs I
don't want to use a whole bunch of coal
either though
I might make sense bad coffee I don't
know if I've seen Dark Crystal
the question is Dark Crystal our
neverending story neverending story dark
crystals impressive I don't like it I'll
send done yeah yeah it's overrated for a
while like I thought I had seen Dark
Crystal and I would talk about Dark
Crystal but I was actually talking about
legend Oh Legends fine but I'm gonna say
legends great but Legends fine
you know Tim Curry devil that's all you
need okay right I would have said cherry
bombs with that means farming more maths
I'm usually just rich enough to buy
cherry bombs from the dwarf as far as
killing the mummies are concerned all
right all right
and will consider buying cherry bombs
from the dwarf hmm where's the where's
the egress let me kill this guy first
kill em kill him so I will also say the
neverending story never any stars good
neverending story I mean a black dark
crystal from like a just the Jim Henson
puppeteering perspective Oh God it's
brilliant that way yeah
stories characters neverending story is
that's boring protagonist in dark recent
Dark Crystal yeah I haven't seen
boring-ass protagonist
can you buy stuff from him I should be
able to do I owe their three bucks
that's expensive
oh my god none of us says with fall
coming soon how long until it's super
cold up there I live in a place with no
snow so I'm clueless what that must be
like you know already we're dropping
down to like the 60s snow is the worst
which is that's compared to the summer
you know it's getting it's getting
chillier at night now but it's the
absolute worst it's just not it's just
not and yeah I think you're overreacting
just now but now that September is here
usually it doesn't get really cold until
October like 50s but it can fluctuate
they can fluctuate
unless the crafting recipe for the
cherry bombs the smaller bombs which
should work to kill for coal - one
copper for copper - one cold yeah yeah
that's not bad that's not bad you can do
that yeah you say yeah but you have a
hundreds of both coal and copper all
right well back that coal I'm gonna need
to smelt all of this iridium that I
eventually want to farm or mine.
Oh, sure. Yeah, yeah.
so I'm gonna need that okay yeah it's a
little bit late to start tomorrow
no way oh yeah like we're starting to
get to the we're starting to get to
perfect like pants and long sleeve shirt
weather here in Wisconsin where it's
like kind of just mid 60's all day so
you're really comfortable in pants and a
long-sleeve shirt
this is like the really great weather
when it's sunny out it's just just cold
enough to be comfortable outside not too
hot not too cold
September's September and October is
usually perfect Wisconsin weather and
then it starts to snow and everything's
glorious and it's a winter wonderland
you can go sledding and get into car
accidents it's great it's too late in
the day to process geodes
oh you can't process your geodes I'm
sorry
you are literally talking about the
weather someone asked I'm sorry
someone asked about the weather I'll
move on
rewind shot you get a diamond today oh
it's another berry got a diamond in my
hand hey we've been great she's like oh
thanks I guess
but where's my berry she might she might
have been on that like I've really
appreciated this priceless diamond that
you crafted yourself and but uh kind of
really like the berries that you find on
the ground for me give me one of those
grounders that's her thing that's her
thing she likes forage materials yeah
she's very easy to gift okay rewind
shock says got my first chicken dinner
here's some proof like chick-fil-a no
winner winner chicken dinner in pub G
this is this is rewind shock
congratulations one rewind shock to
let's see I agree with Mike about Bill
Murray he is a diva who thinks he's a
great indie actor screwed future
Ghostbusters project poor acting world
didn't need a future look you can call
him a diva and maybe his secret asshole
I've heard he's got a temper on him a
horrible temper Hey
sir he's shunned Harold Ramis over a
disagreement about a film for 20 years
Tom a comedy Phil there's a lot of
things that might be horrible about Bill
Murray yeah denying the world of another
Ghostbusters film is not one of them
they did it Ghostbusters - no it didn't
work yeah it wasn't as good and the man
is not
obligated to fucking fulfill your your
Ghostbusters fetish for the rest of his
life I think it's well put yeah and as
far as like overrated indie actor he's
very good in a lot of movies yeah so
I'll just go ahead and disagree I got a
whole tab here at some point oh sorry
freeze
there you go we got all tabbed Oh was I
doing this yeah for those who don't know
during the filming of Groundhog Day
Groundhogs Day Bill Murray was going
through a divorce yeah and that's the
case specifically but oh I thought I
thought I thought I heard that well
bilborough's going through a rough patch
and he wanted to turn it into a super
dark movie Harold Ramis was making a
comedy it was making a simple premise
comedy right and they thought pretty
harshly about how the movie should be
portrayed and actually I think to the
benefit of the movie unfortunately this
guy is it got a bittersweet thing go out
and it has that push and pull back and
forth from dark to light hearted which i
think really works in favor of the film
but unfortunately unfortunately caused
them to to fight for many years and not
or not speak it caused them to fight and
not speak to each other for many years
for those of you who don't know the
Harold Ramis Bill Murray story that was
it Bill Murray never never needed to get
out of Harold Ramis a shadow all right
right who ever said Oh someone said that
yeah oh come on Bill Murray was his own
name already
yes on Saturday Night Live Bill Murray
was his it was a name
someone didn't I think someone did the
math for how long Bill Murray was
trapped in that town it's a long time
it's a very long time like someone not
only counted the individual numbers of
days that we can see in the film but
actually how long it would take him to
completely like learn and master the
piano write stuff like that and it's
decades I want to say here's here's
something dark Wow okay you know like
like like like decades and decades and
decades stuck in this loop yeah sent
centuries stuck in this loop yeah
he's aging at normal time no the rest of
his life is going to feel like it goes
by in the blink of a fucking eye that's
true that's true he's gonna be so out of
sorts when he can't just redo tomorrow
and get it perfect like you did today
yeah but he'll also have you know all of
this talent and perspective and you know
dirt on everyone in town to blackmail
they said it was a few years it's gotta
be more than that it's gotta be more
than just a few years well I suppose
like if you're practicing piano every
single day I would I would maybe I I
would take a minimum of five five years
it's gotta be longer than that minimum
what's what's your what's the lowest
amount it could be give me give me a
thought here watch the movie sure
I thought the estimate was like a
hundred years or something weird though
I would absolutely believe that because
it's not just not just about the deaths
that we see on camera which is a number
in and of itself but all of the things
that he learned and did I was doing in
the game it was fine we're talking about
Groundhog Day this way so that's fine oh
but oh yeah also a rewind check on your
other point on winner winner chicken
dinner I finally did something really
good for myself rich yeah and I deleted
pub G from my computer at home and the
game you didn't recommend but kept
playing the game I didn't recommend and
kept playing even though every death
made me feel sad and miserable I'm drawn
to it though like I cause I a lot of
people refer to it as chasing the dragon
you know like that you're wanting that
unobtainable thing no one it's still a
game that I cannot recommend even to
myself because it made me feel so bad
yeah mommy right off the bed it's great
let's get them grouped together for bomb
efficiency
bombs em
bombs em I got a glitch mummy that won't
fall over this is bad no at the very
least just annoying
stupid mummies
glitched unkillable mummy's ruining my
fun right off the bat Jack I'm sorry
jack how many hours did I have in pub G
at the end a little over 40 I didn't
think I'd get 20 and I got I got a
little over 40 and ups and downs the you
know the way that I will always talk
about pub G where it's like it has so
many possibilities as far as
entertainment like you know it can be
really engaging like the hide and seek
and and scavenge gameplay I think can be
really engaging but it's also deceiving
because every death feels meaningless
and and it always left me feeling really
empty with every death
oh that got you a couple soul or
essences that's nice this does not feel
efficient you're getting him though I
also get my ass kicked
I missed it was Jack talking about it's
talking about pub G holy shit what right
here
no that's iridium oh well there you go
well shit there you go you don't see
this is this hot this high up in the
mines usually have to get a lot lower
that's great shit he is that pub do you
well you know that debt could be it but
my my experiences in pub G might not be
the same as your experiences in pub G
bud I I always I always left pub G
feeling bad daddy
flying fish hate those fucking things
flying fish
I had five games in a row Pub G last
night where I died before touching a
weapon I was dropping in high population
areas though right well you know I found
I found a couple strategies that again
you know the the the hide seek and
scavenge part of the game is is what is
engaging and I found some you know
really good strategies where I was able
to kind of fly far away from everyone
get some decent weapons I got pretty
good at finding a vehicle but every
death every death felt left left me
unsatisfied who's shooting me where were
they shooting me from was there
something I could have done different to
not get shot those things so for my own
mental health I deleted the game from my
computer and when the new maps come out
I will just you know I might download it
again we'll see now but I knew what the
joke was I found the joke eventually he
sounds like a drug addict yeah that's
that was a joke that's the point
all right let's see here
Anonymous is rich thanks for the
recommendation of a spectacular
spider-man
it was amazing yeah possibly try Young
Justice a lot of the spider staff went
on to work on it yeah and Netflix saved
it from being prematurely ended no
pressure Young Justice is that DC I
think so
that sounds like a DC thing flying fish
flying nightmarish things were obnoxious
Oh what's the update on the new Nintendo
64 I returned the old one to the store
and I haven't gotten the new one yet I
mostly just cuz I hadn't thought about
it I knew XCOM 2 is coming up so it's
not high on my priority list anymore but
I will get on it I will get a
functioning a Nintendo 64 this is not
worth dying I know very little health I
don't have good healing items we're just
leaving you got you've got your solar
things and you got things well you got
some and you got some iridium already
more of the larger bombs
it is currently still downloading I can
see the little green bar I could see the
little green bar that's gotta close
right ya know don't know don't care
oh let's see here SUSE nut says hey guys
just wanted to put through the facts
just wanted to put through the fact that
the reddit post about you're talking
about religion was easily interpretable
sarcasm in spite of some down votes
apparently rlm fans know like sarcasm I
don't understand what this thread was
i've never have not seen this thread
neither have i see you see not sorry
I've not seen that thread but you know
in general what something rich and I
have talked about a lot is sometimes
it's really hard to decipher sarcasm in
the written form yeah so if someone made
a reddit post that was meant to be
sarcastic might not have come across
might not come across
what this that was this the thread
oh that's spam whoever just linked to
that reddit thing that dominate one get
him out of here that's spam did you do
it already
nope that's the one the farce awakens
you spamming us the first awakens
where'd you go I'm gonna get you I'm
gonna get you I'm gonna get it I'm gonna
be in yeah I'm gonna ban you for
spamming Oh someone got you already good
thank you jack clicks on spam I do well
I thought that was the threat not
because it said it said the reddit see
you fell for an obvious lie I'm
apparently I thought it was I thought it
was the thing we were talking about
betta boo boom don't be what there it
that was clearly a spam account that was
clearly a spam account and so I was
getting rid of someone who you know we
see that stuff all the time all the the
the pornography links in chat you see
those hey baby baby check out my
Instagram photos oh I make a habit of
not clicking on strange links it was a
link it said it was it was different cuz
it said it was a link to read it and
they were just talking about the reddit
thread and I was like okay great so uh
so I thought I'd click on it but it was
just one of those spam bots hey baby
check out my posts hey baby
Jack what wait what what please read the
logs what logs what are you talking
about what's going on what logs what
what are you guys talking about why am i
holding the laptop like a giant iPad so
it's closer to my eyes so it's easy to
read the first waken has been in quite a
few streams it's not a spammer can what
was he doing what's going on what's
happening I'm seeing that everyone's
telling me I'm wrong if someone could
tell me how I'm wrong and not have the
chat scroll up a million miles per hour
apparently it was a joke and not spam oh
well then it by the way that was a
really bad joke because it looked like
spam the farce awakens was making a joke
all right all right and part and part of
the joke rich was a link that links to a
spam thing and now people are mad at me
because I thought it was spam do you see
what's happening rich do you see what's
happening did you get what's going on
nope I'm farming I'm just farming ain't
no mind
I didn't ban him someone banned him sure
you were trying to I was trying to but
someone got him before I could Jackie
don't fuck it was if they made a bad
joke and I thought it was spam I guess
how can you guys be mad at me for
thinking something spin okay well mod
Zhun banham whoever banned him go on
Bantam
Stephen Bentham
Steve on banham right I didn't ban him
anyway whoever banned among yourself
from the controversy you so much such a
politician I'm stating the facts rich I
am stating the fact I not technically I
was not the one who did the the banning
yeah I think piece of people who are
actually responsible for this will have
to answer for their crimes which are not
related to me no I asked for the bombing
it's completely related to me I just
didn't do that exactly I asked for the
band I just want to point out once again
that I had nothing to do with this
banning well I didn't ban him that's
what I'm saying it wasn't me personally
abandoned that's fine it's fine I just
don't I don't understand everyone
getting all up in my shit because I
clicked on the link and it was spam and
then I thought it was spam so I banned
the spammer and people are like it was
obviously a joke this is a bad joke man
and everything's fine everything's fine
why is no fun allowed I'll stand by my
decisions now that new information has
been brought to light we can you know
adjust
oh well anyway Jack did not inhale maybe
that's the problem I inhaled too much
where are we
Salinas Selenia says candy nougat Milky
Way is not made from nuts
it is aerated beaten egg whites and a
boiled sugar syrup like marshmallows
traditional nougat can contain nuts but
the candy type does not you can
understand how somebody who is allergic
to nuts would be paranoid about this
absolutely absolutely I usually do start
doing small doses yeah I'm about done
great I don't know how long X comes got
left how long we've been streaming or if
you want to do something great I'm gonna
read some tips you can be done if you
want just hang out for a second
what's that we start today I have no
idea what's the rub time I got my for
our policy I'm sticking by Jack I'm
sticking by it's fair I'm waiting for
someone to do enough time yeah we're
only just a little over two hours that's
a short stream yeah looks like we might
be done soon with the with the download
upload let's see here the blue prism
says good evening Jack and rich you guys
have to have talked about this at some
point but have either of you gotten to
see much of Always Sunny in Philadelphia
I'm watching through it now and it's
hilarious brother loves it I've not
really seen it yeah I think it's great I
think it's I think it's brilliant all
the way through we have one minute and
23 seconds left to download ex-con -
yeah yeah I think it's great I haven't
seen all the seasons I want to say I've
only seen the first two seasons but I
thought they were brilliant
just perfect always funny always funny
never not funny yeah so that is my
opinions on Always Sunny in Philadelphia
I have no particular reason why I
stopped watching it and I just watched
other things yeah so remember to change
the overlay text change that and we'll
change it in chatty - everything will be
fine take a break I got more tips to
read oh wait this one's for you there's
a monster named crow bus in the sewers
yeah that will sell you ten solar
essences for 80 gold I'm the the the
scrooge mcduck and maybe it's trying to
do this on the cheap and even cheaper
than buying solar essence from Corbis
agro bus yeah is getting it for free by
killing monsters we would drop it sure
but it's just but it's costing you bombs
to do it with yeah yeah but it's costing
me the cherry bombs which are like
cheaper smaller bombs and I use those to
build the giant bombs which destroy half
the rocks on a level and you get deeper
in the minds and mind much quicker okay
that's fine
cheap you have over 800,000 gold all
right here's the thing you know what I
think I think by the time I'm actually
ready to do a major mine run I'm gonna
have to stream it it won't be a full
stream yeah but I'm gonna have to stream
it most of that gold I'm going to invest
in simple rocks here's here's how the
desert mines work
iridium in this game mm-hmm super
fucking rare super fucking room and one
of the spots you can get it is the
desert mind here's that here's the
here's the way - doesn't mind works
though the desert mind has no bottom
keeps going down forever and the deeper
you go yeah the more common iridium is
nice you get you get deep enough like
it's just just fucking everywhere okay
so so the strat is to get as deep
you can in the desert mine as quickly as
you can do it one of the ways you do
this is like with the rocks
I think it's 99 or 100 rocks you can
craft into a stairwell that takes you
down a level yeah so you fill your
inventory with rocks you craft a fuck
ton of stairs then you just keep going
so you you run out of rocks yeah and
you'll be at like level 300 and iridium
will be plentiful and then you start
dropping bombs so instead of
individually taking the the pickaxe
every Rock yeah you dropped a bomb it
explodes and destroys all of the rocks
in the area nice that all the stuff gets
sucked up into you and you reveal
staircases much quicker and then you go
deeper fast cool so rocks - you're out
of rocks and then you start using bombs
and you can get hundreds and hundreds
you get stacks both of the stacks of
iridium that way great also to the point
who says rich you're being cheap you
have 800,000 gold how do you think you
keep 800,000 gold you be cheap I don't
know if you've ever met a really wealthy
person like someone who has a lot of
money they will be the cheapest
motherfucker you ever run into and
that's why they're wealthy yeah yeah so
that's why rich has so much gold because
he's still not spending it but you also
want the coffee to move faster you want
coffee you want um I'm starting to grow
coffee but it's coffees fairly cheap to
buy okay I think you need that much and
and that makes him move faster it makes
you move faster you don't you really
want why not if your goes do if you go
deep enough and not might not make a
huge difference but there's things you
can eat that increase your luck which
also would I assume make Rydia more
likely to show up I would assume or at
the very least maybe just the the exit
scene get down quicker hmm cossacks with
speed boosting food as well maybe once
i've got all my ducks in a row got a ton
of healing items set up for it i got
at the the bombs and the the staircase
is ready to go yeah maybe I'll stream a
run down the mine yeah that'd be great
but it's it's a lot of prep work a lot
of prep work well great I'll be back
okay rich we'll be back
let's see here
Joe kitty oh oh one says hey guys what's
up e games are you going to play for
spook come on I don't know I'll play
whatever I want to play Jack and do a
spooky thing ritual play XCOM too but
I'll be wearing a I don't know a ghost
outfit or a pirate outfit and that'll be
super scary I'll be wearing a skeleton
outfit that'll be her scary games
what is rich Evans talk what he's
talking about star to valley he's
talking about his his mad stardew valley
strats for obtaining iridium
