Episode 860
Chosen.... TO DIE!! (part 2)
September 26, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FpiTAIGrgbc
___________________________________________

the resistance in an Advent supply line
we have an opportunity to salvage some
high-value materials assuming we can
clear out the alien forces guarding the
site first commander we're gonna win
this war we need to take every chance we
get to fight back
we'll have to be ready to engage the
enemy during unpredictable situations
which requires special planning and
preparation oh this is good this is good
why is this good it's good I have one of
the resistance orders which I pretty
damn sure I used you get to issue orders
at the start of every month you have
limited number of shoes from okay any
hit on a lost counts as a headshot okay
which I presume if I'm reading that
right any shot that hits them even if
it's not enough to take all their health
down will kill them mm-hmm
I can bring the sniper yeah snipers got
a pistol that does not require reloading
I could just get them all cool this
could be amazing or it could be
absolutely spectacular or you read it
wrong and you're gonna read it wrong and
oh shit
[Laughter]
bring a sniper ship no ship no way I'll
write you some more blanket line yeah
you're probably going to need this
biohazard kit it's very likely that the
tomato paste has aids in it all right
well you're probably going to need this
biohazard kid probably gonna need this
biohazard kid it's very likely that
tomato paste has aids in it I did like
that that was a funny line
why I remember that I spilled some
tomato paste it's very likely the tomato
paste has AIDS
let's see here PC New Bern says Jack
finally joined stream just to ask since
you love wet hot American wet hot
American summer so much wondering if you
had seen the absurdist gold that is the
TV run of Stella from Showalter Wayne
and black a little bit of it back in the
day it started off actually as an
internet sketch show and this was pre
YouTube days they had a little tiny
little Internet videos and they were all
so amazing and absurdist and like
guerilla filmmaking and beautiful but
yeah that I saw the first season of
their stellar show and loved it I'm
looking there again rich I am looking
there to the jet I loved it I think it's
I think it's great I'll take some
getting used to
yeah well I actually wasn't a big fan of
the States which was the sketch show
that they all started in I didn't see
too much of it but the little I did see
I didn't much care from what Stella I'm
a big fan lots of dildos and those
online videos for Stella absolutely it's
great really good stuff
Stella alright
I have not seen Ken Marino's burning
love how can you not love the state
I felt very similarly about the state as
I felt about what's the David Cross Bob
Odenkirk Show
I'm mr. sharp mr. show where I always
found them to be very funny but I never
laughed if that makes any sense it
probably doesn't make a lot of sense I
would watch the show and I'd go oh yeah
is the word you look for amusing that
was amusing
you don't necessarily laugh it's
something that's musing you know what
they were they were clever okay every
one of their mr. show and and the state
were very clever schedules but they
never really made me laugh I would watch
the sketch and I go wow that was really
well done and very clever
all right next sketch woo that was also
very well done and very clever but none
of it got that guttural laughter
reaction what about the kids and how
kids in the hall is one of my favorite
sketch comedy shows ever made
I could watch kids in the hall all day
every day I think it's I think it's both
clever and incredibly funny I was one of
the different raids this isn't one of
the one but you collect boxes
kids in the hall forever yes Chan I have
literally never seen a single episode of
MADtv is that true yeah I used to watch
it back in the day was fine Saturday
Night Live alternative if I wasn't he
didn't like who was on Saturday Night
Live shit yeah in living color wasn't a
jam I'm sure looking bad like you know I
was very young when in living color came
out but I'm sure if I look back in it I
wouldn't like it but uh I enjoyed in
living color back in the day key and
Peele yeah they're great key peel is
another fantastic sketch comedy show
the fly girls hold up there you go
that's all you need is the flag girls
all right I'll better package all right
no wait I need that hey wire protocol
probably
is that all you could see
[Music]
that's all you can see you're standing
right over the other two fuckers
oh wait wait wait wait I got oh can you
know that train doesn't blow up Oh
[Music]
wanted to use remote start the Reaper
here she's got a power an ability called
remote start and there's a something
explosive in the environment she can set
it off while in stealth and it doesn't
reveal her it doesn't take her out of
stealth
mmm it's Plan B look like I will save it
will hold on to that mmm going do good
snake-man go boom I'm looking for some
throwing knives to buy any tips no don't
cut yourself easy why would you want
throwing knives are you thinking about
getting into the hobby of knife throwing
if so start with some cheap ones that
you can you know not worry about ruining
if you're practicing oh they're lost I
can deal with this
I'll take that
100% yeah I'll take that just shut it
down absolutely absolutely
rich no rich no what what you do I know
you should get that you should get the
mod that makes the lost chance to attack
the other other enemies 50% no I don't
want to change gameplay that that's
cheap that's cheating I shouldn't need
to do that shit you know you would think
that the developer has already figured
that out how to balance it properly you
would like to think you would at very
least like to think
let's see here I am Chester says Tom
Holland the new spider-man said he would
like to see Tobey Maguire play Uncle Ben
now by flashback in the next movie no ya
know for a lot of reasons by the way
fuck Tobey Maguire and fuck his shitty
Peter Parker performance well first of
all Tobey Maguire's a fine actor but
he's shitty a shitty Peter Parker he
still looks very young so having him
play Uncle Ben in a flashback might be
weird unless they're going like young
Uncle Ben
I love that lady with the eye patch and
that and when she pulls out the
six-shooter it's so fuckin badass so
like not only would it be weird because
he probably doesn't look right for the
part it would be weird because everyone
would just say that's right right and
that would completely take a large part
of the audience out of the movie he
played spider-man and other spider-man
movies did you know that rich and that's
all you would hear in the movie theaters
no Chad I am not currently using the
thing that extends the mission timers I
played around with that once at home I
don't think the timers are balanced very
good and more of the chosen though
that's a good question I actually don't
know the answer to that Mister I love
the ants was Uncle Ben or Aunt May blood
related to Peter Parker yeah Oh Aunt May
I believe okay Aunt May's way I could be
wrong but I'm not I'm not sure
it's probably a little bit well wake her
name if they have the same last name
then it's Uncle Ben
hypothetically hypothetically they both
are it's possible if Ben's if Ben and
Mays brother and sister got married
Ben's brother married may sister then
it's possible they're both related very
unlikely very unlikely you know there
was a comic book early 2000s they're
saying that bang was broke that implied
that Peter is actually Mays illegitimate
son oh my god
of course there's trouble trouble yeah
they're just called trouble in comic
about teen pregnancy and the twist at
the end was that it was Aunt May as a
team if I remember this right who had
Peter or who had who had Peters parents
so who had man that may had Peter as a
teenager yes the math doesn't work just
putting that out there I don't who gives
a shit they don't give a shit about
continuity anymore they haven't for
years Jack you're living in a fantasy
world that's true what I'm seeing in
chat is that Uncle Ben was Peters dad's
brother that's what I'm Josh yeah and
that would make sense if the last what
names line up so
I know all comics are fantasies still
that didn't make a lot of things I could
see I could see a writer saying that you
know Aunt May illegitimate Lee had
Peter's mom who they called her sister
so it's all fine but it's all but it's
all a bunch of fictional horseshit jack
but and so then she would al horseshit
be Peters grandmother though you know
everyone just you know the family called
her aunt did I successfully blow that up
all right that's one problem down my
scalp is especially shiny here maybe
bad situation let's see here capo nello
Kappa nello says tell rich that he needs
a mod to recruit more than one of the
hero class I don't want to work the
gameplay that they have balanced even
though I not entirely sure yet its
balance great
oh sure it doesn't break the game since
you only get a chance to recruit them
also resistance ring is the first
building to rush that's what Kaplan
Allah is saying also the chat is
reminding us saying that if you can do a
mod to recruit more pimps and more
pushers you did it you did a jet that's
a great joke
hate everything and everyone
and now rich hates everything and
everyone which is that that's how we
want them that's how we want rich we
just want him hating everything and
everyone
that is nice at Chad for reaction
and I was we gonna probably would have
died anyway
Oh get em next time how long until there
is a Mario Rabbids mod fresco is it
their all
is it out already now wait so there's a
30% chance that they'll attack we need
the enemy right yeah that's neat
I like that I did not watch half in the
bag because I was considering going to
see mother as I am a I'm a big fan of
Darren Aronofsky the the downside is I
hate Jennifer Lawrence I really dislike
her as an actress and I don't like
looking at her face
and actually uh we were talking with Jay
a little bit earlier today and he was
giving me a little bit of these the
bullet points of them of the mother
review and I've decided that I probably
don't want to see it because it's all
apparently a lot of Jennifer Lawrence so
I really just don't like her I don't
like her as an actress and I don't like
to look at her and even though I really
like Aronofsky as a filmmaker that's
adorable that's great so I will probably
maybe I'll see it when it comes down
demand but I won't go out the cool oh I
like Aronofsky even I even like a lot of
his weirdo movies
but holy crap there's a lot of them yes
I know they're kind of irritating well
yeah good to know I'm not alone on my
j-law opinion you know not for everyone
Vanderbilt and ER I also loved Black
Swan and I believe that the wrestler is
a perfect movie the wrestler is a
goddamn perfect movie and I really like
Black Swan it all right moment of truth
that thing doesn't I think it will ever
hit shots encounters a kill right yes
right as otherwise we'll be left with
one damage left and I'm fucked
let's find out yes you did it you did it
Oh rich
this is gonna be absurd that you've got
some mad strats here man you've got some
mad motherfucking strats you actually
deliberately used that grenade to lure
the lost yeah to attack those guys cuz I
knew I could clean house with the sniper
and now like the more ER she kills does
she get bonus points or not really I
don't know what the experience is
looking like I want to just look if you
could just grind her yeah with the lost
oh my god rich you're a madman not that
one is that the only one you could see
from there that's bad
shit
Oh doctor very little experience for
killing the loss that's what they're
saying okay and I guess that makes sense
that makes sense like they're like
cockroaches
yeah like epic Jason the thing the thing
that I liked about Black Swan is it's a
perfect example of cinematography as
used as a storytelling device the the
way the camera moves is just as
important to the character developments
as the acting I also think it's a
brilliant way to adapt to peace because
it's you know a story within a story
about the story that's the story within
the story it's I I think it's good and I
really like the performances there's a
lot I really dig about Black Swan who
you friends with
so teamwork I win
[Laughter]
rich is doing something I don't know
what you see Merc I got that side for an
extra move so I can shoot more where
that sniper look nice actually you know
what nothing the bad guys can deal with
them fuck yeah fuck yeah take a shot to
the head you fucker and she looks like a
badass dude maybe because she looks like
a badass she's acting like a badass just
saying when it works it works
I the sniper got more moves because of a
teamwork bonus yeah yeah the sniper is
that's one of the things they added to
war the judgement I really like if
you're free you can be really good
friends with one of your teammate and
that gives you certain perks it builds a
bond and the perk that they have is
extra moves
exactly breena's God I'm gonna take a
little bit of credit for how well that
sniper did there because she looks like
a badass take think I got a little bit
of credit come on we just had such a
nice run what's going on now well you
should mr. shot ow
yeah you were having that you were
having a really great murder everyone
Rob oh we're not done murdering everyone
that doesn't just end
let's see here spider Blair says Jax
thanks for liking my bronze Fonz photo
on Twitter I saw that we had a fan who's
in town took a photo with the Browns
Fonz good well you know it was the
cherry on top of a great trip I've been
to Milwaukee five times now in the past
two years any touristy things I should
do my next visit
ah you know I live here it's hard for me
to even think of touristy things to do
make sure you go to the Art Museum
that's cool it's just really neat being
in that color Calatrava the Transformers
for place that's a neat place to go
rush no rush no rush that's right
what a dishonor to be called the
Transformers me that's what that's what
a lot of people know it does that I'm
looking here to you again Jim that's
what a lot of people know it as though
is the museum that was like someone's
office in a Transformers movie but it's
actually a really neat building our our
art museum is really cool it has a lot
of cool exhibits I really recommend it
it's a it's a great place to go and in
fact in the I want to say the lower
level of one of the buildings is just a
giant furniture exhibit and it's very
strange because like it's just furniture
but it's it's really cool furniture from
all different time periods
very neat stuff very neat very cool so I
like our Art Museum
your chroma key just flashed in oh yeah
look at when it is that our Tremec here
what just changed in our lighting it's
weird that's visible
that's weird no that's that's behind
this map that's picture of a gun behind
us oh that's a that's Rich's gun
that's Rich's gun not the chromakey yeah
okay there you go
defining the whole screen turned green
oh the whole screen turns okay oh that's
this is my no no it could have been her
I wasn't easy Madison this character
makes the green tinted green the screen
tinted green sure
oh yeah the domes if you're back in
Milwaukee try to go to the Mitchell Park
domes that's a weird place to go always
fun that's a unique Milwaukee thing and
they would they did go to the safe house
yeah that's a fun place to go I think
we've talked about that before so the
safe house is fun she's only good with a
six-shooter rich
I know early game snipers are just kind
of terrible in this game
yeah
you did it yeah but I might pick rough
stuff should've been a mistake no all
right we're good well there we go huh
hearted said good evening jack
I am currently walking on a treadmill
listening to you
any positive Jack words would be
appreciated but if not no worries we're
all adults you can do whatever you want
no good for you man like snake man snake
man no I think that's great half hearted
I think that's like you know they say
sitting is the new smoking like it's
it's the thing that will turn out to
kill a lot of people just sitting all
day and not using our body do the same
thing I did last time so I think good on
you if you have these these moments you
know Lisa used to do that while watching
shows I should just get like a little
stepper and do like little steps just to
get her like moving
zexal announcement no but man that's a
great a great job great job keep it up
never stop moving like a shark just you
know move
that's right there bicycle machines that
you can put under your working desk they
have those like standing desks that you
can like raise up so you can sit for a
little bit and then raise it up and work
and stand for a little bit it's neat
one of these days maybe I'll get to
stand up timer working again I've been
pretty good riding my bike lately so I
haven't felt the need for standing up as
often but in general it is something I
worry that I'm getting repose in for
some reason
yeah can I do a funny clown thing not at
the moment I could go like this I could
go huh huh okay but it doesn't work the
same without the big red nose so pizza
train is being a little snippy saying
smoking is too is too cancer what
sitting is too cramps so yeah they're
saying that prolonged periods of not
moving can do bad things to the arteries
in your legs tolerant causing possible
heart conditions later and circulatory
problems things that like people didn't
understand that smoking causes cancer
people might not understand the negative
effects of sitting all day don't be
snippy
I don't know many of the very King we we
stashed up doing that one our stand-up
thing awhile ago
I don't know why I stopped just stopped
it just happens
are you sitting for a year did you not
have to get up to go potty
I sometimes like especially when I'm
editing I will not move from my seat for
3-4 hours at a stretch and for I think
for a lot of people they don't get out
of their seat for half the day so like
four solid hours of not getting out of
your chair is not good for your body and
that's hopefully you know people are a
little more aware of that I think that's
a good whiff oh okay good I thought you
wished that one
nope yep
doctor do it up says I won't be hearing
this tip right now as I have to go to
bed but I'll be watching the rest of the
stream tomorrow at work could you keep
this clicked
could you please yell hey fucko get back
to work I'll leave that one to rich as
soon as he's done though hey fucko get
back to work oh you gotta yell it hey
fucko get back to work nice nice rich
you did it
you did it are you just realizing that
Beauty losts nudie lusts that's right
I'm not gonna let rich phone in his
performance he had to say a thing you
paid him the money he says the thing
yeah fucking poison you don't have
anything to cure it and obviously what
about your health drone doesn't that do
anything
clan is just a funnel them all on my
sniper
I'm glad you like the new prereq a
little pizza train I'm pretty happy with
this a lot cleaner a little the bar on
the bottom there the green screen you
know I did like I liked the stuff in the
background before but the green screen
also works the the hardest thing is I'm
I have my muscle memory train to talk to
you guys over here and I need to make
sure I when I talk to chat look I look
in the eyes okay in the eyes
okay I'm glad I'm glad I'm this is a
some positive feedback for the new for
the new overlay we'll see we have to fit
the bits in somewhere because we get we
have the bits being forced upon us and
I'll try to think of some fun gifts for
bit if you guys feel like fitting or oh
no I'm more importantly I'm gonna look
into if we can set the bit length
high enough where no one will tip us
with
I don't think we can do that I went to
college I don't think we can get our
stream in VR sorry rich is playing XCOM
when this happens when which plays XCOM
and we know you like it when we're it's
plays on well yeah he just plays he just
plays man
Worcester circus your haven't you have
some ups and downs with this game rich
what with this DLC yeah yeah with war
the chosen I wish I could pick and
choose features all voice acting off the
lost off whether another would be fine
let's see here chip alors says hey
fellows I just started college and I'm
looking for relaxing games to help
relieve stress what games do you play to
relax
also fantastic overlay Jack games to
play to relax that's an interesting
question um off of the top of my head I
would recommend stardew valley
recommendation you know like there are
games that are always fun to play like I
could
I think I'd at anytime today I could
pick up rocket League and just have some
fun but that could also be stressful
because you know there's a competition
yesterday online and so you want a game
that doesn't necessarily have any
obligations of you
and while stardew valley is simulating
work its work at your own pace so the
poison can go away now oh that is really
annoying
can't really see your facial expressions
anymore you exceed I am big enough I'm
big enough in the screen you can still
see me
you can still see my face Oh like even
even FTL I think it would be a little
too stressful for me unless you're
playing like on easy or something FTL is
a that you want to play a game that
doesn't ask anything of you and so like
stardew valley is just one of those like
yeah fill the farm or don't I don't care
and then you know you get some pretty
crops to look at what's that what you
just win that's her deal well shit
I need to reload these bigger camera
bits
oh come on there you go 41 enemies rich
I know I know
41 goddamn enemies no that's a little
nuts man I know that is a little fucking
nuts can I wiggle my ears maybe rich am
i wiggling my ears
yeah you also dribbling half the side of
your face right yeah so let's see here
Laura Dawn's jack I need you to tell I
need you to I need you tell to my friend
to shave his head I need you to tell my
friend to shave his him he has early
male pattern baldness and he is
contemplating taking a drug called
propecia and from what he tells me has
horrible penis side-effects
the same without the doctor phrased it
yeah
this has horrible penis size this has
side effects to your wiener
it's gonna be bad for your wiener all
those all those fucking injuries that's
a lot man
field medic there you go here's the
thing about any of those drugs because I
had to make that call at one point
myself am I gonna try to fight this or
am I just gonna go with it those drugs
are expensive they can have weird side
effects and they're not guaranteed to
work that's the important thing so you
could get all the Weiner side-effects
and still lose your hair think about
that think about that Laura Don's friend
it's no fun losing your hair but you can
get over it you can get a shorter gogo
short hair you just got to own it the
faster you own it the faster everyone
else will own it
I too am Picard Ian and there's not a
whole you know like there's not a lot
you can do the drugs aren't guaranteed
to work they're expensive
apparently there's penis side effects
three bad things go with it be calm be
comfortable and that's a hard thing to
do and you're not gonna get there right
away it took me a long time to be
comfortable with my balding miss good
luck Lord Al's Brenda
or with you the bald community is with
you is it scary to shave your head no
actually it's a lot easier to shave my
head than my face there's a lot less
contours you know you get John chin
Adam's apple down here and under the
nose that's right I'm just basically
what I'm saying is be chill you're
beautiful everyone's beautiful that's
not true in their own way people
everyone has the ability to be beautiful
in their own way
some people are dickheads but no it's
very actually really easy to shave your
head like that shaving my head is a
little way faster than shaving my face
need that infirmary son yes let me just
magic it in there you could probably
have a mod to do I don't need to
excavate first Richard just download a
mod that gives you an affirmance um
we're at the start of the exam and then
you'd have it all away what's the
problem
come on idiot
and you know this is true not everyone
does have the right head shape for bald
but you can still get a decent haircut
that works with your balding hair you
just don't don't try to hide it there
are there are guys out there and you
ever want to see them they try to do the
comb-over to try to stop them looking so
bald and everyone knows immediately that
it's a comb-over
own it be powerful in your ball business
ball business
resistance contact made the local
resistance operatives we just make
content had come over strats right one
of the chosen has been terrorizing the
area for some time now here's the Intel
they've collected let's see here
analysis have you guys heard Star Trek
discovery impressions they scream the
first two EPs and the buzz is
surprisingly positive okay rather than
obligatory and cynical show feels
necessary and fresh i necessary how does
that work see that that's all that's a
lot of my questions how is anything
necessary like any TV show wise but if
it's fresh that's great I haven't heard
anything I have not been but I've also
not been paying attention so
it's okay man in America we understand
you were just helping
it's yeah is necessary for the network
to have a show to sell their CBS online
BS CBS we don't have any capacity to
spare which means we can't expand our
facilities further
CBS all access is that was cleaned up
yes we are currently using these the
elgato cam link and actually we were
using it in the old set up too and I
really liked that shot because there's
really great depth of field so I'm using
my Panasonic gh2 right now with a decent
lens that's why I think we get a really
nice sharp image of us contrasted with
the green screen behind us it doesn't
work exactly as advertised but I think
that more has to do with OBS not
necessarily the cam link every time we
close down and reopen OBS we need to re
add the cam link cam and we put all the
filters on it which is a huge pain in
the ass for some reason OBS doesn't
recognize it as the same camera but it
works great we got a little camera round
a tiny little tripod and it's a very
nice camera and I think I think we look
good and because of the shallow depth of
field that really separates us from the
green-screen which is why I think we get
such a good key and it's a there's a
piece of wood behind us there's a flat
green piece of wood behind us so turn
the camera the other way doesn't really
work this just dick dick dick dick this
did the mashup nice clearings great
great so but part of part of my homework
tomorrow is to see what other streaming
software rich and I can use because OBS
has been giving us more and more
problems lately
so just fucking great I think some
people use xsplit but it's a paid
product it wha
if I remember correctly xsplit is the
one it's not just a paid product there
is a monthly subscription and then it's
a question of is it worth the monthly
subscription like if it works all the
time then great like if there's customer
support for xsplit and we could just
call them up and be like hey we're
having some issues help them
motherfucker out then maybe
how do you miss that that's an excellent
question
nope I've heard X foot isn't perfect
either it has its own problems but that
was a while ago I want to look into it
and you know what it at the end of the
day the best option still might be OBS
but we'll see right at I'm okay while
I'm okay with the in real life
Lego sorting stream I that shit's just
disgusting I will never I can't imagine
I would ever do an eating stream
I can't imagine you guys would want to
watch that just an eating stream nope
how are you doing ODOT diet-wise that
wasn't doing good
tomorrow's the big tomorrow's the big
question day diet-wise
chat if you remember oh no no what you
do purely hit the wrong button oh come
on
I always give him an attack so if you
remember from Sunday I was talking about
changing up my diet a little bit because
I kept stagnating at 198 started started
out at 207 but I kept stagnating at 198
I couldn't get below that for some
reason and you know a cheat day I'd go
up and then I'd worked my way down and
I'd stagnate so it's just this morning I
weighed myself every day
just this morning I hit one 98.2 so
that's that was my weight this morning
and so tomorrow is gonna be the big day
to see if adding more beans fixed my
weight loss
stagnation my thought was that I wasn't
getting enough calories to keep my body
burning properly so I've added some
lentils for the fucking soldier that's
right there 30% only a 30% chance no its
visa he's not activated yet it's
probably the real reason why none of
them went oh sure sure so so I added
lentils to my breakfast move my black
beans to lunch and so now I have two
meals a day with beans and then dinner I
just you know do some some fish and a
light salad to cover bang that's awesome
one went by him I guess oh no a couple
yeah that's good no more eggs yeah no
breakfast now is eggs spinach and
lentils how do you miss that
84 p.m. 84 percent yeah the rookies oh
yeah rookies these are trash so
breakfast is is eggs spinach and lentils
lunch is boneless skinless chicken
broccoli and black beans and dinner is
some sort of patience and a light salad
and then coffee and a little bit of
grapefruit juice every day that's all
that goes in me six days a week so I'm
hoping I'm feeling good I'm feeling good
about adding lentils I feel a little
more full throughout the day I'm not I'm
not like itching for snacks so glad you
like it
take a brush I like the new camera setup
as well
okay yes come on rookie sucks so bad
right
that's great Posie that's great calorie
cutting is incredibly important it
sounds disgusting yeah I see a lot of
people talking about the diet like the
the glorious part of the diet is my
cheat days is is I get Saturday is like
Christmas for me
maybe maybe an extra term between swarms
would help right
like tremendously they're trying to keep
the pressure on their wrists
keep that pressure there's pressure and
I don't want to be doing this you don't
want to be doing one this fighting these
lost right this is not fun well there
you go okay I've talked about what I
like about XCOM versus Final Fantasy
take turns lacking at each other yeah
XCOM I want to be positioning I'm gonna
be flanking like I could use a grenade
to blow up the cover I could use this
power to dessert at the enemy the loss
just shoot out of him hit or miss shoot
out I'm here it's taking turns slacking
each other the lost suck yeah there you
go this is not tactically deep no no it
just mowing down zombie right
[Music]
you know what that's that's a really
good point rich hmm yeah like a zombie
game is all about the murder that mayhem
the blood the gore and I think they've
recreated that very well but whether it
whether that meshes with the slow
tactical proper positioning of X count
right yeah you deserve that
so yeah Chennai Saturday cheat day it's
not just like eating more calories or
having beer and pizza it's whatever I
want I spent all day eating cakes and
pizza and carbs and beer and all the
stuff that I can't quite get over there
so bitch I make every Saturday special
and cephalo pathetic rich says once
again I'm happy I waited to buy this and
watched you play instead now I know it
isn't for me there's good things in here
mm-hmm like all right as characters I
hate the chosen I despise them as
characters their dialogue yes and
they're slacking my XCOM up yeah like a
little bit of b-movie flavor is fine but
the chosen they kick it up to 11 it went
from about three and a half the shlok
level wasn't three and a half to 11
right right there's wishes we should be
the ones who are chosen to take your
head in come on down yeah I could see
that
are you sure your cheat days and messing
up your diet no jack has lost a ton of
weight I'm willing to take his word for
the cheat day this is the diet that I
was on at this point now my god it's all
the way fucking over there lost dad take
the big deep lunge look at look at this
fucking slog yep this is the diet I went
on about six years ago and ended up
losing 60 pounds on it sounds weird it
is weird but it's what works for me and
I know I could just cut calories and
slowly lose weight this way I this gives
me the results I'm looking for it fits
in with my schedule so it's what works
for me and I also know from doing this
diet and having it work for me before
that it's all about figure it's all
about figuring out what portions you're
gonna have every day where did that come
from but no like I said today I have
already undone all the bad stuff I did
on Saturday so you take three days to
undo everything and then you get three
more days to lose more and then you go
up and then you go down and you know you
go up and down but you get one day to
binge and that kind of makes the rest of
the days okay so
we tried upping your activity yeah no I
mean I I go on walks I'm not a super
active person I go on walks I go on bike
rides everywhere so often but I also
work a lot and that means sitting a lot
so that's why I've really strict diet is
helpful to me
I'm so sorry I'm so sorry
he's just done he's just done
[Music]
it's have I don't want to go somewhere
they run to where I don't want them to
go
[Laughter]
hurry rich I think if you play under
1300 hours its returnable
[Laughter]
TACA brush that would work great in this
situation no but there are no mario
rabbit like melee moves that you could
do in this game because despite the
obvious comparisons mario vs rabbits
really wasn't an ex comm clone and I
think you made a you'll see when you
watch the episode yeah I think you made
a compelling case okay because because
Mario Rabbids has an emphasis on your
movement abilities more than positioning
and shooting your guns oh god I hate the
lost so stupid I know what taco brush I
really liked how you could run through
dudes and take damage - or I mean like
Mario's jumping on enemies that that was
great that was great my favorite though
was Luigi jumping like I'd you know
position two people up and then have
Luigi jump off both of them to get a
really good tactical point and then
snipe the people I love them just
running don't use grenades and those
mystery missions suck a lot less you do
know I use grenades to attract them that
lost to the enemy who's actually a lot
more dangerous than the last time
because I wanted them distracted I could
handle the lost it's a slog which is
you're the you know the frustrating part
yeah you just don't want them to be you
notice I did not use grenades on this
mission I know what I'm doing
I don't know rich I don't think you have
enough hours in I don't think you have
quite enough hours in Taxco
yes but there's only a 30% chance the
loss will go after them
yeah but 10 loss spawn when you throw a
grenade I just need a few to keep the
people with the guns distracted so
they're not shooting at me right and
like weird said he he can handle the
lost he's not worried about the lost
Matt madnes group never the decent group
having you know two rookies alone
that's something well that's something a
little bit more of a pain in the ass but
I put that sniper right yeah that worked
great like what killed my soldiers
nearly killed my soldiers that that
supply run mission was the poison from
the snake man and not the lost who I was
slaughtering right Jonathan Briggs
Jonathan let's see how hey guys did you
ever play the crimson skies games from
years ago set in an alternate reality
where the u.s. collapsed and everyone
gets around using aircrafts cool series
of action flying games your flight
crimson skies not really it is
unfamiliar to me and it does I may have
played it very briefly once so you know
what that's her where's doomed person
fatigue looks like I can use dude
personality but I don't know if I want
second position
his wealthy god she's willing to she'd
be perfect for this mission this is a
stealth mission this is what I actually
I'm fond of these I haven't seen many of
these okay during the story mission and
this this can happen to soldiers outside
of a story mission but Worf got captured
oh I did a covert option mission to
locate Worf
but since of guys way that's when they
came back from they got ambushed on the
way back that's why I just had that bad
to man with the loss yeah I just sent
two rookies in a covert mission okay and
now we know where they're keeping Worf
no lose we're going to sneak in and get
worth back okay or die trying
nice okay
so is XCOM or the chosen x' difficulty
the intended game or is it just too
frustrating well I couldn't could not
get done the veteran but things I'm the
things that I think are killing its
mayor that the strategic layer not that
the fatigue and not being able to get
soldiers leveled up if that were a
problem I'd be able to handle the other
stuff the tactical battle type stuff no
but I'm going into the tactical battle
with bad soldiers cuz I'm constantly
having to you know I I get it it is
deeper where you can't bring the same
guys every mission can't bring the same
guys have permission you don't have them
leveling up together and getting really
powerful and you got a good strong team
yeah I don't have that strong team I can
rely on sure
so and that's kinda like that is killing
me so they thought that people were kind
of cheesing the system just like getting
too high level too quick look maybe you
slow down a little bit just just a
little bit the progression I don't I
don't know I don't know yeah but I don't
know isn't the fatigue coming from
facing down all the lost all the time
this video you have it does fatigue come
with movement or missions we've had a
lot of them in a row here I even I
haven't had all that many lost missions
playing it at home okay
did rich ever try the long war mod it
sounds like the long war mod sounds like
the things that are frustrating me about
Worf Chozen only more hardcores I'm not
interested well lose is based on how
many what do you want me to do rush
through and get caught out of cover
because I'm dashing what do you want me
to do about that a lot of people then
rush and get slaughtered is better no I
didn't play it rich played how you play
a man play it how you play it more more
better says long war is a lot of fixing
what isn't broken yeah it sounds that
way I've never actually tried in ten ten
minute time out ten ten minute timeout I
did it I just gave him a ten minute
timeout I just gave him a ten minute
timeout I I did it because one rich is
currently building an infirmary
you know that he's building an infirmary
and yeah you're very sorry rich Evans
Vietnamese son but you just lost your
ability to talk to us for ten months
you know if richer would have asked me I
would have said yeah you know let's do
maybe give a warning but he get he threw
her down the hammer I got a listen sorry
but no mood ha ha ha and yeah I mean you
really should have known better
just this guy you know says I've really
been enjoying divinity original sin -
really well done deep tactical combat
once you figure it out
don't play it though it's mine ok ok
divinity of rigid I don't I don't even
know that game do you have you ever
heard of that oh all right I gotta say
fucking Worf he's gonna tell me about
the honor and the glory of dying free
from the shackles of tyranny or
something I don't know say yeah see like
if you if you mentioned Rich's infirmary
again 10 minute I never time out if you
talk bad about the overlay 20 minute to
put that out there that's that's right
that's that's beefcakes rule that's not
my role
beefcake is law I am the law but you're
on the wrong side of the screen
yeah yeah for the first time we're on
the right side of the screen are you
saying you support Trump even not even
in a joking fashion we're on we're
physically on the right side of the
screen see see rich the right side oh I
see it jag I said finally see so instead
of instead of being on the wrong side
rich cuz like right has two meanings it
can mean life you know right right and
wrong or right right right yes
yep sorry rich you've been timed out for
talking politics so 10 minutes 10
minutes streams over I guess but it's
there it's you know it's camera left
with screen right scream oh shit ray Oh
Feridun 2 7 7 2 says Jack no apology
needed your thoughts on Batman were
great and much appreciated if you two
can design an XCOM team of neat
characters I will draw them next
straight yes so what we need its mood
and girl the doom Slayer and and our
badass sniper are on a team you draw
that for us and then you know see devil
dinosaurs in the background image merely
pointed left for us
wait why well I don't have a functioning
brain right now what the fuck's going on
great
that's right moon girl is named after
epitaxy free the free acts there I want
to use you for Carrie you do the
carrying
what oh he doesn't even walk on his own
you have to carry his ass out Worf
where's your honor
what's a moon group moon girl is a is a
character in Marvel Comics that I've
been reading and enjoying later no not
you you're not doing the hacking you're
you're mr. you're mrs. shotgun yeah you
you're the fucking hacker eleven percent
chance no she's she's basically a moon
girl is basically like a poor Tony Stark
she's she's very smart she invents
things she has little gadgets and most
importantly she has a friend that is a
giant red dinosaur
so it's moon girl and devil dinosaur is
her book where did you go it's doing
something funky they're way up here some
get a glitch wait
this should be the hacking door screen
yeah what's going on nothing nothing is
currently going on it said access great
I know what it said oh well that's a
terrible is there a different way you
can press that button not right next to
it
way to turn though guess won't let me do
it when I'm right up against the door
nope apparently also can't do it if
you're far away from the door do you
have to get the doom Slayer out of there
is the doom slate or too close I had a
time limit I would be very annoyed right
now
yes move the dooms theorem just in case
because this time there was a little
animation
here we go all right 64% chance to not
set off alarm savvy Oh past it and then
some nice great it might have just been
at when the camera zoomed in it was
because doom Slayer is a mod it was like
clipping on a weird doom Slayer thing
maybe no that's what I'm gonna guess
doom Slayer be hack blocking yep
the door
[Music]
check out morph I quiet
the VIP does look - he's unconscious
shut up
I like that all right let's see what we
got here
and Oh crumb says hey guys looking for
another game for voice acting heavy
stream I know you aren't but if you
change your mind look into West oven low
then it's an adventure about the Old
West with demon clowns know that that
sounds great
demon clowns I'm in so into demon clowns
hi you guys are too fucking late oh wow
that's how close to the extraction point
is once you get the prisoner you can put
it down
West to Logan okay got it thank you you
got it rich you did it everything is
great
a flawless victory you even you even
defeated a glitch that's how good you
did let's see here are anonymous wants
to know if we like money yes yes we do
Jonty scarecrow says pitch idea Jeffrey
Combs stuart gordon themed best of the
worst style show with re-animator from
beyond and castle freak they're all
probably too good but they're also weird
and fun what is this and you wouldn't be
miserable it's a suggestion for best of
the worst
stag style show with with Gordon with
Jeffrey Combs toward Gordon with
re-animator and from beyond my weird is
that that's an interesting idea
that's an interesting at the very least
I need a break sure if I'm not done oh
yeah you know what I'll decorate a song
here and then and then we can be done
okay you use the less janky Mouse I'm
very excited about Westworld season 2
absolutely whoa we got a couple tips too
oh yeah hey hey rich really think about
building that infirmary yeah
I'm more than happy to leave the hard
decisions card says hey I recently
started studying film I just wanted to
let you guys I just wanna let you guys
that I appreciate all you do with rlm
and it helps me a lot
you're welcome you're welcome kid all
right so who's Shh wait wait wait go
back go back and read right back this we
got a name someone to I don't think I've
read any of that prophet which one's the
Prophet the Jedi the Templar the purple
one the Jedi you have a Templar we named
them for one okay
and random jitter in broza EBR iOS a EBR
iOS a you want to a last name to say I'm
gonna find out no this is just a
brochure this is just one name huh in
fact I'm gonna get rid of the last
alright can you not do that here here we
got a last name delete that
alright star
should be on there oh there it is
photos up here oh yeah here it okay
alright all kept lock classified star
there you go there you go alright I like
it I like it
okay see if different heads we got now
it's a snake guys joke yeah kind of oh
the faces don't matter cuz you got the
helmet on can you take the helmet off
oh we're gonna helmet you can take the
helmet like this helmet thank caring
that's not an issue
I thought it was a robot no that's a
it's a it's a Jedi basically I like it
better or I liked it better when it was
a robot I'm gonna try to make it into a
robot anonymous says Ron Howard tweed
say Han Solo Kessel run tease yeah no
shit he's directing the Han Solo movie I
don't know that it's bad if the Kessel
runs in there just it's gonna be all the
obvious things I guess one just can't be
the fairly uneventful thing that
happened they're gonna float I'm gonna
make a floating robot is she gonna
change out both arms yeah yeah we're
gonna change them into robot arms
there are the ones with the blue icon
where the oh yeah though you probably
some of the power to Armour ones that
are those are gonna look robot II oh
that's a good one oh she's got things on
her shoulder and forearm - yeah that
covers it up look at that whatever you'd
say I guess you just leave it on yeah
I'm saying look at that I gotta meet her
face augment - I'm making Zenyatta he's
a character from overwatch like that oh
that's C that's fucking cool got me a
floaty robot I wish I wish I could add
like I wish there was a way I could have
like a glowing right can I add a crotch
I want a glowing crotch what mod has
these sweet cyborg limbs I forget the
name of it the name of it but just go to
the workshop or it's probably also
available on the Nexus just search for
prosthetic yeah it was it was wonderful
in the workshop it was one of only three
prosthetic mods yeah oh that looks cool
like that padded Templar am I like this
I like that padded Templar the Templar
stuff
oh that's so robot I just want flight
dress up all day that's great
what is uh so gear oh we get we can do
something about the neck I'm sure oh
yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna find something
here no oh no you know what I like the
twos TT yeah double tubes this robot is
symmetrical that looks great
yeah we need to find something to do
with the goat to the head get out of
here you're in the body section sure
he's one oh sure sure yeah actually I
think that's really good okay so head go
to the lower face oh wait you can't
change that oh it's interesting maybe
opens the helmet take the helmet off
lower face problem say Frankie where to
go down down down down down TAC mask
gray you're not gonna get something
that's just robotic but that will cover
up the neck yeah yeah that works and
then you can put something on over there
right oh that does too
let's see now if we can get the Templar
helmet back
probably it's frightened you're not
gonna oh oh yeah I see you like it
cancels it out go up some of these down
all right here all right I know I know
it'll work back out of here again got
out of hats go to upper face prompt oh
okay I'm with you I'm with you and then
there should be uh okay I think this is
some of these in the hats - they're just
meant to go with each other oh that's
one I'm gonna hair let's get the hair
out of there
I have Harrison's modded too by the way
that's that's Scully hair so now if we
go to get a hat gonna happen though got
a hat going on see those green icons
those are probably what we're looking
for me keep going keep going
not those green icons well this way this
might work - oh yeah like my eyes I got
some shit you have so many odds
oh here yeah I see yeah yeah those are
all meant to go it go with each other
yeah yeah like what I'm trying to do is
I'm trying to find like a hat like I'm
trying to make it look like a robot face
you know yeah I don't want it to look
like a helmet I don't know if I'll have
an out oh oh no no you know what I can
do yeah I can do thank oh we got a face
Scarface trust me I'm top top I've ever
faced is there an invisible no no no but
okay
ah I got the right texture right
Jesus this is backseat Donnell dress-up
we're making characters together maybe
you've never had a friend and played a
game with the friend before but it's
okay we're having a for having a fun
time
look I thought I thought there was an
invisible option which would have given
Jack a a robot head with the you know
like no top in it yeah that would have
been great oh my god all this hair
ya know Jesus crisp that's I mean it's
great that there's so much hair tracer
hair nice nice overwatch who's playing
overwatch man since the news since the
new changes mercy is a fucking didn't
beat oh that's kind of robot II yes cuz
the texture for it's missing in oh that
one yeah
with the with the face paint that kind
of works this is as you wish
look at that wait wait good a hair color
Oh with you I'm with you
that's kind of robot II oh there you go
that matches
the face looks like it's ugly yes it
does
yeah it's like a robot the face has kind
of hurry this is the codpiece there's
one thing that's probably too silly yeah
if you go back into hair okay there's
some kind I think a cyberpunk it's
probably a ways down
cyberpunk specifically okay cyber
something might be blow-off
shirt punk real Punk shorts cyberpunk
too silly I know I know I am silly right
just wanted to throw it out there Scully
that's where started I think you're down
there we go look at that that is a cool
ass robot I love that you can just make
a legs invisible like I said this would
have this would be perfect if I could
make this glow I think the chat like the
electric yeah just gonna say fuck the
chat huh no I'm gonna spike that because
like via the hair looks too human yeah
the point of this is to make a character
that is not in any way human you know
and like I didn't want any of these
upper helmets because then it just looks
like a human wearing a helmet this is
just your robot assistant here that's
great
that's a cool character so he's gonna
say an overwatch they recently changed a
couple things they updated mercy
our main healing class yeah and gave her
some incredibly badass powers instead of
like before her super move her ultimate
move was the ability to resurrect anyone
from the dead which was great you know
like if someone wiped out your whole
team you could instantly revive all of
them right but a lot of time and as
someone who plays a lot of mercy a lot
of times you kind of hold on to it if
just one or two people died so they
change that to sub move that you can
only respect for one person but it
regenerates every like 2030 seconds yeah
which is great and then they turned her
superpower into turning her into this
flying badass goddess and she does more
damage he can heal better she can flies
it's been great if for any mercy players
the recent overwatch update has been
fucking great great look at this look at
this I love it light sabers weapon color
oh the gun yeah got a match there we go
can you add more pink more pink somebody
in the chat saying can you add more pink
I don't you know what I could I don't
want to I don't want to cuz this is the
robot they don't care about aesthetics
this is this is robot classification
blue and they're they're here for all
the blue stuff
great no no no legs it's floating it's a
it's a it's got a hover body it's guy
has got a hover body and of course it's
very plain it's a robot they make all
their robots the same the second one
exactly then you could make like you
could make a different class of robots
the pink class and you know you could
have like your assault ones pink and you
could have your other ones orange and
then you can have your robot team that's
great
hover skirt are the invisible legs a mod
maybe yeah a lot of the stuff like the
helmet stuff I think it's all Ahmad
where to possibly the hair farm of the
arms are definitely Ahmad yeah I love it
I love it this is great playing dress-up
whoo so yeah they've added uh they
switched up mercy they switched up diva
they added a new payload map and I love
payload map so I was really happy with
that though not everyone knows it so
it's really easy to get caught in choke
points but junker towns a really fun
payload map if you're if you're if you
fell out of overwatch get back in it's
good fun all right well they go yeah
yeah there you go save and exit except
that gear needs more pizzazz nope I'm
tilt just got here for the new layout
yeah it's pretty awesome right
pretty sweet new layout it makes most
sense that it does it makes a perfect
amount of sense all right
boom all right
this is the point in the stream in which
we thank all the people who have
subscribed to us during this very stream
much like dark pygmy Shawn for twenty
four fucking months in a row says I
missed the old layout that day Butte
that debuted with the
I missed the old layout that de PUE with
no controversy at all
and was universally loved by all in chat
it's true I remember that about the old
layout is everybody loved it everybody
loved it right away
whimsy kind of RF sick sick of fur says
I started playing XCOM last week and I
loved it thanks rich Evans tellin OGG
you're welcome by the way guar funcle'
for twelve months in a row angry belly
says looked up to catch you hack fronts
tonight keep up the good work which way
should I go now which way should I go
now which way should I go now which way
should I go now maybe you should check
your focus which way should I go now
Zoe Zoe no is Jack advice to people
trying to go to do freelance with me on
a short film YouTube wedding Mini doc
but I can't find good help or clients
live two hours from LA
that's probably why yeah so you're
you're in a crowded market you're if you
live that close to LA the honestly the
is the worst advice ever but it's the
only advice I have no no the worst
advice ever is you just need to make
stuff like no one will want to hire you
for anything if you don't have anything
out there and so if you're trying to do
freelance videos you need to make videos
first is it not also possible though
that in LA there are an overabundance of
people who make videos there is but
there's also an overabundance of just
people in general okay okay there's a
shit ton of people in LA and you will
always like if you are good enough you
can find people or you know if you can
prove that you're good enough you can
find people to hire you what that might
mean is taking some shitty weddings that
you don't necessarily want to do for
maybe not as much money as you think you
should make you have to work you have to
build up your resume you need to make
stuff if you can't find anyone to be in
your short films then you have to be in
them yeah but also find people find you
know get some community meetups find
some actors go to the if you have any
play houses find some actors who are
willing to act on your stuff go to
stand-up comedy nights and find
comedians if you're making funny shit I
hope that's not the worst advice ever
how do I make stuff is you just make it
okay you know what I have a straight
thought I had a straight thought earlier
today okay it's just gonna be a complete
fucking diversion okay we're doing fine
does does the the English language need
the equivalent of the metric system to
make sense like like what the fuck do we
need to see for Jack I was thinking
about I was thinking about Illinois
today and you say an Illinois of course
there's a fucking s on the end of the
name
Illinois's why yeah we gotta fuck that
ball you know you know the fucked up
thing if you could have more than one
Illinois if you could have two states
called Illinois yeah the plural of it
would be called Illini with no s the
plural of Illinois would have no ass
Jack and that's wrong when Illinois does
have an S the letter C is completely
redundant it K does the same thing k RS
the only thing is you so you'd what
you'd have to do is scrap the letter C
and replace it with the letter CH well
you let the letter C well that's two
letters right fishin see Jack see just
now makes the ch ch sound in in in
languages like Spanish I want to say in
their alphabet they have like two
letters together in the in their
alphabet is this richest Stanton I don't
do stand-up I have thoughts that's it
okay no I think that's fair the letter C
is pointless and because I have dealt
with two children learning how to read
let me tell you how often kids who learn
how to read screw that up
wait to see the sea oh thanks eat okay
well now it's it now it's saying this is
sound right and they're just like what
look why and I just say I know you just
have to figure that out I'm sorry like
it's tough the letter Q is also
pointless yes Q you because you always
follows Q yo psycho right psy CH o Paseo
right to cite you fucked up language we
need wood east and we need rigid and
four standards Jack yes but yes huh X
why it's never used without an e can we
just spell it eks or you know what just
get rid of the e and X makes the X son
without the e here's here's gonna be
we're gonna get rid of Q too while we're
at it Jack I'm fine why does Q always
have to have a you after it why why qua
qua that's cute let's just why don't you
go
cool they done I I think you're gonna
have a hard time enforcing this
legislation I think you're gonna get a
lot of penny bastards out of the
Woodworks you know like when they people
try to have tried over the years to
phase out the penny because it costs us
more than a penny to make a penny yeah
and everyone else but it's the pace
tradition no and and so I think you're
gonna have a hard time for enforcing
this but I'm on this as your as your
vice president I'm on your ticket you
know yeah yeah I'm with you
Wisconsin is full of crazy people it's
true the penny bastards
now everyone every once in a while but
it costs more than one penny to
manufacture a penny and that's the
dumbest thing in the world and so we
should get rid of the penny we can round
things up to a nickel I'm fine with this
yeah yeah it works it works and and so I
say one foul swoop get rid of the
pennies and reorganize the English
language okay okay I like it I like it
all
let's see here we are on new patch
Romine new but remind all right
speaking of fucked up English language
that could be a real word we don't know
excuse me
[Music]
where's it at okay swagalicious pipes
says when when pub G my dudes vibes I'm
alive and well from the Mexico City
earthquake I can still play pub G with
you fam pipes though you have carried me
through many a pub G game which I
appreciate
pub G hurts my heart to play because I
always feel bad after I play it so
actually on my home computer I have
deleted it because I can't he'll be back
no and everyone everyone fucking lets me
know every time I oh there there's a new
gun you know there's a new gun oh you
know they added a whole new town to the
map it's a whole new town hey you know
that tommy gun that only used to come in
the big red the shiny boxes it's
randomly placed in the map now you can
just get a tommy gun I'm gonna try not
to play cuz it hurts my heart but I'll
probably be back because I don't know
because I'm addicted and I'm a horrible
person right
sheek shiek adi 3-1 for mister horribles
for 27 fucking months in a row cuz a
corn dog still a sandwich if it's not on
a stick the corn dog is not a sandwich
alright we agree and can move on down
right dr. crackin wagon Shibboleth for
12 months in a rose what's the movie
that you guys have a bunch of copies up
on the shelf under all the copies of
nuki there's a bunch of different random
shit yeah it's a bunch of different
random shit
oh you think about the babe shelf
there's a bunch of that one was under
the new key at one point that way we
have somebody sent us a bunch of empty
one oh wait nothing weren't empty they
thought they were full we just used the
tapes as part of the best of the worst
wall there's their empty boxes of babe
but there's big like clamshell the big
clamp showcases there's just a whole
stack of babe cases because you know
that's something those are over there
now that's something that happens jump
tea scarecrow
um no we were Hunchback jack for 28
fucking months in a row says watching
jack tweaking and customizing his squad
for so long is strangely compelling yet
another reason I watch this channel
thanks for the great stream guys you're
welcome it's that's part of XCOM that's
that's all I can say is I don't know
like in other games like in in in like
an action role-playing game where you
can customize your character how long do
you spend because I'll spend some time
just getting them to look just right
that's not how bad the default looks
sure sure
the defaults ugly maybe I'll spend some
time but and XCOM noses they give us all
these tools just to poke and prod and
get you give with it maybe I'll like
give it like a star or just like an
extra belt just so I felt like I
customized it like oh I think I could do
anything with the nose and the face
cards as eyes are green now I guess
that's mine and his name is Gary
Gary's mine now blue vaad for twelve
months in a row and blue Vaughn says
whoa a whole year Clem Fandango says Wow
two months again that true Clem might be
a glitch in the system just this guy you
know for thirty three fucking months in
a row and just as guiding us is where we
are all getting so old it's true every
day hey it's Ben G nice pizza train 11
for 31 fucking months in a row pizza
train 11 says Jack what are you
currently watching on TV Netflix if you
aren't currently watching anything what
are you looking for doing the fall
season
mad tv strats you know what I just
finished rich who felt pretty good about
it
I can talk about it a little bit you
probably haven't seen it yet American
Gods okay the Starz original based off
of the Neo Geo
yeah not a bad show okay
it's not great but it has incredibly
striking visuals like do you know what
the premise of the book and show is I've
heard it once I forgot so it's not just
what if God is real it's what if every
single God ever was real okay
and it's kind of great if I made one up
right now would it be real there's some
rules is the Flying Spaghetti Monster
real there's some rules that apply what
are the rules the rule is enough people
need to believe in that God okay okay
for that God to be real okay and there
might be some sacrifices do they die off
the believers fall off all right all
right
and the show isn't the strap then just
to go on TV and say yo um Zeus
that's not believing seeing is not
believing or it sure it is that's not
how that's not how it works I thought I
thought you were baptized you should
know this shit even without seeing it's
just called idiocy
it's called fade so many Jesuses yeah
that was a great episode because not
only is Jesus real but every Jesus from
every different religion is real Wow and
so there was there's one episode with
like 30 Jesus's great but anyway it's a
really it's rig like fascinating premise
and the visuals are delightful and
engaging here's the problem rich yeah
any it commits a cardinal sin of writing
okay which is any show with a mystery
the main character should not solve that
mystery after the audience already has
that's because then the main character
is just an idiot that doesn't make them
seem dumb yes and the audience does the
audience have access to information
that the main character doesn't those
the question no okay after a certain
point no the main carry item it's just
whether the main character chooses to
believe in this crazy world that we're
all in okay and it gets a little grating
because the main character is a bit of
an idiot but in any case so it's a
really good show and I very much
recommend it very much recommend
American Gods so yeah I've been watching
that and actually now out of shows to
watch so I gotta wait for some what's
coming up I don't know I don't know
either stranger things transiting season
two it's late October Halloween right
yeah Crispin Glover is in it and he's
being great presumably ash vs. Evil Dead
Season three though I've heard nothing
about it which is strange that's strange
I'm not super looking forward to that so
in any case that's what I've been
watching lately and I've been enjoying
it watch the new Bojack horseman I don't
know if Jack would like bow Jack I want
to say I watched one episode and felt
okay about it didn't know how I figured
you would feel about Bojack horseman I I
hear many good things about it and I do
love Will Arnett so maybe I'll give it
another chance but it's not afraid to
occasionally be excessively bleak yeah
yeah that's good
yeah that could be good I like that that
The Watcher shouldn't know as much or
else the story all become very poor and
and that like that's the only problem
like the show keeps you American gobs
keeps you interested because the visuals
are so striking and the premise is great
and every episode Izzy is just like
what's filled with wondering I get the
world but what's the thrust of this show
in American Gods the thrusts of the show
is the gods are gathering in Wisconsin
okay and we are along with our everyman
whose name is shadow moon okay who meets
a mysterious traveler Mew spoilers in
the first episode he meets a mysterious
man and due to some life circumstance
accompanies the mysterious man on an
adventure to Wisconsin okay so okay so
the thirst you know it's it's a good
it's a good watch if you are like it
some of the some of the gods stuff just
great we're at trigger II for 12 months
in a row and trigger II says I've waited
12 months for this and now I have
nothing clever to say keep up the great
concert thank you hey Mon cam Brown Adam
Sandler says 9 months we've carried this
baby to full term congratulations
the the end here oh nice
silly putt d bleach meet says hey you
hack Franz thanks to the entertainment
here's free money hey glad to have every
money thank you very much I'm looking
that way I'm looking that way I know I
know this way that's gonna take a long
time to get used and here's the weird
thing like we can see the camera it's
not the cameras hidden we're just so
used to talking to that so how do you
really look at the camera though you
just look the general direction make a
point general direction is out there
it's gonna be tough we're gonna break a
neck you did try Rick and Morty and
didn't like it right I'm just talking
about shows you might want to watch it's
not like I didn't lie I thought it was
fine yeah
like I watched the whole first season
and I said oh okay yeah I get is fun
it's you know it's it's humorous it's
sci-fi I didn't like Rick that much you
know I don't think you're supposed to
write their Gizem he's a jerk right
right and so I didn't land ball and I
hated his burp thing I really hate I
just hated listening to him okay and it
just didn't grab me enough to watch
anymore after the first season so
season two and three are different from
season one a friggin Morty I don't know
about that that I don't know that
they're especially all that different
I'm not I'm this is me not dissing Rick
and Morty it just wasn't my thing all
right okay Thank You Becky got played
for reminding everyone like oh you know
what someone shared with me a picture of
what Farscape lady looks like now she's
smoking up she'd be a great samus yeah
and they even found a picture of her
with like like wavy blond hair and it's
like maybe maybe first Cape just feels
older to me than it really is
well shit they say that she's the same
age as Keith Karl Urban Keith Urban okay
name is I'm think maybe I'm just
thinking I think of that shows being a
90s thing for some reason it feels older
than it really is maybe to me a Farscape
maybe I didn't watch it when I was
coming out I didn't discover Farscape
until I know five years ago or so sure
sure but yeah she looked she looks like
she still looks badass got that and got
that you know almost like a like she's a
weird sexy I'm trying to think of a good
analogy where she's like she's sexy but
also has an edge to her Claudia Claudia
Black is yeah that was her name but uh
someone were sharing pictures and I was
like she would make a fuckin badass
samus okay I'm glad to be proven wrong
so I'm I'm I'm a hundred percent in our
sama in our Metroid movie that we're
writing right now currently and pitching
to studios
Claudia Black is in the is in the
front-running so
where are we Linda Hamilton alwa T -
yeah Claudia black looks better I'm not
no hammer cap no Brown Adam Sandler did
in here is the bleach meet she's great
but a tad old no we're talking about t2
though Arab Linda Hamilton Linda
Hamilton not a modern-day all right okay
we are on tragedy and tragedy sense
Oh tragedy tragedy troj it II says here
is my free money
yippee for no more overlay I think what
you think what you mean is overlay thank
you very much still an overlay you know
just you know with update we're we're
hip with the times troj it II isn't same
as supposed to be like seven feet tall
huh how short we're hobbits supposed to
be in Lord of the Ring trilogy oh man if
only there was a way we can manipulate
actors and images to make P certain
people seem taller I've never heard of
platform shoes there's no way we could
have an actress say stand on a box and
position a camera in a certain angle to
make that happen
do you know that movies are fake and
likely we could change it like that and
get it together alright Oh for those who
don't know Tiberius Kirk is saying an
apple box an Apple box is a term for
when you have a shot that doesn't show
your actors feet and you want to make
someone seem taller and they literally
stand on a box also known as back to the
future today I'm sure they had to use a
whole bunch of tricks cuz it's not just
they wanted to seem
in height its they were nowhere near the
same height
Michael J Fox and Christopher Lloyd to
see any behind the scenes in a Tom
Cruise movie a man is a short man and
their crew they're called Apple boxes
because I think at one point they were
just Apple boxes it's a real thing like
don't they frame a lot of shots were
dock darkest brown is like like 10 feet
behind Marty just so that it's like
those that perspective like like that's
how they shot Hobbit stuff to write is
like Gandalf was way in the front and
and Frodo was really far away on a
slanty thing to make him look that's why
that's why Doc Brown is hunched into so
many shots yeah I could see it
yeah I could see it all right we're
midnight Andy for twenty three fucking
months in a row Taffer double-a Ezekiel
jeans says witness witness can actually
see you nothing's been well we witnessed
your words is that something dr. Harry
Lime for 13 months in a row says while
prereq isn't streaming I highly
recommend a dose of mushrooms weed and
Happy Mondays right oh no back back the
oh my god oh no Beck Beck ah okay artic
hiss Rex for 12 months in a row who says
I can't believe it's already been a year
of subs for me keep streaming you fucks
okay snuke seven twelve months says one
full year all right get your hand out of
my Amazon Prime ass wallet no it's open
to us now good night why are you bending
over good good good game good night good
game sexes panhandler since you guys are
great glad to be along for the ride
Thank You Tex panhandler Lord on who
says feels like years this time is lupus
4:23 fucking letter over says hey
gentlemen sort of check I legit love the
new overlay it's great completely
serious good job thank you thank you we
were rich it rich and I were talking
about the New Orleans it's it's
beautiful it's beautiful overlay uncle
kulluk of uncle kulikov uncle kulikov
it's fine it's my uncle cool Aikau worth
every minute since I first saw the order
1866 review your mom thank you thank you
this time it's lupus for twenty three
fucking months in a row so as I read
that water and I have to move on too cuz
you skipped uncle no you skipped that
one so I went back to get that one now
you're on this one get it together
clay no one DRAM beau who says thanks
for all the laughs over the years you
miserable bastards bradle 23m see Lucas
439 mother fucking months in a row and
MC Lucas says I'm watching this
previously recorded stream as a recorded
stream so I don't want to ask anything
for fear that you've already probably
talked about it but hey just wanted to
say I love you guys and every months
been worth it keep it up thank you
Thank You Lucas we appreciate that the
original Jairo
Ali was uh for 19 months in a row who
says I feel like I'm in a good position
to suggest this I think it would be best
to change fucking to 24 months makes
more sense that way and as always
thanks for the shirt like look much we
have to fuck unfuck somebody then and
it's like it's like a pregnant woman you
can't unfuck somebody you can't do it
but you can stop fucking someone and
then and then resume it once they're of
age I mean you know we got to 20 months
and to me that was a nice round number
and I figured we would just go every 10
months but the years do make sense yeah
we could we could you know like we could
just say you know like new rule we can
we can stop fucking if it's bothersome
to remember what do you think and see
Ally Raza says that being being
subscribed for 19 months in a row so
next month would be ally Roz's fine oh I
know
and they're saying you know what I'm
willing I'm willing to wait that's
that's very noble of Ali Raza
yeah but Ali Raza doesn't speak for
everybody between 20 and 23 months in a
row that's true that's true
I I feel like at this point we have set
a precedent that we need to continue the
fucking okay that's kind of how I feel
about you know maybe we'll change your
minds but for now for now it works
use your remain for 35 fucking months in
a row just 35 months one more to go
before I actually have to think of
something sassy and or clever to say you
got it you have this I believe in you
slug nuts nope just a single slug nut
for 12 months in a row who says it's
already been a year
Thank You hack frogs for all the hours
of fun conversations to listen to and
the great work you do shine on it's
because the other nut got slugged a
little too hard
you gotta remove that just a little too
hard pop it out pop it out Lucas friend
ha
is what that looks like from here with
my bad eyes that's that's my old man
eyes
Zach Peterson nerd Starks Nick Ned
Stark's neck
there you go Ned Stark's neck that is a
reference to Game of Thrones is it no it
is
Oh Ned Stark it's a character dw6 to
today that he built like a like a wooden
suit of armor why it's got some pulleys
on it and then start but he's a fantasy
setting so it wouldn't be like a machine
anything like just so kind of medieval
equivalent to the Ironman suit I guess
it's just a regular old suit of armor
though what the fuck you talking about
Oh like Tony Stark