Episode 863
John Hotcock (Part 2)
September 29, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-UYZ8XLtrOc
___________________________________________

so
I should not have tried that personal
mission yet I needed a very a lot more a
lot more SH dude yes dad I am looking
forward to Super Mario Otteson you know
I find myself not really caring it's not
I mean you know it's not out yet I
haven't made they have no reason to be
hyped or not behind you know what I am
looking forward to you know it comes out
tomorrow
it's a golf story yes that that's that
weirdo old-school RPG but instead of
combat you play golf okay it looks like
it's gonna be adorable fun okay and so
I'm is that none the swinish his eye
he's coming out and switch tomorrow we
would have played that tonight but
how is your diet going it's it's nowhere
near as strict as Jax but yeah I'm in
just general I'm trying to eat better
and you know what that works I'm going
the crazy route basically I've told
Karen your your the diets are oh he's
really young you've put her and you put
her in charge
yeah you've given her complete I know I
know what a work for me she says no all
right you know I'll grab somebody yeah
I'll have a with her Oh what if I what
do I just have to small size it wasn't
fries fries nowhere
I think it's funny well I think it's
funny that you put Karen in charges
because we knew you would listen to her
yeah but not necessarily yourself right
right yeah I am wise enough to know
myself Jack that's good yeah that's good
rich
harden says hey fellas rich I know you
were riffing a lot during best of the
worst but some of the things you come up
with are pretty ingenious if you could
write in any medium what would it be
comic comic strip or sitcom that's cuz I
can I I can find a good joke
when I'm goofing around with friends
doesn't mean I would be a good writer I
don't I don't think I would be an
especially good writer yeah it's just a
different skill set I think I think you
could learn possibly I don't have any
such skills right now I don't think
other than just general ideas for things
maybe but not not actually sitting down
to write them out properly I don't think
I could that's not me yeah here's what
and I've said this before and I will
repeat this I think writing is a learned
skill
and you know like it takes a long time
just to learn how to write mm-hm
speaking as someone who has written
stuff I would want you in the room I'd
want you eating the writers okay I I
cannot accept that because yeah you're
very good you're very good with with
riffing and coming up with concepts
both missus hey guys have either of you
played Star Wars Knights of the Old
Republic if not what you consider it for
prereq I'm very curious to your opinions
on it for the sequels I'm just not
interested and I play it a bit of it and
didn't much care for it I I don't like
their types of games Bioware's yes I'm
not a big fan of Bioware's games mm just
not big fan Jedi we're a Star Wars
universe but I did play a little bit
it's fine
Tom GaN says rich do you think the
latest series of Rick and Morty has
declined in quality to appeal to a more
general audience if if there's been a
decline in quality with Rick and Morty I
do not think they're trying to appeal to
a larger audience I don't think they
give I think they're gonna do what they
want to do yeah if you want to argue
there's been a decline and I don't
necessarily know that that's really true
it would be it would be because either
they're there Berg out possible or they
Styx getting old like like Rick is a
horrible person and we kind of get it at
this point that he's a terrible person
and you're you're running out of extreme
legs that Rick can go do to shock you
and you're running you're running out of
that part of comedy is the element of
surprise
yeah and so now you just know them you
as well you expect Rick to do the most
horrible possible thing he can do it
it's the The Simpsons conundrum yeah
there's you know like there's only so
outlandish they can get before people
stop paying attention yeah sure and and
if also the other reason there might be
a decline if you think the race is
because the season is I believe twice as
many episodes as season two
it's twice as many I think it's I think
it's just seasons twice as long Oh
interest yeah interesting
which does the most horrible thing but
it's always an a surprising clever way
how long can they keep that up that's
what I wonder about Rick and Morty how
long can they keep that up yeah it can't
be easy but what do you think about this
season so far uh I'm a toilet I haven't
like tried rating it relative to the
last season
sure
now that do you think they could save
discovery if they brought in David Lynch
I think they could save discovery if
they brought in Star Trek sick burn
like the mage this rich discovery
discussions past Babylon 5
yeah good show I know the pilot but good
show okay rich I get it work force you
I'll read that to Jack when he gets to
Jack this is show called Babylon 5 great
sci-fi show how us Jack what he thinks
about Babylon 5 for good
Morrow says what's your favorite thing
Courtney Love has done rich okay
if you're being honest about that
question the Courtney Love a question
you kind of just have to say well it was
People vs Larry Flynt right that was the
one she was in then that that by default
yes I know Kurt Cobain is the obvious
joke actually I was going from kill Kurt
Cobain but I like Kurt Cobain
that's comment about the game which is
probably read with jackets here read
exeunt doubles heroes his hatred don't
play Halo gameplay is slow and hasn't
paid well Master Chief was uninteresting
without reading expanded universe
sources of the story is generic I played
all the games yourself all right I
wasn't really planning on playing it
anyway so we're all good we're all good
man
which do you like Jerry Seinfeld I like
this show Seinfeld a lot more than I
ever liked Jerry Seinfeld stand-up Jay
fresh says where is Jay frisk to us as
rich how do you feel about Babylon 5 it
felt like another version of deep space
9 my opinion is that it may have aged a
bit better than Star Trek I can never
get past the pilot from Babylon 5 and I
know I should but I I watched the pilot
like twice in my life and never I'd
never watched further than that Jack
Babylon 5 do you have any thoughts and
opinions on the Babylon 5 okay I didn't
even I didn't even watch a little bit
and then turn it off the 97th Jacqueline
says concussion hammers are a godsend
less than a two second cooldown 8 meter
reach but be careful flying bodies can
knock out windows that's true that's
true I have I have one in my other
playthrough but they're really fun
because you can send a body flying for a
window teleport away and then all the
other bodies get sucked out the window
there that's the thing about this game
is it is full it has the potential to be
full of wonderful little moments
but the presentation isn't quite there
like they have this thing where you can
like you know look around like this if
you get down the shift-key but you never
get a really good sense of like where
you are I should never it's a little
weird sometimes a little jank but
overall I like it overall I really like
okay the Ayatollah of rock and Rolla
says your stream is the vivid highlight
of my week Society questions when
someone says you are too smart for your
own good
that seemed like a sincere compliment or
is it really a backhanded insult it's
not a backhanded insult it's just an
insult what what they're saying when
they say you're too smart for your own
good is they're saying you're very
clever but you don't know how to speak
to other people it's just a regular old
insult oh no and I don't have any strong
opinions on that because I don't think
I've heard anybody say that
I've never heard that outside of like a
movie or something I don't think I've
ever heard that used and in the real
world
nobody's ever said that to you yeah just
smart for your own good I know some
people who that has been said to them
and it's been true so you're already at
23 seconds of capture yeah this is this
is a hard mission and it starts off with
the timer yeah this one started off with
the timer and I what happens when you
get captured you have to play someone
else yeah
all my characters - yeah I'm not gonna
make it well okay so so this is the
pause feature I'm here or I'm here I'm
gonna go
can you just abandon the machine yeah I
guess I can just leave but I wanna see
if I can do it okay so what are the
penalties for a bad information
you just don't yeah okay that's not bad
yeah oh yeah another word there's no bad
you're out nothing there's no incentive
not to abandon a mission at the drop of
a hat is there some of those miles and
roll does that flaw possibly excuse you
13:27 72 do you guys think that the
Zelda series will never be able to go
back to the old formula now that breath
of the wild XP MTW now that best of the
worst exists
would you prefer they stick to the new
open world design and if so what would
you add I had thoughts about this before
I don't know what they were Wow better
dungeons maybe a bit more enemy variety
better dungeons just incremental
improvements basically for one for what
you would do next after a breath of the
wind or breath of the wilder writes all
the best of the worst that's that that
was such that was such a monument how do
you how do you follow up a monument you
don't like you just dlc it just give
another island for him to explore her
you know remember killing the pilot
stops the counter
fucking right I did I did forget that
and I forgot to you know another another
downside it when you play a lot is you
forget what gear you currently have on
you and so I actually had a key cloner
and so I could have gotten to my
destination a lot faster when I stopped
to kill some people so I could get the
key yeah yeah it's one of them I wanted
it too bad alright let's see who do we
got here
you know what just just give me the
iconic sir from the get-go I understand
you wanted to be ultra different for the
sake of just changing things up because
you needed to but our second is Elvis
Zelda yeah yeah you can give me a whole
bunch of new costumes in and just throw
the classic one in there if it's not
hidden behind a paywall or a 100 percent
completion you can do that you know no
I'm happy to change it up like I one of
my favorite things was my second
playthrough of Wind Waker because on
your second playthrough of Wind Waker
you can play in your little cute Island
lobster oh I know that I hate that
outfit oh I loved it you don't always
need the green tunic it's the green
tunic only through amiibos technically
no practically yes the only good looking
version of that outfit is available
through amiibos there is a really
horrible looking version of the green
tunic that you can only get once you
have 100% of the game at which point
having it is a moot point right
you have to clear out every single one
of the challenge dungeons right so why
would you play and then after that well
you're basically done yeah so
the shrines that challenge dungeons
whatever Turnagain game isn't that bad
save the shorts and up I'm not I'm not
at all fond of the in-game tunic
the best-looking one in my opinion is
the Twilight Princess one you get
through the amiibo
I never like awards for 100% what the
fuck am I gonna do with that see I agree
and disagree that's not what the reward
is like another outfit for Linc
that's a lame reward but in Grand Theft
Auto wasn't it like a tank a tank would
spawn by your hideout and it was just
something that was fun to get in and
play around with right and of course it
was also like Grand Theft Auto it was
full of replayability so I think I think
one of the spider-man games if you 100%
didn't let you play as the Green Goblin
so the reward is fun it might give you a
reason to play the game again with the
reward just because it's a fun reward
oh yeah the the it was the spider-man
the movie game yeah let you let you play
and you got to play all the levels with
the Green Goblin in the end his glider
it was great
oh yeah that was fantastic that was
super fun so that's that's my thoughts
on that
like like 100% sing the Arkham games
somebody's saying you get like a gold
bat symbol for your student that's life
you know you should get you can play it
Superman all of the bullets bounce off
of you you can just fly and you beat up
all the enemies in one punch
every girl for batarangs are replaced
with heat vision oh my god wouldn't that
be just awesome that would be a little
ridiculous
and it'll be completely broken because
you're playing a super fly right
would it change the story and all
playing as green Goblin's Green Goblin
and spider-man didn't it'll be a lot of
work to change the story to fit around a
Superman I'm okay with it it's just a
fun extra oh yeah I mean it's better
than just a gold bat symbol on your suit
what are you speeding up time I got I
got caught speeding up time so he could
carry me do this stupid exit oh you were
being carried yeah
I was carrying you why one of the guards
when you get when you get captured they
knock you out and throw you out the
airlock oh I thought I was gay you had
to start her as a new character that you
got captured well uh there's two there's
a couple different you there's a couple
different kinds of captured okay
there's there's that was captured a
which is different than Megan captured I
guess okay does this just need to let
you play zoomed in and then just have
like the wider version on like a little
mini map in the bottom Raby maybe that's
it
some of shine on J AI na Jana says rich
and Jack what is your favorite non trek
sci-fi show without the war of the
chosen corniness would you think XCOM
would be a good premise free TV series
also any new voice acting work incoming
no new voice acting work favorite non
Trek show Farscape easily Farscape there
are other good like stranger things but
Farscape
I think in general be my answer Oh Jack
you have a favorite non Trek sci-fi show
favorite non trek sci-fi showed the
expanse is very good
I really enjoyed battles to the remake
of Battlestar Galactica mmm I thought
that was a fine sci-fi show I don't know
if this counts but orphan black
what's the rules on sci-fi in life you
tell me right good orphan black is okay
it's it's any technology that doesn't
exist yeah Becky yeah so orphan black is
a really good sci-fi show I'm like a
follow up Firefly of course Firefly was
great
orphan black a sci-fi oh good yeah then
orphan black is really fuckin good
sci-fi shit and Firefly at least but it
might be Firefly cuz it's so good but
also there's just not that many
fireflies and so like I get more
enjoyment out of orphan black only
because there's more of them uh-huh even
though Firefly is a better channel I
might be willing to count the Nightrider
a sci-fi sure Doctor Who is that's I
fight you know it is sci-fi and a half
it it like it teeters that line between
sci-fi and fantasy where it's like all
right it's fan it you know like sure
yeah who's good
thanks for who has some good to it as
far as when X come make a good TV show
here's a fun fact here's a really fun
fact X come originally not not like the
new rebooted X come or anything but the
original version of XCOM was called UFO
and in the unknown uh-huh
when they it was it's called that in in
Europe when they when they released the
US they changed the name to XCOM you
know for defense but it was originally
called UFO enemy unknown and it was
basically an unauthorized video game
based on the British TV show
UFO about an organization a secret
organization that was investigating
these alien incursions yes so it's it's
it's technically already based on a TV
show albeit like a a shitty 70s British
one
that that is a fun fact yeah yeah but I
see a lot of you in Chad saying doctor
who got really bad doctor who did get
really bad but but there was there's
like five or six solid Doctor Who
seasons maybe seven they're not you're
not talking about any of the original
seasons either right you say that right
I'm talking strictly about Eccleston and
beyond
Eccleston is a great season all of
Tennant is great like two seasons of
Matt Smith are pretty good and that's
when I stopped watching so there's some
good there's some French that's what I
need
I had to fail that last mission because
I had no non-lethal weapons hmm wrench
always got to have a wrench
quiet automatic shotgun
if you've never seen that you off our
show you need to look into it it's
bonkers I've never seen it and I need to
track down an episode or two I've heard
him I've only heard of it
fuck the police I don't give no fuck if
I spill the blood I love killing people
that's my favorite thing to do in this
game nerd or bball cuz you're supposed
to be a sneaky spy and there's
definitely nobody talking about you if
they're dead
all right uh-huh Hardin says aparted hi
hey Jack I I don't believe in censorship
and I don't have an anger problem but
were there any shows your kids couldn't
watch because it was annoying we banned
Cal U I hated that bald-headed bastard
Caillou
all right yeah Caillou fuckin sucks I
agree with that
I'm assuming this is a children's show
it's a PBS children show that stars the
most annoying little kid you will ever
hear he's whiny he complains all the
time he doesn't understand his shit
that's going on around him
Caillou's the fucking at worst
yeah there's a couple shows that we like
really try to steer them away there was
one in particular and I don't know if
it's still on Netflix and it was a show
I was it called it was something about
crayons they were like talking crayons
but they didn't really talk they just
made noises and it was like 25 30
minutes of just crayons with faces on
them that was just like wiggle and make
noise then for like two-year-olds right
but and my kids were young when they
watched it and they loved it and I
couldn't even stand it to be on in the
background so eventually we just told
them it wasn't working like yeah it's
not working they're like no I see it
right there we said yet not doesn't
doesn't work it's like Oh crazy crayons
or something huh I'm trying to think of
all things I mean that there's a million
shows like that where you just don't
like there was one code there is a show
called cannibals and it starred like
animals that you could stuff into a can
or something that one too and sometimes
children's programming very sorry Jackie
as you should be
the sacrifices you have to make as a
parent s Carson says Jack how long do
you think Gary will be stuck in the
speedforce
prison in season four I think he'll be
out before Thanksgiving night playing
Wally sucks I don't think I can handle
him as the flash for long so then I just
read a whole bunch of like spoilers that
I probably shouldn't have read cuz I
didn't know anybody
Oh last season spoilers so you know
nothing too bad
DC loves just replacing their heroes
with lamer knockoffs of the old heroes
you liked like what Oh like the flash
with you know the original was Wally
West and Barry Allen well yeah so well
Green Lantern with oh yeah
Kyle whatever yeah so in in CW Flash
universe Wally West is Kid Flash
yeah and work he works alongside flash
and I do agree he's not the greatest
actor but if you're into the show like
it's there's a there's a neat dynamic
with Wally West and Barry Allen in the
CW show where you as everyone knows the
Flash's parents got killed by a
speedster when he was very young in the
CW universe he was adopted by his
neighbor Joe West
and so Joe West is the father figures
great father fingers you know taught me
he raised Barry after his parents got
brutally murdered and he was also the
cop in charge of investigating yeah it
was it's really neat
Wally comes around as
Joe's some that he never knew about
who's about Wally or who's about Barry
Allen say yeah and so there's a really
neat dynamic there about like you know
we're kind of brothers you're my real
son Barry's my adoptive son you know
like sweet family drama last season
Barry got trapped in the Speed Force how
long will it take him to get out of the
Speed Force ten minutes into the first
episode cuz they never stay it's he's a
fucking star of the show he's the star
of the show he's not going anywhere
come on get real he's gonna he's gonna
be in this feed forest for approximately
three seconds and come out of it
sure dank at the Bale says hey guys best
of the worst hypothetical deathmatch
Shaq mo vs. the tank diving baboon from
order of the Black Eagle who comes out
victorious the tank driving baboon
because he has a tank and he's probably
a lot smarter than shot though I've
never heard you guys compare these two
iconic baboons shocked mom I know that
chakra is stronger than a normal bamboo
he's just homicidal right right well
there no there might have been something
there's our strength enhancement you
know there usually is none of it matters
if the tank driving baboon gets to drive
his baboon tank right that trumps chakra
plus he's a lot smarter than shot he's
smart enough to know how to drive a tank
Chacma has trouble with doors
everything's fine now because I have no
wrench doctor lube it up says I listen
to the Lego stream Oh driving the sound
of LEGO bricks propping memories I'll
have to sort my collection one day
looking forward to seeing this tip on
youtube you know and you know they like
it like I said the Lego stream was fun I
it was brought with production value so
like I said I don't know if I'll do it
anytime soon the one thing though is you
know a lot of our chat be a bunch of
bitches and they spent the majority of
the stream complaining about how I
organize my Legos and I got a fucking
system man what were you doing wrong
according to them you need to organize
every single Lego by type and not by
color honestly if you really want them
sorted it should be both it should be of
course ideally though I would do color
before I did dub type and I do a little
bit of both for the bigger ones anything
anything over a like a two by one tiny
black color well yeah I probably want a
smaller smaller blue pieces and larger
bleep exactly and then for the small
specific pieces I do all by type okay
and so everyone got know everything at
all but all the two by fours all the
four by sixes all the two by sixes fuck
you then then you end up with
multicolored monstrosities that you're
building right right I need a blue thing
I can't find a magic Apple - no no no
that's the thing like hey I'm gonna
build a blue boat well I guess I need to
go to this blue bin and then this blue
bin and then this blue bin fuck you know
you just go to the one blue bin all the
blue shit yeah yeah yeah
so y'all gotta get off my nuts a lot of
people are on my nuts rich straight up
on them
I hope the chats kidding when they're
taking this shit seriously I really hope
they're kidding about what the upsetness
love it
I bought the Legos Preda they're from
and I'm sure they're most of them were
joking I'm on your side in this motion
how about before time color before type
and then like and I showed them all of
my bins that were just type it didn't
matter what color like all the little
great pieces like the two by ones that
have the great ones and a whole bin full
that I show to mama beans
okay that's okay
I can
I could do that everything's fine
all right um and I know it wasn't all
chat but you know you see those comments
fuckin aunty shatter says love your guys
work have you seen the trailer for the
disaster artist James Franco as Tommy
Wiseau
has me cracking up I've only seen like
the teaser
there's just the him coming out of the
door over and over again that's all I've
seen oh I've seen the full trailer the
book is good I've read the book and I
haven't read the book and you know I
haven't seen the room in general mm-hmm
but yeah the movie looks fun it looks it
looks good it looks like he's doing a
good impression of Tommy Wiseau
like dice
these people really deserve to die ah
they're in my way I think I've seen the
blood stain
no they bought the same dress up yeah
we'll just see the bottom now I'd be a
nice touch if they could see the blood
stain who that would be so then you
would want to use more non-lethal yeah
yeah or maybe you had to take like an
extra step to clean it up oh that's a
great idea yeah yeah like or or like you
use a non-lethal weapon but then the
drawback is they might wake up like
right now if you knock someone out there
knocked out yeah the whole mission but
you could have a little back and forth
of the blood-stained wire
pause you have to pause
sis param test Byram thang does hey game
question if you're bad at a game is it
fair to criticize that game I'm terrible
at undertale yet I find myself also
thinking it's a bad only ok game because
if it's a clunky mechanics spend some of
what you don't like about it your your
ability to play a game has very little
to do with your ability to criticize the
game as long as you articulate your
thoughts good enough that's all that
matters as far as criticism is concerned
right now you can say like you know like
let's let's go have an extreme example
is you just like cannot use a mouse and
you're playing a first-person shooter
right and your main criticism of it is
it's really hard to aim with a mouse
then though you might find a lot of
people just like oh well I'm just gonna
disagree yeah you're your opinion would
still be I don't like the mouse and you
have to use the mouse exactly and if
you're someone who didn't like using the
mouse that would be useful information
oh you can only use Mouse oh like my
review of Halo would be the control suck
because you have to use a controller
right that would be my review of Halo
though speaking of not necessarily
unrelated there have been reports in the
wild of PlayStation fours under the
radar
incorporating mouse keyboard controls in
all games no no okay because I know that
was one of your big places horizon zero
dawn yeah and you might be able to just
do that in games not use the most people
are so eat signature it's still a
grandiy MMO though right
oh wait no raisins I'm thinking arises
here though I'm League of the other one
destiny oh yeah but yeah no I don't wait
horizons or dunno know that was one of
your big yeah once it was
there's too much aiming in that game for
a controller
some people like those type of games but
you don't but you can't really say it's
not a good game I could say it's not a
good game for me that's what the proper
so that's what the review is what do you
think of the thing right that's that's
the whole thing
like this game was not a good game for
me because XY and Z review is a
subjective thing not an objective one
always always unless your review is
purely based around measurable metrics
like like let's say someone only
measures FPS frames per second while
using this hardware yeah like they don't
talk about the gameplay all they do is
measure they give you numbers and that
would be a really boring fucking word be
a boring review that's not useful to you
right well unless you have that hardware
yeah then you'll know exactly but if the
game won't play on your system button
yeah I think a lot of people forget like
reviewing is is this incredibly
subjective thing
have you ever had any desire to own a
pinball machine on our cabe cabinet kid
we had one you'd a pinball machine in
your house awesome
my grandmother had seven kids six number
sons we had we had crap
waita oh you know we had pinball machine
there was a pong table table that we the
screen was in the table hmm interesting
very interesting
to a pinball stream come hug me out
how we even
surfs a lot I don't know if that's a
joke or not let's test show we play a
lot with my a lot of it that's totally a
joke
you know you never know
okay I am Chester says your fight of
God's dream was great but I would
recommend for Halloween season
terrordome the fan made fighting game
based on horror movie characters like
Jason Freddy Ash etc could be fun
I've heard of that honking heads in that
too right I think oh yeah yeah okay yeah
that could be silly that could be very
silly I don't know how good a fan made
brawler's gonna be
Saoirse lie apparently they're saying
it's the first time in her know we've
we've played the we've played the fuck
out of FTL oh god this is so many FTL
Stream I do I didn't know pause run once
unnormal uh yeah I'm normal rich should
beat FTL without pausing on glory i I do
adjust my strats I lost I was so like
frantically switching up what I was
doing like somebody suffocated I don't
even notice it was like three jumps
later I'm like wait a minute where's my
mantas you guys trying getting or trying
to get a SNES mini I have a PC I have a
Super Nintendo I my Super Nintendo is
still hooked up to my TV so
for the SNES
but you don't have starfox - I have a PC
that's available in rum when you
couldn't get it any other way because
they'd never released it it just leaked
onto the internet the only way you could
play Star Fox 2 was the other ROM
I am Chester sis yeah rich if you are
still interested in putting a Raspberry
Pi in a NES shell there is a fancy new
nest PI case for the PI that looks like
the recent NES classic I got a few I
could send you in Jack one that'd be
neat rich isn't project I'm I'm Avenue
me neither I didn't have like any
immediate plans to build a Raspberry Pi
and he is neat
ayyyy cutter 1207 sis Jack loved
building the lego pirate ship during the
last I saw your progress yes like that
can't wait to build more 30 plus year
old sets maybe next time I'll break out
the space monorail system
I see in chance someone's asking about
how we're liking expert so far and
here's something I will say they have
this little like thing on top of xsplit
that gives us some of the data and right
now for this entire stream we have zero
dropped frames nice nice
that's really nice we got the free month
we got a code for three months that's
that's what we paid for you and we're
gonna try this out for a little bit I
know we use the elgato stream deck and
there are more options for xsplit than
there is for OBS I'm liking it it's a
little bit different but so far I'm
really liking it we're using one is that
we're using 12% of the GPU 19% of the
GPU so I don't know if that how bad that
is but it all sorts of little doodads
and whatnots and whosits
but so far run I'm pretty optimistic
about using excellent there's a couple
weird quirks like for example I we
weren't able to find a compressor okay
for our microphone yeah yeah yeah and
there was one in OBS and I couldn't find
one for X but that's probably just a
more long as brutally we might yes we
might need to dig a little bit deeper
yeah so like there's a couple quirks
that we should work out but I mean you
guys can see us that's good
you know what else they gonna do more so
here what's going on
I was really hoping if I got close
enough to this guy I was gonna shield
oh there it is is there a footman you
don't have yet yes well there's
equipment I could use to disable shield
but this is what I thought if you get
close enough to you could just steal the
car
he just you got lucky and you didn't see
him and he just walked away
see you got lucky I got incredibly lucky
except for right now I'm gonna get a
little unlucky
actively seizure yeah he's got that look
you know you can't see huh uh-oh look
even that even that shrinks he has an
exclamation point okay and look when you
when you try to zoom in even had shrinks
this guy with the shield look doesn't
see me and I don't want him to see me
because oh god I mean he's oh oh I'm so
fucked say he's got a key to me he's got
a key any which means I need to steal it
and because this guy sees me he's gonna
freak out okay you should get out of
vision sure enough this guy man yeah
what's his range of sight that's a great
is it all the way apparently like you
can see more you just for your circles
in her lap no this circle of this circle
is the Ange of a range of effectiveness
for my high-capacity side whiner my
telephone okay
can you teleport away I I can only
teleport inside this room inside this
circle inside this room yeah because I
need a direct lane
that's upward here he'll see me maybe I
could okay if can you get behind him huh
can you get behind him yes
now this guy sees get behind a yard you
have the body he's gonna say you can't
take him out right yeah your fuck
to get out nope nope he's about to get
me tell if I find him
Oh
you're currently alive kill the captain
so that'll shut off the now you doing
good you've made a nice recovery yeah
what do I even have to do I forgot it
won't be my mission is I have to
assassinate that person that's not
fucking happening now I just got to get
out of here wait wait what happened what
do you need to do I have to get all the
way over here and assassinate that
fucker you dude let's see what we can do
here
oh I need I need a three card key that
this fucker has all right well hang back
and see what they do
there's no timer now we have time can
you can you lure them away
they're you here you go you got him oh I
only have one teleport left
that was my last teleport
get around the corners real fucking
quick go go go go go go it's in slow
motion oh so it automatically goes into
slow motion whatever the enemy sees you
yeah what I mean like yeah I wouldn't
have been able to move no matter what
Craig Nations hey Jack
alright thanks for sharing that pic of
make it so Picard and off-brand Riker
from your Vulcan trip on Twitter oh very
funny and made my day oh yeah they were
talking about I think I showed you I
actually realized I'd never shared those
with Twitter right back the same mission
yeah let's see what I can get away with
oh no but my teleport is done hey a
better teleporter
does it ever recharges just from a gone
it retard it only recharges once you Oh
actually wait it recharges any time you
go to a friendly base okay so what if I
can recharge and try to find the ship
again
that's the little cheese but I'm gonna
go for it monkeys cat says hey guys I
created Paul Feig for a new War of the
chosen run but by chance he was a very
low cohesion with every other soldier I
almost feel sorry for him sorry
cohesions how likely they are to make
friends um get a bond with another
soldier
and he was local everyone with everyone
we do this
I killed the captain so there's no timer
I already stole that key so that's not
gonna stop me okay we got to get over
here if we got to get over here wait how
am I gonna
oh I can shoot him in his face okay okay
can you disable that gun emplacement I
don't have the thing to disable the gun
maybe if I get yeah how you even gonna
get in there I'm even gonna get in there
that's a great question
well this doors open so once this this
thing it rotates so this door will open
eventually and then I need to get
you love a four key where's the level Oh
perfect fuck's sake little four keys
over here
I need the level four key before I can
get dang it
this might have some somebody saying
press e on gun century put the sapper on
the century
oh okay that's good to know
ah
yep great let's shoot at will let's
shoot at enemies now no there is a there
is a gun that you can use to turn the
centuries and shields on your enemy I
just don't have that gun okay and I need
to steal it from this fucker
have the visitor what's the range on
that
okay here's what we can do usually we
can do yeah so I have this year the
teleporter is the visitor
yeah click anywhere within a radius to
teleport there you'll be pulled back to
your original locations two seconds
later while they shoot me in two seconds
tell us who's got the key this person
right here they will shoot you in two
seconds I think it's worth a shot
Oh Oh do they shoot their own oh haha
they captured me but they teleported me
back yes doesn't matter go oh look at
now these fuckers are confused that's
great that's great that's great
heat it fucks this is very enjoyable and
please it yes it is a very enjoyable
game it's a game that I I enjoy it
because of moments like that like it
really forces you to send red canister
thing that's nothing there are big
orange canisters that are
I need this guy to come over here I
can't kill him because he has a shield
what's the range in the window I think
you have to be in this room so I need
him to come over here I think he needs
to be in specifically this room
yeah
further down don't care no no I'm gonna
wait til he comes like closer oh sure
kill it
shit
okay just one dude left you can kill the
shield guy by exploding the big orange
fuel canisters one you can explode those
canisters apparently try it try it
wait oh he's alerting that's okay no
wait wait wait I wanted to get more oh
there we go
really wait is it glowing it might be in
the process of exploding
so that's what those things do all right
we have an answer you can explode rooms
fucking nice I don't know I gotta get
out of here
awesome I just thought those barrels
were there for uh for flavor
I forgot there was something doing I
didn't know what mama says I saw you
recently played the fight of gods
yes I met the devil few weeks ago and
told them it would be funny to add
Mohammed and just make the character
model invisible he said he didn't want
to get bombed you know that's enough
you know yeah right it's one of those
things it's one of those things
I feel good about that motion I feel
good about that mission wrench we did it
we did we did some good work there
did marvelous that was some K that was
teamwork the chat too
everybody did great okay
that visitor really came in really came
you know it's like hey I like you don't
get a big inventory slot
one Lascars get out of town
seems like you're not supposed to kill
non-target people yeah their guard their
on the table
yeah yeah like so there are these I
don't know how much you can see this
this right here steal the lacayo condi
contraption kill no one that's a mission
that is specifically bloodless okay you
are not supposed to kill anyone but
anyone else I just kill anyone you want
man get to get in your way
let's try one of these ones an audacious
one what does that mean
apparently super difficult oh that's the
difficulty level yeah
this ship is flying through hostile
territory and will come under heavy
missile fire maybe not I guess you know
what let's try one of these uh look
don't kill anybody I don't know what
you're gonna be any good at that you are
you are a bloody stealth gamer I really
like okay so let's get rid of our our
short play we won't need that sand
that's a stash get rid of our yeah well
well hold on to the gun because I might
have to blow out a window
gas cam Prime thank you I have anything
interesting to say
absolutely I'll get rid of the shot
all right let's go the highest
difficulty level in the game is mistake
Oh
well we're gonna we're gonna try a
bloodless hard one I've been watching
the stream for five minutes and I
already learned three new things you can
do in this game yeah
listen Hilah I've been playing this game
for LA I have hours into this game and I
didn't know you could do that with the
barrels look I I'm going to finish my
current next calm
commander run and then maybe I'll take a
look at this but I just I just can't
right now I simply can't hey that's
totally fair it
we have three guys over here
someone showed the devs something he
didn't realize you could do on Twitter
recently oh yeah Oh nope but I made a
big loud noise and my gun was was
equipped and so I shot my gun and
alerted everyone to my presence who do I
need to anyone I need to do good job you
missed somebody's saying I did miss
that's yeah that's the good news the
good news is that I missed some same
hotline yeah it's it's hotline Miami by
way of FTL hotline pause Amy nice
okay okay okay okay okay okay okay we
can do this we can do this rich
as soon as the ExComm fatigue system is
working on rich if you mean growing I
mean I I can't feel the same I did about
it from the beginning
I get where it adds more depth to the
game but I'm still not we're still not
loving it I I miss being able to bring
my favorite troops on every mission I
missed that this game is about making
mistakes and getting out of it in clever
ways yep with you and like I just I'm
gonna beat this mission I got 35 seconds
to do this do this I can get out here
too oh yeah I capacity swapper wasn't
this a bloodless mission I didn't kill
anyone
you're knocking someone out isn't the
same thing as killing them
I used my wrench and I used my
concussive gun not my regular gun I did
not kill a single person sorry
I followed the rules something that
Yahtzee is game but I don't think they
never played it we have we have a metric
fuck ton of games though wouldn't be it
wouldn't be out of spite
right right yeah it's we have so many
games that we want to play and our plan
currently and more games are gonna come
out so everyone just has brain damage
now it's better than being dead Hey
I followed the letter of the law
did I kill anyone no that's all that
matters
these are Batman rules
I remember that playing playing Arkham
Asylum is you know like Batman clearly
crushed a lot of people's spines broken
legs
slipstream we don't need that we're
gonna sell that get out of here the
swapper is an interesting one so like
right now I have three different
teleporters and I love them all the
swapper changes places with another
person
yeah and so if you wanted to and I've
done it I've done this in a mission
before you can break the window and then
swap with a person so they get sucked
out and you're fun you have time before
you get sucked out of the window because
you can fire your gun and pause and then
a before it hits the window yeah and
then click on the swapper swap with
someone and then it hits the window
while they're in the room and at the
swapper is a really fun like they're all
like I said the the situations are
really fun user interface CX will my
personal mission is ready to go but I
just don't feel like I'm ready for that
yeah what's a personal mission that's
like them that's like my characters is
the story progress kind of stuff or kind
of rescue my idiot kid who got captured
by the villagers okay it's it's worth a
lot of money usually and then I think
after you're done with that you retire
and then you can go to like the hall of
retired people's and see
but I'm doing all right
we steal both these rigs it with
explosives that that native hit with
lethal damage not only both acts are
safe okay
fairly 2772 says Feridun hypothetical
question hypothetical if you two are
asked to appear in a film in room say as
a cameo appearance in a Skype call
what would your expected rate of
compensation be that sounds less than
hypothetical eight million dollars it
kind of sounds like you're asking us to
be in your movie yep yep the answer's no
I don't know what your movie is what
it's about I don't know what you're
gonna do with this footage we do yeah we
don't know you Dylan not Dylan says are
there any non Sierra or non Lucas art
adventure games that you love now that I
can think of honestly
and they made the bulk of them
Lucasfilm and Ciara
it's not gonna see me sorry doc a plane
I complain it
you can ghost mission is to where you
don't knock anyone out like it seems
like I'm gonna be neat what's the
strategy for ghosting here so this is
the next key card I need yeah
I'm assuming it's not possible to ghost
everyone there's only this fair amount
of randomly generated this going on
right we're face but if this guard moves
I could probably do another thing where
you know so right now the strategy is
wait and see if we can get this guard to
move or if this guard doesn't
that car decides to go for a walk
you might have to take the other cards
out cuz they seem to leave ya know
better they take turns
maybe we're just taking turns
okay are you safe to sneak behind there
no comeback
here we go happening what's happening
he's gonna come here are you even try
and ghost this yeah
I mean is this a no-kill are you just
trying something different
I'm just trying something just for the
fuck of it okay okay I'm down with that
I mean I'm gonna miss out on some
possible loot but I don't know if I've
ever goes to division okay this one's
gonna be tricky because here's the key
to keypad I need to hit the pad there's
only one guy in here that's good it's
really good
plan this out what do you need on you
need that this is I need to steal this
so I probably can't ghost the entire
thing oh no I haven't used any of my
sight wondering I can Sidewinder in to
steal it
Sidewinder out and you know leave via
window yeah if they see you it's not a
ghost I don't know what the rules with
ghosting is is it having played be fade
when they've referred to ghosting it
means you you were not at all spotted by
a guard you left no no evidence that you
were ever even there right no alerts no
what was that noise let's see what they
do so use up a sidewalk
well he might you might be able to sneak
past when he goes in
one gone he comes over here I bet
they're just gonna leave one of the
times you though you're gonna need to
take them out I don't think you can
ghost this wrench please spectacular
move the body moves bunny
you can talk about when he walks back
waitwait
I gots an ideas okay
what
how did you get there yeah there's two
there and you didn't notice oh no that
was a teleporting are some of the guards
when they are alerted to trouble like
telephone okay okay
by E Y these are these spaceships have
glass windows they took their design
from Star Trek
they should be an aluminum alloy yeah
see-through aluminum trans trans
aluminum
none of us wants to know if we'll talk
about our memories of the early internet
I know in 56k modem jack and it went
squeeze
I just remember you know because I was
making dumb movies back in the day yeah
and I remember my cousin's showing me
Stella shorts that's you know Michael
Showalter David Wain and Michael Ian
Black mm-hmm and they had a little
Internet video comedy show and you know
the image was about this big
there was like 320 by 160 and I thought
it was the most revolutionary thing in
the world do you mean we can make movies
and put them on the Internet it was the
most revolutionary thing in the world
and and he had like a like that's not
the early internet though huh oh no I
mean by the time you get to video yeah
well what I'm talking like real player
on a video that you could upload
yourself I remember like he he made his
own like Apple website because we were I
mean we're still Apple and fanboys but
we were Apple fanboys and Apple had the
ability to like make your own like at
apple.com web site mm-hmm
so he made his own web site and you know
we shot the dumbest video and it took
him three days to upload this like a
minute and a half video yeah and you
could you could click on it and it would
take five minutes to load much fun yeah
it was great it was amazing it was a lot
slower and there was a lot more reading
that's the early internet yeah
some shits better on forever I like
snopes.com is ancient mm-hmm ya know and
you know they like you don't really see
you don't really see message boards
anymore or chat rooms missing any well
that used to be the thing you can talk
to people from all over the world
yeah just going to say hi yeah and so
you know kind of social media has taken
that over the social media
yeah I was taken over the this is a
chatroom I know but it used to be a far
more prominent thing with the Internet
chat rooms and this chat room was way
different
you know like replying to a 14-page
thread and then like hanging around for
the next couple of days to see if
someone replies to you all chat rooms
were like this they were that was one on
one know a lot more people were just
horny teenagers right looking to get
laid and failing miserably pathetically
age sex location it has a great pickup
line age sex location mmm
let's play one of these didn't affect
their mission is to be fun
so these defector missions are one
big-ass ship oh my god what is this so
this is Adam after you you saw me
earlier kind of take over a little
satellite each satellite has their
defector measurements and like for this
one I get a hundred thirteen credits
which is pretty good but I have to start
with this I have a self charging swap or
on repeaters from sharp blade and quick
fire shotgun and I cannot raise any
alarms
all right that's the the goal so these
are like pre done maps this is a bullet
generator be my assumption no the the
map is if you fail you can start over
and it's random engine okay the only
thing that's not randomly generated is
my me and my equipment
Oh assasin
I need to assassinate this motherfucker
on the other side of the fucking
spaceship
yeah
damnit so you've already failed what
what happened probably press the wrong
button see now that was slightly
different okay
classic wrong button press
take
so you can kill you just can't raise the
alarm right
I have they have wives and kids families
Jack
that's blood
and I was your violent fucking murderer
you're completely unsympathetic I have a
mission rich stupid selfish ha ha feel
like I'm watching Star Trek discovery ah
brother brought it all the way around
rich you did it
come on grapes the blood will go away
huh this is the thing yeah the blood
just goes away I I like that idea though
of needing to clean up yeah yeah that's
a fun idea
can you bypass them oh here we go I
cannot bypassed again but there's no one
really around so I don't need to
necessarily be worried about making too
much noise
so actually can you make noise
deliberately and then swap with the guy
and back
oh they teleport the one that the one
teleports
it's just the one just the one the one
with the green teleports so they're
gonna raise the alarm this is all my
fault that's ok hey we're trying to let
trial is all my fault
trial and error I will accept sorry jack
I thought that'd be a really clever
strategy that was a really clever
strategy and I liked it but now we know
now we know okay
got a guard over here got a guard over
here got a guard right here
trial and error air and air my error
though that's all I made
backseat gaming failed backseat
suggestion fail you know but what if
that would have worked that would have
been awesome and I by the way I think it
would have worked if we had accounted
for that teleporting guard right yeah
yeah
so that was the real thing it was that
teleporting guards fault so the key is
taking care of that teleporting guard
first
right here
okay so once again there's no one really
around
we can teleport into this guy I'm here
now use our quickfire shotgun on that
guy Chet unless we're talking about rope
none Star Wars is fun and adventurous
Star Trek discovery is not so I don't I
don't necessarily know that I don't I
don't think discovery is trying to be
like Star Wars because then it would at
least be fun
revengeance it right I rendered the
sipping Attack of the Clones were so fun
adventures the fucking prequels come on
man it's pretty well come on I mean well
as far as trolling goes you're not even
trying
around
yeah that's gonna look for something
that's horribly different to talk about
here and what's going on um Ricketts 47
says rich do you think you could beat up
Dustin Diamond yep
dude didn't horse Shack make the mistake
of thinking that then they had that
celebrity boxing match and didn't didn't
Dustin Diamond beat the crap out of him
like kind of famously and brew late yeah
I think I think Dustin Diamond could
probably handle himself honestly
Dustin Simon his head to put up a lot of
shit I wouldn't surprise me if he knew
how to fight
was this rich and will sound completely
dumb but if I read over start I love you
guys but you see so much stuff I can't
read things if I start watching Star
Trek the films or the TV show where do
you really begin with Star Trek's is
digital xanax
see it's not of TV shows I would I would
go straight to season three of TNG TOS
well I like TOS I can see where someone
might not think it's aged well cos sure
sure I think I mean there's a lot of
redeeming qualities but sure there's a
there's a lot TNG season one I know
Tiberius Kirk in the chat disagrees with
me entirely season one is awful of TNG
season two's a big improvement but it's
not like a uniform improvement it's like
half the episodes are really good and
half the episodes are really bad for
Star Trek TNG season two sure so I would
just start straight away at T&G; season
three it's not like it's not like
there's a long ongoing story you need to
worry about with TNG right so just go
straight to season three
and then if you like that if you watch
season 3 yeah I'm liking that then you
can take a peek at seasons 1 & 2 if you
want TNG seasons 1 & 2 are terrible I
disagree with - season 2 of T and G has
some of the best episodes in the series
measure of a man and what's the Ryker
if serving on a Klingon ship exchange
program it's not code of honor is it
that's a good episode whatever it is
whatever I'm so that is that's a good
one and that season two there's some
great episodes in season two matter of
Honor a matter of Honor
all right
after you get through T&G; then you can
take a look at the original series and
if if the original series feels dated to
you check out deep space 9 that's my
order I think that's fine order it's
fine order
thank you
I tried the movies and you didn't like
them well the TNG movies especially
don't it all convey what the series was
like when they made the TNG movies they
decided to turn them into stupid action
movies and that's that's kind of what
Star Trek has been ever since the TNG
movies it's been stupid action it's
really depressing
the the original series movies they're
their hit or miss
Wrath of Khan is really good but that's
another one that I don't think is really
indicative of what the TV shows were
like graphic on it's very space opera II
yeah but like uh like it had that great
oh great there's great to the spaceship
battle at the end I think was very was
very Star Trek it's far better than all
of your multi ship fucking the Star Trek
discovery do you does this little cat
and mouse game that Kirk and Connor
playing with each other and it's nebula
the submarine style combat yeah was
fucking awesome
yes intense in a way that these
explosions could never be I agree
I have a problem I need to get out of
here now I've completed my mission
but now I need to leave and I don't have
an accent
wait I can just blow this up
right I don't know I'm looking at the
chat I have no idea what's going on in
your game right now
yes that's what I need that's what I
need
good work jack I did yeah I mean that
was sloppy as fuck you did it but I did
it I'm killing everyone and hiding in
the bushes absolutely that's my stealth
game
rather Kaunas such a good movie
Wrath of Khan Isaac but I I mean like I
get what you're saying like with space
operas but it's just such a fucking good
yeah that'd be your first in Star Trek
it's not about an ethical dilemma it's
not about a mystery it's the
Shakespearean drama I want to get
revenge on in this movie dick and space
except for Kirk his Moby Dick Fergus
Curtis the whale yeah it's a little bit
BS because I actually got caught and
thrown out of the ship once but
apparently I didn't do enough to Rend
blew up part of the ship but didn't do
enough to raise an alarm so I still want
good I'll take it oh you oh do you have
switch characters
oh no oh that I did that with someone
else
okay so that that person I did it with
is now a legend but I still have my dude
so can you lose your dude yeah because
he becomes a legend like when you for
doing too good yeah if you I think if I
think and I've never actually completed
a personal mission but I think if you
complete a personal mission you lose
your dude that sounds awful with all of
his stuff that sounds awful yes but I
don't know like I got my personal
mission maybe I could try you know what
I have some good weapons too
let's try my personal mission let's see
what happens
see if I do
no you have to manually retire him okay
see what we need for our personal
mission here we've seen the future
content roadmap the developers released
for Friday the 13th the game says turbo
Jesus 5,000 you have I have it I'm now
out of it
it's not to say I couldn't jump back and
but playing XCOM knowledge playing Mario
rabbits before that after after that
maybe I can't take a look at this I've
kind of moved on you have your own game
roadmap that doesn't include right this
is what you're saying right you know I
and they gave us the emote update and
they have introduced the swimsuit DLC
and I hopped back on actually like
yellow yeah and it was really cute to
see everyone in their swimsuit even
though it cost like three bucks or five
bucks whatever to get those into DLC and
I played a couple rounds and I agree
with you I just didn't feel it I just
didn't feel it anymore and maybe we need
a new map like if you can give me a new
map oh maybe that's an excuse to get in
but I don't care about swimsuits yeah
Ricketts wits I don't know I don't know
what I am gonna read that tip it's just
potentially do like who is your favorite
person in RL m these are all my friends
right
I'm not gonna rank them like objects I
mean but you could just say yourself
yeah that's the way out of that yeah
it's me I'm my favorite person that
Arlen there you go madam says Jack I've
been freelance editing recently and it
has been very lucrative nice
congratulations I'm thinking about doing
it full-time and pursuing more clients
should I get an LLC how do I make the
jump to full-time a wing and a prayer my
friend yes get an LLC right away it
really helps for taxation purposes and
everything then can become business
expenses which the more write-ups you
have the better for tax reasons
there's lots of good reasons to get LLC
so yes as far as making the switch to
full time there's a man fuck that's
that's a really tricky thing because
once you start going full freelance 100%
of the time you never sleep again
because every job could be your last job
for the next couple of months and it's
incredibly stressful I think worth it
but also it works out for me and you
know my wife works as well so so like
that's how we made that work so good
luck good luck man but yeah yeah I mean
if I could get an LLC just for now you
can start writing off part of your home
like you can start writing if you have a
home office you can write off a little
bit of your energy expenses because
that's going towards the business you
can write off if you if you're in a
creative field you can write off in any
movie you go to your cable services here
you can write off a bit of your internet
your cell phone like there's so many
getting and by the way a quick tip find
yourself a tax person
find yourself a person that knows these
kind of tax stuff and listen to them
worth every penny the hysterical
reaction to discovery including from
rich makes me wonder what the hell is
the matter with Star Trek for an offense
action drama humor good production
values and all they squealers know it's
stupid now for one I praise the
production values yeah it's really good
I don't watch Star Trek for action star
trek fans don't watch Star Trek for
action it was never an action series
this is a recent development because
they're trying to be good lowest common
denominator of Star Trek and in fact
historically when Star Trek the non
action series are trying to be in action
series in the Star Trek The Next
Generation movies they've failed
spectacular yeah up then it took them
all the way until JJ came around to
completely reboot the series to make
them action friendly and then you have a
what one and a half success ratio I
wanted a half out of three drama yeah
there's more to drama than just people
being miserable and humor finally humor
there was no humor and Star Trek
discovery there was no levity I don't
know where you're seeing this Liberty it
does not exist the JJ movies had them
but yeah I like Star Trek 2009 and
Beyond yeah yeah so my my only like Star
Trek the Star Trek my complaint is the
complaint that a lot of people have
which is it is a very good space action
movie it's not necessarily a Star Trek
thing but it's very good beyonders more
is
Star Trek
and quite ready for my personal mission
we're gonna keep going at the heart
missions
but I could appreciate it two of the JJ
movies but give the kind of action trick
but I I see them as more just fun
nostalgia trips then this is the
direction Star Trek is going and that's
what I want to see more of zeroes this
fun movie sure yeah but when I think a
Star Trek I think of the original series
and TNG yeah those are the first things
that come to my mind not JJ Trek and to
me when I think of Star Trek TNG is yeah
but you know that's what I started
well TNG is my favorite but I like the
original series too there's some good
stuff in here ago series Square a ship
but the fact that you can look at
discovery and see humor in there
anywhere I don't see it it was violent
and depressing
see I didn't even see there's a guard
right here look at that I'm quick
inspected you see that guard there's a
guard right here yeah right there
armored guard
I wonder how fast my pod leaves if I
swap if I swap with that guard with the
armor does he die or does he just go on
my pod goes on my pod
why would you think he died might your
pod leaves okay you just need to flee
can you teleport down that hallway yeah
he won't see you there he's out of his
life side Mary stop but he's got the
filling you're good now right I'm good
now I was hoping to do something more
clever because I need I need this thing
he hasn't he has a key any okay so I was
hoping that and see now my ship is gone
no no shifts it why is the ship still
there I wasn't thinking wrench
I could have remote controlled my pot
away
like
we do it
of rescue someone
frog Waters's guys I just played Robocop
Yoshi's cookie Zelda - and ghosts and
goblins on my original NES great like I
played for hours it's only 45 minutes
while listening to you know attack on
Titan season two thoughts that's Jack
question I I like to thank on attack on
Titan it was weird
a lot of a lot of interesting stuff good
action I don't super care like about
that as a series cuz you know it's a lot
of a lot of anime tropes where it's
super overdramatic and it's long
stretches of people yelling at each
other and not looking at cool things but
you know
fine
Oh motherfucker
Hey Oh motherfucker
could they merge this with FTL wait a
minute where sometimes you can have
ship-to-ship combat Oh dog yeah gosh
dang it even I've already asked that
question
I'm being incredibly reckless
bigger it's a bit sue says if you play
lots of missions on one guy the gear
snowball makes the game too easy so you
get less liberation XP that's the
incentive for retirement
Oh clue your personal mission early and
reset quad wrench okay
I gotta get back this time problem
thinking about buying planet coaster has
anyone here play it Karen loves it right
now actually did we remember to turn
steam and offline mode did we need not
do that
yeah you're a fine we're off alone okay
but I mean in as far as just steam being
connected to the Internet
shit all right Sarah okay it's gonna be
mad at you probably well she would have
texted you right
texts we were supposed to play an
offline mode like too polite to say
anything while we're streaming cuz she
thinks we needed to be steamed in online
mode we don't we were supposed to turn
it off letting the mode so Karen could
play planet coaster did you text you
turned off gone offline mode right now
how long ago did she text you
not too long ago okay hold on everybody
let's see if this fuck's up the game
it might sorry Karen if you listen to
this later oh yeah this shit on the game
they they released the planet coaster
Halloween stuff and she's all about that
Oh oh darn for the lay for if we're
gonna how much song do you want to go I
don't know look I got nothing to do at
home she's gonna be busy playing planet
coaster so because now we can't play
heat signature because it's my game and
you're no longer connected
oh no no so but I'm pretty sure you'd be
able to play XCOM - if you would like -
all right all right oh no because
because we are in offline mode we are
unable to play heat signature
