Episode 864
XCOM Hotcock
September 30, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1kfh2QrzsrM
___________________________________________

Oh No so but I'm pretty sure you'd be
able to play XCOM 2 if you would like to
work alright alright
oh no because because we are in offline
mode we are unable to play each
signature we are able to play X come to
you though unless she's already mad at
you in which case we log in anywhere
because there's no repairing that she's
already mad there's no turning back
we have to play one of your games all
right that we you there yeah there's no
there's no going around it right this
would be a nice test for forex blood
we'll see if it if it goes straight to
the game we did we did set it up to
automatically detect to the game so yeah
we will see you so far though we're
still at 0 dropped frames which is
frankly I mean by the way how does the
stream look for you guys does it look
the same
does it look better you know like where
do I go to change these no no it's it's
just there no no the text Oh
everything's fine here
great noticeably better on my PC well
great
how do I know that even fits perfectly
boom it's great
boom it's great great you love new
layout great I'm glad you know what I
like this new layout to change it in
though oh and Chetty yeah yeah I do
you know what I do and I will
and I'm doing game XCOM to war of the
chosen let's add that's favorites
yeah it's true
someone lloyd beets is saying in chat so
just for the record having stopped
playing heat signature for your stream
that is your job so that someone
somewhere else could play a different
game is kind of lame
yes the only reason I went along with it
is because I was getting a little tired
of it
okay is that okay what I do find is that
heat signature for me will hold my
attention for probably a good hour at a
time after that I really wane interest
until now to load the right game so oh
yeah that's right time to load up my
play whatever you want ma'am was the
game I've been playing and I mean I'm a
spare time also like making sure that
you know Karen isn't mad at rich is
important for Rich's well-being and
therefore the streams well-being Hugh
Hefner has died old old people do that
yeah I look at rich
it's the center yeah the game is there
quality quality I'm kind of like an
expert tells you what well you have to
had quite a life
arguably the best yeah I I think many
people would try to would I would be
hard-pressed to find anything anything
bad about that man's life like how do
you feel bad about you having a passing
know what could have gone better for you
Hefner
like even recently they're like just a
couple years ago there's a lovely
twitter exchange with him and like a
rapper yeah and the rapper was like hey
Hugh how'd you get so many bitches and
you know yeah and he responded with like
well firstly I have many girlfriends
because I don't call them bitches you'll
find that a little respect goes along
right now Hugh fucking man I hope you
have there's life flashes before my eyes
when I die we'd all be that lucky man
we'd all be that lucky that'd be great
Hugh is all like oh she couldn't see
anyone going into overwatch clearly a
man who has a lot of respect for women
yes I think he does like I was the
tasteful one right playboy was the
tasteful one and you know as far as I
know I guess I you know made master you
know he never forced anyone to do it
he always you know treated his bunnies
very well as far as I was as far as I
know
he helps thousands of women become rich
absolutely started many a career this is
true
riding the bullet I haven't seen it yet
I'll watch it soon enough
see which Star Trek now rich talked
about it earlier I'm done talking about
it
I'm telling breathe go go back and watch
the bit I think it was right near the
beginning of the stream too so just go
back and start the stream over later
when we're all done and you'll hear
Rich's thoughts about it we'll talk more
about it after I see it and then we can
talk a little more in depth get a little
spoilery but yeah clap that fork
that's not bad oh that's not bad at all
confirms on the move
runnin and gunnin let's see here
rickets 47 says few in rlm could do the
most pushups rich you're awesome and
you're the best part of our LM thank you
right Jay we're gonna ask the answer
honestly I don't know probably Jay
bigger and bigger
it's sub it's ooh whatever
if you play a lots of missions as the oh
we said that one great great so what's
this mission what do you got to do oh we
got ambushed on a covert mission so we
have to get to the extraction point okay
cool
yeah so saying everybody's super excited
about children about the official spooky
time coming there is uh add a couple of
the independent movie theaters they're
doing just spooky Tober all over the
place like every week every weekend in
October showing new scary movies on the
big screen
rich to put beat allusive own ice cream
please yeah nice pretty excited about
that jaye Jaye's excited about some
other movies that I've never heard of
before that he swears at the best movies
ever but but those J movies you never
know yeah bunch a bunch of movie
theaters the the Athlon and the rosebud
are doing a whole like they're playing
the Evil Dead 1981 the original evil day
not Evil Dead 2 the Evil Dead and over
at the Rose well I know it's more fun to
watch chief of it too but still to see
Evil Dead on the big screen right oh
yeah yeah to see that garbage movie on
the big screen
but slow unsteady don't want to run into
an alien while I'm foul wasted half my
ammo shooting lost that would be bad oh
yeah Jack if you kept playing Metroid on
the 3d yes yes I have which reminds me I
left my charger here oh oh that must be
a nightmare so I haven't been playing it
because I ran out of batteries oh my god
should have called me come over here and
grab the battery for you jack I love the
charger here but I have been playing it
and it's still a game that I enjoy it's
getting a little it's getting a little
repetitive alright we can get out of
here without alerting the Andromeda I
mean we will probably learn I'm running
here but it won't matter
we'll be sure we'll be at the exit good
night so dank earth of whale so yeah
it's getting to that point of me it's
just hitting like a little repetitive
and I find myself getting lost
frequently only because I haven't
figured out the get out of here puzzle
that they've presented to me yeah I mean
I like it it's a so the action never
gets never gets old and I love that
counter system i overall I'm really
happy to have it to be playing it I'll
probably stop you know like I said you
golf story comes out that's I run really
excited quite golf story
it just looks is that exclusive to the
switch that's a great question
what do we know about golf story
everyone know evac all mod rich I have
heard I a while ago I don't know it's
been a proof since that that broke
something I forgot one but I looked into
that mod like a year ago you know when
this game came out I looked into that
mod and I heard somebody say well that
fucks something up and I forgot what it
was
yet we did not talk about the new Star
Trek yet because they did not release a
new Star Trek they released a new
grimdark
from a black space shoot show that in
that in no way that isn't superficial
resemble Star Trek as yeah yes it is
exclusive to this which comes out
tomorrow and word on the street to
change the subject is that stardew
valley has been approved by nintendo and
they're just working on their release
date so we have some stuff to play look
at your armor yeah kind of looks dumb
yeah I'll be honest with you just the
helmet well look at the codpiece the
helmets kind of dumb
Jack this embed looks like shit I don't
know what that means
what am back what's an embed help me out
here help me out here because sometimes
you guys say things that I don't quite
understand someone sent us a text and it
was it was like mostly letters or a
tweet someone send us a tweet and it was
are you watching
RW on t RW and I was like what English
and hours later like oh you missed this
guy he was streaming on Twitch and I was
like you should have said something
idiot idiot
oh you were joking these tired soldiers
from the fatigue system oh oh my god so
many titles you got it you have to make
they're all fuckin every single one of
them they're exhausted Jackie ah look at
him
I know I knew you'd like my robot oh I
love him okay and the mission you get
him this is one of the old DLC is not
the not the warrior chosen uh-huh
there's a special mission that you go on
to get this robot and the enemy for that
mission is this evil AI okay the evil AI
wants this body for himself well yeah
it's a cool body when you win the
mission okay you you earn this robot and
you can change his voice to the evil AI
who has been partially reprogrammed and
forced to serve XCOM it's kind of great
that's super great oh my god I love him
and like so what class is here he's a
robot class just a whole new class
that's great
Julian that's the name of the AI sure
he's kind of he's kind of a jerk
definitely isn't like that he's being
forced to serve XCOM fiery fiery dog
poop yes rich is using the Julian place
they just said my trophy room I've got
two of the chosen dead one more to go
and I'm not doing it right now because
everybody is tired in this game
sir blandly good luck to you I have fun
watching Star Trek
is that the last chosen yeah he's
taunting you yeah
he's taunting you rich he's the least
annoying of them which is why he's still
alive michael says you've probably
answered this before but what game do
you recommend to start with if you want
to get into X come uh probably the you
the first of the reboot enemy Unknown
yeah sure you can probably eat it for
really cheap yeah yeah yeah all right
that's fair not not for story reasons
just for not being hit in the face with
too much all at once sure it's a first
you know relatively speaking just
natural evolution
XCOM enemy Unknown a little bit simpler
and do that is that is enemy Unknown
does the same as enemy within or enemy
within is the expansion they released
for enemy Unknown okay I guess you could
start with enemy within fight okay well
I want to make sure we're clear so start
with XCOM one either enemy Unknown or
enemy within was it nope uh yeah
continue training totally and no crime
here kind of morbid having the heads of
Saint Seiya sentient beings on your wall
I know but they do it maybe maybe
they're just like plaster casts like the
people are dead I think that they're the
actual hands that's that's that's
weirder that's the Reaper faction and
more of the chosen
they eat the aliens that's that's their
solution to their their war torrente
starvation problems they cook and eat
the aliens that they kill
it's war it's uh you know it's war you
gotta you gotta make some some tough
decisions so it's discovery deadly I'm
gonna give it another couple episodes
because it seems like the other two
episodes might be something entirely
different because the pilot wasn't
really a pilot it was a preamble to a
pilot you know sometimes it takes a life
for a show to find research unusual
appearance it's somehow directly
connected to its notable psionic
aptitude but you gotta know when to quit
rich as it is your time is a valuable
couple more episodes yeah the CBS all
access they'll only get me for a fucking
month yeah that's fair well you know I
see a lot of ability and I'm a colonel
Orville - and like or Orville also has a
lot of problems it does it rhymes with
Beck MacFarlane though it feels a lot
more like a Star Trek show the discovery
does it does it does they're generally
doing clever things they're dealing with
big themes they're delving into alien
civilization alien culture yeah no it
feels more like a Star Trek fan film
that it does an evolution of Star Trek
it's not terrible that's not terrible I
know it's not the worst not world it's
just you know like I like Star Trek
continues the acting is awful but Star
Trek continues is great the irvil does
have better acting the Star Trek
continues its like the Orville is like
the absolute best Star Trek fan film
sure
alright I'm done with that that Seth
MacFarlane had himself starring because
it's a fan film you have yourself star
in the family yes yes because that's
your fantasy Tiberius Kirk says tomorrow
is the next generations 30th anniversary
and the holodecks is second anniversary
so we're doing an all next generation so
show starting an hour early to get one
episode from every season in gonna be
fun
that sounds great Tiberius for those who
don't know the the movie dicks and in
this case the holodecks when we're not
streaming a hijack our chat and watch in
this case Star Trek The Next Generation
episodes if you want to watch with them
they give you how to watch them and then
you can chat with other people who is
not tired who was not tired
who was that tired
and Len flex in ski says with Star Trek
beyond being a fun movie
Star Trek beyond being a fun movie and
more in the spirit of the original than
the first two movies a lot of people
this is not bad yeah this begs the
question why was Simon Pegg not hired to
write the movies from the beginning I
don't know it's very simple Simon Pegg
is not a bankable writer while like we
enjoy Simon Pegg he if you let's let's
let's take a little journey here down
memory lane and look at Star Trek the
Star Trek
right
let's see here Oh Star Trek let's see
who wrote that later
so Robert Orci and Alex Kurtzman who did
that what did they do amazing spider-man
transformers I did some shit but they
did some shit that made money they wrote
some shit that ended up making money so
they were Bank of little blighters
transformers yep that's what they did
so that's why they got hired to reboot
the franchise Simon Pegg while a very
talented writer didn't necessarily have
the back catalogue or C and the other
guy I'm sure were very keen on listening
to Studio notes oh yeah we can make that
happen whatever you guys need
whereas someone like Simon Pegg might
have been a little harder to work
Run Fatboy Run is an adapted work
originally written by Michael Ian Black
so simon pegg didn't write that he just
loved simon pegg a localized one fat boy
wrong he didn't write it
hehe rewrote it but basically all he did
was move it from Chicago it's a London
so he could make a movie here his house
and that's the real story Oh terrible
all right that's good that's example
lloyd beets I disagree with you about
Lloyd beets says beyond didn't do well
because it was bad
convincing and I just disagree with you
I think
ganz very good fire our acid Jack what
fire or acid what's the benefits acid
burns away Armour great fire does some
debuff down over I'll go with some debug
type stuff that's fair and you know what
it's better that you do that because I
definitely would have said ass so player
because you don't want to take my advice
my gun with both I'll give her two
grenades
yeah I think V I think beyond commercial
failing was mostly because people did
not like into darkness and they were
hesitant to plop down some more money to
see another one of these movies I don't
know if this cost a turn to use
I haven't used this yet
No
Oh
two things
Nate stole Jack to get there hacking up
sure sure
and medkit to heal people absolutely
absolutely absolutely what you need
drag it around
make it effective against for robotic
apartment now you're gonna have robotic
opponents usually some I forgot I forgot
they have they the sector should be a
list of what you get I forgot
some nasty comes up in freezin I don't
have to worry about it for turn Jack
that's great
Karen wanted to play roller coaster so
they couldn't play heaps that's very
true
it is very true but also I was at the
point where I was done playing it so I'm
I'm happy that rich is playing XCOM cuz
I was done playing with it the chat you
guys seem less enthused about it so I
didn't think that it was that big of a
deal for you it's for me to stop flying
yeah
most of them normally people I know
hated beyond and loved into darkness I
don't know man
I can't yeah like we can't account for
people's taste
it's the dumbing down of Star Trek they
didn't like it because Spock didn't
scream into Benishek frozen zoo drama
drama - screaming screaming his drama
yeah yeah you look down what are you
gonna do
conversation is better with rich playing
yes I could see that is I don't talk
much play I'm just zooming that's the
point
I think so I can accept that
I don't know about that
you're better a general chitchat I do
you know I just talk a lot Mike I don't
know if I'm better at chitchat I just I
just say things
into darkness have the ham-fisted
terrorism theme that tapped a lot of
American dumbasses yeah sure sure I
don't know all I know is I didn't much
care for into darkness and I love to be
it's all I know is I don't know he's no
more
you know what's his star trek demeaning
SiC motorcycle tricks and Beastie Boys
I never said beyond was the best thing
that Star Trek has ever done that's true
yes I've said it's probably been the
best of the JJ tricks which is a
different thing but that's a different
bar to pass over absolutely absolutely
and honestly the The Beastie Boys was a
nice jab at the Beastie Boys in the
other movies blowing up the the ships by
playing the Beastie Boys yeah
was it there's a nice riff on them using
the Beastie Boys in the JH record way
Darryl Curtis steal the cars playing the
Beastie Boys Oh was it yeah oh there's a
reference to that joke now we use it
with song but using it with more purpose
oh okay nearby there's a group of
resistance soldiers hunkered down not
far from your position
oh I was cute but the the ships blown up
The Beastie Boys oh that's cute and it
had a purpose and it was clever and you
know they it was a Star Trek II thing
that it was cute
I should bring a robot
he doesn't get tired I know I should
have I wasn't thinking about it I should
have brought the Rope I always bring a
robot I meant that literally got the
robot always be bringing robots kbbr
that's a saying you should know you
can't stand the beastie boys well then
we agree we disagree on another thing
because I like to be Savoy's but you
know what I can understand that they're
an acquired taste wait they have a very
specific sound The Beastie Boys and if
you're not into them you're just not
into them but man how can you not love
ill communication how can you not love
Paul's Boutique
shredded yeah I've got an assault with
the shredding handle it's kind of nice
yeah especially against the Big Daddies
oh nice you go resistance troops holy
shit they're kicking ass got the shots
still do damage you're gonna stir this
guy
38% chance
oh no that's pretty bad I'll probably
miss only hit him anyway and I wasn't
even a Miss and a critical that was a
critical melon round that was amazing
I've got I've got I got ammo on him that
greatly increases crit chance well I
think it fucking worked guys are kicking
asses and taking it you guys aren't even
worried about taking names they're
kicking so much ass we ran out of paper
with the paper that they used to take
the names of all the asses that they
kicked but I see I see that's what I was
going for rich thoughts on this my kids
movies I've seen most of the Spy Kids
movies only because I have children and
they're not good but they're fascinating
they're kind of they're kind of
interesting like especially if you know
the history of Robert Rodriguez as an
independent filmmaker like that's when
he started just making another crit holy
fuck rich The Spy Kids movies whereas
when he just started making movies out
of his be harsh because he discovered
green screens so he just built a giant
green screen garage place it's like fuck
it guys we're making the movie here fuck
everything else and so they're either
really fascinating from a just from a
production standpoint they're they're
bad movies overall but
but pretty interesting
Jesus Christ oh did you want that cover
too bad
but nothing directs what the fuck is
Robert Rodriguez's problem he makes Spy
Kids but not direct a predator movie
Robert Rodriguez does whatever the fuck
he wants and if he felt like the studio
was interfering too much or he wasn't
gonna be able to shoot the whole thing
on a green-screen like he doesn't care
he does he just does his thing and you
got to get out of his way if you ever if
you ever like won a production book to
read read rebel without a crew by Robert
Rodriguez about his early days making
his independent DIY films really fun
read if you've ever seen a mariachi it's
good stuff good stuff
three-three better off of that do a
strike he didn't want to move away from
his family so he couldn't shoot predator
only producible right yeah he does
whatever he wants and sometimes that
means he doesn't make good movies but it
doesn't matter
apparently the dual strike doesn't
register the thing I have in the shotgun
that makes it do damage you and if you
miss hmm interesting interesting
I am Chester if you're sending
raspberry-pi cases just said what a rich
oh yeah that's till dawn since it was
fantastic I enjoy actually even his
schlocky er what was to pick that up I
was one of the desperado sequels Once
Upon a Time in Mexico have you ever did
you ever see that a long time ago but
yes and that is schlock central with
with Johnny Depp hamming it up but I
even like those movies it was
your sniper you can stay back almería
like el mariachis have really
interesting movie like watch you know
that's one of those movies were you know
you watch Evil Dead and then Evil Dead 2
to kind of figure out all the lessons
they learned from the first movie and
with Robert Rodriguez you watch
desperado and then you watch El Mariachi
you don't reverse well I suppose you do
the same with you watch evil 2 to first
and then you go back sorry I misspoke
Izzy you watch evil did 2 person you go
back and watch evil then you you see all
the little seeds and it's the same with
desperado in El Mariachi you just see
where he was going with it but he didn't
have the know-how the time or the budget
so so it's it's if you're into film
production it's a it's a great a great
little a great evening mariachi
El Mariachi was shot in sequence and all
first takes says Lloyd beats that does
not surprise me probably more to do with
not having money for film honestly it's
not a it's not an artistic choice right
oh sure and then and like also that'll
save a ton of time editing literally
take everything we have and cut it in in
order
boom
so it's it's it's fun he's a fun he's a
fun filmmaker not always a good
filmmaker but a fun filmmaker who was
made for like $7,000 I believe it you
know his Robert Rodriguez's thing is if
you want to make a movie all you have to
do is think before you write the script
you look around and you see what you
have and then whatever you have you
write a script that was Robert
Rodriguez's thing and so you know what
he had it sounds familiar actually
that's yep Robert Rodriguez had a guitar
case and a turtle that's it and so so
he's like what's the coolest thing I can
do with a guitar case okay it's filled
with guns
Kevin Smith he had access to a
convenience store he wrote himself a
movie about being in a convenience store
that's it that was Antonio Banderas and
both of those right no read cast after
cast Oh cuz I wasn't and it was not into
any of it okay you know I was wondering
about I was wondering about that
ya know just a no-name no-name actor
these guys have to be on site and soon
right
but you got the money to make it by
being in medical experiments
god bless him yes desperado was a remake
of el Mariachi it was it was him taking
this one idea and refining it which is
like like I said so you watch you watch
desperado then go back and watch al
mariachi and you get to see all the
scenes it's great and then the next day
you watch Evil Dead to go back and watch
Evil Dead see the seeds
cinnamon I know like there are slight
references to the first film but it is
essentially a remake
there we go oh yeah now kitchen look
you're a pink bullets do not harm me
that's that's fucking chosen weapon let
that painful
schmuck
all right you got a team of SHM Ickx
got a team of brutal killers Jack endo
crumb rich do unexplained tender ground
y-you missed with 740 there's a
augmentation or something like that on
the weapon yeah that miss shot still do
a little bit of damage that result down
that's what I need that's what I need
epitaxy açaí know about ruiner it
looks it looks really interesting I just
felt like playing heat signature tonight
as always there are too many games to
play and yes there was the resistance
soldiers who I'm not controlling our
overpower this kind of insane how good
their aim is there hey there on the
front line every day rich I want
whoever's training them to train my XCOM
troops
I am jester says once upon a time in
Mexico was a mess but a glorious yes it
was it's a it's that kind of mess it's
like when you go into someone's house
and there are border where you're just
like whoa this is a mess we need to take
in
once upon a time in Mexico what a dolt
what a delicious mess honey points it
out one two
ten
well you have a hundred percent yeah but
it might not kill him why not he's that
that thing's got a lot of health
relative to what that shotgun could do
it's got also got a point of our movie
the shotgun does eight to ten damage or
every night I mean I'd like ten to
twelve damage or something like that and
that chrysalids got like eleven health
is right in the fuckin middle
it's a risky shot to take if I want to
kill him but I thought all of his bits
were gone that's like the best possible
the way they do it that's the best
possible scenario oh yeah I figured that
would be at least weekend doesn't matter
he's gonna be done the farce awakens
says have either of you seen dollhouse I
just finished it for the first time in
damn that was what the shitty Matrix
sequels should have done thanks for
trucking um tonight and do an ex-con to
I have not seen dollhouse I'm sorry
alright good the trick is usually you
see dollhouse no they go sorry it's not
the the TV show I assume it's the TV
show there's a TV show dollhouse
yeah I'm assuming that's what they're
talking about yeah have you ever seen
let's do this heading out
I'm in a bad spot the Eliza Dushku show
yeah yeah that's what I thought your
school is that worried yeah that's what
her name is
Dushku heck of a name Dushku
seventy-five
that will kill more
hi just killing everyone I love it
something cathartic rich about you
you've grown your soldiers you've raised
them well yeah yeah you've provided for
them and now it's time for the payback
Chad this is commander difficulty okay
it's like that the third of the four
difficulty rolls yep it's not super
hardcore Rosa big rich a bkj studio
since I don't have the patience for
turn-based games any recommendations
XCOM you say like this is kind of the
best of both worlds where it's turn
based but you also blow up alien from
turn-based games I actually love the
pacing on these next on the new XCOM
games specifically the old XCOM is very
much micromanaging this may be what it
is a good turn-based game
I'd say Master of Orion too but not if
you're impatient really not if you're
impatient yeah but like this this has a
lot of momentum to it there's a lot of
violence there's oh there's some fun
stuff here and an ex-cop and even just
the 3d first month
helps keep you engaged even if you're
impatient
I agree Landon Wonder Woman is a fun
movie - the final boss fight crazed I
enjoy that I know that's that's out now
on DVD and blu-ray and stuff I'm
thinking about watching that again Brent
it went in it renting it over the
weekend given that another watch
dudes help me no it's too easy can you
guys uh you guys want to hop on the
plane with me and you know you can go on
some more missions yeah it's my go kill
aliens no I got some food and shit you
can come to my secret base how many
world is the only three Doug freshy says
do you guys have a Doug freshy wait do
you guys have a harder time now finding
good bad movies with the internet
compared to the VHS glory days no wait
if we have bad movies coming out of her
house but yeah they're not newer ones
they're all they've made so many shitty
movies that we've got we've got enough
80s and 70s movies and 90s movies to
last us till the end of time oh yeah and
it end with the internet it's easier to
find new ones you know we were we were
doing a we were filming the best of the
worst a little bit ago and you know we
saw a trailer for another movie and it
looked gloriously bad so like before the
trailer was over we had already
purchased it on eBay and it was coming
to us like the Internet is a glorious
thing for purveyors of terrible movies
the glories of I've got a deer who's
SPECT to have a higher than normal aim
look at that look at that that's a one
hundred percent chance to hit that's
great we went with a goddamn Gatling gun
a laser a plasma Gatling gun now I was
gonna say not just a Gatling gun rich
fuckin lasers I love her I will take
this moment to point out the stream
pedal is John hot cock no the stream
pedal is X come hot cock at the moment I
changed the stream title for XCOM hot
cock so we change it from John hot cock
Jesus fuck how many serials have you got
rich yeah well it's no shock that that I
focus attention on soldiers who get that
bonus perk mm-hmm best perk in the game
do you realize you're hoarding of new
key has pushed up the price of copies on
eBay seriously we can't help that we
cannot help that I'm sorry
it was easy no no that was that's too
easy
yeah I'm I'm a little bit let down I'm a
little bit let down that was a
retaliation mission that should've been
a challenge
I remember you fretting about that
before you went on the mist oh
everybody's tired I can't we should have
brought the robot the retaliation if you
get the ones that have the soldiers on
the ground that aren't yours that's new
to war of the chosen they didn't have
that in the last concert right I didn't
you were the only people running around
with guns yeah on your side
interesting connect in like the
resistance troops like get spooked and
shoot you by mistake I've never seen
that happen
after a mission like that spirit they're
gonna be high you don't do sandwich I
didn't grow up with these kinds of games
either like this is turn-based tactical
strategy games yeah wouldn't say I grew
up with him like a lot of them I've been
playing every once in a while I'll still
pick up I got invisible ink or my
efforts good to know I think that's a
really great achievement across pick it
up do it do a couple sneaky missions
there we go easy I got so many supplies
it's a joke
that's 651 where the supplies right now
I got 736 coming in every month oh
that's great I got I got supplies of
literally falling out of my asshole
oh oh oh why don't I use some of them
great bran flakes five four five four
seven says hey Jack and rich thanks for
the punch dreams have either of you
heard of paladin of paladin's on Steam
of what paladin's it's a quote-unquote
overwatch clone but released the same
time as overwatch and free-to-play
I never heard never heard of paladin's
I'm very sorry I was probably caught up
in the overwatch hype because I play it
kind of overwatch so everybody read the
new comic the Zarya comic today sorry I
overwatch comic
yeah there's a there's a new Zarya comic
out a little more backstory if you
remember for the Sombra for the somber
video we got a little teaser some Zarya
involvement commander the factions have
ready proposals for various covert
missions then with me since the early
game he still doesn't have a friend this
cohesion with everyone was so low I had
to just put him on a mission
specifically to raise the friendship
level didn't to get him a soldier bond
but just look at I mean look it like
it's like you wear outfits like that no
one's gonna want to talk to you very low
yeah 1.9 that's the one I got him bonded
with yeah my fuck I'm just gonna do all
of their bond raising via those covert
missions are you gonna do a blood bowl
stream uh you know I played a little bit
of Blood Bowl and and kind of liked it
it didn't super stick with me it's
interesting the Blood Bowl is like the
is like turn-based tactics but with
football and ogres so I played a little
bit of Blood Bowl 2 and it hasn't stuck
with me as much as other recent games so
it is pointing oh there you go so now
yeah now you can rotate the camera a
little bit no oh you got to make a point
oh hold on I'm just want to see what I
want to see my options are oh there you
go that's a different point I like that
I like the idea of one of them pointing
and the other one shooting at what
they're pointing at
well that's holding something in their
hand
that's not pointing at all what's the
other one where she then had a gun up
and was like I think they're too similar
oh no no when you go back
that one yeah see now she's that now if
she's pointing she's calling out they're
both they're both ducking and pointing
up doing something forward it's just too
similar okay all right I think this is
the way to go
epidemic says does it take long to get
used to the janky car movement in rocket
League janky either
what do you mean janky epitaxy cuz I I I
don't quite
I don't quite feel that it's janky it's
really smooth and fast and I described
to me janky
to me rocket League moves really smooth
let's sit here
unless you unless you're accidentally
holding the handbrake all the time then
you would slide around so that could be
it
classic brick wall cool flames
we go that's nice
describe to me the beef jerkey yep this
is a weird addition to the game people
are saying create your own propaganda
posters yeah I cuz it's neat don't need
to do it it's just stuff to goof around
with there you go yeah there you go too
much at that
yeah yeah yeah
so yeah backs I'm not go away apparently
I'm supposed to use a gamepad it's
making a true propaganda poster oh yeah
I think I think rocket League works best
with a gamepad I would I would say about
a hundred percent Oh
rise up nice
I think Richard even agree with that
rich rocket League game ed yeah yeah
yeah yeah I got to use the gamepad use
whatever you feel comfortable with but I
don't mind using a gamepad for the
rocket leagues I think I think it would
be harder to use mouse and keyboard for
rocket League
I think game pads the way to go let's
complementary to purple cream right yeah
we got a dark purple so you gotta get a
dark green
I only have so many darkness options
check
rise they're saying rise up is redundant
I decide that it's redundant but I like
rise up is a good message
- bride
I guess no filter
but basically this is this is fire fire
axis Firaxis saying hey you know what
the kids like Instagram filters let's uh
let's just make them uh kids uh seem to
really like taking pictures and putting
filters on
that's fine that's a great that's a
great propaganda picture rise up the
ultimate fireteam where they just kind
of good friends they're not even that
good of friends these two people
basically we have a large team here and
they're the only two that can kind of
stand each other so they go on missions
together got a covert mission out what
do we need
well Chernobyl kinsmen I agree it's just
like customizing your soldier where
there's no real gameplay benefit to it
but this helps with that emergent
storytelling where you have two soldiers
who end up bonding who go on missions
together you create the posters and it
helps build the world for you yes so
while it's it's not directly related to
any gameplay mechanic here's why it's
not here's why it's not annoying you
don't have to touch it right right it's
just there and you can ignore it mm-hmm
but it adds to the story that you're
making out these two resistance fighters
but I mean look we just made up a story
about how it like very they can barely
tolerate each other and like that's fun
that's something they'll stick with you
in the game automatically appropriate
yeah the propaganda posters oh yeah
those are fun
Pepa doc says okay I just tried playing
with a gamepad for a bit it's way
smoother and your control your speed
much better yes there you go up addicts
glad we could help
I talk about the virtues of mouse and
keyboard I'm usually talking about games
where you're aiming somewhere you're
driving yeah yeah controller windows
finds there's a good option for that
agree
yes
oh yeah dougie fresh we know about all
the months to this game just last night
just last time we played we were taking
a look at all the artificial limb mods
that you can add to your soldiers I was
having a great time playing dress-up
just the best yeah they they really
opened it up with the Steam Workshop
just hey whatever you guys want to do
we're cool ok ok
every mission there is a chance that a
resistance soldier will join the XCOM
squad boom boom that's exactly what you
need
I would love to I don't have that in
this playthrough I would love to have
the lost headshot one that would make my
life a lot simpler whilst I have one hit
just you just have to hit them wait
that's it why did that not show up in
this playthrough it's random oh I just
thought that was a lost thing you get
those perks randomly oh I did I figured
that was just like how the lost works no
oh shit well you can keep if you kill
them you can keep shooting at the loss
but yeah yeah if you don't take off
enough of their health your turn ends if
you have that perk as long as you hit
them they die and you can keep shooting
it loss right right I thought that's
just how the lost worked I don't know
that was a perk no you they have health
right yeah yeah if you can't kill them
with that shot you don't get to keep
shooting it lost more right
rich I hate the chosen as characters
Evan sure likes kicking their asses in
game I don't mind them from a gameplay
perspective mm-hmm what the concept of
these these kind of rival monster bosses
who come in and harass you when they're
hunting you down that's a good concept
it has nothing to do with the way
they're written basically the only mod
you want is to remove all of their
cutscene and dialogue so there's an
option to turn off miscellaneous
dialogue but I just want to shut them up
not everyone else
I just want to shut them up right strike
VIP huh 9 that sounds deceptively low
what do you mean like there's more gonna
show up
yep Chozen was gonna show up I don't
know just coming on this take the robot
take the robot I don't want to take them
away but what is your but what is your
tiredness work you're fine that's right
Luis Verde to any potential
XCOM to modders out there get all up on
that shut up chosen mod rich will
download it and like it and subscribe to
it this is just take out the chosen
dialogue well that's what they're saying
if there are any modders listening
that's what we want
I think this there might be something
like that I just haven't I don't have an
insult writer for whatever stupid reason
okay
figure it out rich
at all take a look at my resistance ring
sure that's good that's good all right I
don't have to worry about the aliens
making any kind of progress on the
Avatar project this month oh great
form soldier soldier form soldier bond
all right so here's my strategizing mind
those two soldiers who aren't compatible
and I'm kind of forcing them to be
because I would like them to have the
benefits of having a bond in soldier I
was gonna bring them on this mission
okay I'm not gonna do that now because
I'm worried they'll be too tired to go
on that little covert op sure the next
time I can do a covert op okay that's
right that's why I came here to check
again have your fingers in all the pies
dad you gotta fingers in all the pies
listen call me Werth time to play
dress-up again no no yeah not in this
not on this file jam you're not you're
not making my soldiers look hideous
I uh I have a rigid dress code going on
right now it reminds me of like when one
of my kids want to do something but I
don't want him to mess with my stuff
give them something that's clearly less
than you know we have so we have some
really nice colored pencils at home but
they have their own colored pencils that
are all like half broken and you use
your own colored pencils I got this
whole blueish green thing going on and
you're not fucking that up because you
want to give somebody a mohawk and a
smoking pipe uh-huh wait can I give
someone a smoke you don't think they
have that oh that's something they need
to add no I understand completely
this is this is your game this is
the Barbie dress-up XCOM screams over
next time we play this and I'm not using
my personal game that I've been playing
at home on my off time yes yeah yeah we
have it we have a save file that has
people from the chat yeah yeah there
that's the one that I'm allowed to play
with
I mean rich still goes on the missions
all the tactical stuff but I get to
dress up the silver which frankly is the
part that I like anyway so
that is it the the smoking pipe is a
great idea
it's a team effort it is cuz you know
what the soldiers still need outfits so
I'll put them in their outfits original
Tom Huus you it'll be great
some of my soldiers are hipsters too
sure I get we I'm going for a hot
chapati rich-rich has a strict uniform
policy yeah I like a little yeah I just
want to make weird thing solders
early-game just the crazy ragtag
resistance group they can wear whatever
yeah I'll be there's no there's a strict
dress code then well it's like it once I
start getting the nice armor we're a
unit now sure sure
we're we're in the uniform we have the
color scheme
good night Lloyd boots good night you
have no interest in playing actual echo
no you know like I am too all the way he
tried it he tried it I got I made it I
know you meant I mean you gave the game
a shot oh yeah you didn't just miss it
out of turn and it's yeah it's just not
my thing I would like it to be my thing
I know there's a lot of enjoyment to be
had out of it but overall I think it's
just not for me I get I understand
completely though how someone could be
absolutely obsessed with this game
absolutely yeah so I'm like
unquestionably obsessed with this game
how obsessed can you get through this
game how obsessed can you get what you
got like what you got like this much
obsessed
that's how obsessed I want soldiers who
I don't want to use on the next mission
right who aren't tired and this is
difficult
yeah it's difficult like I want to use
him on the night I'm gonna hold you to
that other DLC mission max but I haven't
done before okay so I don't wanna use
him I I don't want to use my absolutely
fuckin badass Irish grenadiers yeah
she's great she's fucking awesome
but she also should rest
she all said she needs like look at this
she needs to resume or the next mission
all right
you could take you but then your bond
partner here is tired so I don't want oh
yeah that goes yellow too
now I need some half-decent rooster
coming
it's your tire that's mine okay
see the fatigue system it also makes for
a bit more work when you're deciding who
goes on what mission
but it's DEP it comes at cost right it
comes this it's depth that comes at a
cost
well you talked about this earlier it's
it comes to the cost of you of you
bonding with your phone yes yeah because
you don't have old reliable yeah you
don't have sharp shots she was you be on
every fucking mission him and her yeah
just kick an ass together right I never
mission I could but they want you to
take this X yeah yeah I get it I get it
and you're a little bit tired but you
decent troops and I don't want to go
everyone lower level so you're gonna be
tired after this mission I can deal with
that yeah oh and then the robot Oh ever
guess I grow up I'm not I am not used
I'm not used to the robot and now
because I'm okay here's another thing
because I'm constantly cycling through
different troops I I can't like everyone
always they always have the Astra
grenade well that's my ass I call I
can't bring my ass cremate her dead
person the tired so I'm I also the other
thing I have to do before every mission
I was like well who's not tired and and
thinking ahead well I want this person
to be ready for the next mission sign
out and and so and on top of the
personnel headaches yeah that comes up
fatigue I have to redo the items like
every mission who's carrying water I
redo every damn mission to be fair
though I remember doing that on my
player of X comes to as well just
because I wanted access to everything
yeah I remember always redoing items I
had Sun which is like you're gonna have
this sure you're gonna have this and
you'll what you always happen yeah
how is it that I want to see the third
Thor movie but have no interest in
Justice League
tell that to any comic book fan ten
years ago and they'd laugh II out of
existence right right
you know I don't have a Grenadier it's
dumb do not
Wow
Wow um but but that like that's where we
are that's where we are right now and
yeah Justice League looks dire even
though they've done a million and one
reshoots they've done so many reshoots
that Joss Whedon is now getting a
writing credit which is insane but will
will it be will there be enough justice
leave look League left over to hobble
together a decently but no or three
looks like a lot of fun we're coming up
on that right
then I don't have Ranger oh my god this
is balancing these oh my god it's nuts
it's not as easy as 1 2 3 anymore I
think that might be a good thing and
then um I guess this is a good problem
to have all the Burnet bonus perks I
have no idea who has what oh yeah
surreal is a potential nice how about
targeting
let's go I need the freeze your stay in
scenario
yeah hagas message make some fucking
noise thanks a massive man just relax
just have a good time
shit drink some orange juice they say it
intensifies tracer rounds your name
should already be good committee I'm a
piercing
you can take them oh shit beginner
all right should this be the last one
then the last minute sure sure I mean if
you absolutely need to we leave now you
want to start reading names while I'm
doing those yeah oh but I can't
no magic to this mission how long
exactly
I don't know for sure it's getting late
we'll see how full bar things get
sorry hey I can do this all night
that's what Welling I didn't know like
you know because I know I also know what
Karen's doing tonight he's gonna go home
Karen will still be hip deep in the
planet coaster Halloween
it's fun to see rich struggle to make
decisions of XCOM it's only a matter of
a couple of hundred more hours before
he'll make these decisions with ease
rich I want to say your total number of
time in just XCOM two alone is over two
hundred and you're still you know very
carefully making these decisions I don't
think that careful decision-making goes
away with time Chad I think that's the
part that rich likes this why I've
gotten through the base game on
commander with literally zero losses
literally zero makes time and thinks
about things I have I have had a perfect
XCOM to commander Ironman that's pretty
nice I didn't have to abandon once if I
ride this mission it just was not gonna
happen on sometimes a sometimes the best
strategy is a tactical retreat yes
that's exactly what it was
soldier carrying my tail and rounds that
died so I lost those took a took a while
before I was able to get another set of
talons
right over here
okay the VIPs already with me which is
nice
whatever and nothing
finally spider-man 2 this is homecoming
um oh oh I would prefer a homecoming
though I think spider-man 2 is a very
good movie but homecoming you know watch
why not both
what's both Iron Man 2 vs. spider-man 2
goes to spider-man 2 Iron Man 2 was more
of Iron Man 1.5 like Iron Man 2 was kind
of a half of a movie like the half of
the movie that existed before the
Avengers Iron Man 2 was like oh shit
people like these movies let's quick
make another one
I don't think Iron Man 2 was a mess I
just think it was it was light it was it
just wasn't a lot you know
villain was was unremarkable I mean I
got I know that's like a Marvel thing in
general but the villain was unremarkable
Tony didn't really do much it was you
know kind of a personal journey
it's one of the chosen this mission just
got a little more dangerous stay on top
of its position and try to take it out
to see my spider-man - no spider-man -
dr. octopus we get with a lot of Peter
Mary Jane stuff the the biggest problem
with spider-man 2 was the was the weird
rules connecting his want to be
spider-man and that dictating him having
the spider-man powers that was like
spider-man - fine fine fine
I psyched to bar
I forgot a lot you kind of lost it right
because he doesn't want to be spider-man
anymore because it's messing up a person
and because he doesn't want it it makes
his super strength go away is you know
obviously ridiculous but I also think
that that got a lot right as far as
spider-man was concerned because that is
what a lot of spider-man is it's like
personal drama getting in the way of him
being spider-man I don't think they
handled it perfectly
I think homecoming did a lot of that
better but spider-man 2 is still fine
moving to position
yeah homecoming homecoming is is
absolutely and this I liked the Sam
Raimi's spider-man movies but homecoming
is the best
as ridiculous as man wearing pajamas and
shooting webs out of their wrists
fighting goblins rules were established
he got superpowers it's not ridiculous
cuz that's the MEMS be the rules but
then the rules changed that he could
choose not to have superpowers just by
choosing so yes it is more ridiculous
than a man in pajamas with webs coming
out of his wrists
I'm as graceful as a gazelle yep
he's really called it
let's move already
on your order
that was a good scene I like the intro
from just coming out of nowhere trying
to kill Tony
yeah well I'm like remember they this
was all just like shit this is gonna
work we need to put something out there
while we get the Avengers ready so they
had a little more world building to do
they had a little more setup to do and I
just needed to you know basically Iron
Man 2 was them treading water while they
recalibrated their plans because
initially they have a Hulk movie me and
the Incredible Hulk movie being the
their kind of showpiece for the event
rather than that fell through and
suddenly out of nowhere a character that
was relatively obscure was the most
popular movie ever and they needed to
readjust sometime Davis
so that's what the Iron Man 2 purpose
was for them to tread water it's all a
bunch of behind the scenes sheet
Tiberius Kirk you are incorrect
Incredible Hulk was meant to be part of
the MCU the one with Edward Norton that
was part of the end that it I mean
technically is still part of the MCU
is that helped movie any good I thought
it was pretty boring I thought the
Edward are talking it was fairly boring
I prefer the Angley Hulk movie even
though that one got weird but
live Taylor hasn't showed up since but
who just showed up in a civil war the
bad guy not the bad guy what was it was
the general from movies was the main
Thunderbolt Ross general Ross yeah
these legions of war he's now the
secretary of state or whatever and so in
civil war
I know where you are
punks and we're reading tips I just pick
out we're probably not gonna have enough
time to get to them all at this point
what tips unless you're really know we
just loves being caught up we have a guy
you know all right yeah we are that
shows how much I remember of B
Incredible Hulk The Incredible Hulk is a
really boring movie anonymous says in
talking about Mario Plus Rapids I said
that it's like if Pixar and DreamWorks
teamed up to make a movie it's obvious
which things came up with what does it
feel more like a Nintendo or Ubisoft
movie soft again neither of them have
made a turn-based strategy that I mean
familiar with so it doesn't particularly
feel like either of their games it feels
like XCOM but you jump on people
red
and Tomcats 2096 says enjoy this mere $2
from a pork pants just now I've been
working late on projects and you guys
are great to have around what do you
think about James Cameron's planning a
zillion avatars nobody cares
I know he recently started the filming
I'm the next avatar right I cannot
remember the name of two people from
Avatar
name two characters from the Avatar
movie novel no a character's no I can't
do it nope no no one can no one cares
about those movies
the blue yeah the blue reppin the blue
rabbit and the guy that turned into the
blue rabbit boom
so that's it that's no no no one no one
wants this except for James Cameron and
I don't even know why James Cameron
Rises he's going through his midlife
crisis
no his midlife crisis was diving in the
ocean that's how that's why he made
Titanic so he could dive in the ocean
because that's what he wanted to do
Oh
unobtainium yes the best character from
avatar is unobtanium
got it covered
you can never escape my sight jack thing
is how it was so successful what Stephen
King book are you most interested in a
film adaptation today that's going to
happen I I don't hear about Stephen King
books I think Stephen King's a pretty
spotty writer overall and we already
have the shining oh that's another one
that they're showing during spooky tober
in the movie theaters they're showing
Pet Sematary I don't remember anything
about Pet Sematary which do you I
remember there was a graveyard that
brought a kid back away right my god I
don't remember anything about Pet
Sematary
got me
so but I do I do not care about Stephen
King his writings or his writings that
get at that adapted into movies I hear
it is good I still haven't seen it
because I don't care about it
thank you
yep
burning
this unit is relatively
I already was dumb setting that area on
fire yeah I need to get up there Oh yep
then they'd be really dumb they said
more of it all right
oh you're fine you can go around
it takes yeah I could see what you
wanted
I was a life is shit
good night on qualify barred
dr. smoke trees says Stand By Me The
Shining is sham green miles amidst it
Pet Sematary Carrie Christine yeah who
cares about Stephen King adaptations
exclamation point Farscape now someone
in chat named all the Stephen King
adaptations that are utter garbage
I'll start Tommyknockers Langille ears
Dark Tower just because Stephen King
writes something doesn't mean it's going
to be a good adaptation and remember
Stephen King hated Kubrick's version of
The Shining and fought against it
so that's what like I will wait until
someone says like a like like it I will
probably end up saying because people
say it is a good movie it has nothing to
do with it being a Stephen King
adaptation which I bet if you if you
tallied up all of his adaptations it
might be straight 55th good or not good
now I like Shawshank and I like The
Green Mile God that might have had a
little more to do with the filmmakers
Shawshank is very different from the
book boom
don't forget stand by me I won't forget
stand by me
rich managed to kill two of the other
chosen
surprise
oh nice
shredded acid burn poison
xiu'er VN hero says Stephen King is
prolific he can write a lot quickly that
is what is interesting about him i-i'll
give you that I'll give you that his
output his work ethic has to be admired
the man works he makes it he makes stuff
you need something made he'll make it
see we got here the blue reviews is hey
Jack rich I wanted to say I love the
Lego clean up stream don't take this the
wrong way but it was a good background
stream what are the best things you or
your pigs made from Legos
oh they make stuff all the time
they come out they come up with really
neat ideas my favorite is when we'll
like watch a movie I've here it is one
will watch a movie and then all of a
sudden they need to create whatever it
is they saw in them there's a lot
there's a lot of fun stuff recently
might when my kids were watching me play
Friday the 13th they actually made a
Friday the 13th house like with windows
that the guys could crawl through and we
got a little Lego Jason and they made a
little scene that feels a little like a
car that they could start they'd built
out of Legos like a battery that you
could find it was a glorious little
scent a little Friday the 13th scent so
I really like that about it who's that
person just walking around
and yes biscuit is the best
oh sure
the time oh shit oh that's just the
resistance interview do you take photos
of my kids finished Legos work yes of
course of course I take tons of pictures
chicken flavored chicken not my call
glad to see your east vain attempt at
saving people commander
what are you doing Legos get stuck
together you get the the orange brick
separator yeah a lot of the newer bigger
sets come with a little tool that is
specifically a brick separator if I see
a wedge on one end and it has little
stickers on the other end stickers like
a tour that you can use to kind of pry
your Legos apart if they're if that
doesn't work usually I'll get a knife
and just very gently make you know make
my way into one of the cracks
going
how long is the brick separator been
around a few years now it's great though
it's a great addition
what state did I grew up in I grew up
right here right here in Wisconsin
what's a brick separator it's a it's a
Lego tool and it looks kind of like an
orange wedge tool and it's specifically
meant for separating Lego bricks that
get stuck together like if you have a
1x2 the rectangle that's like 1/2 thick
and you put two of them together they're
really hard to get apart because they're
so small picking apart
that wasn't a resistance open shop
so it's like a butter knife that you pay
for no no you don't pay for it it just
comes with a lot of sense now I suppose
you could pay for it if you wanted to
but it's just a lot of the the sets it
just comes with we have a bunch at home
just randomly because they they've come
with so many cents
No
ready to rock
yeah Jordan I've answered this question
a few times the the quick story is I
first met Mike and Jay when we were in
Milwaukee both making videos I met
everyone Mike and Jay were making videos
and I was making videos and we had a
mutual friend and they needed someone to
act in one of their videos and they said
hey you'll do it and I said sure and we
had a woo kill him in one hit oh now
that was possible
is that your robot yeah so then I
started you know helping them with their
videos they started helping me with my
videos and eventually I met rich cuz he
started coming up
Bathurst I thought I had enough help the
tankers we had to throw at me but nope
yeah
you're coming out with me all right I'm
dumb dude Matt no lien we can save the
names right Kareem that's gonna way
sure yeah yell redneck stream okay
that's fine right that's fine it is
midnight yeah you left the robot robot
the robots dead well the robot robot was
dead injured he's dead I'm Harlan har la
ck
I have like a yellow picture with a
little robot guy with an octopus arm on
it
my friend Louis is whole I think but you
can try to friend me I try to clean it
up every once in a while why are you not
ending fast enough
you did such a bad job with anything I
know no I did a terrible job I failed
the mission Maivia biga died it is and
so the game actually crashed so you
wouldn't so he wouldn't save that it's
gonna restart you
that's part life death as well some
would say it makes the rest now it's a
row
all right all right I'm done all right
hey let's let's see if this other button
works as we are testing out the web
design
how do we actually stop streaming I
don't know but they can probably still
hear us say this I know
well you press this dream button where's
this Oh was that much and in the stream
no that just puts it back there that
didn't end the stream
