Episode 866
Our Cuphead Runneth Over (part 2)
October 3, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pvpN0aa3MtU
___________________________________________

I love how they're using fingers to
shoot not only that like they're not
just using their fingers they're
snapping their fingers like every shot
is a little snap they're like they're
going like that they're like yeah man
classic cool dudes well it looks like
you boys really put them yeah looks like
you boys really put the kibosh on them
didn't you can head on over to the next
time
plenty more mugs for you to lean on this
fly attractor says it's October so why
not a Halloween game stream tip through
the woods it's like fire watch you guys
ever heard of it probably more of a
jacket game Halloween my controller is
haunted we like it we like it overall
it's very simple it's I know like for me
I I'm only a few hours in like maybe
three or four hours in and the game says
I'm close to 50% done you can't read
that I'm sorry let's see here anonymous
says I only have I have only one
complaint for cuphead NPCs refer to you
as two people when in single-player
making it feel like an afterthought yeah
I just don't want to be reminded that I
have no one to play with you know
there's a couple little things like that
oh the candy lady fuck yeah I love this
one she's great I can't wait to get hit
Louise lady
and then she sends out different fucking
candies
so yeah what if I did this one just to
test out what easy mode was oh the candy
corn is going on
no the cupcake guys yeah but the kid
looked like candy corn guy you do it you
don't know where his movements are gonna
go he ain't never he's not the first
time I've ever lost candy corn
so I tried this one on easy mode you can
do any of the things on easy mode if you
defeat them on easy mode while you win
you don't get the devil's contract you
need to do it on normal right and so
like you see how he has his little candy
corn minions they they don't a parole
and the paying nothing the gumball guy
he doesn't shoot out gumball he just
walks back and forth several times
across
Oh every boss battle and Jason you good
you just keep shooting him back I just
love the look of him my favorite part is
is after you defeat him he looks at the
door
easy great we got next so we got nice
jellybean size
oh I hit jump you fuck me shotgun nice
yeah then she starts throwing her head
at you and things get a little this is a
tough one this is a tough unit yeah it's
crazy but it's like the the art style
really does help carry through because
it's all gorgeous
I am fucking candy corn I hate you no
good Nick no good Nick
fuck you jellybeans fucking pink jelly
bean fuck
thank you please don't worry about me
just go for her
Horsham I chose you
boom man with the city douche that soup
tea dupes all the good stuff whoa Motown
just lets you bypass mechanics and later
fights yeah adorable insanity it is it
is adorable insanity nepotism this whole
this whole game it is the look really
makes it Jay fresh too says Jack did you
read the Archer and Armstrong story
escape from gulag three nine six it's
part of Divinity three and their
American feat of freedom fighters since
the Soviet Union won the Cold War and
conquered America
I did not I've actually I'm actually
really behind on Archer and our throne
thank you at the moment and so I haven't
gotten to it I've been I got I got stuck
waiting for the next trade because I
prefer reading them in trade paperback
form and then I got lost so I'm not
up-to-date on Archer and Armstrong but I
will I will catch up
are you gonna play a thimble we'd Park I
I suggested that as a as a voice stream
to rich which one was that simple we
probably that's a new Ron Gilbert
point-and-click adventure game it's like
like an x-files ish okay
so wherever I don't know what do you
want next ah this one's a cute one I
like I like the genie Evan Harris I
haven't done this one oh it's adorable
on my own this is kind of where I got it
Oh candy drop lady and I think that was
the last thing I did hello German
brothers guten tag I don't know anything
these cats a lot of cats
game for the faces
Oh
oh yeah be savory check yeah we said the
soup to do I'm so sorry
you know what I've always avoided that
puff of smoke because I assumed what'll
hurt you because you're a sensible human
being right that puff of smoke should
definitely hurt you you're kind of 1 hp
oh we've been playing like crap I've
noticed that
like everything's previous fucked but
also adorable I've heard of this guy
look at this happy go
you can't stay near the top of the
screen when you're when you're on one HP
the level of difficulty has a
battletoads vibe this is doable
unlike Battletoads this is absolutely if
we fail again there's one thing I want
to do when I'm go to shower I'm at the
shop oh no exits man oh no if we die
again exit the map because there's
something that we need or is there
something that's very helpful in dealing
with this guy I got a vibration
situation
oh good
did you died it has to be yeah probably
not a very long day
no and if it were a like a Super Mario
Brothers original level of difficulty
you would be done with this game hours
right as I'm told already people are
kind of already done
people are already kind of done with
this game in a few hours yeah
so alright tournament all right what do
we need we need
so this is not something we buy at the
shop we buy the shop but we can't get
there yet there is a oh wait wait I may
talk to this guy
good timing fellas I just had an upgrade
done your aeroplanes you can now wall up
your phones with bombs to switch to your
weapon whatever the fancy strikes in try
it out okay
that's what we need okay go for it
because when when that ghost guy comes
out of the sarcophagus you can just hang
up
so yeah bombs as it turns out it's super
what I just touched the head
like this one you can just hang up here
all day yeah maybe well then there's
have a slower fire
what sort of a Borch ain't attend not
enough soup qudoos let's see here brick
Jaeger says this weekend I watched
freaks and geeks hearing excuse me so
many good opinions I was still blown
away with how the hell was this canceled
we're so blown away how the hell was
this canceled what do you think did you
watch freaks and oh my god oh my get hit
by that you know I remember watching
episode a long time ago
nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope
nope we're not even doing that good this
is this is unmitigated disaster of epic
proportions well then you know we talked
about this sometimes about like the
difference between like playing a game
and streaming a game and you know trying
to hold a conversation and just you know
being mentally available for them you
know it's very different
that was that was complete and utter
horseshit I've never seen this much
bullshit gathered together in one spot
yeah can you talk about Star Trek
discover yet I cannot because I have not
seen I have not seen Star Trek - fuck
you fuck you
I've not seen Star Trek discovery yet
I don't I just don't care that much I
guess and you know after Rich's glowing
recommendation its though I might like
it you know
in the bed
boom
what he does
it's fine it's fine we did oh you did oh
okay well don't take the wind out of it
bail
let's see here a true-blue review says
the developer said that the original
idea for cuphead was for it to be just a
boss rush game but after some blowback
they added the platforming levels do you
think that was a good decision yeah
yes I do think that is a good decision
being just a boss rush game isn't the
worst thing in the world but you do need
a bit of a mental breather and so just
something to keep it fresh I think is
important yes I know that was that was
always a problem I had with Titan Quest
that game was all it was all boss rushes
and you know that's fuck me that's kind
of what I wanted from it was like just
something to break up from monotony you
know like the bosses were fun but I
didn't need a little something to break
up the monotony
Titan Souls wait I got hit and I'm still
vibrating did you get hit again Titan
skills that's a boss rush game so uh but
yeah you know like I think mental mental
fatigue is a real thing and so if you're
only doing bosses no matter you know
every boss is different but it doesn't
matter if every boss is different you
still have to you're still just doing
boss battles
hi dad
now there's too much happening that's
how this game works those often times
rich hates the exploration Mario XCOM
though well exploration wasn't the only
way they could have broken things up you
know they could have done something you
know more fun less stupid well you know
what we talked about during the during
the Mario XCOM discussion and and how
they mishandled the the mental fatigue
of just boss battles is how the
exploration in Mario Rabbids had nothing
to do team or gameplay-wise with the
rest of the game whereas the the running
guns sections are perfectly in theme
with the rest of Cup and so they
matically
oh fuck oh I was trying to get a I had
my super but I just remembered I can't
shoot it up so I was trying to get in
front of I failed so many times I mean
you know we're all failures right I'm
gonna hit by something else not sure
what of the duck maybe it was a hit they
go down low enough they drop things that
it knows so much shit who's white
jeez cheese cheese shake it watch out
it's coming another roller coaster Oh
get me I'm sorry jack oh hey we got part
about that I felt yeah early restart
because I got a quick head
we got it we got it we got it we got it
we got it we got it oh I know that nose
is so fucking hard to hit
it's all the way across the screen oh I
know I still feel responsible
all those visual overkill is starting to
get exhausting here it is
this needs a nice simple background oh
sure he needs to just be on some kind of
stage or something that's just a cookie
and I think it'll help this stage
chat if you're looking for games the
jack is better and in addition to the
addition to this I will throw out mario
kart anything with you know these kind
of like twitch reflexes games are
usually my mad bag any anything that's
sort of more instinct driven than then
thinking ahead of time that's my game I
don't like thinking in my games you see
a thing and you react how awful this is
doing well loving it yeah doesn't matter
what I'm playing on scream I'm always
some percentage bush of course because I
mean you're just you use different views
different mental resource use different
parts of your brain rich
I'd like to think that enough people
have been watching us for long enough to
me now Orion people just watching
streamers line up just to know that
that's how it is when you're streaming
you can't you can't
give it your all
nice nice there we go thank you
why does this look like grandpa's
cartoons because that was their artistic
direction this game is how it is it's a
bitch that's it this game is that
perfect balance of hardest balls but you
can do it this is this is great
grandpa's cartoons that's true this
isn't even grandpa's Kurt we're in the
twenties I did a full faith I had full
faith in me absolutely absolutely
let's see here rich yeah
would you read some comics if I sent
some to now New York Comic Con is coming
up next weekend so I'm gonna pick up
some stuff I can mail things to the rlm
office
no you're just out of Congress rich is
out of comics done let's see here
wandering BMN six six seven says hey
y'all I was wondering if either of you
had played this game before tonight if
so a little bit have you beaten it and
lastly what do you think of the game and
art style this is but we are now as far
as I got I'm again we're a little bit
further than I got on my own okay I did
the the candy lady fight that was the
only thing I did and this oh yeah and I
did all of these and that's when I
stopped playing
and you know for me I know rich and I
are gonna do a review of it and so I got
to this point and I said you know what
I'm good to talk about it because I can
I'd like to get a little bit further I
cry make that distinction imagine there
will be anything very different gameplay
why I have a feeling we get it I'm
playing in a few hours
well sure and I'm gonna give it a little
more time we're gonna do our review
tomorrow but I can't imagine we're going
to get anything very different than this
so I was talking about Popeye whatever
happened to the can be the houses damn
name to frosty you tenifer ski yeah what
happened his Popeye he was gonna make a
Popeye he did a short he did like a demo
reel though they just not go through
with that which would be insanely stupid
because that short but he did was
amazing sure again deep terror Kowalski
for those who don't know you know the
Samurai Jack he did Powerpuff Girls he
did Dexter's Laboratory you know just
kind of the old the old guard of Cartoon
Network they're saying the emoji movie
is the reason I got cancelled begin dee
do the emoji movie no I don't think he
did
candy did make sure it sounds like that
chose to make that instead which would
be just a horrible idea he did oh you
know what else what other movies he did
which aren't very good he did the Hotel
Transylvania movies that's what that was
kind of his bread butter where's the
rights to pop I could get indeed take
that somewhere else I want to see that
movie so bad I want I desperately want
to see his Popeye you should pull that
up on youtubes watch that clip
it's Popeye ncg and it works
fantastically well Powerpuff Girls was
Greg Greg McCracken but Indy was was
part of the team that helped make it
made it happen sorry I was not assuming
that genndy was in charge of it so I
okay kindiy okay hold on I'm watching
Popeye sneak peek one animated movie HD
that's great no it's fantastic oh that's
great olive oil and basil oh that's
great
is he gonna eat the spinach eat the
fucking spinach eat the spinach
it's called Popeye sneak peek 1 2016
it's great that's great that's great
that's great they both look like cups
and mug that magic dog is from the one
of the some of the cartoons Jeep
names jeep the jeep okay my my aunt my
aunt and uncle for a long time had the
Popeye arcade game doing today yeah yeah
that game was tough as balls a lot of
old arcade games were it was designed to
take you decided to take your quarters
well hey there fellas come to watch my
little show have it they say juggling is
a bit like parrying tough at first but
soon you can string them together
swimming me I'm hoping to get fall
Sunday four in a row yeah that would be
something wouldn't it I haven't done
this one something to do with coloring
or parrying pair is never gonna be like
that ghosts won four in a row
hint hint we're not or now we're just
gonna fight this dragon
whoa whoa tail on and off water lean
completely out of fucking nowhere I'm
sure there's a tail there's always a
towel we just didn't see anything
Wow nothing about that
I am I know I was I thought I'd like
it's alright it's alright I thought I
thought he's dead it's all right there
he's fine hi this is horrible what just
as a gamer I feel terrible
well you know you should I guess as long
oh I see it we're going on the bottom
now yeah well fuck you too oh my oh my
god oh you got me but I'm dead anyway so
thanks thanks but no thanks
oh wow not easy
fucking tail
over the second stage this is go yeah no
we're making progress
Oh
thank you
it changed my rumble for your rumble
fuck you
yeah you don't get anything for hitting
well you have to carry the last red ring
which apparently I'm it isn't so
terrible I'm gonna score I don't see any
practical use for doing that shit ya
know it gives you a card that's what
builds your super so shooting sure but
you can oh that's you you can build it
faster if you carry yeah so like for
every parry gives you a new playing car
then if you yeah that's that's what
gives you your super to do them faster
you can do this or maybe we can do some
good that's gonna happen try it we could
try again yes I would also like to get
that golf game working because
goodbye person leaving thanks for coming
live
this is an okay time $20 you got for me
well we're behind that hahaha
with restarts oh yeah absolutely alright
one more try one more try yeah this is
this would have been a definite tortoise
fuck you and your fucking hey I can I am
terrible at parent yeah I'm terrible I
am too
no I don't
fuck you
oh we almost had it
we always had it that we weren't even
that close okay cuz it looks more
stressful than fun it's it's like any
challenging game whether the the fun is
in defeating the undefeatable the fun of
blood-borne is not necessarily in all
the gameplay but in
oh shit I would go bullshitting a lot of
us sorry
sorry just a lot of listening the keys
and finding the rhythm rich feel the
rhythm feel the the rhyme look out world
is bobsleds fuck you moon oh no Rick
employees rights alright I'm sorry I
know I was milking I was busily milking
all over the place
don't think that's hope
what do you think
so you're having a filthy mind person in
the chat room come on come on you know
better
if we could manage to stop suffering
then even just a little bit I'd like to
think that see that that was bullshit
had the dodgy tail had to be on the
cloud was really platform and yet that
was the same time death rays came out of
the eyes bullshit
my mold animation ran out just in time
for me to fall on a meta Bay because the
screen caps brought to me the turtle
overall I do go to the next after next
at next we can exit to that overall I do
enjoy the game it is what it is you know
fuck and what it is ain't easy
sometimes I wonder just like sometimes
it almost it almost feels like it's less
about the damage to him and more about
just making it through that stage I'm
sure that's bad
oh when it's time yeah we got a map good
how many times can resurrect I would see
what else the world is where do you even
go
I'm behind them on guys man
all right what do you want to know the
bird dude oh my god it's definitely
harder with two players you know like
it's is it it feels like you know we
kill the enemies easier but yeah like I
I'm often confused which one I am
I'm a rain check
it's okay
you know the animations are adorable Wow
you know what the animations are though
I feel better
I'm gonna take them Woody Woodpecker yes
you know what never mind I've done this
work I think this may be so if when he
shoots the eggs stick all the way they
hit the back wall in there
okay great no we're doing fine what is
it eight o'clock alright we'll get we'll
play for what it will do one more one
more shot here and they will check if
the if the attack though feels like
working really like I want to see golf
swing you should want to see go story if
it's if it's all of the trappings of
your classic RPG without the shitty
combat system
I am so game their towns exploration I'm
talking to people we party members but
you don't have the bullshit comeback and
I'm down it's not it's not all of that
now there there are like at the end and
that's gonna be ups and downs is that it
was a lot of what I was expecting
there's a little bit
you know it's mostly just like it's
mostly was a cute golf game that's done
in a very over the overly dramatic
fashion
Oh what golf story is on the swish yeah
and we we have the switch here and we
have an elgato capture but for some
reason xsplit won't recognize it
so I finish my fried go yeah okay
oh yeah when you miss a pair like that
it's a walkie about what to accept miss
Perry
some runnin gun working co-op we played
a couple running gun levels most of the
levels though our boss fights yeah and
it's like the runner gun does working
for but a lot like the boss fights it
does get a little confusing
all right I like that I like that yeah
yeah it's adorable to angry-looking
paramedic Birds caring oh okay yeah oh
no I'll hold it all the animations very
creative a nice
