Episode 867
Mooooooooooore Xcom 2 WOTC
October 4, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gS4ywctHU28
___________________________________________

I mean I update chatty here was wounded
everyone everyone
they're back hey we're back we did it
we came back headquarters of the Siemens
working yeah they may look like Advent
yeah we're back we're here now that you
can see us you can see the game now
everything is fine ditional support for
our cause it's a nice overlay right yeah
it's a nice overlay Oh actually could
you guess what's going on I just want to
make sure the bits are still on
all right great yep thank you the the
new arrays is very nice very unobtrusive
still gets all the stuff done I do miss
our old background I liked having that
like us being in the room but you can't
always get what you want
come and ER our ring facility is
currently idle if we have the soldiers -
sorry so no golf story today it's here
it's right in front of us but for some
reason xsplit does not want to play nice
with our Elgato HD kappa device
so here we are here we are game is just
loud enough that the dialogue interferes
while you are - oh that's right because
we it's a ok don't add me over again
that's right yeah ok ok now we're gonna
turn up for rich though you might want
to hear what's going on yeah are they
saying Gulf story or Gulf store Ghul
will scowl story story yeah it's not
playing nice things are not playing nice
with other things don't forget to update
the title to XCOM - I did thank you
thank you for the reminder as I do often
forget that kind of thing that's on me
too it's true it's true rich where the
fuck were you on that one I guess it's
you were here everything saying who that
new ones expensive capture card yeah I
mean you know worth it if it works this
is Jack's dress-up games this is this is
the one where I get to dress up all the
characters and they have names of the
chat Thank You Emma ducks for though for
the 100 bits resistance forces in the
region which card of the the Elgato Game
Capture 60 that's their newest version
of the capture card it's supposed to be
completely lagless USB 3 interface we're
running off of a USB 2 interface right
now it's supposed to be a lot better
crisper clearer but it's like a hundred
60 bucks but if it works all the time
this is one of those things where we
will have to make that decision what's
more important to you possible failure
and saving some money or throwing down
cash how much how much is but if it
works if it works rich but for how long
will it work right that's the other
question and ours can input RGB and I
don't think the new one can I think the
new one only does HDMI in all ways so
it's one of those things we're gonna
have to make a call for which what just
wrapping up the elgato talk it's amazing
how quickly I get sucked into XCOM what
we're doing a stream what huh what was
that someone in here Oh jack when did
you show up I'm not at home that's right
my smoking sniper is an absolute monster
this run she's doing great we just added
our like our limbless half robot oh and
we just made a full robot last time
right like a robot robot that wasn't
mine that was my personal game that's
not in this game
no no not not your real robot the person
I made look like oh yeah yeah not the
robot robot the person robot robot you
know
you guys need to stream Bitcoin mining
what company was just caught doing that
there was a company that was just caught
because because it's it wasn't YouTube
but it was like a it was another company
that was found to be like using their
customers computers to mine bitcoins
because they weren't making enough money
through advertisement Showtime that's
right Thank You Emma docks Showtime rich
if you watch videos off of Showtime they
were just caught using their customers
computer to mine bitcoins I think I've
heard about this that crazy yeah got it
gotta make that cheddar gotta make it
somewhere also Pirate Bay right it's
strictly illegal it's you know what it's
probably like in their agreement or like
yeah computer you agreed to it
I sent my sniper your sniper yeah what a
arre have you know unlimited ammo
against the whole the loss right it's
not a coop coop mission I didn't know
this is gonna pop up over hitch yeah
yeah ass kind of shit timing yeah oh
well let's see here nonsense in a bag
says if not considered spoilers if rlm
does have a Halloween special this year
will you two be on camera together again
rich and drinky Jack versus Exorcist 2
was so funny that was that was last
year's Halloween episode I listened it
was but it wasn't just that that was a
whole mixture that was a beautiful
concoction rich and I defending the
arty-farty movie and Jay and Josh I know
not getting it I know like that's that
was what was genius about that like not
just that it was rich and I'd ganging up
on them not just that I was the super
drunk one there was a lot going
that so that made it really special I
feel what I can say is we have not shot
anything yet
Halloween wise yeah
that's that's what I can say there there
are plans past is any indication you
know we usually do a Halloween thing
maybe maybe we ran out of ideas that
could happen literally wait maybe maybe
the well is just dry any day rich that
could happen
get drunk jack you know what no
guarantees how about that
although who actually you know that's
actually a pretty good possibility if I
remember the dates we were talking about
they might the resistance is asking that
we do everything we can to extract their
people
YouTube will die before battle VHS
movies stop being funny you know maybe
maybe like like I was talking about
earlier with this whole patreon thing
and YouTube forcing ads it is the the
shame of it is that for for smaller
streamers who are just starting to grow
their audience it's it's actually hard
for them to enable advertising so
therefore they can't believe a patreon
directly but of course that's also
something that you could hard embed into
a video itself like hey check out my
patreon but you just can't put a link in
the description so I I feel like a lot
of that was but YouTube still needs to
make money I think a lot of people take
YouTube for great it's been around for
so long it's so easy it's everywhere but
they still got to make money in order to
be to be viable
is that guy naked no his pants on he's
shirtless but he has pants on and he
also has prosthetic legs why is master
chief an ex-cop
so many things are wrong with that
sentence that might have been a trouble
yeah but you know what maybe they just
glanced over maybe maybe rich can you
zoom in can you zoom in give us a better
view of who that is
that is not Master Chief friend that's
the motherfucking doom Slayer and the
doom Slayer is here too fuck shit
the answer by the way but why I have the
dual marine you know and X come to is
cosmetic mods yeah we have a lot of mods
running right now this guy's prosthetic
legs are mods the doom Slayer
ScrewAttack did a doom guy versus chief
episode and they had chief wind yeah I
know
kids like their Xbox they do that's true
was this before or after doom 2016
before oh
after doing 2016 this before you know
the doom Marine was an immortal badass
this was before he was the doom Slayer
right so presumably immortal we probably
need a recount
at this point III want one I want one a
chickadee monster yes all just visual
mods do you have any like gameplay modes
really I might have some quality of life
kind of stuff like I'm having it solved
right now with this one all your guys
not overwatch for the press of one
button oh it doesn't really change the
gameplay just makes the game more
convenient right that's something you
would do anyway get over and over and
over again
oh my god I got one I don't know if I
have it installed right now I think I
have it installed now color coded bond
solider bonds oh and were of the chosen
your soldiers can become friends and
that comes with benefits right the
problem is they stupidly did it we're
all there they get a little badge next
to their name when they were friends and
somebody in the both of the badge yeah
everybody who's friends get the same
color badge so you don't you it's easy
to lose track of who's friends with who
you have to highlight it and see who's
name pops up so I have a mod that
automatically just assigns each pair of
their own random color which and it's
the two best thing that kind of just
sounds like something they should have
brought up yes yes
changing but yeah I like I like how you
put that quality of life mods
that's nice but I currently don't have
anything like take away the time oh yeah
yeah I know you like your Tomcat 2096
says hey guys don't know if my earlier
tip went through I am an animator and
noticed our LM barely talks about
animated films are you guys fans if so
what are your favorite animated films we
don't really have a background and like
animation so we don't really have much
insight to give you it's unfortunately
like you know especially with something
like best of the worst where we're
looking at bad movies there's only so
many things you can say about bad
animated films before you're repeating
yourself whereas a bad production could
have so many different elements and so
we tend to stay away from animated films
in embedded but I know I I really did we
just see recently we were we were you
know what we were trying to find over a
de at the the movie theater they're
doing Miyazaki Studio Ghibli films yeah
a new one every month and we we after we
saw the new mini job though Lego was
really sad we were looking at him and we
wanted to see which ones we could stream
and the only one we get we could find
available was
oh crap what is it called though the one
that's the remake of The Little Mermaid
are based off of the Little Mermaid No
Ponyo Ponyo is the one we saw and man
what a wonderful weird movie Ponyo is
all of us do we were looking for Kiki's
Delivery Service they've ever seen that
one is I don't think I've seen any of
them I need the studio ghibli's not even
a total room no oh man you gotta care
love's so Darrell everybody fucking
loves Totoro she wants me to watch the
Totoro you should watch the Totoro it's
adorable
oh really basically any Studio Ghibli
film you're good you're just good to
watch any of them
Totoro spirited away is one of my
favorites Howl's Moving Castle is very
fun there's so many good ones but we
were Totoro is the big cat yes we were
watching Ponyo and it was really great
but we were looking for Kiki's Delivery
Service which I was unable to find
streaming anywhere like I couldn't even
buy it like you know or rent it on
Amazon or anything like that
it was really upsetting because we were
in the mood to watch
oh that's right castle in the sky that's
a good one
secret world of arity yeah that's like
the ball rolling The Secret World of
Arrietty or whatever it's called
Princess Mononoke like there there are
so many amazing Studio Ghibli films but
not yeah in general I like the animated
film these lots but there's just not a
lot to talk about
unfortunately as the draws is pretty
good alright next and there they're
goofy or something I get it yeah yeah
you know the voice acting is weird
have I seen Tokyo Godfather's no I have
no I don't know
thank you anonymous
okay I'll put I'll add it to the list of
shit I need to watch you know the the
cameras imaginary and animated movies by
the camerawork and placement is still
something you can discuss you know yes
and no it's it's different and because
we all come from a film production
background we're just definitely more
comfortable talking about live-action
can't fool ooh is saying don't shoot the
sighs aam be a close range
a rich black mark say for some reason I
thought XCOM to metro more randomly
generated but I've definitely fought on
this one you're more than once I know
this might just be some of the war of
the chosen maps these lost maps that are
not as random yeah
or flat-out not random sure
I know vanilla XCOM 2 has actual chunks
randomize chunks
unqualified Bart I've seeing that pop up
beyond or over the garden wall it's like
a little animated miniseries that's
supposed to be fantastic and I haven't
gotten going I recently bought a really
cool kind of graphic novel
you know comic book run to me called
Mouse guard I don't know if you've ever
heard of this yeah it is so gorgeous
it's it's a it's like this medieval tale
of mice and they all have swords and
they fight each other and it's dark and
depressing at me medieval tale of mice
and men isn't needed to pet the rabbits
the knight need to pet the rabbits but I
got one of the mouthguard books and it
is dark and like there's death and
suicide and battles but they're all a
little adorable mice with swords and I
love it
I fucking love it I've been reading that
lately and I've been reading the other
the other comic book that I got is I got
a couple of the the fantasy sports
wonderful little books about like
witches and wizards and they have to
like they're like detective witches and
wizards and they have to go fight people
and they always end in some sort of
sport battle but in a mystical way it
reminds me a lot of something like
shaolin soccer where it's funny and
fantastical and involving sports
somebody wants to talk about Rick and
Morty season 3 for the love of God rich
for the love of God would you please
talk about Rick and Morty season 3 it's
good just like season 2 it's good rich
that's no controversial mute the
microphones get out of here
yeah you know that's right thank you for
that clickbait head of rich Evans
skewers Rick and Morty season 3 clip it
make it happen
epic takedown of season 3 Rick and Morty
mo Mike yes that is has been my plan I
have not seen any of the new Samurai
Jack and I recently read that it is the
whole series is coming out on blu-ray
and that's what I'm going to do my new
samurai bought Jack on blu-ray and just
with the kids fuck cares if the kids are
there watching I'm watching it I'm more
excited I actually I don't think they
would care about Samurai Jack
it's very slow-paced and fun I'm gonna
enjoy the fuck bad thing if they want to
watch - that's great
oh I was I was a big fan of the original
series I'm I've been I've been really
looking forward to watching my new
that's true a new cult of Chucky I know
I know Jay is very excited about cult
objec I I don't have quite the same
fondness of the Chucky movies as other
people do but it'll be interesting I'm
just glad that Jennifer Tilly's still
getting work that lady's something
special
she was the she was very close to being
like the it girl of the late 90s early
2000 and then it went a little in 90
you never seen Chucky they're worth a
watch there the premise is that it's
just weird enough where it's they're
definitely worth and watch especially
once you get to the later ones like
Bride of Chucky
first movies the best
arguably you know there they all have a
charm to them
fuck
what are the chosen oh that's the person
is safe okay
bride and seed are certainly products of
theirs that it's it's one of those
things where after chapter the original
child's play they kind of knew what they
were and weren't afraid to be corny
would I agree a man of TVI I enjoy
Jennifer Tilly's she's just what she
just has that you know that unique look
and voice to her ring for the fucking
win tuck your fucking shotgun doom it up
that's great science sake please play
something else
nope nope I love this game
which loves this game very much so yes
and we did have plans to play something
different but you ain't rich for the
love of God play more of this yeah yeah
nice I'm gonna do
that's nothing I'm gonna do a chickadee
monster yes we are going to play Mario
Odyssey which is why it would be very
important to get our capture card
working from Philippi
when Mario Odyssey comes out that's why
I actually I recently bought a second
switch dock just for the studio here
because I know a lot of switch games are
coming out and so we'll figure it out
I wonder epic Jason Sarah is there a
Metroid mod what's the site for months
there's one called
Nexus or you go to league just steam and
go to the workshop page for this game
specifically
there'd be like a like a various suit it
might be the very well might be right
that would be awesome Metroid Fusion
Oh soundtrack not the suit though I want
to suit not the soundtrack give me the
fucking suit I'm gonna be honest I'm
shocked there isn't one
who is that Everett though who's Garrett
Wang and some hairy Kim oh oh shit
well great he's live on Twitch right
great there goes our audience oh yeah
sorry guys bye I hope he doesn't decide
to do our night regularly Jesus Christ
poor Harry Kim they never had anything
interesting for him to do
it's like a dozen viewers really we
think there'd be more in the XCOM to
workshop I don't see any Metroid outfits
what you're saying is modders get on
this you know all right here's probably
a thing like something like the doom
Marines probably easy to go under like
the the engines accents sure take the 3d
model for doom welcome pull it out sure
sure it's probably harder to do for a
Nintendo game yeah oh they'd have to
create that by hand right
I guess it would be like it would be
even better if you could like when you
get the laser weapons just replace it
with the arm cannon it'd be awesome
sadly I'm not a truck person good for
him though yeah he's doing stuff I guess
it's good
how many how many people who watch red
letter media hard trick people I think I
think a ferry trip truck isn't isn't it
has never been as popular as other
sci-fi Trek has always had a negative
connotation a truck being a trek fan
even even within nerd culture itself
records are a different kind of nerd
everyone I know who called himself an
herb was a fan of truck yes that was
everyone you know was nerdy that I've
known like Trek know and I like Trek I'm
not I'm not dissing Trek
mind you the doom rate should be
actually a lot of people saying they got
into Trek because of our hearts because
you dickheads wouldn't stop talking
about oh that guy you find that weird I
really do so dank enough wale says rich
did Mike start the habit of calling you
by both your first and last name when
talking to you / about you is it just
the ease of saying rich Evans I noticed
all of our LM does this a fucking great
no idea why he started doing it and then
that just became the bit it does roll
off the tongue though yeah rich Evans
does bothering that's nothing there's
nothing wrong with being notice your
full name right right
but I have no idea why it started sure
it was just decided at some point that I
was a person who you would say their
full name sure you know not many
syllables not many syllables in your
name so you know what you do I think you
want to say more than rich just you know
yeah you want to say more than that okay
for Kevin's
the red Evek I'm sure we will be will be
discussing more Star Trek I still have
yet and it is still fresh and it's still
fresh I am not necessarily excited to
see it because of the things Ritchie
said but I'll watch eventually a well
and then rich and I will discuss but
let's give it a little more time
we'll see but what about those avatar
sequels right isn't everyone's super
excited about avid the avatar sequels
James Cameron needs to do something he
needs to do something and just stay out
of other filmmakers business that's the
big James Cameron thing like let him
make movies so he can stop complaining
about Wonder Woman in a recent interview
he doubled down on his Wonder Woman
comments I don't even know what is
Wonder Woman comments were back in the
day he back in the day a couple of month
ago a couple weeks ago he he was calling
out Wonder Woman for not being feminist
enough okay and basically his comments
boil down to
she can't be feminist because she's so
pretty so don't care about this oh right
right but and so then you know patty
Jenkins the director of Wonder Woman and
did a little shot back at him and you
know everything was cool like he said
some she shot back everything was fine
but then in a recent interview he
doubled down on his comments like you
know she really shouldn't she shouldn't
have done and then Linda Linda Hamilton
gotten far too many Linda's Linda Carter
got involved this is all fantastic and
very very glad for everyone involved the
moral of the story is James Cameron his
retirement is not going well he's
becoming a cranky old man retirement huh
he needs to keep his hands busy
Oh jackin is Linda Hamilton I there's a
lot of Linda's this Blair there's
Hamilton and Carter
cover doesn't mean anything against
Lawrence I'm just so used to taking
proper cover sure keeping good habits
rich right that's the thing Kellogg
crumb flakes but because because it
wasn't his kind of empowered woman he
felt he needed to say something but in
any case he's making new avatar move his
rich he started filming
I'm the new baptized that's great are
you so are you so fucking excited don't
fucking come are you so excited about
all the navitor movies no because no
because I'm a human being because you're
not James Cameron the entire population
of not James Cameron doesn't care about
about avatar
God just lost you're annoying you have
the the guy though
right so you're just you just getting to
the point extraction yeah the Avatar
theme park is still a thing there is
still an avatar section over at a what
is Disney World or Universal Disney not
sure is that one of the Disney's like
there's an avatar theme park yeah it's
just that hanging out there Disney's
weird Disney's weird you sure just need
have any Universal that doesn't make
much sense to me
you did this Universal really yeah
Disney World they're saying you never
know it are universal that you guys are
giving me a different thing it's an
animal kingdom at Disney World
there's an avatar world rich alright
that's what's happening right now
don't listen to chat I'm gonna I gotta
listen to you you're the oh yeah you're
my lifeline to the world outside of the
stream what am I gonna do
google it mmm that seems like a waste of
time take a lot of work like that
who thought this was a good idea hey I
know what would make X come good let's
have certain missions that are just a
tedious slog mm-hmm
i've ever been to lego world with the
kids we there's a place down near
Chicago that's like a like Lego
Discovery Center it's a big-ass Lego
store and like a small like a super tiny
amusement park we've been there a couple
times and last summer the summer before
that I forget we went to Legoland out in
California which is a big lego theme
park rides and all sorts of building
things and lego movie theaters and all
sorts of fun stuff and just giant lego
exhibits every word we spent two days at
Legoland last year
awesome fucking awesome
the sky Ranger how was it as an adult I
probably would have only spent one day
there you know it was still neat it was
actually like just walking around the
park they had you know amazing Lego
sculptures yeah hope oh yes
and so like that alone was worth it just
to see these gigantic fucking Lego
sculptures and they had need like
building areas like a little history of
Lego some lego sets that you could only
get at the park yes it was kind of cool
it was kind of neat without kids I don't
know depends on how big of a
later land was neat but some of the
bricks are badly faded sure what cuz
they're outside yeah but you need that
you need to see how the bricks link to
make it a cool Lego sculpture so it'd
have to like hand to paint yeah Matt do
a lot of masking do the Lego and
employees have to put everything away
they know but you know what they do do
which i think is great what they do do
Jack what legoland sort of the whole
park marathon stream 24-hour Lego sort
and all proceeds go to charity I love it
oh my god no they have like their master
builder area rich uh-huh master builder
area what is this so let you know you
know from the lego lego movie they call
the master builder that's an actual job
basically design the sets they design
the sets there they're in charge of you
know like making it efficient using
other pieces like it's a real job at
Lego and so they have like an on-site
master builder at Legoland and and there
were kerryanders and it's all the tiny
little drawers and everything is
perfectly organized it I could have
spent all day just watching the master
builder pick out stuff in our right was
great it was fucking great oh so no
here's the really neat thing that the
Lego employees had they all have a
little name badge and the name badge has
some some bricks on it and they all have
custom minifigures and if you bring your
own minifigure you can try to talk them
into trading and so you can spend all
day swapping minifig
with the employees until you get like
the coolest ones and I just thought that
was such a neat little metagame in the
park like every single employee
oh we want that one but do I have a cool
enough one to trade like you know
talking with the kids like really cool
bring yeah you bring your own minifigure
and then you trade with the employees it
was neat man so you have to bring your
own you do yeah you need one to trade
you have to sacrifice one if you're
wrong yeah you don't like that you have
enriched you have if you want the cooler
things you have to make the tough
decisions gotta make the tough calls
rich what do you do in XCOM when most of
the nations are panicking all at once
help me well building a satellite over a
country I'm assuming you're talking
about the previous game because you're
talking about countries panicking though
the satellite over the country it'll
bring the panic down a bit
some of the story missions will take
panic down across the board so are you
playing it I guess I don't know what
counts as a spoiler for you right now
but there's there's there's there's a
couple certain missions that are
storyline based and if you do them every
nation the panic will go down by one so
if you're having a really bad month with
panic just wait to near the end of the
month and do that mission everything
will go down you'll get a breather
yeah hey yeah we're over here now the
off switch we're on this side things are
different things are different things
are fresh we had our reasons it makes
more sense
why is this game so damn deep good
because the people who made it we're
good at making and the game there's a
sweet spot you could argue you can
easily make the argument that the
original XCOM is deeper sure sauce of it
micromanaging tedious sure I like it
well it's you know like true depth
versus like you know swims game player
what do they say that what's that that
game that people love to hate and I talk
about like how many dwarf fortress yeah
like oh you could just do so many things
is amazing you do all these things like
that sounds like tired tired tired oh
god I hope mission does not come up
shortly
I probably need at least five days see
motto yes we did we did talk to the the
art director and the game's director for
X come to we got a chance to to talk to
them about the making of X come to it
was he keeps coming back unto you
actually yeah there's this separate set
of missions to track him down
find his base and then when you go to
his base you can kill him for good oh
he's got a magic healing power something
magic it's alien technological healing
pod so then you have to blow that up and
then kill him and he's dead dead of
course no I didn't actually kill him I
hurt him enough that he teleported away
to his health pond my mistake I'm so
sorry that's my mistake
they track up heavy yet good stuff for
the game nun city yeah we started the
stream with cuphead played a couple
hours I think it's a game I don't I
don't think I can have a marathon
session gonna be short doses sure I
could find my I could find myself of
getting very lost in cuphead right just
finding that pattern finding the tail is
finding finding the right path so just
one of my covert op missions that I did
the one that I sent that sniper on was
to help track his based on I get you
we've made progress we found these three
there's three little missions you need
to do and then you know what you know
what is that you can go get him I did
I've done one over the three good
trial-and-error for sure well it is and
you know it's just figuring out what the
tells are because they are like the game
developers did a very good job of making
sure that the enemy Telegraph their
attacks sometimes there's a lot of
attacks and so just you have to be so
fuckin a hyper focused on that game it
was really a difficult stream yeah
yeah we got a couple hours overall I'm
enjoying it it's it's not I don't know
like it still doesn't necessarily feel
like what I expected come in yeah are
you expecting the boss fights I I was
expecting more Megaman country right I
was expecting real levels and then a
boss fight at the end and all we get you
know it's mostly boss fights with some
running gun levels and I'm not saying
it's a bad thing it's just not what I
expected oh yeah I watched someone run
the whole fucking thing yesterday took
like six hours yes that I'm getting I'm
getting the sense that it is a very
short game
somato everyone likes the visual style
that's that's why cuphead has been the
most talked about game for the past
three years is because it looks gorgeous
and it plays all right you know it's
kind of it decorate a soldier and call
it a night
yeah hey Jack talks rich about how much
you like playing wash
that's the Skywalker answer quick you
know I enjoyed out my play through a
fire watch that's great I'm happy for
you because I'm not I'm not something to
ogre that it's just people have to like
the things I like yeah and if they don't
they're evil I don't do that and you
know I completely understand why you
didn't much care yeah it wasn't
conversation but the most toxic
it was after after every III since 2015
cuphead has been the has been on the
games that we're so impressed by this
year's e3 Cup head has been talked about
non-stop for the past three years
absolutely alright
turbo you're the first one I said wants
it turbo turbo Dangerfield nice
and that was the other one that got
promoted
that helmet works with this outfit it
really does though those arms and legs
are from titanfall oh yeah I like it
I'll actually I really like that outfit
I put a visor on I don't like the visor
'less helmets yeah that guy look at that
schmuck
how did we get him for the mission okay
with the mission we did rescue a soldier
who was it ahead of me this guy Timmy
that's hurdle yes we are gonna do an
episode on cuphead we're gonna try
something a little bit different be
warned
we're gonna try something a little bit
different
we're gonna we're gonna test it out
cuphead episode see if it works
all right who else two more names then
Jack's gonna decorate somebody and yeah
then I'm done I'm done for the night I'm
gonna decorate
I'm Lemmy all right I'm Lemmy there you
go you have your first names Anna now
Joe Snow all right last ones Joe's snow
great can we make someone into a pretty
princess is that a thing you can do
can we give someone a fucking princess
dress I don't think I have any princess
dress mobs hold on I want to check that
one Jake the workshop they that would
probably be really hard to texture like
if I just need pants um here love a sex
change operation
what do you have for pretty pretty
princesses
and hearing nothing maybe we have a lot
of civilian clothes you could choose
from oh I don't think any of them are
pretty princess dress
all right around we just got it we got
new Tim what did you do
I have a mouse that's fine that one
should work fine yeah I'm gonna take the
workshop real quick I am legitimately
searching the workshop for princess all
right the red epic I'm just not talking
about discovery right now for a bit wait
on that we got some princess voice packs
but no princess outfits I'm sorry jack
gobbledygook says hey guys I tried
cuphead this weekend and it's really
gosh darn hard yeah yes that's true yes
what it doesn't remind me what what it
doesn't remind me of is a game that's
not hard at all called DC Universe
Online for the ps4 it's free you fucks
over the classics gotta love the
classics gotta love the classics
it's probably I'm here go to you know
what I'm as a sculptor rich you need
inspiration first you need to see you
need to see what you're making first and
release it from the rock so I'm just I'm
just looking here and just I don't think
I have the thing that gives you on
unrestrained customization options so
there's uh if you change the armor she's
wearing just so you know there's
probably a different set of clothes
you'd actually have to go out to loadout
and tell her to wear the different armor
I put them I gave her the armor that has
all the civilian options because you're
looking for a dress I thought there
might be something in there but the bulk
of my options are in the other go back
out loadout most people would trade
anything armor the top Joe snow probably
down a bit no kill her armor go up okay
there's probably different clothes to
choose from in there all right
great
Kevlar what what about Kevlar
it's it's it's it's it's a bulletproof
material what they make bulletproof vest
out of what how dare you
do it do it I'm playing dress-up here
you play dress-up I'll be back she's got
the big guns right we gonna do what are
we gonna do with her chat we like I feel
like maybe for her what we still need to
make her a pretty pretty princess that's
what we need to do yeah that's what I
that maybe we need to start with the
hairs and we'll okay there's a ton of
hairstyles here okay rich got the fancy
hair oh oh my god oh my God look at that
oh I don't mind that at all I don't like
that we can make her like a fashion
model princess okay this is where we're
gonna start
there's so many hairs like okay this
might seem like a silly question
I got a side pony a buck a side pony can
we do her makeup is that a thing that we
can do can we make her tracer yes
Oh see that's not well eclipse the
fucking face but you know that's fun too
it's just like even even this where it's
just something a little more more
natural no okay let's go this one
because I think oh oh that's neat and
she's a fashion model
no wait which one do we have now is that
her can that is bad hair I you know I
like this hair I think this hair works I
like the swoopy nature of it I want I do
want to do her makeup I feel this is
face I feel like I do want to do you
know what I like this better this is
softer she's gonna be our princess face
paint
I Lana oh here we go here we go
Oh Princess Mononoke again no we just
were just gonna give her a little bit of
makeup like make it yeah here we go
and then lower face
bring in our earrings press oh hey whoa
what switch the different kerger look at
that oh yeah that's that's princess one
side it's princess it's the best I could
do
but there's curly hair what about what
I'm going for here is is here's here's
what I'm going for is she's got the big
guns right yeah and so I'm going for
pure juxtaposition I'm just gonna make
her the prettiest I can the prettiest
and daintiest I can with the big did you
look at all the hair there's one that's
just pure curls
I think it's near the bottom like that
not enough it's not pretty I don't know
I don't think that's pretty good
it's not pretty like this is pretty dank
and maybe this is me you know like
projecting my own desires the wanting
like giant hair but there we go what I
was hoping to do is give her a lipstick
and it's just the one the one side is
very not princess is there not no face
pants huh the face pants not have makeup
they only have eyeliner I'm sorry which
you know I give her I gave her her
eyeliner
Carrie yeah but we nice Braveheart yeah
so they have different eyeliners and so
I'm just going with it with a basic
eyeliner I'd love some red lipstick
though just really make that pop but you
know I guess she's going for natural and
I we're just gonna have to be okay with
that
okay this is pretty pretty princess get
Jack the download princess shed there's
a princess shut Jack can download I know
I googled it I I went this huh what's
this let me go to the workshop what do I
search for in the workshop just click on
I just want to be pretty and that's okay
fancy dress party ah this looks great
this looks great I'm looking for a
pretty princess in fancy dress party oh
my god this is part of why because you
can get clown yeah okay okay all right
hold on let's see what we got here
see oh we could get a tiara might be
worth it might be worth it for the Thai
tiara
no no not worth it for the tiara just
for a tiara no okay all right I'm going
back to making her making it because you
know beyond princess I just want her to
be dainty I feel like that's funniest
cuz she has a giant ass gun oh you know
what might help go to character info
attitude happy go-lucky I switch it
that's not much that's a glad she's not
a happy but she's twitchy right now okay
there we go nice got a little smile on
her face yeah yeah great okay so that's
good at civilian stuff change your armor
and loadout you check check courses here
maybe maybe this mod has the civilian
ones for every available here I'm not
sure here it's gonna like Belsen wait
turn off or you're gonna have that belt
on all the time oh my god torso gear
yeah
damn there are a lot of options to be
fair like I said I've got I just
downloaded a bunch of cosmetic mods look
there we go we'll just make her
invisible yeah I think you can put like
every part to be invisible I'm just
having a gun floating around oceans
outfit yeah yeah that's fun
that's fun but you know no okay so we
need out so we need the other armorer
yep your hair went back we can fix it we
can fix it well I know what hair I want
now did her make him go back to did her
face change too apparently it saves for
the armor of the the cosmetics we got it
we got a look I appreciate this
yeah whatever pants she's wearing
probably gonna have to turn off because
it's clipping but sure
perfect
okay now so civilian BF this area oh
look yeah those are nice pants but look
I think look at their legs in the bottom
near the bottom of her legs I think
something's clipping through so go there
and just say none see what happens go
none I don't know oh it's not none
what's clipping through what does that
look something looks weird about maybe
just shadow the shadow look like
something clipping through sure okay now
we need to hit fix this hair situation
fighting there we go I feel like her
face changed too but I guess none oh it
take off her eyeliner
see that's the difference I wonder makes
jack she looks like you should look like
she had a whole different face it did oh
this multiply this like different
eyeliners yeah the other ones were like
big I want to say I got a different face
to give her
this one what are the other ones down
there
aliens yeah okay there we go
that is pretty princess the arranged huh
oh my god her earrings I forgot about
her earrings where is that upper face
prop earring
earrings okay great now something really
important
she was give her a shoes give her shoes
we can't give her pretty shoes look at
that you know what she is she's like
she's like a mom she's like a mom who
who just found her kids gun it's like
I'm gonna help in the war this is great
look at her look at her hair flow oh
she's gonna make great propaganda
posters rich don't worry dear I'll take
care of those nasty little aliens help
mom take out Edvin ah great there you go
Joe snow you are a pretty pretty but you
know what you know what Joe snow is he's
a modern princess like Kate Middleton
you don't see her wearing the big fancy
dresses she's sensibly dressed this is a
modern princess alright great thank you
for letting me play dress-up where we
Gatling gun grace she can do it alright
now is the time in the stream in which
we thank all of the people who have
subscribed to us during this very
extreme yeah much like gibbous moon for
25 fucking months in a row man that is
moose nice civilisations machine gun
funk for 17 months at roses thanks gents
for all the hours of entertainment
you're welcome you're welcome kid thank
you machine gun funk let's take it
around Bajor Ville kz7 for thirty four
fucking months in a row that's almost
three years of this shit it's true beer
coaster for 12
months in a row honks ooh toad decimals
for 23 fucking months in her own tote
decimals says cuphead and a new primus
album released on the day verily you are
right our cups runneth over and over
that's true the primus out for anyone
anyone interested in new primus I hear
it's pretty good hecka for 39
motherfucking months a neurosis 39
months I think when I first subscribed
cuphead was announced at e3 and now
we're finally playing it it's okay at
least it isn't lego sort of true Xenu
who says this is a great way to
celebrate six months having a gay old
time watching cuphead chaps Jordana says
on my anniversary I have a two-part
question one is my ex come to character
still alive - and this one is critical
if she is alive does she have a cute
outfit Jordana if you're part of Rich's
x-com one stream probably no cute outfit
no ex come - they said AXA comes here
okay
trying to remember if Jordana is still
alive probably I don't think I have many
deaths
I haven't been able to give everyone a
cute outfit yet hold on the game still
love right yeah oh the real quick
go to the let's go to the menu with all
the people
you're alive you're on a covert action
right now Julia Jordana which means I
can't check to see what you're wearing
and fortune cookie we haven't got a
chance to even okay so we would kind of
usually we wait until they they level up
to a class right before making them yeah
that's great okay uh we're worried so
yeah Jordana still alive that's great oz
Mike for 33 fucking months in a row and
Oz Mike says what in the Christ have I
stepped into with this stream
I'm currently sick with the flu in this
game is like a walking nightmare a
waking nightmare Cheers probably back up
head but yeah cup head is a whole lot I
was I was fighting it the other day and
my kids came into my office and I cannot
count how many times they said what like
they have never seen anything like Cup
head they were in gross rich they seen
an old school cartoon I mean we was this
completely alien to them yeah Oh
completely and yeah they've never seen
anything like that and like as I was
playing they're just like what is what
is happening is like they were going to
have an embolism which is they were so
blown away by just the the cartoon
insanity Zant's for 12 months in a row
says I'd like to thank Jack rich and the
dicks for the past year I don't know
what I'd have done without you heart
emoji thank you
Mick pimpy Randolph the rag this is two
months already
y'all Rock
gutter stars for 21 fucking months in a
row says thank you thank you
TP courier no a Binga dude general Gore
says check and/or rich have you heard of
doorman ah domino domino oh it's a
gladiatorial based with great AI battles
the game was wonderfully addictive on
the strengths of the soundtrack alone
here is the track the game opens with
plus fun gameplay and UI right I'm not
familiar with it I was having trouble
going to sleep last night and so I was
just flipping through the channels and I
came across the the most general gore
makes me think about it
yeah the most bare bones basic boring
ass procedural ever and it's like oh
that's perfect late night TV and it was
called major crimes it wasn't even like
you know like you know SVU Chicago PD
was just major crimes that are big right
but I couldn't decide whether or not it
was like big crimes or if that was the
name of the character major crimes I'm
here to bust down on you punks it's
great general gore major crimes
Zack wave disease tempest ah the blue
review who says oh my god jack is right
this game is contra if it was made in
the 30s country were made in the 30s it
would be a puppet show someone would be
cranking symmetrize telescope things on
it and the little flaps would come down
and see an animation and that's what
countries older man and then he'd do a
flip
that's what that's what they called uh
that was the old school gift
who was the CinemaScope cop yeah it was
basically cop cop like there were police
caps major crimes investigating units 78
are you committee soon god I didn't have
to read that
why are you Kim MIDI sue is the name dr.
guns 420 lawns
Oh 2/3 non-sensitive bad gases you're
both great thanks for all the
entertainment your mother you're great
nonsense and I bet you're near great
frozen zigu rot says thank you
five my lead which I can only assume
they want to say suck my weight or fuck
my that's five foot maybe yeah okay
there's two arcs on multiple levels is
this like an onion it stinks
ah yes Rudie Rudie Medicine says thank
you for all the wonderful entertainment
in the past and future it's good that
there are a few YouTube channels we're
still making quality content only we are
one of them one called monkey there's
nothing I love more than my own jokes
pretending
79 says three months of subscribing one
year of watching thank you thank you
fuzzy brick you are my fire capitals
helps so much can I do
ermahgerd dear boobs ever good do boobs
sagen 12 24 32 fucking months in a row
quasi chol question number 16
gobbledygook for 38 motherfucking months
in a row gobbledygook says it just got
back from watching Flatliners they
remade Flatliners rich they remade
Flatliner
can you even imagine that that's gonna
move you remake I'm gonna give that a
plus something that wasn't an amazing
movie no it's just so recent Flatliners
nineties right like late eighties it
that is young Kiefer Sutherland that was
young Kiefer Sutherland and Kevin Bacon
now I'm curious flat
99 is right on the right oh yeah yeah
with Ellen Page sorry they've remade it
I'm okay with that you're okay with I'm
okay with that
that just seems like too soon it's not a
say it's not a sacred classic I don't
think it's too soon that was okay no and
you know what that's fair I like a
button you know what we're getting we're
getting older Flatliners yeah that's
three years away from being 30 years old
uh three years away from being 30 years
old it is not too soon and I'm just an
old man yes just come back from watching
Flatliners spoiler alert those fucks
never stay dead rich how much of a tip
does it take for you to destroy
Hollywood I do it every day every day
comes into work punches the clock gets
around Hollywood over it's what I do one
movie flipped Master Yoda who says thank
you rich and Jack and Jay and Josh and
Mike and Karen a Jim and Colin from
Canada and big luck to all of you at the
movie dicks NOLA for Jillian she has
been joseline she hasn't been on an old
thank you no love for Laura's story
alien super cocaine 17 bucks in her own
belt Apple who says how do you feel
about what - compared with enemy within
deal Z war the chosen compared to enemy
within
that's a weird comparison just cuz
they're both expansion packs which do
you think expanded more probably
probably more the chosen expands more
yeah probably yeah okay enemy within a
new mechanic with the Mel the new
trooper then you got the terrible exalt
missions and then enemy within you got
three
new troopers three new three new classes
new mechanic with the fatigue and a new
mechanic with the bonding Oh
two new fairly big mechanics and a
horrible faction that nobody likes in
the lost I guess I guess you know were
the chosen as for sure sure non-city
oh yeah Frisco Jones for 37
motherfucking months in a row
Walt Heisenberg for 36 for 36
motherfucking oh we don't ever confetti
Oh set up for the other thing I did
another thing they got their confetti
you got your confetti you bested you
filthy bested once Heisenberg says would
you say this expansion is worth the 60
bucks for the chosen how I'm Shiela vex
come how much you love X come I guess if
it's your first time playing X come you
don't need it right that's you know that
that's what it's all about is how many
hours are you gonna put in 60 it's like
40 or something right
what is it currently going for
60 seems high I don't think of a 60
visiting the store page Forex come to
right now or at the chosen it's 4:40
where the chosen is 40 the base game is
16 I think it's worth it huh do you
think were the chosen is worth it for
for buying them both at the same time
yeah if you don't have you know the base
game yeah that would hurt
that would really hard sucks yes that's
a bit much and I might just go with the
base game to start sure but if you if
you already get you know 80 hours into
the base game adding that other 40 but
you know like you start you start doing
V like hour per dollar ratio and I've
got like over 300 hours into it right
now so me it was a pretty good purchase
yeah well they go well there you go
let's see here man pandamonium says
almost half a year with you hack frauds
your streams keep me sane while I draw
all day at work I do concept art for
video games and you guys give me the
chuckles while I make things great way
to do it
glad to do it quality pixel the off
switch for 21 fucking months in a row
who says I am disgusted by this channels
sudden lurch to the right of my screen
hashtag not my channel I get it I get I
get it funny politics politics you're
glad the last thing that Trump did sorry
I know you were gonna go into it we're
not muted we're not muted that didn't
work I think oh we didn't when we when
we when we restarted yeah I forgot to
rerun with we forgot to rerun the script
that automatically
