Episode 868
Into the Depths
October 8, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PWE9-yVIazA
___________________________________________

me installed installed let's uh let's
find me a controller I know where they
are in our controller basket I won't get
I won't oh no nevermind there's one
right there rich there's one right
fucking there
sf Parliament says does anyone our LEM
like watership down enough to get a
review on it well not me
I've never heard micro Jay or anyone
else talk about it
Brown ah oh nine oh nine says why did
you guys do it wait I have no idea if
that has even happened this is the first
I'm hearing about it
no idea nonnamous says hey rich just
started watching next-gen your
recommendation finally got me to watch
it thank you
only two seasons in and I have a
question do the uniform colors mean
anything rich red is like you know
command blue is science and yellow seems
to be either engineering or security
yeah it's weird that engineering and
security have the same you think they
should have four colors yes and for some
reason they change it up I guess they
just thought the red looked nicer with
the new style uniforms in the original
series yellow was command and yeah red
was engineering insecurity that's why
the red shirts or the red shirts sure
because these the dumb security guys at
the red shows okay
the crime tonight we're getting crazy
lemon-flavored Oh sy Sperling says hi
rich
hi jack what were your best Halloween
costumes when you were kids now the only
one I really remember well there's two I
remember I'm spider-man once okay what
is this that's the free oh that's for
the controller please thank you you're
spider-man one and it wasn't one of
those cheap like plastic maths it was
actually I liked because it was a guy
spider-man ski mask it was actually like
a cloth mask and then Indiana Jones cool
any favorite Halloween costumes I think
I'm talking about this before I one of
my favorites yeah there is a full screen
what's that - oh shit
our full screen was set to OFF and then
when I said it's on we got an error I'm
sorry
we got a fatal error I'm sorry we have
nothing but problems tonight we have
nothing but brother nothing but problems
oh so can you change in chatty yeah the
game yeah perfect
great okay so apparently I can't play in
full-screen okay which is just gonna
have to be fine no what's like he could
see everything so it was one of the one
of the last times I actually went out
trick-or-treating and I was I was you
know just old enough to stop going
trick-or-treating cuz it wasn't cool
anymore I went as the devil and it was
inspired by Tim Curry's devil from
legend mm-hmm and so like you know my
body was just a black cloak that was
pretty standard but like I did my face
and all red
I even had like the cool like eyebrow
and chin and nose and cheekbone
prosthetics like I had to put like you
know to glue them on my face I painted
my whole head red I I got these huge
horns off of my head that was route that
was really great and then I custom built
my own stilts that I screwed onto the
bottom of old shoes give me an extra
like foot and a half you gone for like
legend yeah yeah yeah and so like I was
a giant red devil and I thought it was
really great legend which to this day
has the single greatest Satan costume of
all time
yes Tim Curry yeah yep rich rich was not
listening to me when I said it was
inspired by Tim Curry from London
all right let's go let's do this Jack
was 20 I know I wasn't 20 I wasn't old
enough to drive yet I was a mid teenager
so I was probably like 13 or 14 yes kid
I said oh it's a kid but it was just at
that age where it's like oh you're going
trick-or-treating that's not cool
anymore and me he's like especially as a
bit of a fatter kid I was like but I
like candy oh shit I've forgotten how to
play still liking happens oh yeah
clearly I forgot how to play it yeah you
get out of the flow
which never listens to Jack stories
that's not true I listen to plenty of
Jack stories but sometimes I'm reading
what you people have to say and I can't
pay attention to everything 100% that's
true and to miss things that's true also
I talk a lot and so I just can't like I
can't I can't begrudge anyone who
decides not to listen for a little bit I
only missed the first part of the story
where he said what the inspiration was
no these people are mean stop being so
mean to rich Foley says hey guys this
tip is to make up for the fiasco I
caused last time what did you do I don't
even remember love you guys hope you're
having a good night also any ideas for
the next review a man if only I knew
what it was
but I'm not telling let's come back huh
it's comfort they know that oh fuck it
we think we said that did we I do have a
problem I'm pretty sure we actually said
that yeah unless we didn't in which case
I just screwed the pooch
[Laughter]
I don't remember you know what I just
don't remember oh is that the two
hundred dollar donation fiasco okay okay
oh yeah yeah well hey we got it taken
care of and that's all that really
matters is we didn't steal your money
is we didn't steal your money that's the
important part yeah I know it's cuphead
and actually I'm most of the way done
with it should we I mean what sited kind
of insight should we give them or just
let it let it happen it's gonna be a
short review so just let it happen
all right we're just gonna let it happen
then yeah but I'm really hoping that I
can have it done edited by tomorrow and
so then it might go up tomorrow night or
it might go up Friday that would be
really great and but I'm not you know
I'm not sure because
al and T cases please take some dollars
as repayment for using ad blockers my
wife and I gets entertainment value from
our LM thanks heart emoji heart emojis
long as you're paying us I guess it's
alright yeah hey hey give us some money
somewhere where we're awful
we're just awful kibosh Muller qisas
longtime listener first-time caller
that's not that's a radio joke thanks
for the years of goodness
now that rich is a legit voice actor and
some notable projects voice acting
something that he wants to pursue as a
career it's it's something I would
probably do when people ask me to do but
I don't think I'm very good at it
I disagree did you see or two loud voice
it's me and I get so self-conscious when
I watch anything that I have performed
in I get super super self-conscious yeah
but it's like a voice performance
difference not no no it's not well I
think your performance in that and the
end is nigh is very good like like best
of the worst is different because that's
not a performance that's just us talking
it's shitting friends but acting in
something oh god oh god every time every
time I cringe I think in in the - in the
- you know big tiny projects that you've
done
I think I think you did a great job oh
I'm also I mean I'm biased because I was
there with you right like right but we
wouldn't we wouldn't have hand it off
and we wouldn't have handed off your
voice if we thought it was subpar I'm
not expecting to get very far this run
I'm just kind of warming up yeah you do
you Jack I'm doing you do you this is
this is the greatest game if you guys if
you guys love this game you know that
Derek you is it Eric you or Derek Lou
who made this game who was the designer
of this game his name is Derek and I
want to say it to you but I could be
mistaken he wrote a book all about the
design of this game yeah and where his
inspirations came from early days of
coding what he was doing beforehand it's
a thorough deconstruction of everything
that went into the creation of spelunky
what is Derek Ukraine did he give any
any credit to spelunker little credits
spelunker and a little credit to you
know a bunch of different things but
like he you know a lot of credit just
came from outside sources where you know
he's like oh I took him for inspiration
from this movie and that's why this is
this and that's why this is this it's a
fantastic read if you
if you're into spelunky it's a really
great read and I highly recommend it
he's also in a really good noclip he is
he is he's in a noclip with with
Jonathan Blow and Jim the guy who did a
frog fractions okay okay about the
discovering stuff in video game videos I
bomb there because there is a pickaxe in
there oh you just saw an accident no I
didn't see a pickaxe I've played this
game enough where I know that at the
bottom of every snake pit there is a
pickaxe at the very bottom really yes
there are things that you can discover
and learn in this game that's an
interesting one
yeah so at the at the bottom of every
snake pit there will always be a pickaxe
because I have problems I have problems
and I know these things
lose the hunk a hunk
dear Jesus I am proud to announce that
your 14000 illegitimate sons are
ransacking the entire building they're
after you you did it a lot of references
to something I did in high school lately
don't you had one versus his sons it's
just never gonna go away
you don't think of these things she's
just goofing around after school in high
school right as well never be in
politics
Never Say Never Say Never rich the rules
they are a-changin
Becky got Plato's Becky for rich how
come I'm not afraid fear of companies
the possibility of death calm scheppers
and servitude I love hanging with you
man
it's Farscape courts they're basically
going on a suicide mission
how come I'm not afraid big tough guys
[Laughter]
is it worth it is the worm worth it
maybe the worms here rich fuck it you
know what this is just a warm-up run
anyway let's go for it
sound like some kind of like jackass
college jock
satsang women warm is always worth it
alright I'm in the warm Anonymous's can
one of you hum the x-men theme song for
us so we can all smile and it's a great
[Music]
[Music]
Danton oh yeah that's that's good it's
burned in the old brain J fresco to says
rich I think for Halloween review you
should do the thing you will finally see
it as a first-time viewer and J can
comment as a longtime fan of carpenter
it's definitely time for you
Lindsay I think there are plans for
Halloween Anonymous's how good would a
rich Edlund son / daughter revenge
script ala kill bill have to be to get
you guys to green lighting and what's my
budget
the work here okay so here's the thing
the worm is never worth it what do you
get for the world if you get all the way
to the bottom of the worm you replace
your whip with a super-strong knife okay
that does a lot of damage and it is
never ever worth it so then you're
asking why did I do it because it's fun
and if you can do it it's kind of fun
but it's never ever worth it the worm is
worth it
if you're going for a hell run and you
only do it on ice cave one one I don't
know my spelunky this is all this is all
gibberish to me right this is like all
the little things you know about other
games this is all the stuff I know about
spelunky and like to me even if you're
on a hell run it's not worth it because
the the extra damage that it does isn't
worth the possible hearts lost because
if you're going on a he'll run you have
much better equipment and bonus hearts
anyway so
okay so this is a snake bit level
cuphead has better music don't wanna
spoil something I had something to save
our cut heads music all rich wait till
you see that is it glorious it's
hilarious
kudos rich is what I'm trying to say I'm
here on your astute observation
[Music]
Branagh oh nine oh nine how do you come
up with the name red letter media I am
NOT person to ask because I did not come
up with that
and I'm sure it's a relatively unexcited
reason right probably along the lines of
how we need a name for the company for
tax reasons I need to file my taxes as a
company with this pride that I don't
know but I don't I don't think there's
any grand story
[Music]
all right you got something we got it we
got the makings of something over here
we're gonna ghost we're gonna ghost a
little bit we got two gems over here we
got three gems over there so we're gonna
we're gonna conjure the ghost and see if
we can see if we can get rich okay go
for it
shadow a week thises long time red
letter media fan and longtime donator of
several hundreds dollars
my only puppy is dying of her sin to
seed and is in need of a treatable
surgery oh sorry
can I have my money back to cover the
cost I'm sorry
anonymous says rich and Jack have you
guys ever received any odd or funny hate
mail or you couldn't believe the person
was being serious but was clearly upset
with something you guys said or did um
like actual mail no but you know angry
comments every now and then this one
time a guy wrote us a big thing about
why we should watch the Stargate I was
weird we did we ghost it successfully
rich cool so now I have a hella money
now I have hella money which means that
if there's anything good and the shops
coming up I can buy it
you should be you should be I'm also
very happy about that sometimes you know
you wanna you wanna you found a new
pickaxe yeah there's another snake but
snake pits common every once in a while
they're coming ish so would you
prioritize the pickaxe over like a
shotgun yes especially these early
stages shotguns are you know really
great at dealing with enemies but the
the pickaxe gets you the treasure and
this early game you know it's all about
getting it's all about getting the money
it's all about getting the money and
what's really important is if I want to
get if I want to get the eye of ujat if
that's what the name is if I want to get
the eye that starts the cycle of really
winning the game the pickaxe is really
helpful
sorry I'm just one down I'll check the
the 108 page Phantom Menace rebuttal
some fan wrote a hundred eight page
Phantom Menace review rebuttal yeah
defending the Phantom ass that does not
count as heat mill you know it was dick
clearly hateful because that was not
mail sent to us that was something some
horrible social outcasts posted to an
incredibly nerdy Star Wars message board
it's not a hate mail what happened I did
a dumb
we're just neater we're not having a
good day here Jack in any fasten in any
way it's not happening I did that was
that was a bet that was a bad mistake
that was a really dumb mistake I thought
I ran out of ropes and so I found myself
in a situation that I couldn't get out
of so I thought the smart play would be
to bomb the area next to me and jump out
of the blast radius and I did not jump
out of the blast radius and I thought it
very least I would you know get a little
bit of damage but I just saved dude so
he would kiss me and give me my health
back but it caused enough damage where
okay it was a super dumb mistake to me
there you go
[Music]
that's all right we're still on it still
the greatest game ever you just can't
make dumb mistakes shadow Elite 5 says
puppey is staring at me and it's puppy
eyes so puppey is really important for
me okay i please have the money back no
sad face sad face sad face sad face sad
face sad face sad face sad face and it's
like some vici sad face is mixed in
there save the sad puppy please like
everything the eyes man everything dies
you know even your puppy I'm really
happy and yeah so what you should be
happy about is that you got to spend
some time with this
[Music]
everything dies especially your papi
it's the prereq Terms of Service well
you know that's the thing like I'm sorry
that you're going through a rough time
right now with your puppy but yeah we
can't
we can't just
I am assuming it is a running joke to
you I'm not I'm not taking the puppy
very seriously
haha sure
[Music]
you can
I will be
down here
come back down here you motherfucker ah
I got you I got you you fucking spider
Karen probably wants me to save the
puppy huh Karen probably wants me to
save the puppy nope you could save that
puppy oh yeah I'll save this puppy I
saved the last puppy I saw too so it's
not up to Karen
Karin would save all the puppies if we
kill the puppy in the studio right now
rich wouldn't even blink hey Jack's the
one that grew up on a farm yeah you got
that one puppies that was just part of
everyday life you got that backwards dog
mr. rich might actually care he likes
animals I'm the one that don't give a
fuck and I you know I mean I enjoy
animals it's not it's not like I'm 100
percent heartless I do you know I just
don't care that much this run just got
good explain there's somebody who you're
gonna get but it's snake oh my god so
there is a jet pack and I have enough
money to buy it and I have enough money
to buy spikey boots the cotton gloves
make you stick to the walls which can be
useful but who needs to do that when I
got a jet pack
so it wasn't like a whore a great combo
it was just that you found a job at Jeb
the jet packs jet packs are incredibly
overpowered purposely you know I need
some hearts so now I need some hearts
but I got a jet pack rich I understand I
understand the concept so like I never
have to worry about like getting trapped
anywhere like not being able to retrace
my steps
so you're trapped in this game no you
can never get trapped but what you can
do is get to a low state and not be able
to get back up okay and that's what I
meant by being trapped
you know jetpack
equals awesome I just have to
[Music]
I am Chester since I've been playing
Dead Rising 3 seems decent what was your
thought side
I'll said what looks like you hi case
was delivered yeah yeah I got that it's
neat and Dead Rising 3 I haven't played
much of Dead Rising 3 which I guess that
says a lot
[Laughter]
like get rid of timers and I understand
that you get timers in the third one and
like a hard mode but I doubt it's
balanced all that well and then in the
fourth one that I didn't fucking bother
with that
now it says tell the guy at the dog just
let it die go get another one
there's a bunch of dogs out there
because that's what life is a series of
dogs or cats if you're smart I don't
know if I agree that last part
why can't if you're smart I don't see
that yeah I mean cats are more
self-sufficient okay a dog will will
forever be a toddler oh I get that dogs
see you as family dog sees family but
also like think about the daily
responsibilities of a dog versus cat
right okay yeah here's the whole thing
though yeah it's reward versus effort
cat fairly self sufficient but not
especially affectionate it's just kind
of there yeah you got you're getting the
wrong honey
yeah I might have a cat just because it
was easier if I couldn't have but there
are far greater rewards I can see I
think that's a matter of opinion and
that's very that's very subjective to
the cat cuz you know some cats are just
more affectionate than other cats right
but no matter what don't you know dogs
need to leave the house several times a
day and that that is daily
responsibility where it's like cats you
can go out of town for a day and just
have a friend put food in its dish
it needs okay so like so here's the
thing right here's the great thing about
the jetpack the damsel and right near
the entrance yeah if I didn't have my
jetpack I'd have to use ropes to climb
all the way back up or bring her down
with me honestly injuring her but now I
get to clear the way okay while uh and I
can just come back up at any time
oh hello key okay the key opens up the
chest which gives me the eye of udjat
and I need the eye of udjat because then
I can see treasure and get these secrets
get to the secret shop and if I get to
the secret shop then I can get the ankh
and then I can die in the snow level and
if I die in the snow level with the Uji
ah'd I give this this game sounds kind
of great it's the great is just the
greatest
if I die in these then I owe so then I
can get to the City of Gold oh oh shit
shit I almost did a big stupid but I
didn't but I got to move for all so I'm
gonna have problems
oh I have them
[Music]
dummy because I have the spiky boots
which so there's the there's the chest
what are the spiky boots do extra damage
it's like a boots - okay okay there's
the key
if you extra damage instead like spiders
are normally a big pain in the ass
boom I boot yeah
done all right now it's just important
to get out of Dodge
all right we gotta we gotta get going
before the ghost comes
I mean I've the of the jetpack so I can
be able to go very well but see now look
I can see it where all the hidden gems
are it so I can like if I had the
pickaxe I'd be in the money yeah yeah I
don't have a pickaxe
[Music]
shit that's my damsel she's dead
shadow lead five says my puppy is now
dead
may I please have the money back to
cover the upfront funeral for the puppy
you got a shovel that's your funeral
cost right there borrow a shovel from a
neighbor or friend what Brock says if
you guys got the chance to play Sonic
mania or do you still hate Sonic yeah we
still hate Sonic huh
hates a strong word it really is but if
if you would have to insist that it's
either a extreme negative or extreme
positive opinion then fine I hate Sonic
yep and I just I just don't care enough
about Sonic media to want to play it
basically the Doosan a game actually
good well the surface so presumably were
the originals so that all depends on how
good you think the original sonex were
yeah apparently people who like the
original sonex really liked sonic mania
button widescreen can only help the
issues but not being able to see what
the fuck is in front of you that's true
I'll say that yeah so widescreen just
being widescreen probably hopes sure
what brick says I'll let the Wilson just
read that one it was a sonic 109 Emma
says jeez rich I was just trying to get
you to tell a funny story
any funny hate comments or criticisms in
any form that stood out to you jack or
rlm now I got to spend four dollars to
clarify he spent four dollars she's not
in business I don't know no I really
hate stories nothing I can remember
nothing I I focused on and that it
stands out to me to this day that I
haven't just read and moved on with my
life that's that's the real thing is
like a little bit so because I have he
probably said something really terrible
because he's posting is anonymous he
probably said something just absolutely
horrible and I just don't remember it at
all I mean that's that's just making
them even what they're hoping for is
like who that nasty mail yeah but it's
eating them up every day they think
about it
chant we streamed all of inside yeah
front to back it's pretty pretty
standard but yet meat and then you get
to the ending and then suddenly it's
amazing I because of the situation in
which I played it which is with you in
the stream I do think that the game as a
whole is amazing mm-hmm if I just played
it by myself alone maybe like break
broke it up through a couple days I
might have had a very different reaction
so like my my thinking inside being
amazing is very subjective based on how
I played it but yeah that ending the
blob monster gave me such a good laugh
it raised it up from an this is alright
to something that was briefly amazing
yeah
million bloodshot says hey Jack head of
New York Comicon tomorrow I'll ask the
valiant can send you a care package of
books so you can catch up
oh no I did and you know I just I was
just checking comiXology because a lot
of times valiant books are on comic
comics allergies unlimited and the
second Archer and Armstrong collection
is up now so I can catch up finally also
Archer and Armstrong movie is on the way
from the director of Zombieland secret
where's the damsel Jordana Soze is this
enough to stomp that puppy this may be
the wine target doing one to stop a
puppy yet that doesn't have a little
amount of money to stop a puppy to stop
a pup stomp oh just like for us to kill
a puppy relish the relish says hi rich
and watching you guys for years over
time I have accidentally developed a lab
very similar to yours it has both
horrified my friends and been a great
conversation starter
I relish it I'm glad to enrich your life
by way of you being a pale imitation of
me something ten seems to be going on
what is going on I got a problem
what is your problem okay so the thing
that this eye does do you see how it's
like glowing blue now yeah because
somewhere over here is the secret
oh wait there right there
fuck yours I didn't think I I didn't
think I'd have enough bombs yeah to get
to the secret shop rich I don't know if
I have enough money now actually oh the
puppy wanted a different door but you
still get the puppy I still get the
puppy oh I think I just need 2,000 more
dollars and this might turn into a
really amazing run so this is the black
market yeah this is the secret shop that
you need to get to in order to get to
the real true ending of the game okay
and I think I need two thousand more
dollars to to buy the unk okay great
I just need some gold I can do this I
can do this I can do this I can do this
what the hell is that guy he's a helper
what does he do he beats up stuff for
you and turns down there all right great
we got enough
we got enough we are good to go this is
this is super exciting for exciting
bayan boom these are all pieces of the
puzzle and these are all pieces of the
puzzle that you learn as you play the
game and okay so now that I have the
ankh I need to get to the ice levels and
I need to die in a very specific you
need to die I need to die in a very
specific section of the ice level this
game is so what's the word I'm looking
for
cryptic there's all this stuff layers
it's it's deep it's got layers rich
you're saying Jack you need more bombs I
could use more bombs I unfortunately
don't have any money
how much of bombs go you have close to
2,000 does the ghost come here - yeah
that goes with cupcakes I know I could
use more problems go strum the gems I
know I know
go threading is tough though and I don't
have I also just don't have a lot of
chant I know cryptic snot quite the
right words because I'm struggling to
find the right word for what this game
is what's the plan
okay great we made it everything's fine
everything's fine we made it and
everything's fine
mama says when you curb-stomp a baby for
a billion dollars
oh not a baby maybe a puppy a billion
for a billion you can curb stomp a puppy
for a billion you can curb Savin puppy
for a cup of coffee
well not me coffee
that's slander baby Hitler maybe like if
like time travel were involved what yeah
what do we curse on I'd curse on baby
Hitler what do we know about this baby
this is not where you need to die I take
it this is not where I need thyroids how
are you doing so bad on the summer
because the levels get harder the levels
get harder oh my god that was tense but
I need to go I needed some bombs 20
bombs was a minimum number of bombs more
than 6 more than I have right now but I
mean I have a while I have a while to
get more you'll die before that well
probably
vote of confidence why'd you get rid of
that pickaxe jack
look at all these gems I think I had to
person got a helper or is this one who's
gonna hurt you you think about it baby
Hitler still innocent
that's why is a a classic what does an
ethical debate a philosophical debate
I'm sure if someone has brought this up
oh yeah baby Hitler hasn't done anything
wrong yet
Tom Cruise movie Minority Report brought
this up oh yeah where's the damsel
avoiding you Oh Mary I need help
oh fuck
Oh what happened
you got spiked how did I get spies you
were standing next to the fingers come
on no I was paying attention to the
coast in the damsel consort it bad I'm
very sorry we start we start maybe I
could be Tomac son of a bitch I could
still be Tomac I'm assuming this is
something you have done before what the
hell oh yes yeah I've beaten Hal I've
beaten then I don't feel bad no no I'm
going to assume you've 100% of King Yama
oh yeah yeah
anima vita a hundred percent of this I
did this feet you know like there's a
speeder on achievement there's there's
all sorts of fun well I'll tell you what
Chad what about instead of killing baby
Hitler what if you just kidnap baby
Hitler and and raise baby Hitler right
what if you do that right
[Music]
or you can just kill baby Hitler either
way
but if you let a Jewish family raise
baby Hitler I'm really I just think
anyway anyone who knows who Hitler is
gonna be raises Hitler and you're good
you know you know if a Jewish family
raises baby Hitler does that just mean
he's like prejudiced against other
people and not Jews does that create
like a whole different awful Hitler I'm
done talking about this I'm done oh all
right that's fine oh that's right I
could have sacrificed the Yeti - Cully
uh what would be any what you can
sacrifice dead bodies to the God and get
stuff okay
so you know can I not just the damsel it
can't be the damsel but yeah you get
different things yeah you have to you
have to sacrifice like three regular
things and then it equals a damsel okay
okay and I have the thing where I can
just really easily kill everyone for the
spike boots
there it is
see that that's where you have to die so
if I died on this level do you see the
symbol yeah for head if I died on this
level
I would then reincarnate inside that
head and be able to go to the secret
gold level any you died anywhere on this
level anywhere on this level okay and
you can still do the level get you know
get all the treasure you want do all
that but then you just die anywhere on
this level so close so fucking
at damsel
there is Lord save another puppy pumps
and really likes giving you puppies well
I haven't set low shit I haven't sent to
randomize yeah you can either get you
know the classic Indiana Jones damsel
yeah get the punk or you can get the
puppy so I have a sets of random key
plays a gorilla's I know there's
different skins yeah oh yeah you you can
play this girl a robot there's one that
you can unlock to play as meek boy I
don't know they're just like different
outfits for the same character or what
about different characters oh yeah and
and you know the modding community this
is really open to mods the modding
community is way up in it yeah so like
they have a whole mod to make everything
Metro everything you could be Samus and
then they change all the enemies into it
but it's like a big head samus like a
poofy Samus no I think it looks like
normal so yeah this is not open to mods
the original is no this is open two
months check it out check it before you
wreck it
what were the original beat it spelunky
classic what spelunky classic so this
game started off as like a super indie
and the graphics looked at um different
this was a just like a like a
free-to-play okay I didn't know that I
didn't know this I thought it was just
this oh no no and then you know it did
so well in the indie gaming community
and a lot of the same rules still
applied that during Xboxes big indie
push for the Xbox 360
mhm they were they were just looking for
people to make shit
and no steam workshop for spelunky HD no
no steam workshop that doesn't mean you
can't have mods there's there's mods for
the original well you I keep saying
original the reboot XCOM EU and they've
never been officially supported by steam
or for access britain the freakin long
war mod like the most popular thing ever
right it's a mod for that game
I'm very hard not to pull off her halter
but movie have I seen more than any
other movie I'm not sure I know that's
probably not the answer you're looking
for by the way that's a decent question
I don't I don't count the number of
times I've seen them have movies in
general right sure
whoa you know stuff like you know Empire
Strikes Back and you know original Star
Wars we've seen those a lot so I'm like
Wrath of Khan sure
aliens watch few times ghostbusters
nothing nothing shocking diehard
gremlins
on a long enough timeline
fury road would probably catch up with
some of those right Spaceballs not
really just a few times
it's Fight Club was on that list oh
you're sure
for me clerks would be on my list you go
right for that spaceship I'm gonna go
for it I don't know if this is the smart
call but I'm going for it there's
probably things I've watched a lot but
like as a kid that's that's how Star
Wars they're so much
and I think there's a single movie I've
watched more than Mel Brooks history of
the world
that's a fine movie that's not gonna be
in my list of most-watched history of
the world yeah simcha get out pretty
deep in them what you yeah I shouldn't I
shouldn't have gone I should not have
gone into the mothership I got cocky
what's the benefits like the one the
mothership I think has a more tangible
benefit but I four actually forgot what
it was well I was just like yeah I just
kind of felt like going for it now I was
having a really good run so I was like
yeah I can do the mothership look Chet
ruiner is probably downloaded by now
okay I think it's better just to save
that for next room I think that's the
wiser option here absolutely I don't I
know we got a late start but I don't
know I don't know how much longer we're
really gonna go tonight yeah I got a lot
I got a lot to do tomorrow oh yeah
I know what you guys to do tomorrow so
ya know what time is it
we go 10:30 we'll see how this run yeah
we'll see if this run takes us any place
if this is a decent run
we might get something fun we will see
I'm trying to think let's watch TV show
probably Star Trek The Next Generation
right probably
yeah I mean one day she's had a lot of
seasons and then you know watch out
watch out over and over I have an answer
for most watches in TV show and it might
be Aaron Sorkin's sports night I've
heard a lot about that I've never seen
it it it came out at a time when you
know I thought that it was the smartest
show in the world I can only imagine
looking back in it now I would roll my
eyes yeah but I used to religiously
watch that like I would watch it to
completion and then start it over and
then watch it immediately again and that
was at the time that I worked at the
used video game and movie store and so
there were very few things that I could
watch in there you know like I couldn't
watch r-rated movies and I couldn't like
there's just stuff I couldn't watch but
I knew that was okay because there's TV
show yeah and so that would just be on a
loop while I worked you know two and a
half seasons three so three seasons but
sports night I watched ad nauseam I
could probably still that's your show
well then they like I could probably
still like get into quote cycles of
sports night ie it's burned into my
brain I loved it
Futurama is one I like to put on a loop
and I went to like sleep
sure yeah if he drove me that's a good
one
I like that
[Music]
I don't necessarily want these boots but
you have no but I haven't I'll be
bitching about motherfucker
mostly because the spider is right here
and I knew I was gonna make some of that
money back right away with the spider
it's funny you get a jar of whale semen
you guys you get a jar of spider goo
rich and when you gentle I just assumed
it was whales semen
it's spider goo and it serves a very
valuable purpose it coats all of your
bombs in spider goo so that you can
stick them to walls bombs become it's
it's a one-time-use
no no no just forever all my bombs no
you never ever want to kill the
shopkeeper ever when if they had a jet
pack that you couldn't afford never it's
never no it's never worth it if you kill
one shop keeper all future shop keepers
attack you yes it is never ever worth it
I know that much about this game right
even if I kill this guy the shopkeepers
brother in his little treasure room they
will come after me
anonymous says I love you rich what do
you think the meaning of life is there
isn't one
we each make our own meaning
my life is a blank canvas and you can
paint on it whatever the hell you want
natural where's the fucking key
from a naturalistic standpoint literally
the only purpose of life is to make more
of your kind of life right that's it but
you know we're not we're not in that
zone the ghost is here but you do have
enough bombs it's not about having two
bombs you can dodge a ghost I've seen
you do that
you've gotta keep what you forgot the
key
oh shit
this is daring Jack daring dare I say
daring oh fuck fuck get up get up
everything fine everything's fine why is
this so exciting
okay not something that happens you know
every every run is different okay come
on up here ghosty come on up here come
on up here
you're a pretty ghost pretty ghost
great I got the eye I got the eye
everything's fine rich who killed JFK
jack who killed JFK
as far as we know Lee Harvey asked this
seems to be where the smart money is no
I have I have not studied this case in
great detail
you know what neither have a little
little before my time I don't know any
kind of conspiracy is completely
unwarranted the thought that it could
have been something more than what it
seemed but sure I don't I don't know
that I especially have a great reason to
believe that's what it was that's that's
pretty sense wine I know like you know
though that wasn't isn't a running
theory that it was like Lyndon Johnson
because he wanted to go to war and and
Kennedy didn't
isn't that something conspiracy somehow
it's some current politicians dad to be
[Music]
it's all crazy it's all crazy but yeah
and I have no strong thoughts JFK
assassination but you know thanks for
asking I think you know we're all we're
all here we're talking about nonsense
Ted Cruz was the Ted Cruz's dad
supposedly did it they called him the
son of sand they said his dad was
dishonest and they said he was the
Zodiac killer and that's most large to
just a joke because it's way too young
oh is outdoors yeah that's that's how
up-to-date I fucking damns out who's
gonna watch a movie on their fucking
iPhone
you don't think terator 2 is all that
great for the first one
sure I think I think there was a more
solid story that's a great little time
loop
yes seconds before convoluted John
Connors annoying I guess I don't
disagree with I'm not gonna you know I'm
not saying it's perfect but I think it's
a fine addition to the first one
it's neat that Sarah Connor has
basically gone insane yeah it is but I
don't know other than that it's a neat
visual but I just don't buy the liquid
metal Terminator like why even bother
with the other ones
that's probably expensive why didn't
they send the liquid one back in time to
kill Sarah Connor also you know with
what we know about computers nowadays
like where was it central processing and
supposedly to go back in time you need
to be surrounded by organic material
that's been established the liquid metal
Terminator has none it's just liquid
metal it might be liquid metal that
looks like skin but it is not actually
surrounded by organic material by flesh
was it organic liquid metal I'm glad
that makes no sense
literally that literally makes no Sam I
am I'm bullshitting rich I am I'm
pulling something out of my ass
organic liquid metal totally a thing
someone's gonna say it's insects tt1
thousand is the best villain put the
screen it's fine
what's his name Robert something played
the camera live we know him he's famous
he's from Double Dragon
I know I don't remember that like I
don't care much for the whole liquid
metal aspect like that that just it
takes me out of that world like we're
dealing with a world that's got gears
and and hydraulics and suddenly there's
this there's this insane liquid metal
nanomachine yeah it's just it's so
wildly different I don't like that
particularly okay as far as his
performance he was the better killer
robot whoo yeah yeah I'll give you that
and as far as the blending in aspect he
also looks more like a normal human
being as opposed to Arnold that's true
who you know was just a cartoon
character no matter how you slice it
Arnold is a cartoon character and James
Cameron knew that you know he wasn't
originally gonna be the Terminator
Arnold oh really
originally I think like his agent wanted
him to be Kyle Reese oh that would have
been horrible that would have been
horrible you know you know who's
originally gonna be the the Terminator
huh
Lance Hendrickson really yeah yeah James
Cameron met with Arnold for Kyle Reese
and I was like no it's gonna be pretty
wildly different take than what I was
going for but he'd be pretty good as the
Terminator and that changed that movie
absolutely
in Turin that's really interesting
that's really cool
recently watched Blade Runner Rutger
Hauer Rutger Hauer would be a great
terminator there's the thing to be a
good terminator you have to not act and
read sure Blade Runner Rutger Hauer
actually acts Terminator just look
around then the simple Oh sad I caught
up that's the one lines
robotic completely robotic yeah you
can't you can't bring a character to
that it ruins the effect
oh shit basically it would be it will be
a waste of Rutger Hauer what happened
Jackie ever done because the secret
entrance to the secret shop was too
close to the shopkeepers lair so now the
shopkeepers pissed at me
he's not dead though so the other
shopkeepers going to be yep every single
one and I'm about to go to the secret
shop filled with shopkeepers no let's
see if we can do this how do you get the
can you not get the the item then no I
can get all these items for free cuz all
these shopkeepers are pissed at me but
they don't see me at so I can sneak up
on alright this could be amazing yeah
nope nope I'm sorry it was worth a shot
I try I tried to get in there and throw
I had I had the torch with me so I was
hoping he would turn and then I would
throw my torch at him yeah he would drop
a shotgun I pick it up and I'd killed me
it seemed to be proximity yeah yeah then
it didn't seem like there was a stealth
component right right
[Music]
all right what's your call one more
chance all right and then well all right
this is the absolute last month of
absolute last one and then we're calling
it no matter when the run ends so rich
if you just if you're getting really
tired just rip the controller out of my
hand okay
[Music]
it'll be fine it'll be fine the way I've
been playing I haven't been making
terrible
crocodile brain says hey guys what the
holy hell is twitch doing website beta
throws Rando streamers at you from the
moment you log in until you navigate to
prereq the Android app is shit please
consider YouTube live then apparently we
could never stream Nintendo games no we
can stream content of games we just
couldn't monetize our streams of
Nintendo games you know twitch has been
pretty good to us I kind of like how
they work we theoretically could try a
YouTube livestream if we can legally
partners how that works
no that was the that was remember that
was the affiliate program and all they
said was you couldn't have the same
product at two places within 24 hours of
each other okay okay
and so like we couldn't we couldn't dual
stream unless we had a specific agree
these are traps that shoot arrows and
there was nothing to throw down so I had
to waste
so no there's nothing specific to say
that we couldn't stream to YouTube but
live just to try it out whether we would
want to just because you know whether we
would want to because that also could
fracture hi ready for it yeah I am
impressed I am I am I didn't even know
you can do that
I'm impressed if you time it right you
can slap away the arrows with your whips
boom you can tell jack is good at this
game I have I have just a few hours into
this game
it's a tricky maneuver and it often does
not work this is your X comma yep I
figured it was worth it it was worth it
to try because you know if I did it it
would be awesome and it would look super
cool and if I failed you could laugh at
me and people would enjoy that so it was
really a win-win situation this is Jack
sexy this this was one of those like
early Vita purchases for me and and I
just played the ever-loving shit out
dr. smoked Reese's hi guys
time for misadventures in pot-growing
part 2 I was sentenced to 15 weekends in
county jail plus probation just at first
weekend was in there with an attempted
murderer
fun 14 to go stick it out stick it out
you can do it - smoke trees just the
weekends fuck
can you save - dungeons that oh that's a
that's a red-light district Oh instead
of a shop with a dog huh with the dog
you can you can pay for some dogs for
some dog long instead of a shopping this
one you pay for kisses you know this
game has layers right this game has the
way here
lots of layers
anonymous hoes do you guys watch MMA I
like it because it taps into your
instinct that wants to fight I have
never seen MMA you've never seen any MMA
occasionally watched about of boxing but
never MMA not not because I'm avoiding
it I've just never run into it hmm uh
and I don't much care for yep it's you
know like you always think that or at
least for me like I always think that
there is going to be this like innate
fascination with two people beating the
crap out of each other but I think I'm
too empathetic when MMA doesn't ended up
like submission holds on the ground or
often than not it's just it's just
beating the shit out no they do okay I
mean yeah sometimes this mission I've
only seen that that MMA was basically
whatever the fuck works it is a lot of
times that's some got a wrestling hold
but I've only seen a couple matches and
I it's it's too violent for me hmm it's
really you know cuz it's real it's real
life violence so I can't
[Music]
wrestling needs more gay ohm and that
there's already been plenty of gay and
wrestling there was the 90s there was a
gay sex scandal in the WWF was there yep
dude oh I done that because I don't
remember the deeds oh right Roddy Piper
once kind of kind of hinted that he was
forced into a sex act that he was
uncomfortable way really yep Roddy
fucking Piper interesting I've never
heard this
is nearly in tears during the interview
sure sure
well I mean there's just a lot of big
strong dudes it's still reluctant to say
anything that received as bad about the
industry it's really kind of a strange
thing
well you know I'm sure like a lot of
that was just not biting the hand that
feeds and they wanted to go away I'm
sure if there was if there was any sort
of cahoots behind the scenes someone is
it shocking that an industry with well
build muscular oiled up men who are also
actors would what it would attract the
gay community is that shocking what's
shocking to me I mean any sort of sexual
misconduct it's always oh yes but no no
like that's not surprising what's
surprising to me is the juxtaposition
between stereotypical wrestling fans who
I would overwhelmingly assume that you
don't much care for the gays and that's
that that's making a broad assumption
that is absolutely making a broad
assumption
Tomcat 2096 hey guys sorry to catch you
at the end of the stream just a quick
question
yeah any popular movies that you just
absolutely hate hates a strong word for
that too I don't like it very much I
don't I think it's a really bad movie
boring yeah it's boring movie but
they've been worst movies
I was sure there's been worse movies but
I really dislike that movie at the time
I'm gonna say because at the time people
weren't saying bad things about it
attack of the clones okay
history has not looked upon that movie
kindly but at the time yeah I was a
dissenting opinion in my hatred for
attack up close okay sure
trying to think trying to think of I
mean obviously mother fucker like avatar
I think is pretty boring and I know like
you know everybody well everybody saw it
no one can remember it but everybody
everybody fucking saw that movie it is
the least worst of all the prequels no
Attack of the Clones is by far the worst
there is no redeeming feature to Attack
of the Clones not a single one the
second one yeah yeah yeah the one with
sand and the dancing Yoda and the
absolute worst love story of all time
and nothing redeemable about attack of
the club you know I mean I'm gonna go
ahead and have to agree with rich on
this one
Phantom Menace as bad as it is has
something resembling a plot structure it
does it's got no clear protagonists but
generally know that our heroes have to
do a thing yeah even though even though
Palpatine's actual plan makes no sense I
kind of get what the heroes have to be
doing sure sure check of the close is
just a fucking just a fucking random
massive shit there are two great
absolutely great Star Wars movies and
there there are two good ones and then
the rest of shit I'm trying to think of
another movie that's like generally
universally praised I mean there I'm
sure there's a ton of them I'm sure
there's a ton of them that are
universally praised and I that I just
can't stand x-men Days of Future past
everybody liked that one oh shit I'm
close to what having 50,000 you know
like I came to the to the secret market
and then as soon as I got here I said oh
why am I here