Episode 869
neverendingGOLFstory
October 9, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p6mJTe8CXCA
___________________________________________

shit for us John over EDX when and I'll
that's more that's a joke John if you're
listening John has been very actually
very good about keeping up with me and
trying to figure out the problem with
our old elgato capture card because we
have the Elgato Game Capture HD yeah
just a stander is an older capture card
but you know it still checks out and
it's the one that I use at home it's the
one we used here for you for a while and
it works yeah for some reason it wasn't
working and John actually passed along
all of our information we gave him a ton
of information about like the system
hardware and how it interacted credit
card social security number yeah you
know the weirdest thing is he needed of
our fingerprints the retina scan was a
bit much I just don't understand what
that has to generate with xsplit but he
so he was trying to set up a time where
the actual developers of xsplit could
take control of our computer to try to
figure out what was wrong yeah and he
gave me a window of time and it was a
large window of time but it was Hong
Kong time yeah
and that time ended up to be between
midnight and 9:00 a.m. here either on a
weekday I just said that is never
happening and I'm sorry that it's just
not going to happen right right and so
we're still trying to figure it out but
in the meantime I know we're going to
have to stream console games you know
Mario Odyssey is coming out yeah got a
Okami HD I got for the ps4 is coming out
there are things that we need so I
grinned and bei bared it and bought me
us I bought us a elgato hd60 s which is
their newest version of their capture
card actually one of the really neat
things it's USB free ok which is great
and one of the neat things is there is
very little lag good between capture and
and what we play and so we don't we
don't have to like worry about like
doing anything weird with xsplit for the
sync for this to sync it up with each
other that's nice so that is nice and
it's like you know it's not gonna kill
us to get a new capture card because
it's still like relatively not that
expensive and we we need it so Sonos oh
fuck what's wrong
we were almost on top of it rich i
forgot to change the game in chatty oh
fuck can you um open up the laptop which
we need open anyway and change the game
Oh Joe fucking job like we were so
excited to start early that we messed
things up so we have to just change
every everything's ruining everything
I never remember the damn thing I want
to be a woman you know what the password
is I'm sorry for that by the way
it's a capital I which you need to know
that I'm comfortable enough oh this this
might take several minutes Windows is
updating I'm comfortable enough
mandatory update mandatory update rich
required required and here we go ok
let's see what are we gonna call this
Gulf story I'm sure go golden so a gold
story
oh here we go
Neverending golf story never ended the
neverending golf story
haha then no everyone has seen the
neverending story no they haven't I have
but everyone know that everyone has seen
the neverending story they haven't chat
back a brother up here every
motherfucker has seen the neverending
story my dudes it's Sunday it is yes
they have seen it we have I have what
okay for so for those of you who have
not seen golf story get on that golf
story neverending story for those of you
who have not seen neverending story get
on that shit cuz I it's good it's good
movie alright go change that to golf
story
boom get you back over here so we can
see and then we go back over here so I
can play great we did it we did it
everybody we are now just a few the
switch is going to say yeah
Shauna says getting back to the stream
to help pay for the new capture card
Thank You Sean
appreciate that John it's it's a slick
little capture card - it's it's you know
designed okay oh so we're pretty late
into the story so what is going on so
what is happening right now is the the
lady in the brown hair is a rival gulf
teacher and our coach has the hots honor
so he invited her over to dinner and
that lady in the pink hair is our main
gulf rival who is now being taught by
the rival coach okay and so they're
coming oh so that's my coach up there
that's me obviously and so right now
we're not golfing right now we're
preparing for dinner because it's it's a
an overly dramatic gulf RPG and so can I
say it's weird that the text boxes
aren't in the same 8-bit style yes it is
weird by the way okay it I can say that
and you can be true in saying that it
like like it's like kind of slightly
distracting yeah I'm with you and it's
even more distracting every once in a
while the text like the the word bubble
will like shift with people and that's
not what would happen in an old-school
game and so it's definitely shifted but
it still looked like the 8-bit style
that would still fit in better see like
look at that that does not look No yeah
also um here's one of my harshest
criticisms of the game is the music
sucks so hard okay looking looking at
your avatar I'm presuming you cannot
customize it you cannot customize it I
know for a fact it would be either bald
or a grandma a grandpa why would it be
freaking blood-borne oh that's right Oh
granny GILF you know I started playing
stardew valley on the switch and I know
they have done a ton of updates since I
played it originally yeah and I was kind
of hoping they added that bald character
to the character customization they have
not they have not added a bold character
in started Valley
come on if there is a mod not for the
switch version
you shouldn't know I died check there's
not there's not a bald okay for the
switch version there could be one that
comes to the PC now but coach is burning
the roasts no but I did you know like
one I don't know if this was I don't
even know if this was part of the
original game you know you can choose
different locations that your farm is in
yeah like I chose I chose the Riverlands
yeah it's awesome
for fishing for fishing yeah oh fuck I'm
like I'm like a master Fisher and I'm
not even out of spring win
I just fish all fucking day it's great
and you know like there's always water
so you never have to worry about
refilling your can right yeah
and it's beautiful like that's what I
figured cuz I'm growing a coffee farm
and so I want all of my coffee crops to
be like next to the river it's gonna be
gorgeous bridge I'm so fuckin have you
gotten coffee beans yet I have not I
looked into it the coffee grows in the
spring yeah and you have to buy them
from the traveling ok salesman so I'm
not gonna have enough money in a year
well but now I know what to do like
concentrate on money yeah
come straight out money and get in my
farm in order for my coffee plantation
so I got all year just to raise funds to
buy so much fucking coffee it's it's
it's work to get it done but that
greenhouse would help you out that's a
good idea that's a good idea multiplying
the beans yeah yeah no I'm what like I'm
into it I the first time I played you
know when we did the review I didn't
really have a goal in mind yeah and it
you're absolutely right and you said
this during the review where this is the
kind of game where you need to have a
goal for yourself right and now that I
have a goal I'm super into it
really I'm just because like I know
exactly what I want to accomplish I
think like the hard part is as soon as I
have like my full orchard of coffee yeah
then you're done exactly that's some
stuff that's how it works it's a Harvest
Moon work let's start so but it like now
I'm super into it I'm I've already got
three hearts with penny so you know
pretty excited there thank you getting
moving my way up in the world yeah yeah
you know god I have just a tab open for
the stardew valley wiki so I know like
exactly the things that she likes yeah
person in the chat what do you mean she
there was a bug where she wouldn't fix
your greenhouse as far as I know you get
the greenhouse through the community
center bundles it's the the the sprites
sure that fix it you might be able to
get it through Jojo Mart if you give
them enough money oh yeah they might you
might be able to get the greenhouse that
way but I'm not paying any money because
I need my money for coffee beans right
well depending on how early you might be
able to get the greenhouse and how much
it would cost you'd only need one coffee
brain then you grow that and then take
the seeds you just replant that sure and
then you get your seats for the coffee
that way yeah so we'll see we'll see you
I'm uh I'm looking forward to it I'm
just super into it at the moment
just taking it day-by-day shame the game
won't let you open like a coffee house
but I mean like that cuz that's the
other thing though like I need I need
plenty of kegs to to make my coffee do
you make the coffee and the kegs would
you sound like a kitchen thing I think
you make it in the cakes yeah I built I
believe I read that you make it okay
okay I don't know if that's exactly true
look at his hair when he walks I love
that I have to remember how to play this
game now it's been a while I don't see
the actual golfing well that's the you
know I'm hyped okay so this is the
overworld yeah this is our place well
well Warren well Warren Grove I hate the
scale they have drawn this in well this
is the overworld I still hate it anymore
this is nor this is normal overworld map
alright so I think today's the day of
the well Warren Grove open I'm not sure
if I was supposed to go here and yet or
not
you may coughing the kegs that's what I
thought
that's what I thought so lucky I have a
lot of work to do and I'm building up
for stuff like I land like my hip my
whole approach to everything has changed
now like my stardew valley approach I
have like I have three chests would you
rather be playing you're starting our
game right now that's just what I'm into
right now would you rather be playing
that we're gonna get a little bit of
golf story in first all right all right
this is what we tried to play last time
I want people to see golf story because
it is fun I've complied stopped playing
it completely now that I have started a
lead like if you want to switch after an
hour I've all give you grief that's
that's probably because I can totally
tell where your headspace is super into
started and it is not I'll tell you this
it is not in golf story
it's not well there's no golfing right
now here's here's my another problem
I've been having with golf sorry very
early on very early on in golf story we
we got to do something really fun an
army of skeletons popped up engulf stone
engulf story and we needed to you know
hit them with golf balls from afar of
course of course and it was awesome
like that's exactly what I was expecting
this game to be like an army of
skeletons pop up we hit golf club you
know we hit golf balls at him to defeat
the skeletons since that nothing like
that has happened how long ago was that
a while ago many hours ago we gotta get
to the golf
I'm gonna get to the golfing I'm
desperately interested in seeing the
golfing yeah I mean it's standard golf
game but you know if you like that stuff
and I do like I used to play that with
my older brother all the time cuz he
would only play sports games yeah so I
have so many hours into every single
iteration of Tiger Woods golf I played
like Tiger Woods golf
I like the golfing mini game in Grand
Theft Auto 5 oh yeah their computers
falling asleep because we're not playing
on that do you understand
no like go golf games are one of those
like incredibly simple mechanics to
understand but still very satisfying
when you do them right 72x : warmth
shows does perk that randomly puts an
Advent troupe in your squad who can be
Eve act your button vanishes
I think it's implied that on the sky
Ranger your squad jumps in and beats him
to death that's great
that's an interesting perk how powerful
are the Advent sure like like though we
don't care if they die like having a
random soldier yeah yeah okay here we go
here we go alright so those are more
momen motors their moles
like we ain't you know our wind if you
look up in the top right corner so our
wind is heading that way six ply huh six
y6y that's a line six yards is what I
assumed I don't know but it's to go in
that way so we came a little bit this
way slope is looking good we don't want
to end up in the we don't want to end up
in the sand or in a mole guy's territory
because if your ball ends up in the mole
radius the mole takes it and puts it
somewhere okay okay they're evil moles
but I think avoid the moles I think if
we go here we should be good okay so
like any golf game yeah that white bar
when I hit the a button will start
moving and then the more powerful you
want it you know and for here for the
drive on all the way to the end and then
back into the purple is your aim so you
want to hit it power so pretty close not
perfect but pretty close nice damn your
perfect act felt pretty good damn near
perfect felt pretty good about that oh
here we go so now what you're saying
here is like well this kind of sucks
because I don't want to do a full power
yeah to hit here and so I don't want to
estimate it either so then you have your
this button where you can change where
that second shadow is so like if we do
it like right here you know like and
then put a little backspin on it so it
doesn't go crazy right here maybe
they got a hole-in-one yet jack oh yeah
I've gotten a hole-in-one it's awesome
denied oh fucking close that's all right
we can still get a birdie here yeah you
and it past a hole a bit ain't it past a
hole bit especially because if you look
at our slope it's sloping towards me I
want to put a little more mustard on it
I mean but we're pretty close Larry oh
great birdie that's good acceptable
birdie acceptable birdie oh that's great
like as you see like I'm on the next one
last time I played I got an eagle which
is two under par yeah pretty how many
courses really seems like there are five
that I know of okay but station amount
within every level there's also like
different challenges all over the place
so okay
so there are there are there's all sorts
of different challenges everywhere you
go comment the chat that's just tailored
for you ok mr. blinken says why are Rick
and Morty fans becoming more
insufferable each day I was just talking
to rich about this when I showed up this
morning as you people know or maybe you
don't I only watched the first season of
Rick and Morty and you know I I got it
just wasn't necessarily my show I'm a
big fan rich is a big fan of the show so
I'm catching up on all this news today
about Szechuan sauce and everything I
remember hearing somewhere that it had
something to do with Rick and Morty rich
what is the deal with Szechuan sauce was
a joke episode okay the season three
premiere that's it implied his entire
motive for everything he's ever done
bring back the Schezwan sauce which
apparently was very tasty yeah yeah so
this morning my news feed is flooded
with reports of angry Rick and Morty
fans verbally abusing McDonald's
employees because apparently McDonald's
said hey it worked for today only we are
offering at participating locations
Szechuan sauce again yeah and I guess no
one checked beforehand with their local
McDonald's if they were participating
participating and so apparently there
were there are stories of people who
like lined up around the block overnight
and then when McDonald's opened they
demanded Szechuan sauce and not only did
that McDonald's not have it they didn't
even know that it was coming back they
knew nothing about it and so people are
like yelling at McDonald's employees
over fuckin sauce rich
it's it's a what kind what kind of like
there's just so many idiots in the world
you know all fairway I'm in the fairway
I did it gonna be tricky right here I
like working more tea but that Szechuan
sauce joke wasn't the best thing in the
world well let's see you know you make a
little joke Szechuan sauce ha ha doesn't
everyone remember Szechuan sauce great
right
and then McDonald's goes the extra mile
and goes ok we this is turned into a bit
of a mean let's capitalize on this sure
will bad we got some Szechuan sauce in
some containers so much that fucking
right
but then forfeit there is no X unless
McDonald's employee slaps you there is
no excuse to yell at them right unless
they perpetrate physical violence upon
you there is no there's very little
excuse to yell at them might overshoot
this might overshoot this a little bit
slow slow that's a big slope that is a
big slope I was hoping I was hoping to
double eagle it but now we know the
slope is for real
another birdie another birdie way to go
very proud I'm Sandler so miss some
streams so I don't know if you've
discussed this but what do you think of
movie pass I've been using it for a
month and it's amazing one free movie
for ten dollars a month and 90% of
cinemas accepted is it is it one frame
will be a day another one free movie a
week I forget what it is but it's it's
not a bad idea
you paid $10 a month and you either get
one a day or one a week and I forget
what it is but do you watch that many
movies for those who do it'd be a great
deal one right like if you go to one
movie a month it would be worth or I'm
sorry one movie a week it would totally
be worth it all right yeah that's good
it was good look at this I'm rocking it
to under par they got nothing on me
they got fucking nothing on me it's
rivals name even on there do I even
remember her name that's the better
question it was she's nothing to you
she's she means nothing to me rich wins
pretty rockin I think if I aim here the
window take it far enough away
nice haul oh you know what I put some
top spin on it because I wanted to make
sure it got out of the way that was
delightful fucking wrong call yeah said
it's a stroke penalty how does that work
that is a stroke penalty so now I'm on
my third stroke yeah this doesn't seem a
good spot to aim the Windward is I just
don't wanna hit that mol cuz it like if
I hit that mall he's gonna put it in the
sand trap no matter what may be
significantly down over right yeah just
to place it yeah yeah you know it's not
a bad backspin on it all right
oh I got mold so close oh this is gonna
ruin my is gonna ruin me here you know
your rifles name now I do not have movie
ass you do not have the movie pass
movies yep bizarrely I don't handful a
year boom you saved it Jack are you
saved it
chip in I needed that I needed that yeah
you were so upset when you got your your
power wrong worked out for you didn't it
motherfucker well it's because I'm
awesome I'm pretty I'm pretty good I was
I'm pretty I'm rockin golf story though
like there's a couple things that
bothered me about the game and the music
sucks there hasn't been enough wacko
moments and they did that like little
overhead shot where they showed you the
whole course right yeah you can't now
look at the whole course again haven't
seen I'm positive that there is no blood
okay
to world map so yeah I'm positive there
is no how can they make money off movie
pass if it's only one per day for only
ten bucks a month because they're
banking on you're actually not using it
all that often who's gonna go to the
movie theater every damn day handful of
people are gonna do that and remember
that theaters don't make they're the
majority of their money off of tickets
they make it out the concessions yes
sure - that's true - and so if you're
going there more often you are
statistically more likely to buy more
shit from them the students probably
hate the idea oh absolutely
yeah but it's it's the gift card
principle what's that that number comes
out every year about like the amount of
unused gift cards and it's always in the
billions like people you know buy gift
cards and give them and they never use
them right companies love that sure they
get the money and then they never have
to give you any of their products
shit this should be perfect here with
the wind and the slope I'm assuming I'm
gonna roll out of mole territory
Cyrus the mild cold cyst Jack Cyrus what
usually I'm not a stickler for the facts
for the facts but you mislead rich Evans
this I can't abide rich I'm so sorry
I've misled you the new Google camera
thingy is encrypted Google can't access
content and it's not wearable it's not
wearable no it's where if it's not
wearable what's the fucking point hold
on okay encrypted I'll get to make sure
like Google doesn't you know steal your
shit sure that was more of a joke I
think on our part the the whole of
Google's keeping track ear motion they
probably do anyway this play you say oh
sure Google what's it called it's not
wearable this is it encrypted by who but
but by the company who wants but no they
say it's encrypted that would keep other
people from hacking it you know easier
I'm reading up on the clip camera the
Google clip cameras
what is it tell me what it is
okay hey ready clip is a 12 megapixel
camera the housing is 2 inches by 2
inches and it's got a clip on the back
to wear on your front pocket that's what
it says right here there it is a it's so
it's not like a wearable like a pair of
glasses but it is meant to be worn on
your person to randomly take pictures
throughout the day
Cyrus were waiting for a rebuttal if you
might have but you might have like
smushed a couple parts of what we talked
about together cuz we brought up Google
glass and so like that's a separate
thing though you're not allowed to clip
it on clothing to someone Cyrus saying
it's not meant to be warm then why does
it have a clip on what the fuck are you
supposed to do with it and why would you
want something that you can't wear on
your person to take random pictures look
like it's gonna take random pictures
inside your pocket what does this thing
for then if it has a like I agree if it
has a clip it is meant to be worn can
you shit together guys there's just
nothing but pictures at the inside of my
pocket I'm gonna delete all of these I
don't know why I bought this thing I put
it on it here's the thing rich I put it
on my table you know what I ended up
with at the end of the day nothing but
pictures of my table what the fuck oh I
missed
oh I miss Oh rich fuck I know I mixed up
the slope for the wind oh I suck gosh
dang it
gosh dang it
now you guys sure it's a real product it
sounds like an onion parity product it
was a rousing it was a very real product
at the Google bogie you the Google clip
ad by Google they show it indoors only
been used to capture family moments like
having supper or cooking that's bullshit
that's bullshit that's just absolute
bullshit you can open your damn eyes and
look straight through that and say that
they clearly intend you to put this on
your pockets you can take pictures while
you're out while you're out and about
right the fuck let's take pictures of
themselves cooking I get okay I guess
here here's here's a here's a use that I
could see forward they don't want it to
sound like a spy device okay hey Real
Talk
as a parent there is usually a there is
usually a push in a poll with me whereas
like let's say Christmas morning right
yeah I want to like you know be there
like present while my kids are open in
presents but I also want to take
pictures right so there could be a
really good example of like hey you put
a camera here it'll take random pictures
by the kids opening presents but then
also like I want to take specific
pictures will Google know how to do that
there's nothing a horrible product on
the whole it's it's interesting I think
it has and it has equipped people it's
interesting service do you work for
Google what is what Cyrus now what's he
going on about
since that's what it's for
a ball for you today mole 97 the jackal
says so Justice League is just going to
be an edgy ripoff of the Avengers right
yep just like how Suicide Squad was for
guardians of the galaxy yep well at
least it's not be vs Batman vs Superman
damn yeah new trailer dropped today I'm
saying yet hurry bot new trailer uh you
know it looks like the same grim
bullshit except for and like you can see
the the slow turn in tone
now that Joss Whedon is in charge yeah
the when they quit it seems to make
sense in the universe and there were at
least three occasions rich yeah where
people smiled but yeah once like once
again the main kissing conceit of the
movie is can these people who are so
different come together to save the
world
sure we've seen it before yeah I just
don't know oh my fucking god
that was way too much
we got we got these people don't worry
sir Baibars
says got a jet lag so I'm able to see
the steam ah yeah some love from the
Netherlands great and glad you got sing
straight we love the Netherlands maybe
to find nothing against just pressing
wrong buttons because I'm an idiot
so wouldn't matter that much when you're
putting the wind doesn't matter but look
at the slope right so I'm thinking if I
go here nope you know par but let's see
I think I think I'm still okay I'm still
1-under I'm still 1-under par which puts
me in the lead which you know that's
what I need I don't know or you know
what I actually don't know my rivals in
this one god I don't know what say uses
organised a showing of Blade Runner at
my local pub tonight fiancee came and
hated it never had a movie slash TV show
you love what your partner just didn't
like again but you know sure you can't
win them all you can't win them all this
is not a big deal yeah once you love
Blade Runner that much to like a
completely unhealthy degree well it's
like I could see I just everyone who
likes Blade Runner
then it's not true it is a fine film and
if you think it's boring I understand
that but it's still very I just don't
know what you're exaggerating between no
I just like this between the wind and
that slope I think he could totally go
beyond this mole I think so I think so
I'm gonna make it roll forward because
yeah oh I can just roll for him like
unless unless it's to the thing where
she's like if your girlfriend is just
like I just don't like science fiction
movies and you're like well oh I really
like them and want to watch them all the
time like that's when it starts to get
like wow do we have enough in common
good you could very well good is that a
deal-breaker right exactly
that's something you need to figure out
I know the over the over the weekend I
I was watching that new show that I
loved on Netflix called blow right and I
tried to get Lisa to watch it with me at
first and she wasn't really interested
because I like I love romantic comedies
and she's not a big fan and now I'm into
season two and I watch in love and you
know she sat down and watched a little
bit of it with me and I was laughing out
loud at parts and she was stone silent
there's like you know you don't like it
and after the episode was done I was
like I was thinking about watching
another you want to watch and she's like
no I'll just go read no that's fair I'm
sorry she didn't like my show it's so
interesting
oh my god you lucky motherfucker you
lucky motherfucker I'll take it alright
here's my chance for Eagle
this is XCOM tactical fault
pretty close I'll take the I'll take the
birdie yeah I'll take the birdie I'm
okay with the birdie next contact
I mean it's golf this is what every golf
game is as far as I'm concerned would've
been a great eagle but I'll take the
birdie it would have been a phenomenal
Eagle Berto Cabbage Patch says Cabbage
Patch says my mother is sitting next to
be confused about what the fuck I am
watching
say hi to end I am I am you're watching
two people play video games and talk
about pop culture live so we can
interact with you kinda like Anna Anna
on a slight delay it's very strange
such as life such as life Cyrus the mild
cold we've in quotes we find that
wearing it just to say it bluntly it's
not a good way to get good content
mainly because it requires you do acts
strangely just in pain product we'd four
little clips what do you do with it it's
it's it's literally like one of those
things where it's like you have a kid's
birthday party and you set it up
somewhere so like it can randomly take a
pic it's gonna take it's good so it's
gonna take 10,000 photos all from the
same fucking angle cuz it's just sitting
there right
that's stupid it's kind of stupid maybe
this is all a lot of PR no this isn't a
spy device oh no we're add we're not
just taking pictures or everything you
do know that's this is we don't want you
to wear it but also coincidentally clip
we got a clip on it you know here's a
little hat that it could be fit on but
it's not supposed to but it couldn't fit
right on this hat that's what it could
do but it don't we don't want you to do
that
all right no I gotta be smarter about
that's a time-lapse machine or you know
what just use a virtual camera put it on
your shelf and put a time-lapse on it
you can get digital cameras hey here's
this it's a it's a 12 megapixel lens you
can get digital cameras with better
lenses with more functionality for
cheaper this is a two hundred and fifty
dollar device but there's somebody made
it small and claimed it was hi-tech Jack
I'm sure it is very high-tech which I am
sure it's very high-tech
we see Blade Runner yet well I'm so
notoriously fond of you know the
original so you want you went right out
right out to see that yeah I'm waiting
on waiting to hear what other people
think of it and I'm curious as someone
who is a fan of the Blade Runner I am
very much looking and Ryan Gosling in
general well I think he's a very fine
actor I'm looking forward to see it I
didn't get a chance to see it this
weekend because I had stuff to do a pun
for going but I'm looking forward to
seeing
we can bunker this in
the third and I have heard Jay liked it
I haven't I haven't watched anything
about again oh yeah they're zooming
there'll be an episode it's up its up
already okay fuck Mike acted and I know
Jay felt the same way I did about the
original so I might like no one yeah
yeah that's true
but I did I did not run out to see it
first thing
Tomic mousetrap says Domino's gave me
the wrong order I ate it anyway
am i a wimp should you complain based on
principle all right your first mistake
was Domino's where do you where you live
is there not like a any any kind of
decent pizza place within 10 miles okay
Domino's is not the greatest but as far
as as far as fast-food pizza
Domino's isn't the worst it's better
than Papa Jones it's better than Little
Caesars I would go pizza I have a Pizza
Hut fan is there is there a anywhere in
this country that is not nearer just
like some kind of local pizza place that
has actual good pizza yeah I'm sure
there are lots of place is there a lot
to place just out in the middle of
fucking nowhere where you got you got
the one pizza place that's where like
where I grew up rich we had pizza that's
it there were no other out that sounds
horrible
what's truly horrible it was what it was
nothing you can really do about it
but you know as far as far as I'm
concerned Pizza Hut's Little Caesars
Papa John's oh no I'm sorry Pizza Hut
Domino's Papa John's Little Caesars damn
near any welcome place anything else
anything fuckin anything else is way
above that absolutely I'll give that
back
jack is wrong this is nothing but my
personal feelings on the fast food Pizza
hierarchy I will accept being wrong said
you got it exactly right
oh that's how this is how I feel about
it it's my caring everyone has a
different everyone's has a different
taste one but not like now of course I
live in the city so I have access to ten
pizza places that I would go to before
any one of those yeah because you know
there's good pizza in the world
there's delicious pizza in the world
people
something that's not I think I can't I
couldn't put you know like and I'm right
on the edge of the rough but like if you
put too far into the rough it it just
fucks up your aim because it takes so
much power and so you know I got the
wind at my back and some I'm just I'm
just gonna guess here that I can be a
little more accurate with my chip cuz
like I could chip it right here and it
should roll right in the winds at my
back I might even hit the pin check the
slope too if you know I just got to make
it one bounce okay you're in the zone
jacket nice birdie that was a nice
birdie right there I enjoy golf games
rich I really enjoy golf games this is
just quite simple classic I would go as
far as to say Blade Runner 2049 end up
in my top 5 favorite films like this
year for fucking all-time Feridun that's
a bold statement I'm looking forward to
it you know that's to say oh you haven't
seen that you haven't seen a rival yet
right no same director and a lot of
fuckin love to rival I love Blade Runner
I love rank I don't know why I didn't go
see it this weekend I think I think she
turned the difficulty there's no
difficult math sir I've mastered this so
you know I just can't help it that I'm
so fuckin good at golf games Anonymous's
a problem with the McDonald she's one
says one Szechuan Szechuan ooh I like
that better though JJ Watt Shinhwa this
is Islam
the Jesuits on the sauce yeah releases
the only made two thousand packets for
the whole country each
each store that had the sauce only had
25 packets and 300-400 people would show
up for him because it was just here this
isn't a real thing this is a stupid
publicity stunt right and they just they
they underestimated the insanity of some
Rick and Morty fads yeah that's a fair
statement yeah this was this is what you
know what this was rich a publicity
stunt gone horribly wrong yep had they
had they anticipated the demand this
could have this would have been joyous
news all around
yeah these idiot cartoon fans got a
sauce hey everybody's happy but now it's
the fans are idiots
McDonald's idiots everyone's an idiot
basically yes
all right what I'm what I'm trying to do
here I'm gonna put some backspin on it
and I'm gonna try to hit the rough
because this is a long this is a long
drive here yeah if I hit the rough that
should slow the ball down just enough to
land on the green you you go for it Jack
on the green you did you did good Jack
on the green that was good that was my
plan I did it I can now this should be a
simple birdie if I can adjust for the
slope
oh I didn't I didn't I didn't do it I'm
gonna get par still but that hurts that
hurts right there that would have been a
nice birdie I'm still three under three
under par everybody three under par
that's great that is a great score and
look no one's even fucking close to me 1
over par 2 over par fuck man get your
shit together it's kind of depressing
this is the first golf tournament of the
game first I thought your ways into this
did you restart no I'm always into this
this is the first golf tournament of the
game I've played holes before where I've
done stuff before I was the first
tournament like I got money for that ok
yeah ok putting in this game looks
pretty weak I expected more golf game
I'm reading the things it's it's pretty
like I guess I didn't explain the
pudding too much I could I'll go into
that more next time it putt but it's I
mean it's similar as to your other
strokes and it is a simplified version
but you've done a tournament yeah did
you want to go start a domino are you
are you are you now fully entrenched in
golf let's see what happens next
alright you know what maybe something
weird will happen finally maybe more I
can fight more skeletons
come on but what did rich think about
blade line of 2049 yeah would you think
well I don't know I don't I don't know
why they needed a scene in the movie it
was 30 minute long just boardroom
meeting with the you tiny core just
meeting and having a discussion about
the latest model of Android fucking that
scene was 30 minutes long I get like
rich it's always a balancing act because
you want to make sure your world
building is on point right and you want
to make sure it's a realistic world when
I think that's something that they would
have in in in their world do you think
and so like a lot of people said that
that seemed dragged because it was 30
minutes uncut
but you know what the strangest part for
me was the camera didn't move at all it
was it was almost like security footage
well they did stuff first movie filmed
entirely with the Google clip really
yeah that's why the camera doesn't move
at all because you're not supposed to
you're not supposed to wear the Google
right you're not supposed to worried so
she's not a table and they film the
whole movie with the Google clip
interesting yeah yeah technology it's
great you know like it wasn't it wasn't
necessarily my favorite scene the movie
but now that I know that at least
perspective and your fuck Ridley Scott
yeah getting his claws in this and I I
know he's got a hard-on for the alien
right now did he really need to bring
the xenomorph into the Blade Runner
universe I know we said that the same
universe before but do we need to
actually fucking see a xenomorph rip out
of an Android and we had fucking an
Android xenomorph rich like a lot of
people will complain about fanservice
okay but I thought this was totally
appropriate here yeah be like one
everyone knew that it was coming
- it was fun and like that's what was it
what we want to see is fun and we saw
the Android and of course like no one
ever mentions the xenomorph ever again
in the movie and so we just know that
was just a fun little thrower that was
just like a that was a that was a big
exaggerating oh shit I got a ton of
money adorable Oh
you know what they did earn it
I'm sorry they trained me yeah the world
of the one I think is my ex-wife she
gets half my stuff the other guy
sponsored me to be in this ya know
Sawyer that's how everything works like
your manager doesn't doesn't act in the
movie but your manager helps you get the
role the movie gets cut a little bit of
thing yeah absolutely you don't like it
you don't have to have majors this is
the thing but then you don't get the
part totally earned sorry I'm sorry dr.
Liu adopts us question for Jack oh yeah
is that fair do it up with them when you
had a beard did you get many comments I
have a big beard I get a lot of
compliments one person even called it
Almighty but there are people who tell
me to shave people just come up to you
and tell you defeat that'd be weird
yes it's it's one of those things you
have a beard people just strangers and
like when it was full beard I still have
to find those pictures for you guys of
me and full beard like people would just
come up to me like people would ask to
touch it it was weird my friend Tim
Higgins you know as a prereq Tim for
still right now has a giant moustache it
like a rolly fingers must I said he like
greases and curls up yeah it's his
trademark Stan yeah and he says women
just come up to him and without even
asking touch it and he's like what what
if I just came to you and grabbed you
tits like that's that's you can't just
go up to someone and touch it but he
says it happens constantly like he'll
work like he works at a that many dates
out of this he has you know his wife oh
I think if you were single he would feel
very different right right
but yeah not people would comment on my
beard all the time
shaving it is completely up to you
obviously I know and I know if for some
reason people have become obsessed with
me growing my beard back it's all over
Twitter like every single day someone
says this is fine beard that was a fine
beard Shh you know at one point it was a
fine beard but you know but also right
now every other person has a beer will
you cut it off if you're a bald head if
you had a beard where would the world of
wine be Jack I I'm really lucky I've
glasses like and like right above the
ear like wherever your sideburn you know
like yeah I'm kind of know like were you
shaved so like I would cut it off right
above the ear and I'd cut it off in the
glasses so that would work for me but no
I'm not growing the beard back for
several reasons the most important being
I couldn't stand it oh man I don't know
like what was it like a little bit ago I
tried to grow back and the second it got
long enough to like get food stuck in it
I was done I keep this really short oh
sure that's not really a problem with me
you see but even that like I don't like
even it like if a piece of food got in
it and then I'd like you know wipe it
out I would still feel the need to like
wash it
so in any case my beard is not coming
back okay
headed and folks the bid is not coming
back
Gately says hey guys I was wondering if
you received the awful mr. hush in the
mail yep wouldn't be surprised if you
never get around to washing it down also
know if J's seemed three amigos yet hi
Ann hi Ann I think they're saying hi to
some call Ann right but hi Ann hi Ann
again I don't know you but hi as far as
mr. hush I'm probably I don't I don't I
don't think you understand how many
movies we get a ridiculous a ridiculous
amount there's people who send in care
packages in addition to all the
individual wrap ones we get we get a ton
of movies
oh and that like that doesn't count like
the movies we get for ourselves I got
one coming in the mail soon yeah I found
I found one that looked really great
okay okay but it's like ya know there
are so many movies that come in every
every single day
so I've probably gotten to check the
mail like Friday so I probably have it
look we get so many in I don't remember
that one specifically there's one person
who sounds like like what a day yeah
sometimes multiple a day and he would
save so much money if he just like like
instead of every day like maybe once a
week or once every two week just in a
box you could save on the postage but
just individual mail like one a day same
person hey person bulk that together it
would make sense it would save you some
postage and look at right now of if
anyone's curious I'm looking for my
dad's golf there it is
oh now now I can go now I can do my
extra long drive during regular golf
like super power should drive shots def
jar on the channel come great thank
scrolled off-screen yeah says hey guys
just wondering why all the hate for
alien isolation taking a second look I
think the game is a really well-made
survival horror game especially next to
all the triple-a titles that are
released today I was just curious in
hindsight you guys thought differently
about the game and it's
sound production design in terms of
quality well know that we had much bad
to say about like sound production
design they obviously spent a lot of
time in here making it but I thought it
was a boring experience and that has
changed to be fair I hate didn't like it
so I didn't replay right I haven't even
thought about going back to play the
game know something we know we talked
about during review is seeing the seems
like you could I could at least to see
the alien AI and it was derpy hey the
aliens didn't look very scary I did not
feel like I was being hunted I felt like
at random intervals the a I told the
thing to pop out of event and walk
around and pop back up every now and
then right I did not feel start at any
point yeah
yeah and so just you know and it could
just be like survival horror isn't
necessarily a genre we enjoy but it
wasn't very scary I think the other
problem of it that we talked about
during the review is it was also trying
to scare you while simultaneously
prodding the nostalgia factor of alien
right and so like all I was thinking is
how cool it was to be in the alien
universe I didn't necessarily care about
the alien or wasn't scared I was like oh
I like that mom than this Trumbo this is
great you know
comparing it to thief it feels like it's
just a completely half-assed elf game
sure I could see that I could see that
so it just it didn't do it for us you
know many people disagree with us and
I'm okay with that
compared alien isolation with Slugger I
have absolutely no interest in slender
the original thief was fucking amazing
guess whatever I refer to thief that's
what I'm talking about not not the
reboot
oh hi so now to see what can you tell me
to do meet me a tidy Park Golf & Country
Club okay I think I'm going to a new
place now I have a bunch of money so I
if I wanted to I think I can buy a new
putter that does something special
so like the other neat thing about this
game is while you just walk around
mm-hmm at any point you can just drop a
ball and hit it and there are some
anywhere anywhere yeah so it's like if I
wanted to like I'll just you know do you
get the thing for making that home no
robbed hit the flag nice but you can and
there are actually like some puzzles
where it's like you'll have to hit some
stuff and you'll open up secret areas
once you give it area I opened up was
this mini-golf course what happens if
you hit people
ah that you like that you know birds
children and they oh yeah they have this
mini golf club for sale or the this
putter for sale golf course it is so the
whirly putter can bend shots we should
buy that I mean you should buy that I
don't know what it is but never will
equip the worried putter well you know
what we can test it out
you try you tell me
what you can't play that mini golf
course I'm sure I can I just don't know
putting green
nunim says check I'm Jack if I put one
slice of pizza upside down on another
slice of pizza is it a sandwich Papa
John sucks yes I think that is a
sandwich whether or not it's a good
sandwich I can't say I see no reason to
put one slice of pizza on top of the
other so you know here's where we get
into tricky territory rich right is a
calzone a sandwich or is it its own
unique I you know I've heard this with
hot dogs and all that I no longer give a
shit yeah yeah I suppose I don't know
why you'd want to do this
get around an obstacle sure but I can do
it now so there we go
great alright we're getting out of here
doctor do what I'm since
I'm no I am now thirty hours into max
calm and it still feels like no time has
passed yet finally a game that rewards
Mike where's Lake play style right any
fun ideas for future playthroughs lol
de-sect my sectoid like I don't know I
don't know what you mean
like fun ideas for future playthroughs
like you could you could you could do
like a a theme with your team I had one
XCOM run where I was modeling everyone
after GI Joe characters oh look a spooky
one the nice thing with with XCOM is you
get the you know the character name you
also get the nickname yeah and you just
take a look at the old GI Joes you can
actually find what their names are
supposed to be Conrad Hauser code named
Duke Scarlett O'Hara scarlet classified
Snake Eyes
tell me you're a Chicago storm shadow
bit yeah that's a good idea
like it may call it may call your
trooper is something fun fun little yeah
yeah basically play a little dress-up
great my rock says always have a pizza
in the freezer then you won't have to
waste money on garbage fast food chains
also hi thanks for all the videos since
I never catch you streaming normally no
carry on
fraudsters thank you you know like
they're the the frozen pizza market is
now booming with quality with quality
things you can even find like there's a
there's a place here there's a Milwaukee
that locally makes frozen pizza and
they're delicious yeah they're called
like cedar teeth or something okay and
you can find them at like outpost or
like the hippy stores and so it's like
someone in Milwaukee makes their own
frozen pizzas and they're great and so
it's like local frozen pizza you can do
it people
you can you can eat better food you
don't have to eat garbage all the time I
believe in you
oh you want like gameplay changes Dexcom
uh take a look at the second wave
options for playing enemy unknown enemy
within or you could just take a look at
whatever our mods are out there I don't
have anything specific I can give you
but take a look at what's available and
see what's interesting to you
super internet Mike says oops oh wait
now that a super internet okay but
superintendent for a second I read it
wrong no it's secured it Micah says hey
guys did you tried ruiner yet and if so
what did you think doesn't look like my
kind of thing but it looks like Jack's
kind of thing but I don't know the jack
has tried ruiner yet I have not tried
ruin her yet and for no particular I
mean I guess I just been playing another
shit you know then you try and hit him
in the face I don't know what I'm
supposed to be doing here what's the
goal I don't know why are you here I'm
supposed to meet coach over here but
these guys aren't letting me in and so I
guess you know what I'm saying do you
what are they saying I stopped paying
attention what I'm assuming here is if I
can make like some holes they'll be
impressed with me okay if I make holes
outside of the fence okay so that's
that's my running theory that's saying
you need to beat them in a dance-off oh
so close so I got time what's up with
you three out of four shots landed on
the grow there it is there it is
so I just need to I just need to make it
inside the circle sure to do a little
bit and it's not the green it's it's
rough it's rough so it should slow down
pretty significantly and I put it back
that's which only reads donations no not
a few not a few impress me
maybe maybe try saying something
interesting boom eat it dick eat it like
if I see the same comment over and over
again and I'm not reading it maybe it's
because I don't think it's a very
interesting comment to read maybe you
need to stop being a dick dick oh fuck
it Holy One let me into your club now
bitch
I'm assuming the refrain dear
hole-in-one there yeah I was saying that
was awesome I'm not gonna say I'm a golf
story master but I'm pretty damn good
like I do like what when I was playing
this you know before started eval I came
out when I was playing this I found
myself constantly just being like
fucking yes you know you hit that ego I
think I won I hit a double eagle which
is two under par and just like I'm
awesome I'm saying at golf story master
I I'm pretty I'm pretty good at golf
sorry and most of it is cute and like
when I'm playing by myself i you i am
reading all of this story so because all
of this stuff from golf story is
adorable
it's all over dramatic and very adorable
I'm gonna assume the developers are
Australian though because there's a lot
of weird English to it yeah and it feels
Australian waters are slow a lot of mate
yeah yeah so why the change in form hit
format for the cup head review finally
some several reasons hold and let me
first first and foremost we don't have a
set right now the several reasons one
let me just say I really liked it yeah I
really like I think it's one of our most
concise episodes ever I like it well no
no yeah I think I think when it's when
it's the video of us as an editor I get
lazy sometimes it was like and I kind of
let it breathe a little too much but
when I'm just editing the audio every ah
um or repeated incitement is fucking
gone because we do we write when we have
the conversation we say the same thing
over
over again to make sure we get our point
across and so we don't have a set right
now and it's all all all prereqs is all
about getting rid of the bottlenecks and
usually we have two things that take up
the most time setting up and tearing
down our set
yeah because we don't have like we don't
even have a permanent set no matter what
right and so we always need to set up
our area shoot the episode and then tear
down our area Oh huge pain in the ass
yep
so this recording session was us
literally sitting here and talking into
these microphones and it was great now
here's the other here's the other genius
part about the cup head review and the
the new style we are trying we feel we
recorded on Tuesday yeah I had the
episode up and running Thursday
afternoon that's that's not bad that's a
day and a half at it and that's unheard
of for video like that would be so
stressful if I was editing video because
there was no importing footage there was
no transcoding footage there was no
rendering out it was all just edit times
so it severely it dramatically reduced
two big bottlenecks right for us getting
an episode out there so I really liked
it and something really exciting
something that I'm working on I'll give
you a I've teased it a little bit one
the man who made our little
illustrations I've commissioned him to
make several other ones in that style
using different emotional range and so
he showed me a couple rich concepts of
like you know angry rich yeah confused
rich sad rich so I can cut to these
little adorable illustrations and of
course higher quality ones because I did
get some positive or some constructive
feedback yeah saying that you know the
the illustrations didn't look that great
yeah because there were lower
resolutions so we got some nice high
resolution images now of us and
different emotional states so we can
have a little more fun with the editing
right we're really excited about that
so we're definitely going to give it at
least one if not two more episodes
because you know a lot of the negativity
is just because it's a new style there's
a lot of negativity in the comments and
I see that I also don't really care I
don't really care either this this and
it's faster I thought it turned out fine
the lazy part of me yeah it's fine with
it I had to move around a bunch of
fucking lights and couches and shit
right want to shoot right but no but
it's also it's the same thing we're
having the same discussion it's just
easier to produce and so I think a lot
of the negativity comes from the fact
that it's new and different and so we're
gonna give it a few more episodes you
know to ease people in but uh please do
it the new way more I've also will I've
also received plenty of positive
feedback people do like the new style
did you know we didn't like cuphead in
the right ways fucking fucking hell both
rich and I really enjoyed koppad and we
said it like a dozen times in the
episode we thought it was a good game
have any two people ever gotten more
shit for people who liked a game being
angry at you for giving it a positive
review why does it always happen to us
it was a I think overall it was a very
positive review because we said some
negative things about its hype and about
its gameplay don't you just want to
start banging your head into a table
when you hear somebody say that we gave
Metal Gear 5 hums down right what start
banging your head into a table so many
people in the comments were just like oh
no surprise they hated cuphead they
probably weren't very good at it like we
said we liked it we said we liked it man
we said we liked it but it's also not
revolutionary gameplay which is not the
same as saying it's bad somebody was mad
about my comments about the music music
very good I was complimenting the music
by saying the game was weird when you
took the music out that was a fucking
that was intended as a compliment
that was a compliment that wasn't just
intended as one you said the music is
gorgeous in fact it's so good listen to
it without the music and it's weird
people are idiots but you know overall I
really I really liked the the episode I
liked how it turned out and I'm looking
forward to doing it again to see if we
can
you know to see if the second date
the other thing as far as like figuring
out the numbers as far as like how long
it took to make and whatnot it was also
a short discussion it was also a
significantly shorter discussion than we
usually have and so for our next one
might our next one might be a little
more meteor and so figuring out if the
Edit time is the same I'll say it is you
still want to do the one you just want
to wait for Mario I know I still want to
do the one I think I think that I you
know why cuz I think it needs to be
talked about I don't think anyone's
talking about it there and I just want
to business here so I haven't got much
time that I've been busy with my I know
you are thank you anonymous madam says
here's a contribution prereq new capture
card fun hey thanks for all the hours of
entertainment
you've given us over the years holy crap
yeah thank you babe
we appreciate that there's you know this
new capture card brought to you by
anonymous that's why we get to play the
switch tonight so losing I have to shoes
and I have to visit her to talk about
money okay
okay yeah this is me schmoozing you only
pick one person to schmooze with or yeah
yeah I'm supposed to choose with
everyone like I go around and talk to
everyone I think that's that's the price
supposed to like listen to what they're
saying here but fuck it says the shop
guys play music on the house PA recently
the spaceship monologue from the tales
from Genesis space starts playing in the
background of a song which one of you
hack frogs is editing EDM maybe
whoever's doing that as a fan of the
show and and sneaking stuff in quite
possibly like if you listen to the the
deadbolt soundtrack by Chris Chris to do
Lou the guy who did a risk of rain yeah
one of one part of the deadbolt
soundtrack has the oh my god from troll
2 in it he's eating him he's gonna eat
me oh my god and like that's what starts
the song it's great chill Zola so since
you guys are staples in geek culture and
love star wars because Star Wars is love
there are Wars is life it's true any
chance of you guys playing Star Wars
Knights of the Old Republic on here nope
Mikey battle says longtime fan I just
wanted to say thanks for the
entertainment and thank you rich for
getting me into XCOM well I'm glad to do
it no read into it
you've ruined another person's life
that's ours I was wasted away in in in
tactics
madam says hey guys and you have either
of you tried the stranger things mobile
game it's surprisingly good I have never
even heard of these stranger things
mobile game I think they came out with a
free mobile game to help promote the new
season I have heard good things
yep I have no I don't like I don't even
know how it plays or what it's supposed
to but like I remember like glancing an
article going hey it's one of those free
games that's an advertisement but this
one's not so bad okay
so also rich as someone who isn't a big
fan of floors how do you get into the
Halloween spirit hey I'm not a big fan
of horror movies but just Halloween's
fun enough fun holiday yeah and then
again spider web decorations so lintons
yeah yeah that's fun stuff oh yeah
I put up my Halloween decorations of the
weekend pretty excited about that no
your writer your draconian restrictions
have been lifted
Halloween is at the end of October
October is about Halloween it's
September has nothing to do with
Halloween rich the Omega freak says
players are running into a great glitch
in the game if you save while in the
tidy Park clubhouse the main character
sprite shrinks down to ant size you guys
need to save their source polygon that's
where we are right now
does it ruin the game no all right let's
see what happens and if we crash then
I'll go over to start it out the source
polygon makes me think this is some kind
of joke
okay oh my I got to get through this
text dialog and then I will try well
treat you know what we'll try it out it
ruins the game do it do it do it no I
was like it might break the game do it
it's a game breaking bugs that's great
polygon is a gaming website it's also a
controversial gaming website yeah well
hold on anywhere in Teddy Parker do I
need to be in the man in the mansion
because I'm not in the mansion anymore
now I'm in tidy Park
things are weird like that like you know
like if you do this one thing in this
one area you can fly for the rest of the
game
why because code is weird okay so if I
save here I don't know you might have to
look up this glitch it's not like I've
ever done it right okay so I need to I
need to see her about money I need to
see her about etiquette lessons and I
need to dig up some better clubs and
then I could be a member of this guy so
like this is the RPG yeah and then I'm
sure like for each of these I have to do
some sort of Gulf related tasks okay
okay you know how many Oh
decent number like what's the end goal
won't be the best golfer oh well hello
what's our uptime how long we've been
going I have no idea
it's 7:30 I'm gonna throw a gulf we
start we started we said early we
started before 6:00 just just before
6:00 not too much yeah okay well so
we've at least been going an hour and a
half yeah that's a decent are you are
you dumb enough sir I'm cuz now yeah now
we get into a lot of the the the fetch
quests I gotta go here anything and then
go here and do the thing and so like
that gets a little tedious I'll tell you
what so if
I'm just a hop on over it's a star to
Valley and continue construction on the
coffee stuff unless that must they
really want to see ruiner which is also
another thing with the deal said you
want star to a ruiner I got a feeling
it's gonna be ruined
okay and that's fine you tell me I'm
done with this chat tell me what you
want to see because that's I'm I am here
for your enjoyment and I'm okay playing
either so you can see what's going on
he'll start do ruin or star to runer
fuck we need another we need a pole yeah
I'll do it oh right oh right the TV's
missing okay hold on I'll do it I'll do
an official poll we're gonna do an
official poll hold on pause pause for
poll is our poll maker chat voting what
game
vote one first it's our do exclamation
point vote two for luminaire and we will
run it for 180 seconds and start voting
what do they do develop exclamation
point vote one four star do exclamation
point vote - no spaces the floor ruiner
I did it earlier and it works great see
look you can actually it tallies the
votes okay
I froze isn't it great exclamation point
vote 1 or 4 star do and what the one is
star do - is ruin oh yeah but you have
to say you have to type in exclamation
point vote one four star do and
exclamation point vote - for ruin it ok
oh this is working great this is working
great this is a beefcake this is a nice
feature
beefcake what can we do for you your
phrases leftover beefcakes fine twitch
chat watch your program it gives us the
chatter lottery it gives us chat voting
and it saves all of our subscriber names
for us fine thing a final for any
streamer and it's only $19.99 per month
I don't know what you want to target for
beefcake start selling this is great
ruiner is going away with it by the way
people really want ruiner McDonald's is
bringing shame on Shay Swan sauce shank
this winter says via McDonald's Twitter
rule was that the shark after this but
this publicity stunt by the botched
publicity stunts
well someone they might have known they
were going to run out and then the hype
would only build further and so that
when they actually announced its full on
coming back it would be a huge huge
after you get the the viral stories
about fighting going on in the
McDonald's this might actually be 100%
planned
I don't know maybe maybe mama says dear
jack which is worse Game of Thrones fans
or Blade Runner fans as the Blade Runner
fan I'm obviously going to say Game of
Thrones fans I any here's the here's the
thing any fandom can have obnoxious fans
any fandom the the question is what's
popular right now so you just hit like
so Game of Thrones is all the talk right
now and so like that you just get Game
of Thrones fans everywhere mmm every
single thing has awful fans because
because there are awful people in the
world that's just how it works but you
know as a fan of Blade Runner obviously
I'm going to say Game of Thrones fans
what has the worst fans besides our LM
Star Wars that's pretty bad if today's
any indication Rick and Morty fans anime
fans
cuphead fans no they couldn't win the
Metal Gear Solid fan you know like you
get the right way
alright voting has ended we'll be
playing ruin their necks that is okay we
can do it is safe margin by a safe
margin that is fine now here's I'm gonna
go take a small bathroom break that's
fine that's fine I will be back in a
moment that will play some ruiner
nonno says I'm watching TNG for the
first time and I just saw the episode
where the Klingons cloned their version
of Jesus
I can't imagine something so bonkers
being included in a serious show
nowadays yeah well that's not what's
home they're going for him they want to
go grim dark grim grim series grim like
like Star Trek discovery I have not
watched the third or fourth episode yet
though but yeah they probably couldn't
get away with that now and in a show
that wanted to be serious
they'd probably do it on the orville and
they ripped up everything else
TNG why not that one specific episode
too
Panama says hey guys love the show you
guys should play Knights of the Old
Republic next stream it's a really cool
RPG and won Game of the Year in 2003 no
go fuck yourself anonymous says hey guys
my wife just started her first year as
an elementary school art teacher and she
is supposed to dress up something on
Halloween what should she be Miss
Frizzle dr. Dubin Abbas's for me the
professional studio setting is what
separates your reviews from the 98% of
other YouTube reviews it brings in a
different dynamic and provides more
rewatch ability I hope it stays in some
way not bring up one up again one when
Jack is back yeah tongue on I still
haven't watched Discovery episode 3 so
no point asking me if I've warmed up to
it yet I'm not I've not yet watched it
I'm probably going to possibly tonight
possibly tomorrow night I'll watch
episode 3 & 4
