Episode 871
Roasting Jack's Nuts
October 11, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oC0y5437NJI
___________________________________________

good now great all right all right great
that's weird so something that I talked
about at the beginning of scream if you
weren't here for that part during our
review of this I know I kind of had very
middling field yes a lot started Valley
and rich made I think an excellent point
which is you need to have a goal in this
game and if you don't it's gonna feel
like boring work but because I have a
goal in mind now I am super into it I
have my farm my roasters farm as you see
and the switch that has some bugs
yeah of stardew valley the game is
fucking allowed okay I'll fix that alone
I will fix that I'm so weird saying the
switch controllers yeah what's the goal
Jack's goal is to have a coffee farm
that's nothing but coffee yes absolutely
nothing but coffee beans that is what
I'm trying to grow even gonna bother
with a wife huh even gonna bother with a
wife oh yeah we never we never got
married really never got married okay
turn the phone down tell me if this
volume is is better now yeah we're gonna
we're gonna marry penny like I got
really close to marriage and then I kind
of like fell off after the rain but uh
let me know if this sound is okay yes
good volume okay great
seems to be good all right great
so you know here's that here's a really
weird thing with the controls it has
this option to use controller style
menus right yeah so if you click that on
which I'll do right now and then you go
over here to your crafting menu hmm then
you just you know click on stuff but
here like the problem is for some things
I'm not gonna get the bug now there are
some things that you are at least when I
just had a couple rows there were some
things that I couldn't click on when I
had controller styling mousse on and it
was really frustrating because there are
certain things that you just couldn't
craft oh but actually it looks like the
bug is fixed now that I have more than
one row so I'm gonna keep the controller
salmon mousse on but before I couldn't
before I could not oh that was a while
ago and and I found you know they had a
thread about it on one of their forums
so if you see here you know I'm getting
them I have some good hearts with penny
just I'm concentrating on penny
with a minor and Abigail because I might
get Jody's above her mom's not even
emerged and I know but so like well I
made a mistake with Abigail I gave her
something that I thought was on her
favorite list but she didn't like so
like I stuck her step back with Abigail
I wasn't paying attention for purple
rocks purple the Atkins amethyst
amethyst is what she likes but so like
pennies my major
Abigail's my minor cuz I might change my
mind but oh that penny penny its
sunflower that's that's that bitch penny
likes poppies poppies yeah penny like
penny likes puppies
all right let's see where I am lady just
likes anything you find on the ground
outside she's really easy as far as
gifting goes Leia that or salad from the
bar is like even better yeah that's just
cheap it's cheap cheap gives all year
round
oh that's right my watering can is
that's biscuit so I've never actually
seen the river look fun this is
interesting to me I don't have a ton of
stuff right now and I gave my watering
bucket my watering bucket is getting
upgraded now yeah but like look at look
at the river from there's just water
everywhere it's glorious one of them
farms is like a monster farm there's
monsters can wander around really yeah
yeah yeah so I'm pretty excited about
this I have most of the area clear what
am I gonna do today rich today what do
you need to do well I don't have my
watering can you know what I think let's
go to the mines let's go to the mines
today I think you need to figure out
what you need to do to unlock your
greenhouse right well I need so like
there are two important things for me
right now and even money yes to buy the
coffee seeds because they're expensive
well the usually other option with the
coffee seeds they're expensive yeah but
when you grow them they make more seeds
right you just need one exactly we just
need one so I won coffee being in like a
greenhouse you got that coffee going all
year just keep growing more and more to
your greenhouses for coffee say what is
um honestly like here's the thing yeah
so here here's a bug in the menu I can't
get to the tree which one's the tree the
tree is to see what the critters need
you know oh wait wait wait
go to the top menu go keep going right
nope no so there's the bug is there a
like storm luck it's luck again to get
there - or whatever the fuck it is there
we go
it's not only from this menu okay so the
pantry reward is the green house there
might be a way to get it through jojomo
sure what you're getting is money like
the pantry this is not easy like what do
you let's see what you need oh yeah I
only have a couple spring crops crops
that's easy enough see that that's easy
he's no bundle that might be hard I was
gonna say he's coffee part of the
artisinal but oh no what is that top
right that's that truffle oil
oh it's truffle oil you need you need a
barn for that or you need fruit trees
and fruit trees take a while to grow
they gotta you can't get a quality crop
fund oh that's easy
Jochem mark it might just be a simple X
amount of cash so then you lose the
community center
you have to choose shoes there's two
ways you can get the upgrades you either
do the the farm stuff the happy friendly
gears milks got the milks that you need
or you you give Jojo mark your money and
a midget like the cloud down the
community center it's gone it's not an
option anymore you get all the upgrades
but you get it by giving them money at
Joe Jamar oh really
really I don't I want that coffee for
well the question is how expensive is it
to get a green house and how quick can
you do it through Joe Joe Martin well on
today's Sunday yeah judge immerse open
on Sunday okay well you know what we
have to go do some exploring okay but
they won't be open yet so let's the
fucking fish I gotta put some candles
away here showed your marks evil no no
Piero at the general store is evil he's
a greedy bastard he's no saint
he's just smaller listen some of his
dialogue
he likes fleecing people that pierre had
the local greta local mark judges at
least up front about big dicks
oh wait did I have a golden count I have
one treasure chest
I've one chest that's just dedicated to
my golden drops okay and I already have
a gold that's great so I can sell this
all right now let's that wasn't a
truffle oil in the pantry list it was
jelly any kind of jelly roll
I think truffle oil is also in there I
thought that's what it's appointing
truffle oil was the one on the top left
right so maybe you were looking time
blow now you're looking top right when
you do we need to do is some Explorer we
need to do some research today so we're
gonna go to Jojo Mart and see how much
it is for a greenhouse but I also could
use some more iron so eventually we need
to go into the vines okay
you make a lot of money just with fish
oh god yeah rather than doing your crop
business oh are you kidding like I'll
show you I'll show you how am i leveling
up and show you where my fishing is
especially with this lake right next
yeah oh no I'm one of the first levels
you get to choose and fishing is whether
you make oh yes look at this look at my
fishing level compared to everything
fucking right right yeah that's to be
expected because you know there's water
right outside my house it's thirty five
thousand for the greenhouse from Georgia
mark that's it you could probably get
that far quicker than you can get the
bundle from the battery that's gonna
take you like a year because you need
some of those like the winter crops or
the one out the whatever the winter
foraging or whatever it is you know they
get the later seasons yeah but your tell
you're telling me as soon as I give Jojo
more money as soon as you get there card
I believe the community center instantly
even available I don't know they plow it
down I've never gone that route myself
but I know you closed that off you know
what that's just a decision I'm gonna
make Mike convert into a warehouse or
something for judgment Dirk yeah yeah
and here you know they replace it with a
warehouse yeah here's the thing as we
know the little spirits are real because
we've seen them could be hallucinating
what's my like is that just what I'm
gonna have to tell myself yes that's
what you're gonna know I saw it I was on
some drugs the wizard gave me drugs jack
yeah why do you think the community
center is in disrepair nobody uses it
the first fucking place
fucking climbed down and put any useful
warehouse so that the big shopping
market provides cheap goods for the
locals can use it for something
productive I mean you're right no those
those little apple spirit things no I
just hallucinating those I don't know
what you're talking about
here's what our plan is our plan is
we're gonna we're gonna go into this say
is this chest and get our bombs get our
field snacks get our slingshot
and we can put our whole away we
wouldn't need our whole we need our acts
actually you don't you know you know
what I'm gonna say this cuz if you go
it's like one or the other because if
you do that if you finish the community
stone yeah Joe Jamar closes people work
at the Jojo Mart nobody works in the
community center that'll put people on
you're putting people out of on the
street by completing the community and
if they're not if they're not working
that means they're not buying my
products as a farmer fucking Shane is
depressed enough as it is
what's he gonna do what he doesn't have
a job Shane is suicidal as it is Jack as
it is I need to close that community
center you're absolutely right rich it
would be cruel of me this is your game
you can do what you want this is a
permanent thing
yeah there's no going back
that's that if anyone else Joe and Dave
let us turn the old community center
into a Joe Joe warehouse isn't that
wonderful
not yet can you just give me prices you
can't give me price I need to be a
member in order for him to give me I
know you need a you need to get a
membership card then they close the
community center for good and so like
but all that stuff like removing the
crystal rocks they dough mining you can
buy that through the children you buy it
all through the Joe Jabbar I'm going to
the mines Oh what happened oh I almost
clicked yes I need to think about I need
to think about it you you I mean you
make some very strong arguments is what
I'm gonna say you make some really good
points but I don't know if I'm ready yet
to murder the happy little Apple spirits
did anyone else see the Apple spirits
the wizard the cool though the wizard
the wizard the kooky the cookie man who
lives in the silo hole and who gave me a
drug potion as well we need some iron
iron is what we are here for all the
shit we need to build takes iron I want
to build some crab traps I want to build
some I want to build a lot of shit to
get me money oh yeah it all takes
fucking iron-rich say something I run it
they said quick I can't I can't force
that that's true forces hey guys rich
watching old stream with you playing
starter and I saw that you had a baby
dinosaur how did you get him and what
you're awesome you ever get all the
legendary fish I've got long the
legendary fish they could be quite a
pain quite they're quite difficult some
of them I bet and the baby dinosaur like
I got it sometime in your one just
something you can randomly dig up I
forgot if it was in the mines or if it
was the you see those little sticking
out of the ground little wavy things
look like worms yeah it might have been
through one of those oh sure just a
random yeah it was either it was either
for that or breaking some kind of random
rocket of mine I forgot where I got it
specifically but you just dig up an old
egg and you can incubate the old egg and
it turns into a dinosaur yeah big iron
Oh
I haven't found woman on my current run
I don't know how where they are I'm
something they're fairly rare oh yeah
dinosaurs fucking dinosaurs rich get it
together man baby Dino is in treasure
chest fishing or artifact spot in the
mountains
okay so wiggly worm thing in the
mountains or fishing from a chest less
use a bombs they're all together I
always break those crystals I don't
think do getting me oh look at that Dan
iron I don't know that I ever had kill
those little guys too but sometimes you
get coal from them oh yeah schmoopy oh
fuck yeah this is this run just became
worth it open the door on the floor as
many as XCOM
that's the all-time leader yeah is XCOM
saved the community center
jax is not sure whether or not he wants
to tear down that eyesore yet we know
how rich feels I mean from from the
sound of it it sounds like it will it
would be significantly easier to achieve
my goals through Jojo probably more
expensive in the long run than the
number of food or whatever you need just
to unlock that but quicker yet yes
definitely quicker 35,000 is a good
harvest oh fuck yeah no but I mean
listen I can make that a few and like a
we go fishing you know the despry it's
black things yeah I've got it from them
before dropped coffee at a 2% rate mochi
b85 high Wreckers like but no matter
what it's a springtime plant so I either
need a greenhouse yeah or or wait till
next spring anyway yeah yeah it's a bit
late to start now oh yeah it was the
last day of spring yeah yeah oh you
don't have any growing now do you
nothing important okay cuz it's all
gonna die yeah mochi be a 5-time okay
okay stardew valley more immersive than
VR game or uncharted or whatever hacky
game masquerading as an immersive
experience you guys just talking about
it has me immersed in stardew valley
yeah i mean it's one of those things
where stardew valley does not draw you
in stardew valley forces you to draw
your self in and if you are willing let
you know like this whole back and forth
about choosing between Jochem art yeah
and the community center if someone just
looked at the paper they said oh it'll
be way faster to make the money but like
if you allow yourself to get into the
spirit of the game go oh but the happy
little sprites and the town folks will
have a nice community center for
themselves oh I gotta breathe if the
people lose their jobs at the Jojo Mart
it's unskilled employment so it's
healthy unemployment as they transition
to new jobs that need to be fulfilled
yeah
to me hey tell me really fucking easy
for you to say
tell me tell me fucking this in Pelican
town how many new businesses are open
right are you right are you telling
pennies alcoholic mom she's gonna become
a web developer what kind of internet
access we got in Pelican town zip all
right
this is the only job they have unskilled
labor is all they got whoo - defense
like that what am i blues give me now
now oh yeah we're switching to tundra
boots boots and then this ring this ring
it gives me a increased magnet power
link then I got a light ring little
makes it glow that's all it's 7:30
do I think I can make it another five
levels five well you know you want to go
every five I know I know I'm saying that
because I'm thinking right I'm gonna I'm
gonna call it and just go do some
fishing
okay
I'm gonna go do some fishing just you
know get some action okay you can it
would take some luck yeah no I know you
know what that was a really good run oh
you know what I'll do is I'll Stoke some
some fires get some of this iron smelted
while I do some fishing
that'll be that'll be a good use of my
time you know a little under four hours
until bedtime I have some nice stuff
here some good oh yeah look at that iron
22 iron that's a good run just a bit I
mean for how early it is again you know
I'll take it no I'm sorry it's not bad
that's that's four bars iron absolutely
oh you know I'll put away some stuff
that's not this is my this is my my
foraging have you color-coded them all
of course I fucking color-coded them
what am I an asshole
look at this winter roots that's great
well if you if you do decide to do the
bundles hold on to that winter bleep
that's one of them that's one of the
winter ones wonder ones could be a pain
to find sure put rocks away we need our
coal you go away slime goes away Oh bat
wings go away and any winter crops isn't
the ancient fruits like a special one I
think I think that grows in one or two I
could be wrong well I I haven't I have a
couple ancient seeds and rare seeds that
grown fall right now I don't have
anything that grows in the winter flash
well you have an ancient seed already oh
a rare seed
I'll rare a rare seed takes all as so in
fall takes all season to grow that's one
that's for one special event it's the
only really use for it yeah I didn't
know what it was I just got it I had
cash to burn yeah don't worry about it
I'm not gonna worry about it just gonna
go fishing in the day there are there
are like foraging wild winter seeds I
think I think could be but it's not like
a full set of crops normal crops yeah I
think like for that they want you to
have your farm got your barn going see
animals going which I haven't decided
what I'm gonna concentrate on animals or
not like it's a good money-making
revenue not really yeah isn't that a
great way to make money animals
mayonnaise gets a ton of money well
maybe just chickens then from mayonnaise
I don't know if it's a ton maybe maybe
there's chickens okay instead of getting
like a coop and a barn just get a couple
Coons if you have a lot of eggs you make
some good money in wine yeah art isn't
yes artisanal goods are big bucks but
you don't need animals for choosing
goods
get yourself some kegs and some some
pickling vats
oh yeah well I'll need kegs anyway so
like that's high up on my list pigs can
make a lot of money but here's the thing
it takes a lot of money before you can
get a lot of pigs yeah
barns a lot of it the big barn to let
you get pigs it's a lot that's a lot of
investing a lot of logs little rocks but
chickens chickens fairly cheap chickens
are fairly cheap and just make it make a
mayonnaise farm oh I'll do mayonnaise
before coffee night fishing boom give me
a better fishing fall I want those iron
bars so I can get some crab crates up in
here oh yeah
I thought I remembered crabs making
decent money I I didn't fall in love
with crab crates cuz it seems like half
the time you just find trash in them oh
sure well I have a couple of recycling
machines and I don't remember I just
don't remember
I'm loving fishing though oh shit it's
midnight
get that cash adorable now now that I
have a goal Kitty here B is kitten
caught an eel dream I like it almost a
grand that's not a bad day for for
spring year one all right here we are
first day of summer summertime and the
livin is easy yeah
you tried Dan Aykroyd's crystal skull
vodka last night was it surprisingly
smooth because that's all I've heard
about it yeah got some iron bars working
here I get some copper going
[Music]
you can get the same quality vodka much
cheaper in a less cruel bottle let's be
honest you're paying money for the
bottle Jack do you have any thoughts
and/or opinions on the mother /
Earthbound the games you play those I
played a little bit of earthbound ages
ago and actually I purchased it it was
on sale for the 3ds yeah there's a 3ds
version so I have it you want to talk
about it I was like no I well you know
we're always looking for for kind of
like retro look back game sure minutes
the only one we've ever done got us in a
bit of trouble even though I think
history has proven us right do you think
me talking about a beloved JRPG would
would not be just throwing gasoline
straight on the fucking fire and you
know what then that'd be good for us
it's a good fire right there man
okay somebody needs an earth crystal so
take that with us like jobs today
okay we've got geodes we got geodes to
crack open
that's my chair gum so they use them all
to only have two cherry bombs left
that's upsetting okay pull out in case
we need to hoe anything up Ritchie's
don't understand the things well yeah we
thrive on conflict review the fuck out
of it bridge that you thrive on conflict
that's let's just flame betas all theirs
cuz I don't damn well know that way go
over that's just flame babe right that's
just doing it for the cliques
Oh some of them made it sound like
rappers made it need to get my watering
can back boy I don't know if I bet I
can't this morning about there we go
got him all right I need to find Haley I
need to find that bitch Haley Oh what do
you need her for she's she is a she
wants an earth quest crystal she said
she'd love me forever
we don't have an earth crystal to give
her they don't go there is so I didn't
realize that you had the big backpack
settle the fuck down rich you think I'm
not on top of this shit no I don't
[Music]
[Music]
it's like for some reason I did that I
have a gut feeling that I really should
murder those apples rights I don't know
what it is
[Music]
come on Clint anonymous says what's the
grossest thing you've eaten Grey Poupon
[Music]
recently this is right not the grossest
thing I've ever eaten but uh there's a
restaurant near us that does like full
office okay which I like I like falafels
a lot and they had their eggplant fries
okay which you know eggplant slice like
fries deep fried you know fries and so
like it was just me and the boys one day
I went there for a falafel oh eggplant
fries that's like healthy and the boys
might eat it cuz it's crunchy like a
french fry right and then you know put
it down in front of them and they looked
at I was like this is not a french fry
you're not gonna fuckin you know trick
us and I was like guys don't work here
I'll taste one I'll tell you if it's
good Matt and it tasted like a hot foot
it was awful it was I don't know if the
eggplant had turned but you know like in
front of my kids and it's official I'm
just like oh this fucking gross yeah
don't eat this and my kids talk about
that all the time because that was like
the one time I agreed with them on a
food I'm just like what if this is like
the eggplant fries - so now like if I
make them eat anything I have to eat a
little bit of it to prove that I like
right Russell but these eggplant fries
they were the fucking grossest hey got
my watering can
Thanks alright break open some geodes
dude current lives in time yeah I don't
get eggplant yeah that's not the worst
thing I just don't understand it but I
never had an eggplant fry so I mean
theoretically it's just that eggplant
you know but deep fried so by all
accounts this is capable of getting
crispy they probably put something on
okay I got a donate these to the museum
and then Marable oh I got a donate that
oh well that's good might get a reward
go see penny oh wait no I have a book a
book version
I think the books automatically go down
you can read them after okay we got some
shit to donate you didn't have an orange
Rock of money the boxes that wasn't
museum item did I yeah oh you already
got oh yeah though yeah yeah so it's a
duplicate I see I see
yeah like this one I have two of his one
right how do you like a perk that gives
you like double of things that come out
of an geode or some things that no I
just had five geodes okay you got just
that many duplicates already yeah my
find lots of good shit in the geodes and
fishing I'm getting a ton of stuff from
them for the chests piece of furniture
jackin rich do you like fiber pillows
I'm not that big on pickles right
ordering a cheeseburger is always a
hassle for me yeah I I can't stand
mustard that's true yeah it's nowhere
near the level of mustard but I'm not
that fun to pickles and I don't want
ketchup anywhere near cheese Wow yes
meat and cheese maybe lettuce three
things I don't want to another
cheeseburger like three most common
ingredients they put on cheeseburgers
and I love all that shit on
cheeseburgers I think like pickles on
cheeseburgers are great I will
frequently order burgers plain just
because it's just easier sure
I can definitely see that
I can bring a clam to the Community
Centre for the fishing thing well I
could just make money money
tomatoes are gonna burgers lettuce
mayonnaise is really good in the burger
you know I'm a big fan of mayo lettuce
but I also like pickles in matters like
the mayo lettuce and pickles add a tang
a crunch a nice contrast to the deep
meat flavor
oh fuck did I not put any bait I just I
made a whole bunch of meat babe right I
made a whole bunch of new bait and I
forgot to put in vinegar on my sub
sandwiches yeah but you don't like
vinegar yeah it's a texture thing that
you don't like the crunch yeah it's not
like I said it's not like it's not like
mustard where I absolutely despise
everything about mustard yeah yeah
that's yeah that's exactly what you
needed great glad I could help
we're penny go oh she's quite a teaching
already tomatoes lettuce onion mayo
that's that's my burger tomatoes lettuce
onion mayo yep
oh I only have two days to find all that
gold or Gunther Flint
no cheese well that's a given
Jesus a given it's called the
cheeseburger you know I didn't say a
hamburger I didn't see what my hamburger
toppings were right Jesus is like the
main ingredient absolutely oh I'll have
I'll have a bun with just cheese on it
before I have a bun that's just got the
burger on it
absolutely
with rich rather eat a pickle or watch
Justice League how about I'm an adult
and I'm going to do neither of those
things if I don't feel like it
you have to choose you have to choose
one rich you have to you have to because
the internet the Internet
[Music]
okay
that wasn't one of the choices rich I
don't care about your arbitrary
restrictions I'm gonna live my own life
the way I see fit
I'll tell I love pickles I love all
sorts of pickles
I'm a big fan of pickles lots of sweet
peas sweet pea wasn't a flower that
anyone like loved Ryan like I don't
think so laya likes him because the 4
inch well I got a love I think every
like I think any sort of flower is a is
a universal like well I don't I don't
obsess with giving everyone who loved
gift though I've got something a
villager just likes and all hey they're
right there I'll get old
absolutely absolutely what in the plants
that are still there now three spots
with the copper that's right do I have
any so I do have summer plants know that
everything in the game one person loves
it's very hard to keep track of that oh
absolutely
no like the the Wicca the wiki no yeah
it's is the same is great and just so
necessary if you're trying to do
anything sometimes it feels a little
like cheating you know especially like I
I really it was it was like Saturday and
I had only given penny one gift and I
came across something that was in her
love I was like fuck I gotta get this to
her and so like I looked on the wiki and
it even tells me where they are every
single day it says like that felt a
little stalkery but I'm gonna allow it
just to make giving gifts easier once I
I just made a shit ton of beer okay I
grew the barley and I just made a shit
ton of beer because most everyone
there's like for people who don't like
beer yeah not everyone loves it but
everyone like almost everyone liked it
there's just here's a beer here you have
beer in town just go up the ton here's
your beer I just had a stack of beer in
my inventory
whatever you run across someone here's
your beer yeah I suppose penny oh no
pani can't have it don't accidentally
give penny the bureau it makes perfect
sense and she doesn't like beer and
there's no it's it's a wonderful
intention to yeah I really wanted
alcohol yeah yeah I really think that
was amazing that they thought about that
was probably a day where he had to sit
down and well what would these people
like yeah
what would a be like I think it's great
you guys are ah you are you I thought I
had summer summer seeds your fall like
driftwood it's a piece of garbage lay
Alexa cos she's an artist so would I can
I can carve that into something yeah she
likes the driftwood she's the only
villager in the town
fertilizer first got a fertilizer first
you don't have to but it's wise well
well I always forget and think I can
fertilize after people watch get off my
nuts
what's that room did you find an agency
maybe that's an agency like I kind of
forget what I planted I'll be honest
with you they're still growing and I
planted them in spring it might be an
agency which if you planted that early
that's good yeah
that's you can make some money I turn
that into wine you got you got that
relatively early that's a good thing
well great well there we go all right we
got a nice little area over here so
that's good to go now pause take your
time still got a few hours up some day I
could really just fish the day away cuz
like you know why not right it's Monday
plenty of time to get presents and I
don't really have any good oh wait what
did I just get just okay we got you know
what I have to go full stocker for a
second here
I think that's star fur I think they're
both good for wine on the ancient wine
seat is anything to sneeze at even
though star fruit wine might be
technically more money
Jack currently does not have access
starseeds starfruit so that's a complete
moot point and I don't think I have the
blueprints yet to build a a keg I don't
know what I need to do to get those
blueprints but hold on first thing I
need to see I need to stock penny at the
moment I'm gonna I'm gonna check her
Facebook account to see if she likes any
of these that's what I'm gonna do if she
loves any of these minerals she's a
she's a classy girl she's gems is
diamond emerald yeah I just planted some
melons so I will have some loves for her
which would be great she's gonna be my
lady I know I know it's the expensive
gift stop saying so I'm saying she's
gonna be my lady let's see what Abigail
likes amethyst amethyst pumpkin and with
his pumpkin yeah okay well you know I
just got those new gems and so it's like
you know just anyone loved those new
gems Emily I think well she's a new AG
she I think she likes a fair amount of
gems she's Oh F oh honey yeah yeah she's
in vain they're thinking about the care
of her she's new agent she likes this
ship she's third tier for me like on a
whim I might just say fuck it let's try
to get Emily so it's it's penny Abigail
Emily all right bat away we can put our
watering can away everybody's events are
weird yeah I don't really involve you oh
man like she has a dream like you're
actually there
well she has a dream about you yeah
oh wait that's not my watering can
all right you know I think I'm just no
fish
I'm just gonna fish for a bit find a
nice fishing spot no person in chat
whose name I still haven't read it's
never gonna fucking happen I just want
the name one of us Jack I just shut them
down I shut them down with some reason
never gonna happen
Wow I that I wasn't going to read that
person's name I guess you know that's
that's your decision that's fair Zyklon
van 9-1-1
have a nice day thank you for watching
this truck you decided to go anti jerk
oh you're moving shit these summer fish
man
they are hoppin high I'll get to those
bubbles but I don't think I can reach
them
nope I don't know what the boat I forget
what the bubbles are but I heard that
it's got to be important right up here
sorry bubbles I just can't reach you
mama says which popular movies do you
not understand the hype for mine our
John wick and the arrival John wick was
just a big action sequence the arrival
was boring and simple repeat the first
part of that question which popular
movie is do you not understand the hide
form okay so but John wick is one big
action sequence that's what the hype is
for I think you understand what the hype
is for it just doesn't necessarily
interest you like avatar I got that the
hype was for 3d yeah I did not share the
height right right
arrival I still think is great I know
like a lot of people apparently this
person didn't you know thought it was
too simple but I thought it was a very
well done sci-fi movie John wick is like
yes it's just a big out light like a
like fury road where it's just like it's
just one big car chase that's what the
hype is and that's why people fuckin
love it - rich and I got the perk where
I get 25 percent more money for every
fish I send those to the recyclers right
away I should have built my recyclers
closer to my main fishing spot hindsight
cuz I don't think you can move them I'd
love to be able to you can pick out it
will just read and I promise you it will
be straight hit it with the pickaxe
that's good to know that is good to know
man ah it's great cuz I got this little
fishing pier over here I'd love to have
my recycler right here so I can keep
fishing but you're right
like I I can't understand you know like
the the big movies that I don't
understand are like the big dramas like
that that you're like crash you know one
every Academy Award and it was just
melodramatic schmaltz where I'm like
don't you we get this everywhere isn't
that every fucking movie
Star Wars is just a bunch of people
shooting lasers for two hours I don't
see the appeal but I don't either
I know you're trying to be funny but
honey but it's also true like Blade
Runner is just Harrison Ford drinking
for two hours I don't see the appeal
I don't either I do like the original
Star Wars movie right it's joke it's one
of jokes rub one yeah I do
i genuinely do not understand how anyone
even a Star Wars fan could be so blind
as to like rogue one I really I really
just don't get it that movie is so bad
room two will be better is that is that
gonna be the movie starring the charred
corpse yes here we go boom to recycling
machines right next to my fishing spot
nice Anonymous's autonomous fury road is
one big action sequence yep but the
action is good and there is weight to it
John wick is bland action with bad
characters and
that acting no I I will give you that
the action in John wick you you don't
necessarily care if anyone lives or dies
and gentlemen yeah I'll give you that I
haven't seen John work to yet but I will
give you that
fury road do you generally care about
whether the characters make it or not
rich when you guys talking about robot
legs Darth Maul well you guys were they
actually did that or not
I was not surprised that they would do
something so stupid in the Star Wars
Expanded Universe but I do not follow
the Star Wars Expanded Universe no I I
was not aware I am do not at all shocked
right
put like old stars in my gold star bin
so you yeah he even had robot spider
legs with a robot with a robot spider
legs coming out of the bottom half
though no the top half you need a robot
head right no robot spider legs X more
legs two legs you just need more legs
you would be great at cartwheels if you
had two legs on the bottom and spider
legs on the top just slipping all day it
was literally it was the dumbest thing I
could think of and that's why I
suggested it of course of course that's
great
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
doo doo none of us is what do you think
about people who cosplay for the
premiere of big movements like those
people who go to Star War premieres
dressed as Jedi and have lightsaber
fights in the lobby I I think they're
weirdos I think they look stupid I think
it's just a fucking movie but you know
what they just don't make them happy so
I don't fuck alright they can they could
look like idiots if they want to or the
public I don't I don't deny them the
right to do that just let the people
have their fun man
two ancient seas boy that's pretty
judgmental considering where we are
right now yeah but I'm kind of being an
asshole for fun I would never do it
myself but go ahead
[Music]
do we have Klingons to thank for a
modern cosplay did we owe that to
Klingons did then that start with people
dressing up like Klingons and going to
Star Trek inventions is that not the
origin the the question is who do you
blend it to you
do you blame Klingons or do you blame
comic books
Klingons I'm pretty sure that's started
with with Star Trek conventions
when when were the early comic book
conventions they were around but at back
in the day I don't remember seeing a lot
of people going dressed up I'm sure
people yeah I don't remember that being
a big thing and I would be willing to
wager people going to conventions
dressed up started Star Trek conventions
I'm not I'm not meaning to discount I'm
just thinking of other options okay you
might be right you know because I bet
people were also dressed up as you know
the Starfleet but that takes
significantly less skill you wouldn't be
impressed by someone just in a Starfleet
action right mm-hmm
could be Klingons
rocking hoary dates but is absurd Rocky
Horror nice wood Rocky Horror alone
though have inspired modern cosplay you
know basically what you're talking about
what you're talking about is fans
[Music]
dressing up with no monetary
compensation just for that fun that's
rocky horror that is Rocky Horror bright
I think we would have spread to comic
book conventions without people going to
Star Trek conventions dressed like
aliens is that is does there exist a
history of cosplay documentary this is
an interesting question because honestly
this is an interesting question who
what's the earliest recorded cosplay I
like it
bullshit there were Trek conventions
that predate rocky horn but were there
Trek conventions that people want to
dress up this is where Rocky Horror this
is super interesting yeah
Star Trek I probably did would have
started with like the standard Starfleet
uniforms every it's just so fuckin easy
but taking Miller shirt yeah and you
slap a fucking Starfleet logo on it
there you go got that and some black
pants and some boots your set a really
easy costume to do the original series
I'm going there are you reading it going
on the minds
Klingons wouldn't have been cosplay
worthy until TNG well the motion picture
that's what that looks started those
Star Trek the motion picture is that
yeah where did the ridges start Star
Trek the motion picture okay then
probably popularized by Star Trek three
and what yours yeah pretty sure it's pre
like 83 84 maybe pre pre TNG pre T and G
bought that get that might give the edge
to comic book collections as far as
people expertly making their costumes
right yeah you're the modern and Klingon
look to Christopher Lloyd in large in
large part Christopher Lloyd he was the
head Klingon in Star Trek 3 he was the
bad guy you're absolutely right I didn't
even think about that
Doc Brown savage of bloodthirsty Klingon
warlord he's great can we just say that
Christopher Lloyd is
mark Leonard was wearing the same
costume in similar makeup and it was
wearing similar makeup was it the same
costume in the motion picture like the
exact same gun I had to go back and look
right but I know I know the head ridges
started with the motion pictures for
sure the motion picture yes Christopher
Lloyd killed Kirk son
Doc Brown Doc Brown killed the Kirk's
only child and in order to make up for
it he had to invent a time machine and
go back in time to undo that or maybe
that's why he befriended Marty McFly you
know as a way of atoning for the murder
yeah that makes their relationship makes
sense because why else would Marty McFly
the friend an old scientist but I do
believe the head ridges that mark
Leonard had and his one shot as a
Klingon in the motion picture would be
different looking then the makeup they
went with in Star Trek 3 and that's what
defined the look of Klingons into TNG
okay
that goes make sure you ever tried to
learn to speak no ghosts but I'm willing
to be a fan of something but I am not
willing to be a fanatic learning Klingon
that's that's a bit extreme for me
that's where I draw my line can I just
say rich I'm really glad that that was
your answer if your answer was something
in Klingon if you if you were to say
like Rock yeah I'm offering I say about
my mother
no I probably feel like rich I gotta go
this isn't gonna work out
good luck in all your future endeavors
that's that's an exaggeration I probably
just make you say weird stuff in Klingon
yes be a fan not a fanboy
this has to be a joke and honest wants
to know what our thoughts are on anime I
don't watch anime sorry the Western I
scrap like Dragon Ball Z in one piece
are ashamed boring but the more Japanese
stuff like Cowboy Bebop is great
especially if doc I got Nico Colossus hi
rich and check you guys have a favorite
film director a couple favorites if you
can't choose I have a favorite I've
greatly enjoyed movies by Steven
Spielberg John Carpenter James Cameron
there's a lot of good all around
no not all of their movies have been
grade right not like I've talked
extensively about how I believe that
Kevin Smith is personally responsible
for my career in many ways that doesn't
mean I like all those movies but uh you
can probably listen dozen other
directors of it like you know Darren
Aronofsky I think has so many positive
attributes to some of his movies not
necessarily all of them yeah there's a
lot of directors who I just like
I gotta go
Penny's probably getting out of school
now I have a leak and she likes leaks I
have to give those to the museum
probably oh no I don't
flower to give you or something down and
within fuck it I'm not even gonna worry
about you right now Abigail
[Music]
here wait wait
haha what's going on thank every leaf
she liked it she liked the leek
she likes leeks and dandelions okay okay
and so I make sure to keep a few extra
you know cuz those are just the thing
she likes my always five oh there's a
flower okay I can go give Abigail that
far you're in the zone huh I am in the
fucking zone I know take the fucking
flower I'm gonna want to cut it off soon
okay no I will just finish this day and
we can get it up now that like that's
fine
wait where'd you go baby baby baby Big
Trouble in Little China is like one of
my favorite movies over
[Music]
where did fuckin Abigail go she in a
room she was just on the bridge oh well
I have a flaw I can give her a flower
another day I don't I like I don't need
to give her a flower today but she was
right there and then I lost her check
check the champ why he's not in the
bridge she might have gone back home
shops closed oh oh yeah no we're not
gonna friends we're not good enough
friends yet oh well fuck it I went to
college so big trouble a little China
for the first time recently and got
nothing out of it
hey movies weird like that yeah people
love it or they get nothing out of it
they don't get it it's obviously as
someone who loves it it's very that's
very surprising to hear I think you
either love Kurt Russell as the man who
thinks he's the protagonist but he's
clearly not or you don't right
they're never wealthy always rich this
hey Jack how is your gaming pc going
fine okay it's no problems with my
gaming PC I have no problems with my
gaming PC everything runs perfectly
smooth all the time I've picked up a few
a few freelance jobs that I've just
recently picked up might call for some
more intense After Effects work and I
recently got rid of my editing PC my
iMac and I now edit solely on my laptop
which works perfectly good for just
editing regular videos but anything
graphics intensive I want to do I will
need something with more power but I
have this lovely gaming PC right there I
so far have not used it for any editing
work because you know I'm trying to keep
it as separate as possible and I don't
want to bog it down with you know cuz
you know once you start fucking around
with software downloads and updates
that's gonna that could create a some
sort of bottleneck somewhere right you
guys shit right in the back well I don't
you know I I don't even want to like
possibly screw things up and so I'm
waiting to see how much like After
Effects stuff I need to do and we'll see
basically it's basically a we'll see
but so far everyone's got everything
every game I've ever tried to play on it
has played perfect at 60 frames a second
I could probably you know even bump
stuff up to 4k but I don't really care
about 4k and I don't have a 4k monitor
Phil it works perfectly fine to 1080
yeah we had to give up Project Hornets
too many of the test subjects got stung
to death efficient use of your time this
is the important part you know not just
fishing make sure you got stuff going in
the forge of course I'm fishing over
here I should be fishing close with my
recycler ease in case I pick up any
garbage hey come back you fish fucking
fishing look at this game look at this
thing like a deranged rapist get on my
own
what kind of rapists abusing listen get
on my horse ladies if you ever hear that
in bed just get out even if you consent
to the so the whatever just get on my
just fishing I'm getting the most out of
every day rich fishing recycling forging
iron bars I have a weird photo right now
I just have a weird farm right now
and I kind of love it oh yes also rich
is joking for project Harmon people are
working on it and we're getting close to
maybe seeing some seen something in the
next couple weeks we'll see Sam yeah my
friends everyone talked about that lady
I want a lady friend date him oh no I
know that I don't even care like I don't
want to be I don't care about being
friends with anyone else I don't know
what Big Trouble in Little China was
supposed to be about please enlighten me
I just felt like the movie was an inside
joke I wasn't getting the movie was a
joke you were getting not an inside joke
it let you in it's it's it's uh I was at
the time modern action movie but the
joke was the the hero the the big the
big American hero is a boob who is in
over his head and doesn't know what he's
doing even though he is absolutely
convinced he does like and maybe maybe
it is just from the time period because
like at that time you know think of your
fucking Chuck Norris your Sylvester
Stallone your Fortson egg who's not
American but like the big action hero
fixes everything and saves the day
because he's awesome right and he spends
most of the final the big epic final
action scene of the movie are pretty
honest spends more than half of that
fight trapped under a heavy dude
and that's hysterical literally everyone
around him is more capable than he is he
does one thing good and even he is
surprised at that brilliant it's just
fucking yes he literally knocks himself
out by shooting his gun in the air and
then the debris falls on his head
it's been way too long since I've seen
this movie got a mining upgrade that
movie's so fucking good man yes you eat
faces he does face is the end bad guy
and he's got that Kim controls lipstick
smeared on his face because she kisses
him before so the final epic encounter
he's got he's got his face by the way
and it's like for anyone who's on the
fence over whether or not there was a
joke that was it like that was the
classic take on the the hero kiss and
then goes man she would easily have
heard the bad guy said she comes over
and she's immediately she wipes it off
so I know that's
[Music]
oh fuck we gotta go I gotta see that
movie I gotta watch that movie again
fucking love it like he liked it he even
starts and end the movie narrating how
awesome is let me tell you a story of
old jack the joke is he's a boob yeah
well I don't like I said maybe that it
maybe it is just like a caps a time
capsule because like I think you do see
a little more it bombed at the time
[Music]
happy people weren't ready for it now
but like now we have like Chris Pratt in
guardians of the galaxy right is
basically the boob hero yeah or or has
aspects of the blue here and so that's a
lot more common just in our regular
heroes Jack Burton isn't the hero he's
the sidekick but he's clearly the
protagonist though because the movie is
written from his point of view he's not
he is a boob he's not the hair away is
the competent one yeah
but he's totally the focus I mean is
that the movie is built around the joke
of of Jack Burton right right and that's
the yeah Jordana puts it the best he
thinks he's the hero yes and that's the
joke which is great all right now is the
point of the stream in which we spend
some time and thank all the people who
have subscribed to us during this dream
much like Kevin TGB
solo 56 7 for 21
fucking months in a row 21 fucking mud
surrender says this has been a
worthwhile investment yeah you're losing
it
this has been a worthwhile investment
when do I get the return on the funds
hey check back in a couple years
Varya 77 421 fucking months in a row
says 21 months of goofiness thank you
magnificent bastarz the great yeah the
great mad slaves
no you're right slave you're right I'm
sorry
Lulla monster skip it Brown be a shrimp
paddles says two months of Jack being so
wrong about everything except for Big
Trouble in Little China but that's
because I agree with you I think I get a
pass space Jack 2084 from 19 months in a
roses 19 months the days go by like
broken records thanks for introducing
minor variations on a regular Barry a
minor variation on a regular basis
that's at work before you got here I
know I'm saying I'm sorry things went a
little longer than expected
it's very super into stardew valley of
them I know I know come on homie sir
favors captain otter 726 spider-man oh I
get it
spider-man 67 says love the chill
streams you hack France the real net boy
for 18 months in a row who says man
drooling girl I can't even read this
bear mandrel mandrel tiger there you go
nice nice snarky Doyle the gaming Damon
says hey guys love the strange look
forward look forward to them every week
yes chef in my sauce as much as one
shows just one my sauce we're talking
like eight hours ago your flying v8
Swan slinger says five months of sweet
sweet Amazon cash for my favorite hack
frogs thank you we love it we love it
SEC tux breena's God says today I
learned that twitch beta doesn't seem to
allow subscription messages like the one
I'm typing now
thanks for the early stream today fellas
and probably if you want a message they
probably want you to do a bit the bits
are there that would be my guess
cheek ah muumuu for twelve months in a
row who says thanks for all the
entertainment Jack ampersand rich taco
salad Tuesdays oh right we're still
reading Timbo five one four I don't know
what I like I got two I saw I saw it
started to valley went dark
and you thought we were done and I was
just I just became hopelessly distracted
simple five-foot-four zyv when you read
those when you read an arc 1985
benjamine Oh free right ho Jeeves says
hey guys I'm happy to be giving you a
cut of my Amazon money thanks for giving
me background noise while I prep dinner
on Sundays and Wednesdays you're welcome
shut the door
bearsy says name Richard Edlund
Wiseman's born from the ashes of his
summons the ghost of Richard headland
rises again
will he fall will he fail yes
kaleidoscopic 20 who says this timeline
is weird as fuck done Buckwald latter
bear Muruga are m2k sewer sama talks war
128 Harv tree fucker for 13 months in a
row
who says another month another $5
courtesy of mr. B's OHS thanks for the
stream Thank You mr. B's OHS yeah that
mr. beezly's ahead of Amazon since they
bought twitch you can use your Amazon
Prime membership to get one free Twitter
subscription every month and some people
give that to us we appreciate it
I'm God mr. gunning seven of Borgnine
Mick nubbins 128 Bentham 19 - has just
finished space cop for the second time
space cop to be a sequel or a prequel
it's a great question its side pull
gonna be a side quote it'll happen at
the same time we joked about we're
somewhere joking about it never gonna
happen okay
you say it's never gonna happen until it
happens
cocaine Moon Joe kitty double O one says
yay
captain Scott Bakula rip us says prereq
F bought prereq F bot I don't think the
emails don't translate to this Dukey
rampage who says I love Dukey and Dukey
lesbian like the lemon to the lime and
the bumble to the B thanks for the
streams chumps
if you got really good for hours no I
can't do it
God found a 42 for 33 fucking marks in
the wall farm forthwith the Bladerunner
with this year old man Logan
I think it's bearable but one or two
door problems welcomes the clown the 32
fucking months in a row alley rasa for
20 fucking months in a row and Ali Razi
says it's been a great run thanks for
all the laughs here's to 20 more and as
always thanks for the shirt you're
welcome tremendous 45 hey guys
25 years a long time sub do you guys
also a quick question for rich have you
ever played any size 5 for X Games might
not have heard it before I have I have
occasionally talked of my great deep
abiding love for Master of Orion two and
one to a lesser extent but I absolutely
love to do you've talked about that a
little bit yeah it doesn't come up too
often strain to watch you weren't very
fond of it like early oh yeah yeah I
would believe that yeah I believe that
about me
gruff McMiller Terry for 21 fucking
months in her own gruff McMillan Terry
says greetings rich and Jack from
Florida we we recently had hurricane
Irma and in the blackout's afterwards
spent a lot of time listening to old
prereqs
and best to the worst recordings on
iphones plugged into cars for power Wow
helped to get us through a tough time
things wanted luck good luck tried to
help you out
Queen of the One Ring says I'm not able
to watch live often but I try to make
sure I catch catch you to renew my sub
each month just to reminder to my fellow
primers you need to manually resub each
month thank you for the reminder that's
very important very part
kick girl vie for 18 months in a row
surely troll emperor of guillotine
punching Gandhi my says is it weird I'm
listening to you guys play starter
valley well I play starter Valley on the
switch just don't get confused and think
to yourself oh I knew I had that mineral
but actually was the mineral that I had
but you just like what did I put that
mineral because that would be really
confusing titus 84 for 13 months in row
G shots for 37 motherfucking months in a
row said Wow
three years seems like just yesterday
you guys got started on thanks for all
the great entertainment and here's to it
other 37 months thank you Chuck Fox this
is Wow
7 months so do I do i F your C or do you
F mine
[Music]
it depends I guess depends on on who's
doing what
fiery dog poop nice and roosts turbo who
says love the show thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
we didn't really don't have a nice night
I got no outro today I'm sorry