Episode 872
Heavy Metal Thunder (Part 1)
October 12, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mKM0wyhfzec
___________________________________________

that's dream you know like I feel like
we always can stream but i all i also
also feel like always feel like it's not
100% guarantee yeah that we are
streaming hello everybody what's going
on hello live great we're here rich want
really wanted to play brutalizes play
this you really wanted to play this was
very important to him
very important to me up i feel like it
was very important to you this because
like you this is all you were talking
about yeah the only thing hey Riggs
sorry
it's like new well how'd you do that one
of my favorite game intros what are you
gonna build us like a new set this
Stonehenge stuff was funny in a kind of
ironic retro soared away the Annie don't
get me wrong you're the greatest rodeo
is everybody knows you right Nick said
anything build it right hold your horses
okay nothing we can do about that so
then we just go oh good music can I give
a shit
well I'd still like for them to be able
to hear us tiny tiny bit higher
no just crank us up there's a tiny bit
higher the tiniest of bits
yes I that's that's what I did the
tiniest bits okay so now you should be
able to hear us and the game should know
or maybe it is still I don't know I'm
sure we are going to be - oh yeah no
this is not guitar here hear you very
well great sounds nice sounds good great
game still loud no I'm fine with how is
everything hi everybody hey everybody
how's it going how's your Wednesday
how's that oh yes that's right
we can turn it down more if possible I
that's very loud it is larger than it
should be
here's the strange part is it's it's not
so light like we have a turn very down
hold hold dear your gosh dang horses
here what why can't we know I never mind
give me what I mean yeah we gotta go all
right like like they're just crazy down
because it just doesn't want to listen
to us
what do you every nasty still or a nasty
syllable okay I like that they give you
that on
please let him fall dammit
good roadie knows his whole job is to
make someone else look good for sanity
yep
nobody else knew what they were put here
to do a fine thing good roadie stays out
of the spotlight
he's doing his job right you don't need
to know he's there
the the story and humor in this game is
great if only if a game it was good to
sit something right the game wasn't
terribly well realize he was there but
you're not you're not entirely wrong and
I you know I never played this when it
came up but I'd heard good things
decent things anyways it's not always
sure what it wants to do yeah I'm a hack
and slash yeah a real-time strategy game
I don't know hey man back it would be a
little bit of everything
oh this is just a loud game
okay so what's happening what's going on
there's a demon demon he's going to slay
the the phonies and yeah good thing this
guy was she's true to the music man is
gonna bring them to the world of heavy
metal okay great
haha
that's silly you know that is that's
silly
it's the demons from spawn it does look
like maybe a form possible because
everything else
long limbs yeah remember the violator by
OES John Leguizamo as the violator
looked a little bit the big tusks made
it the face look like the violator this
I you know upon further inspection this
had little like exhaust pipe yes all
right slightly different little only
slightly though alright I don't care I
don't know what the hell that thing look
like in the movie I don't remember okay
it kind of looked like that it was it
was terrible cg.o everything in that
movie was terrible he was a clown and
then when he went to hell it was
terrible CG become for us to serve our
master so what's what's what's new what
what is new rich the only thing new for
me is you know I know we we have a lot
of stuff going on so we're we're unable
to get to our next review so I've had a
lot of free time on my hands so I've
just been binging stardew valley okay
how's your coffee farm going I'm making
some progress one out of nowhere quite
surprising to me I got married surprise
Marie you have to buy the engagement
thing oh sure but I just didn't think it
would happen that would ask as you know
played the game before and I made it a
full year and I was nowhere close to
marry in here you you did you did
nothing but give penny presents yeah and
the good presence - I grew poppies right
away and then I didn't sell them I just
saved them and every time a profitable
is your farm you know how profitable is
you far oh right now making mad money
mad mad money I'm at the point now where
I'm making like nine ten thousand
dollars a day right
it's great you know I got my I got my
mayonnaise factory going I found a
dinosaur egg so I'm incubating a date
it's always a fun find pretty exciting
about it pretty excited about that and
and I've made it just fairly deep into
the minds then so you know a lot of good
resources penny isn't opiate addict yes
you need to do it's a lot of lot of
resources you just need from the mind
it's it's forcing combat on me I don't
like that oh it hasn't really been that
bad you know like I'm just taking it
five levels at a time like okay I got I
have a few hours I'll just get down five
levels and I'll be fine so I just got I
just reached a level 105 I I decided you
know I had some money and here's
something you should know rich I don't
know if you noticed when I was 32 Valley
I did that probably did not what I went
Joe Jamar
I did it I did it live stream you didn't
know oh you monster
I know monster here's the thing your
arguments made
and another thing that I learned after
is if you go full Community Center
Jochem March shuts down yeah that is
people out of work yes
yeah these are my friends and neighbors
they get good cheap goods yeah yeah
nothing there is nothing wrong at going
cold Joe Jamar and so I decided I had
some money so I built up a decent amount
of money but I don't have any coffee
beans yet because you know you get him
from the Traveling Salesman but it's a
random chance yeah and he hasn't in
hadn't yet or when he did have him I
didn't have enough money so I did I've
been building up this money to buy
coffee beans but I just sorta decided to
invest in something but I decided to not
go green house right away yeah and so I
did the minecarts
so I could move around a little faster
this is the green house easy to get once
you go joke 35,000 wouldn't you get a
right way done to buy other things first
exactly oh that's nice yeah that is nice
so arguably very worth it and so I've
almost built up enough to buy it already
yeah I know I've already I just got the
minecart so now I can move around town
really fast which I'm excited about
you know minecarts that's that's one of
the best just to get to the mines and
back and in a blink of the eyes right
this game is made of album covers
absolutely that's the whole point
wait I think well you know my my goal is
to have a coffee farm and so you know
what I'm what I'm hoping for is to get
all of my coffee beans and some nice
sprinklers and basically just turn my
greenhouse into a coffee bean factory
just so people know good luck watching
the VOD cuz it's gonna get muted a lot
mister we're not planning on monetizing
this one it makes its way over to me
I'll tell you strange before we before I
continue on my study balance I will talk
a little bit about copying us in
abstract past couple days I have been
battling in groove music incorporate in
groove music incorporated in groove
music is a company that helps distribute
music and so if you are an artist you're
good you go to end groove music and then
they help get your song
or they help digitally distresses your
music and apparently they have opted to
digitally distribute one of the artists
who does a song on the soundtrack of
ruiner because they put a copyright
claim against us for room just for 30
seconds for one song in ruiner hang on
and I just disputed the claim because we
have rights to monetize that I've never
touched an axe before yeah these are the
mad copyright strats so there are
certain companies that this is what they
do they they put out blanket copyright
strikes against thousands of youtubers
I'm sure hoping that no one disputes
them so they can nickel and dime them
that's what I really okay audio yes
person in chat what's the name again
they did do Rob Halford is a voice in
this is I believe he's two different
voices and Ozzy Osbourne is in this but
just look at all this other other
rock-and-roll names involved with doing
voices in this game yeah yeah company
does that shit with all classical music
right and so even though we are free not
only to stream but to monetize
playthroughs of ruiner they are still
attempting to put are they attempted to
put a copyright claim
and a lot of times what will happen when
when that happens like I always checked
who put the claim on it so like for
example if Nintendo like Nintendo put a
claim on us for the Metroid sandwich
defense all right you know that's
Nintendo that's fine I'm not gonna
dispute that but a lot of times it's
these random companies in groove music
whatnot whatnot and then as soon as you
dispute the claim they drop it but I
disputed the claim and they reinstated
it and that's when it can get dicey as a
youtuber because then if you dispute it
a second time and YouTube's fine finds
you in the wrong you get a copyright
strike on your channel and that means
you can't monetize for so many days you
have a you have to upload schedule you
get you get restrictions put on you get
a strike
and so they refuted my dispute and I had
to make that decision whether or not it
was worth it first possible strike right
yes luckily ruiner is a game by devolver
digital and they have a very clear you
tubers can monetize our games no matter
what policy thought it took a little bit
of legwork I need to
I needed to fill out some forms download
some stuff just to have stuff ly ready
in case YouTube aspirins
I got all the I got all the paperwork
done and YouTube sided with us that we
were free to monetize that video so we
won in the end right yeah which is nice
but it was it was a pain in the ass
couple of days
they should have the same punishment for
those putting the strikes on I agree
agree with that I call it the druid plow
let me show you how they uh I don't know
I don't know how it works the other way
around
you have awakened the spirit of the
beasts into it seems like a complete
pain in the ass these days it can be it
can be and a few of our videos have been
flagged as inappropriate content you
know they did the big advertiser
friendly push where as you can see this
is just like the target this is just
like it's not the feeding area gates
unfortunately a bit for the advertiser
friendly D monetization there is just
nothing that you can do or that rich and
I can do about it because one of the
guidelines is do you swear and so I
can't refute that because they'll watch
five seconds of one of our things and
will swear right and so it hasn't
happened to all of our videos and I
haven't noticed negative any negative
outcomes so I have been letting sleeping
dogs
oh they were playing a Barbie board game
in slang to say exactly exactly
alright so unless rich and I want to
completely stop all cursing which I just
don't think is gonna happen no there's
very little we can do eight bucks and
YouTube advertising revenue well so yeah
so far it hasn't been I haven't noticed
the difference if it starts if we start
noticing a difference you know because
we we make a fair amount of money not a
ton but a little bit every day of this
we're playing this on PC I don't know if
it's available on ps4
I know double I mean Double Fine has
been re-released and a ton of their
stuff I have no idea where this is a
little bit of mine sorry recently teases
this then they say if Psychonauts to did
well and they tried to brute legend - oh
I don't know about this some kind of yes
that is a vagina monster they're all
let's just be honest
yeah like I said you you guys know I
side with YouTube when it comes to all
this monetization stuff because I know a
lot of people have been pointing out
like YouTube has been doing crazy stuff
about monetizing videos based on
tragedies and there have been some
inconsistencies in their policies
nothing's happened to us so I can't
really talk
vagina monster - shut up look
it's actually sexist the other day the
vagina monster is pushing itself that
vagina monster can't take no for an
answer and let's see here
valiant blood shot says hey guys got
back from New York comic convention this
week it was a blast best part was
bumping into AJ Ballman cosplayer very
first thing we said to each other was
very
that's great that is great
there it is dead and you I will now
teach you hang on
yes that is Jack Black during The Voice
the villain we're going to meet shortly
yeah Tim Curry good on yeah yeah good
old Tim Curry
he's everything
Brian Abram and I yes
you used to be fair you deny I hate you
too obvious here but here is in the
review what I will say is what are what
I said in the review was I thought they
made exactly the type of game they were
trying to make and it wasn't something
right if you are to play stardew valley
you either need to be prepared for some
monotony or go in with a goal it's you
make or break the game is is my thoughts
on and I continue to have those thoughts
but now that I have something that I am
working towards it's a very different
game before when I was just kind of
playing it to play it it was cute but
very monotonous
you know I was directionless I didn't I
was go here I'll go here I guess it
didn't it didn't jive from him but now
that I have an end goal like I'm into
everything I'm getting married I'm
checking out the mines I want to go to
the desert I want to go everywhere do
everything because I know what my
endgame is you know yeah yeah but if you
don't go in with an end game in mind I
think I think it could get boring and
repetitive sweet sweet sounds Tim Curry
playing field adventurous they say it
was the fire Beast
Oh m'god into himself
it's cool-looking man has a voice like
sexy Melvin like rough sex of Elvis
which is all a good thing that's exactly
have you ever seen the Rocky Horror
Picture Show I've never sat down and
watched the whole thing
it's not for me I loved it I was I was a
regular at the midnight show back back
in the day I was a regular at the the
Oriental used to do a weekly Saturday
night midnight screening of the Rocky
Horror Picture Show they would have
actors recreate scenes that had special
things they were doing shelter
transportation so many details to manage
sounds like what you need is a roadie
what's a roadie with some titles way to
go oh and rich there is a we have we've
gotten some small updates speaking of
Kamikaze small updates people have been
chiming in with their thoughts on the
history of cosplay okay because I know
this is something you brought up last
room is your what you is you had a your
theory you're worried yeah I wasn't
saying anything definite no nor the
record no no but your theory which i
think is a sound theory is is it is it
either got its start or was popularized
by Star Trek convention yes
but it's specifically Klingons right
yeah a couple people have chimed in
saying that it wasn't popularized the
very least a couple people chimed in one
person stating that it got it starts in
Japan okay for anime conventions which
makes a lot of sense someone who
actually claims to have done an
anthropological thesis the history of
cosplay I don't know if that's true or
not but that's what they're claiming say
saying that it
it's early days were actually in for
Flash Gordon Flash Gordon the Flash
Gordon I don't believe that's this is
what this is what they're saying I I'm
not saying I believe them
I'm repeating the things they said of
course I I will go along with you to say
that Star Trek conventions specifically
are what turned it from something ten
people knew about to something a
thousand people knew about you know
right wait a minute
you can you can dress up and go to a
convention what so someone might have a
PhD in cosplay maybe not a PhD in
cosplay but like you know a PhD in
social constructs or social history
can't because going back on me but
according to this person who apparently
had did their thesis on cosplay it's
it's tough to trace the origins and it's
tough to trace where it when it became
popular because before the 1960s this
isn't necessarily something that a
newspaper would cover right and you know
personal cameras weren't necessarily a
thing back in the day and so it's it's
actually very hard to trace the origins
I've been a it's like oh this is
interesting
it is interesting I want a documentary
I'm sure there's a doctor
see the mr. four I don't know if I can
believe you says actually I have written
a thesis on LARPing to study behavior of
alternate masculinity and flush Gordon
does make sense to me though I am more
limited in us limited in us limited in
us limited in you
Eastern populations so I'm not the best
person to ask okay there's no time for
this history of cosplay would be a more
interesting document at being about
cosplay you could do that you could do
both
you know like I if you follow some
cosplayers on my few intersperse yeah
I'm like making their outfits and you
know going and you know show them at a
modern convention pictures take and all
that fun stuff and then you know you cut
back and forth to the East Room what are
you doing
the boring parts doing getting a few
collectables in a way to worm going next
do what you do man you know what you
keep doing it I'm glad I'm glad games
don't do this kind of shit too much
anymore for of 100 things that kind of
shit rise this came out when every
fucking game did that that was never fun
everything was a collectathon yeah yeah
I'll be ripping okay quiet time until
Jack gets back glad time to jackets back
everyone here I'll go I'll go to the
section where there's some dialogue
during the silence so there's not just
silence what are you doing get in the
cart I don't know if I need you in the
car from the inside
Oh philia what demon if you allowed to
fall you home this time oh hello
don't mind just open world she's Lars
his little sister little high-strung
Lars
so let me get this straight these
performers they don't even have to tune
their own instruments that's our job the
roadies the rock stars job is just to
deliver the audience to the promised
land of Rock fascinating um can we get
back to the part where you are summoned
here from another world
oh yeah by this little guy here you were
brought here by Orma Godin the eternal
fire Beast the cremator of the sky
destroyer of the ancient world yeah I
accidentally got a little blood in its
mouth and a totally woman that's on me
there are those who speak of a day when
Orma Godin the fire beast shall bring a
warrior into this world do you destroy
us to deliver us there is some dispute
about the translation but having met you
I can tell that you are here to help us
to lead us to wage war against the
demons to liberate humanity hell yeah
I mean hold on a second I don't know
anything about waging war but I'll tell
you what I do know
I know from meeting you Lars that you
are the true leader here not me what I
know is how to put a crew together and
how to keep it organized and how to take
it on the road that my friend is exactly
what we need but I'm sure you must be
longing to read through it their
homeland
all right so where's your army Lars we
have none
general lion White has taken away most
of our young men to toil in his mines
and he's taken our women to serve as
slaves in his decadent pleasure tower
let's go get him back no you are not to
go near lion white again
you were almost impaled last time
compromise we'll get the dudes first and
then they can help us get the ladies
what time to break the chains you the
mines he's a savior although very hard
break out in a random Flash Gordon music
huh flesh I love that singing of all of
us love the movie when I was a kid
loved that movie now I haven't seen it
since I was a kid I haven't seen it
since I was old enough to take it
seriously
sure it's campy it's it's it's I think
it's the right way to get them out of
the pleasure town I have a little
concern a fine movie with fine costumes
absolutely Queen does equal the best
I think it's like you know think about
Queen songs and movies they're always
the best
yeah Flash Gordon they're Highlander
themed nothing is better than their
Highlander theme
it's kind it's a it's a slightly food I
mean who wants to live forever is a
brilliant song I meant like the theme to
the TV show what TV show the Highlander
TV show oh well uh born to be kings I've
never watched the TV shows it was a
great um I liked that in Texas Walker
Walker Texas Ranger just shows my dad
loved oh I mean listen it was a
Highlander TV show it was a TV show
about people cutting each other's heads
off it was great and as far as I was
concerned how do they handle the
capitation zhan that show tastefully
yeah you know
you know you a close-up of the sword
swing and then a body would fall okay
never really see the head but also it's
been a while since I've seen it but I
remember loving this shit out of it
Adrienne Paul that other blonde kid
who's like a Highlander in training he
was like the Wesley Crusher
was the girl what I'm doing there was a
love interest on that show right
she wasn't though she was not she was
not a Highlander Adrienne Paul is the
highway yeah well there's more than one
Highlander right but no there the love
interest was not a high okay I guess she
had added drama if she's going to die
someday
right yeah yeah can they can they ever
truly fall in love because one of them
won't be able to make it
yeah I was a huge fan of the show and
then one of the later movies that it was
a crossover between the movie and the
show Adrienne Paul was in the movie it
was like Highlander five or something
right right it was great
beautiful so they tied the continuity
together maybe or was it an alternate
universe kind of thing it's been a while
since I've seen it so I honestly don't
know I just don't remember
I'm it's just a baggy sweater it's not a
fur coat I'm just wearing a baggy
sweater because it's getting cold out it
is fall now in Milwaukee and it was
fucking cold to do it here coming up is
Ozzy Osbourne
where you said it was happening you said
it was happening right here
where is it my memory isn't that good on
the dragon statue as I played this a
little bit earlier in the week long
maniacal laughter
well it's about fucking time not bad
he's just playing Ozzy Osbourne I
thought he might be like you know Ozzy
Osbourne's gonna be one of those big
dudes in the bag you know but just half
as Ozzy I was before us but now he's
just playing Ozzy Osbourne oh yeah yeah
remember you played a TV and
evangelicals in trick-or-treat let's see
what we got here Brown Adam Sandler says
installed
XCOM - played a couple missions and I'm
really like any quick tips for a new
play i watch the streams but never
really paid attention to what you were
doing in games having trouble there's
any quick tips like you know for example
like is there any you know there's a lot
of things you can do in your base what
where would you suggest someone starts
with base building up what upgrades are
the resistance ring probably a more of
the chosen destroys one think rolla
tactics cool because you want that extra
squad member upgrade soon as you can
fire tribute when the paid univ tributes
come see me I'll share some more secrets
of metal with you like how to turn that
little beast you got over there into a
real month among other things amazing
god there are these voices here you have
you have no idea how many takes they
probably had to do though
gods have already paid me tribute so
maybe we could talk secrets now yes take
care of your car keep these strings come
with a free paint job I should mention
Kane comes in many flavors I've got a
couple of moves I could show you a
couple moves I can show you it is not so
much after your knee calluses come in
here to make you mark on the world we
will have to do for a fire tribute
please the fucking gods of metal man
figured it out right okay Ozzy Ozzy Ozzy
he'll do anything
they're not a terrible thing to do for
money no this is I'm just saying in
general don't run with the details but I
know he was fused to do this if they
also use songs from so-and-so arrival of
his arrival well who was did that
replaced him in Black Sabbath I think
was him
did he good I don't know the details
mmm I just heard there were shenanigans
do I thought that was it I didn't wanna
I don't want to say shit without knowing
for sure oh but you have to have deal
well I got you know deals kind of newer
metal he's not like classic metal like
Ozzy is but I would that would that must
have been a really tough call because do
is a powerful metal
I think they they used one of his songs
and like one of the early trailers of
this game but nothing that made it into
the game because of that sure cuz Ozzy
had his way yeah No No Deal isn't new do
is new as compared with Black Sabbath it
was mine was my intent that's what I
meant to say
I know I just offended every metalhead
is this game gonna be muted for
copyright no this is just how it's going
we probably just more monetizes yeah
that's fine let's just take the claim
cuz like a copyright claim doesn't hurt
us at all yeah like if if double fine or
whoever puts a copyright claim on it
then they either get all money from
monetization or they choose where it can
be viewed and so if there's ever like
for an example if there's ever like a
YouTube video of ours that's you can't
watch cuz you're in Canada it's because
someone put a copyright claim on it so
this is it the crushing pit hundreds of
our strongest young men toiling their
lives away like theirs and grandfathers
before them given no tools skulls their
head banging to break rocks that's great
that's great to go that won't hurt us
what will hurt us is if a copyright
claim is made against us I wish I could
help them and they want it removed and
we don't remove it then we get a
coverage right that's the bad part but
obviously if they want us to remove it
we would just remove it a claim does not
earn a resolution Lars right now it's
time to sound the battle cry have you
been looking at my sword
I need to get back to play there is one
non something dangerous Metalocalypse
songs that we've been here oh yeah
Dethklok song mermaid er I think it's
the last one you can get nice nice
fucking nice that's how I found out
about Metalocalypse really yeah do this
game you heard mermaid mermaid er yes
and you knew you must you must get into
that whatever it was really sad bro
hands
you don't have to be slaves
I got into middle oculus because I was
watching a lot of late-night awesome
it's called heavy metal and it's the
real reason you should bang your heads
not for that guy but yeah screw this
place
no our manager says that we just work
hard and produce a high quality product
that we'll be able to move up to couch
guard jobs in the generals pleasure
tower there's gonna be piles of chicks
we're with him hey man sorry
oh is this here like real-time RTS like
real-time RTS yep tutorial sure
look at that guy look at that dickhead
that's great that's great it's it's at
the it's equally ridiculous and
wonderful
the man I have wanted to do that forever
that's for killing Charlie bastard oh
hey okay
yeah I got nothing bad to say but it's a
classy trip look what's class machine
and I I saw I saw that it came out the
other day and I was like oh yeah what's
that oh you know and I just have not
gotten around I mean I'm going to see
the movie I know I'm going to see the
movie already so I just do not care
about the trailer so that's all I got
I've seen the poor I mean I've seen them
in Toy Fair things that look like
adorable penguins is the worst thing
about the trailer okay here we go
they put a porn in the trailer yeah
gotta have the kids
okay I'm gonna turn around now and if I
see anyone following me I'm gonna be
really disappointed yes you guys back
for now but now we got to huddle up for
the big finale oh yeah or was horrifying
how big how big a part of the trailer
was the four small pores are an obvious
marketing plushy toy right they got to
make their money back they paid nine
hundred billion dollars for Starla well
they're making their money back goddamn
it
you call it be benign bb-8 was adorable
that was an adorable part of the Star
Wars movie they need now they need
something on you and adore big enough to
take on the real lion white we're gonna
need some more dudes Ray's kind of what
do you say officially a princess so
Disney can have another princess kind of
think of who the latest Disney Princess
was wanna that's what I just said that I
literally just said Yoanna I mean what
is it why does that mean Ray can't be a
princess because Disney likes two
princesses I think ray is I guess I've
always assumed that Ray is already a
princess that's not you just can't
declare someone a princess but too late
too bad how about I did I did
she's she's princess tend to him
it's in Dantooine Jack ooh what Jack ooh
she's princess ray has never been to
tattooing
no no dent and which which looks almost
exactly like had to it she is princess
of jakku but the force awakens was not a
ripoff of a new hope because jakku was
not tattoo when I was not the tandem the
pork is the new Princess I'll take that
I'll take that
is that either crude oil yes and pusher
pusher pusher to kylo would also make a
very good Disney Princess I agree he
already is Prince cuz Princess Leia
oh sure so he's he's an actually he's a
friend he's card he's a he's a
card-carrying place he's in he's an
official Prince not an unofficial
princess great well we don't know her
parodies yet and she's she's gonna be
royalty just because it's Disney and
they're gonna want to make her one of
the princesses right I feel like they've
just been treating her like a you
wrongly assumed that this game was a
hack-and-slash no it's some real-time
strategy with some hack and slash
elements yeah
it's bizarre it's unclear whether the
game doesn't even always know what it is
which is as a game it's the games dump
overall expiration now we're a
hack-and-slash realtime strategy I don't
know yeah the fun the fun yeah here's
how the Osborne cheese look at one man
that's cool
come on just like practice
it's like going back to whether or not
Rey is a princess so her parents would
have to be royalty right but we haven't
really met any world unless unless she's
secret unless unless Leia had an affair
Leia had enough oh well I guess Han
could have left you gonna have grown up
spring alright princess diana's kids
they're still princes she wasn't she
wasn't she wasn't a princess by blood
right but
oh I'm assuming that Leia was married on
time okay yeah so then she would have
had to have an affair someone else like
okay unless unless unless raise Han
Solo's kid as well oh but then but then
why would why would you hide it's too
weird why would you hide one kid and not
the other yes I almost think she can't
be Leia and Hans kid for that reason but
they might pull something out of their
ass
well she was so powerful with the force
we had to hide her away we couldn't say
anything good unless they pull that out
of there at once well that's why I'm
assuming well her parents can't be
anyone's super important or else we
would have met them all that is I guess
what I'm trying to say
there's how many this is one of the five
original series characters exactly they
can make somebody up oh sure but then
why even have her you know her parentage
you know be important ray-ray is the son
of Luke and Leia you heard it here first
daughter but
Raees Lando's love child with chewy
alright see now we're talking I would
love it like what if Rey is like Leia
and Landers
yeah that's nothing you know I like that
would be fun it's not very likely Lando
came by to collect on his old debts and
you know I was gone on a mission or
something I think people will burn out
on Star Wars soon know if it hasn't
happened by now it's never gonna happen
I used to think that was gonna happen
yeah but in it now I'm wrong it never
will it never will I mean really it
depends on how bad these side stories
are I think we have at least 70 more
years of Laura Dern Star Wars 70 can we
turn off subtitles wife
you know what may happen if we're lucky
if we are lucky what may happen is this
Han Solo side movie comes out and is
garbage like rogue one no rogue woman's
garbage they love it
well what I'm what our Wars look how
long was the expanded universe around
Star Wars fans love garbage I'm trying
to be I'm trying to be optimistic here
if the side movies are garbage then
people will say well we won't see them
we'll just see the main movies and then
you know at least there won't be one of
these one a year nonsense
robot leg Darth Maul was a thing robot
leg Darth Maul existed it exists oh yeah
yeah
yup the eyeing up the eyeing up the
Eastern populations so I'm not the best
person to ask okay there's no time for
this history of cosplay would be a more
interesting document at being about
cosplay you could do that you could do
both
you know like I if you follow some
cosplayers on my few intersperse yeah
I'm like making their outfits and you
know going and you know show them at a
modern convention pictures take and all
that fun stuff and then you know you cut
back and forth to the East Room what are
you doing
the boring parts doing getting a few
collectables in a way to worm going next
do what you do man you know what you
keep doing it I'm glad I'm glad games
don't do this kind of shit too much
anymore for of 100 things that kind of
shit rise this came out when every
fucking game did that that was never fun
everything was a collectathon yeah yeah
I'll be ripping okay quiet time until
Jack gets back glad time to jackets back
everyone here I'll go I'll go to the
section where there's some dialogue
during the silence so there's not just
silence what are you doing get in the
cart I don't know if I need you in the
car from the inside
Oh philia what demon if you allowed to
fall you home this time oh hello
don't mind just open world she's Lars
his little sister little high-strung
Lars
so let me get this straight these
performers they don't even have to tune
their own instruments that's our job the
roadies the rock stars job is just to
deliver the audience to the promised
land of Rock fascinating um can we get
back to the part where you are summoned
here from another world
oh yeah by this little guy here you were
brought here by Orma Godin the eternal
fire Beast the cremator of the sky
destroyer of the ancient world yeah I
accidentally got a little blood in its
mouth and a totally woman that's on me
there are those who speak of a day when
Orma Godin the fire beast shall bring a
warrior into this world do you destroy
us to deliver us there is some dispute
about the translation but having met you
I can tell that you are here to help us
to lead us to wage war against the
demons to liberate humanity hell yeah
I mean hold on a second I don't know
anything about waging war but I'll tell
you what I do know
I know from meeting you Lars that you
are the true leader here not me what I
know is how to put a crew together and
how to keep it organized and how to take
it on the road that my friend is exactly
what we need but I'm sure you must be
longing to read through it their
homeland
all right so where's your army Lars we
have none
general lion White has taken away most
of our young men to toil in his mines
and he's taken our women to serve as
slaves in his decadent pleasure tower
let's go get him back no you are not to
go near lion white again
you were almost impaled last time
compromise we'll get the dudes first and
then they can help us get the ladies
what time to break the chains you the
mines he's a savior although very hard
break out in a random Flash Gordon music
huh flesh I love that singing of all of
us love the movie when I was a kid
loved that movie now I haven't seen it
since I was a kid I haven't seen it
since I was old enough to take it
seriously
sure it's campy it's it's it's I think
it's the right way to get them out of
the pleasure town I have a little
concern a fine movie with fine costumes
absolutely Queen does equal the best
I think it's like you know think about
Queen songs and movies they're always
the best
yeah Flash Gordon they're Highlander
themed nothing is better than their
Highlander theme
it's kind it's a it's a slightly food I
mean who wants to live forever is a
brilliant song I meant like the theme to
the TV show what TV show the Highlander
TV show oh well uh born to be kings I've
never watched the TV shows it was a
great um I liked that in Texas Walker
Walker Texas Ranger just shows my dad
loved oh I mean listen it was a
Highlander TV show it was a TV show
about people cutting each other's heads
off it was great and as far as I was
concerned how do they handle the
capitation zhan that show tastefully
yeah you know
you know you a close-up of the sword
swing and then a body would fall okay
never really see the head but also it's
been a while since I've seen it but I
remember loving this shit out of it
Adrienne Paul that other blonde kid
who's like a Highlander in training he
was like the Wesley Crusher
was the girl what I'm doing there was a
love interest on that show right
she wasn't though she was not she was
not a Highlander Adrienne Paul is the
highway yeah well there's more than one
Highlander right but no there the love
interest was not a high okay I guess she
had added drama if she's going to die
someday
right yeah yeah can they can they ever
truly fall in love because one of them
won't be able to make it
yeah I was a huge fan of the show and
then one of the later movies that it was
a crossover between the movie and the
show Adrienne Paul was in the movie it
was like Highlander five or something
right right it was great
beautiful so they tied the continuity
together maybe or was it an alternate
universe kind of thing it's been a while
since I've seen it so I honestly don't
know I just don't remember
I'm it's just a baggy sweater it's not a
fur coat I'm just wearing a baggy
sweater because it's getting cold out it
is fall now in Milwaukee and it was
fucking cold to do it here coming up is
Ozzy Osbourne
where you said it was happening you said
it was happening right here
where is it my memory isn't that good on
the dragon statue as I played this a
little bit earlier in the week long
maniacal laughter
well it's about fucking time not bad
he's just playing Ozzy Osbourne I
thought he might be like you know Ozzy
Osbourne's gonna be one of those big
dudes in the bag you know but just half
as Ozzy I was before us but now he's
just playing Ozzy Osbourne oh yeah yeah
remember you played a TV and
evangelicals in trick-or-treat let's see
what we got here Brown Adam Sandler says
installed
XCOM - played a couple missions and I'm
really like any quick tips for a new
play i watch the streams but never
really paid attention to what you were
doing in games having trouble there's
any quick tips like you know for example
like is there any you know there's a lot
of things you can do in your base what
where would you suggest someone starts
with base building up what upgrades are
the resistance ring probably a more of
the chosen destroys one think rolla
tactics cool because you want that extra
squad member upgrade soon as you can
fire tribute when the paid univ tributes
come see me I'll share some more secrets
of metal with you like how to turn that
little beast you got over there into a
real month among other things amazing
god there are these voices here you have
you have no idea how many takes they
probably had to do though
gods have already paid me tribute so
maybe we could talk secrets now yes take
care of your car keep these strings come
with a free paint job I should mention
Kane comes in many flavors I've got a
couple of moves I could show you a
couple moves I can show you it is not so
much after your knee calluses come in
here to make you mark on the world we
will have to do for a fire tribute
please the fucking gods of metal man
figured it out right okay Ozzy Ozzy Ozzy
he'll do anything
they're not a terrible thing to do for
money no this is I'm just saying in
general don't run with the details but I
know he was fused to do this if they
also use songs from so-and-so arrival of
his arrival well who was did that
replaced him in Black Sabbath I think
was him
did he good I don't know the details
mmm I just heard there were shenanigans
do I thought that was it I didn't wanna
I don't want to say shit without knowing
for sure oh but you have to have deal
well I got you know deals kind of newer
metal he's not like classic metal like
Ozzy is but I would that would that must
have been a really tough call because do
is a powerful metal
I think they they used one of his songs
and like one of the early trailers of
this game but nothing that made it into
the game because of that sure cuz Ozzy
had his way yeah No No Deal isn't new do
is new as compared with Black Sabbath it
was mine was my intent that's what I
meant to say
I know I just offended every metalhead
is this game gonna be muted for
copyright no this is just how it's going
we probably just more monetizes yeah
that's fine let's just take the claim
cuz like a copyright claim doesn't hurt
us at all yeah like if if double fine or
whoever puts a copyright claim on it
then they either get all money from
monetization or they choose where it can
be viewed and so if there's ever like
for an example if there's ever like a
YouTube video of ours that's you can't
watch cuz you're in Canada it's because
someone put a copyright claim on it so
this is it the crushing pit hundreds of
our strongest young men toiling their
lives away like theirs and grandfathers
before them given no tools skulls their
head banging to break rocks that's great
that's great to go that won't hurt us
what will hurt us is if a copyright
claim is made against us I wish I could
help them and they want it removed and
we don't remove it then we get a
coverage right that's the bad part but
obviously if they want us to remove it
we would just remove it a claim does not
earn a resolution Lars right now it's
time to sound the battle cry have you
been looking at my sword
I need to get back to play there is one
non something dangerous Metalocalypse
songs that we've been here oh yeah
Dethklok song mermaid er I think it's
the last one you can get nice nice
fucking nice that's how I found out
about Metalocalypse really yeah do this
game you heard mermaid mermaid er yes
and you knew you must you must get into
that whatever it was really sad bro
hands
you don't have to be slaves
I got into middle oculus because I was
watching a lot of late-night awesome
it's called heavy metal and it's the
real reason you should bang your heads
not for that guy but yeah screw this
place
no our manager says that we just work
hard and produce a high quality product
that we'll be able to move up to couch
guard jobs in the generals pleasure
tower there's gonna be piles of chicks
we're with him hey man sorry
oh is this here like real-time RTS like
real-time RTS yep tutorial sure
look at that guy look at that dickhead
that's great that's great it's it's at
the it's equally ridiculous and
wonderful
the man I have wanted to do that forever
that's for killing Charlie bastard oh
hey okay
yeah I got nothing bad to say but it's a
classy trip look what's class machine
and I I saw I saw that it came out the
other day and I was like oh yeah what's
that oh you know and I just have not
gotten around I mean I'm going to see
the movie I know I'm going to see the
movie already so I just do not care
about the trailer so that's all I got
I've seen the poor I mean I've seen them
in Toy Fair things that look like
adorable penguins is the worst thing
about the trailer okay here we go
they put a porn in the trailer yeah
gotta have the kids
okay I'm gonna turn around now and if I
see anyone following me I'm gonna be
really disappointed yes you guys back
for now but now we got to huddle up for
the big finale oh yeah or was horrifying
how big how big a part of the trailer
was the four small pores are an obvious
marketing plushy toy right they got to
make their money back they paid nine
hundred billion dollars for Starla well
they're making their money back goddamn
it
you call it be benign bb-8 was adorable
that was an adorable part of the Star
Wars movie they need now they need
something on you and adore big enough to
take on the real lion white we're gonna
need some more dudes Ray's kind of what
do you say officially a princess so
Disney can have another princess kind of
think of who the latest Disney Princess
was wanna that's what I just said that I
literally just said Yoanna I mean what
is it why does that mean Ray can't be a
princess because Disney likes two
princesses I think ray is I guess I've
always assumed that Ray is already a
princess that's not you just can't
declare someone a princess but too late
too bad how about I did I did
she's she's princess tend to him
it's in Dantooine Jack ooh what Jack ooh
she's princess ray has never been to
tattooing
no no dent and which which looks almost
exactly like had to it she is princess
of jakku but the force awakens was not a
ripoff of a new hope because jakku was
not tattoo when I was not the tandem the
pork is the new Princess I'll take that
I'll take that
is that either crude oil yes and pusher
pusher pusher to kylo would also make a
very good Disney Princess I agree he
already is Prince cuz Princess Leia
oh sure so he's he's an actually he's a
friend he's card he's a he's a
card-carrying place he's in he's an
official Prince not an unofficial
princess great well we don't know her
parodies yet and she's she's gonna be
royalty just because it's Disney and
they're gonna want to make her one of
the princesses right I feel like they've
just been treating her like a you
wrongly assumed that this game was a
hack-and-slash no it's some real-time
strategy with some hack and slash
elements yeah
it's bizarre it's unclear whether the
game doesn't even always know what it is
which is as a game it's the games dump
overall expiration now we're a
hack-and-slash realtime strategy I don't
know yeah the fun the fun yeah here's
how the Osborne cheese look at one man
that's cool
come on just like practice
it's like going back to whether or not
Rey is a princess so her parents would
have to be royalty right but we haven't
really met any world unless unless she's
secret unless unless Leia had an affair
Leia had enough oh well I guess Han
could have left you gonna have grown up
spring alright princess diana's kids
they're still princes she wasn't she
wasn't she wasn't a princess by blood
right but
oh I'm assuming that Leia was married on
time okay yeah so then she would have
had to have an affair someone else like
okay unless unless unless raise Han
Solo's kid as well oh but then but then
why would why would you hide it's too
weird why would you hide one kid and not
the other yes I almost think she can't
be Leia and Hans kid for that reason but
they might pull something out of their
ass
well she was so powerful with the force
we had to hide her away we couldn't say
anything good unless they pull that out
of there at once well that's why I'm
assuming well her parents can't be
anyone's super important or else we
would have met them all that is I guess
what I'm trying to say
there's how many this is one of the five
original series characters exactly they
can make somebody up oh sure but then
why even have her you know her parentage
you know be important ray-ray is the son
of Luke and Leia you heard it here first
daughter but
Raees Lando's love child with chewy
alright see now we're talking I would
love it like what if Rey is like Leia
and Landers
yeah that's nothing you know I like that
would be fun it's not very likely Lando
came by to collect on his old debts and
you know I was gone on a mission or
something I think people will burn out
on Star Wars soon know if it hasn't
happened by now it's never gonna happen
I used to think that was gonna happen
yeah but in it now I'm wrong it never
will it never will I mean really it
depends on how bad these side stories
are I think we have at least 70 more
years of Laura Dern Star Wars 70 can we
turn off subtitles wife
you know what may happen if we're lucky
if we are lucky what may happen is this
Han Solo side movie comes out and is
garbage like rogue one no rogue woman's
garbage they love it
well what I'm what our Wars look how
long was the expanded universe around
Star Wars fans love garbage I'm trying
to be I'm trying to be optimistic here
if the side movies are garbage then
people will say well we won't see them
we'll just see the main movies and then
you know at least there won't be one of
these one a year nonsense
robot leg Darth Maul was a thing robot
leg Darth Maul existed it exists oh yeah
yeah
yup the eyeing up the eyeing up the
forty artifacts donated to the museum
right now and you need 60 in order to
get into this - I just want to get into
Sears not named for any particular
reason so I'm trying to get to the
bottom of the mines and just getting
that cash get that cash for the green
house all right let's see here
gainfully it says hey fellas what would
each of you say you looked forward to
the most that totally let you down Mass
Effect 3 why you fucking asking
gee I've never heard of this rich
evidence fellow before I wonder it is
most let down by a good question
I'm trying to think of what I've been
most let down by and I don't know if I
have a fair answer maybe this isn't this
probably isn't like the thing I've been
most let down by but something I was
very led by down by that I can think of
at the moment is the watchman okay I had
I I made the mistake I I reread the
comic right before I went to see the
movie I was super hyped and and I
thought it was pretty bad okay so I
would say that's something that I was
very disappointed by is the watch such a
good form such a good
I'm not saying that's the thing I've
been most disappointed by but that's
just as something I can think of right
now that took way too much time if I'm
gonna get these to the kill master and
time I'm gonna have to book yes the game
probably should have had more of this
type of stuff in it I agree with that I
I don't actually
this sounds really bizarre for me to say
I don't hate the RTS kind of sections of
this game I wouldn't want them to gut
that but yes it couldn't use more haggis
slash level you fight a boss you use a
little bit more than yeah
Zack Snyder did as good a job as anyone
could do with that
batshit-crazy graphic novel this is
something so weird one to make a movie
out of the wash bin it is I think the
problem as far as I see it is Zack
Snyder didn't understand what made the
novel so good is it was about a bunch of
losers yeah they they should never have
had the cool fight scenes that was
completely besides the point that was
completely missing the point that was
completely missing the point
so so no I don't think Zach Snyder did
as good a job as anyone could have done
I would have much rather seen that as a
smaller personal indie movie if it was
going to be anything and it didn't need
to even be a movie it's such a good book
the whole point of of the book is a
superhero deconstruction though the
point of the book is superheroes are not
the end all and be all they're a bad
idea they're not a real solution to
actual problem that the book spends its
entire length hating on the concept of a
superhero and what we've learned from
Zack Snyder's later films is that he's
really bad at deconstructing things he
recently like something came out about
Zacks talking about I guess people just
don't like deconstruction that's it's
like no you're just bad at it you are
bad at deconstructing things I don't
think Ellen Moir hates superheroes I
thought he just chose to look at them
from a this is an interesting angle yeah
would this be well but this really work
in the real world
no no wouldn't they be horrible they'd
be they're kind of the fascist by me and
in fact in fact they're so fascist they
kind of hold control over anyone they
they could do something big and horrible
for the betterment of our for what they
see is the betterment of the whole world
that most people would find awful let's
write a book about that the movie
completely misses the mark
it hits all of the same notes as the
book but not correctly it's a cover band
Alan Moore once expressed regret that
people thought well sharp is awesome
because an L in mind the whole point of
roe shark was he's just a creepy weirdo
he was not supposed to be likable now to
be fair Jackie
hailey hailey
jackie robinson crusoe the actor the
actor who played Rorschach did a great
job he did a great job he's got a serial
killers name though
this is one of those three name names
Jackie Earle Haley okay yeah it's a
surreal absolutely he played it very
well but yes that that scene that scene
in the prison I'm not trapped in here
with you you're trapped in here with me
we're not supposed to think oh yeah we
are supposed to be creeped out by the
fact that he wants to be where all the
bad guys are yeah so no I there are many
things that I've been disappointed by
but that's just the first example I can
think of that the ball
is that true quickly he's that he plays
the terror in the tick series that's
great so when is the rest of season 1 of
the tip coming off as I am holding off
until it's more than four episodes no
it's like six hey I want out of know you
you want the full season yeah I don't
know actually I think it's not coming
out till next year
boy Ellen Moir really misread his
audience aid no the Ellen Moir made
would Alan Moore made other other than
Rorschach or were shark are they for the
most part people got it yeah
this is somebody isn't it I can't
pinpoint this voice dude that's Brian um
those things will fuck you Brian Posehn
from they have quills of Steel he's that
giant creepy dude in every friend okay
you would know his net you would know
his face hold on I will that is
basically well I'll show you his real
face I can beat that many points I don't
know Sarah Silverman show that sounds
that sounds right yeah he's in that
right oh god how do you
here we go
alright I'm getting a picture
come on
hold on
where is it how does the internet work
there it is okay I figured out how the
internet works rich everything's fine
okay familiar yeah yeah he's he's a he's
an actor he's a well a well known actor
comedic actor stand-up comedian he's
been in everything
one of those porcupines do to me I gotta
hunt them for the side mission he has
ten more to get to kill the right amount
of animals until I can summon the razor
hogs whenever I want there's there's
motorcycle warthogs in this game cool
and if I do and I stop at the hunting
mission once I get to the razor warthogs
the motorcycle razor warthogs cuz I can
ride them and I don't want to lose the
thing that summons them yeah replace it
with a different animal yeah I do that
quest right up until they're well that's
good to know
hey you guys roasting weenies or what we
heard a bunch of enemy Scouts we're
gonna cruise through here soon so we're
hiding out we're gonna ambush them
wait so you're hiding out okay let's see
here anonymous says hey guys you guys
don't mind I'd like to sit in on this
ambush what
I'm trying to think
okay I'm gonna read this like just cuz I
don't understand it anonymous says hey
guys
individual responsibility versus
collective protection that's the
question
just got out of emergency surgery to
surgery teams of five days stay $20 for
parking if this isn't good
Ray's dad is Snoke I just don't
understand the statement it sounds like
it sounds like you're talking about some
sort of universal healthcare system
right which if your question is do I
want that the answer is yes but I pay
for my own health insurance and the rest
of the world is going wait you don't
have that right I think most people are
on board with that now but uh universal
health care should pay for the parking
honestly honestly I'm surprised they
didn't cover that
let's see here
total lammer says this is so not Star
Wars related Jack are you gonna get the
horizon zero dawn expansion I saw your
tweet about finishing it a game hasn't
gotten to me a game hasn't gotten to me
like the ending cutscene at that
person's yeah I would say in a long time
honestly yeah that was a really solid
ending I felt you know horizon zero dawn
is a big game and it's been a long time
since I finished a game that big and
it's even rarer that I will go back to
finish a game that we do for the show
because once I'm done talking about it I
feel like it is purged from my system so
I did I like very often I don't feel
like going back because I've done all I
could
I've said my thing and I say no more but
horizon zero dawn I felt an urge to
finish it I really really dug it I'd
actually I'd ugly ending so much we want
the expansion I don't know if I want to
ruin my warm fuzzy fool that gets rid of
my warm fuzzies delete the expansion
right now I have the warm fuzzies
respond
they're called Raptor Elks and they're
carnivorous and I already hold the
record for hunting oh yeah what's that
15 I can beat that easy I get moving if
I were you
you can always go back to pub G beefcake
was was making fun of me saying that a
pub G might have some sort of coffee
related expansion and so I'm like like I
went back to start do Valley for coffee
maybe I could do the same for pop G yeah
I understand I still have not
reinstalled pub G and I'm trying to stay
strong I still stay strong implies you
want to I do want to just do it but I
don't want to that doesn't make any
sense we're not talking about crack
cocaine
generally speaking I want to play pub G
but I always feel bad after I planned oh
that's totally the case yes yes that's
why I just don't want to play pub G
right if were AIA same person rich I
would feel the same way I just wouldn't
want to play it yet apparently I'm not a
same person exactly I love and hate pub
G much like I love and hate myself it's
complex emotions which
pubsey is fun as long as you don't try
to win no I like over overall I really
think it's more bad than good
it just always leaves you unsatisfied
and so that's I've kept it uninstalled
and it will be down I just never I need
more people to watch my six I need like
eight people to watch my six and then
maybe I could do well okay see that's
the thing
dreamer TK makes a decent point where
it's like I do want that chicken dinner
like I want a legitimate chicken dinner
and I didn't get a chicken dinner in my
play time and so no no III I wanted the
chicken dinner not a chicken dinner that
is given to me by a teammate I did not
contribute at all during that game part
of the team I was but I would yeah
exactly but I did not contribute at all
too much through the chicken dinner that
my team weren't even other than uh who
wasn't pipes it was it was it I'd I
don't feel bad now cuz they earned the
chicken dinner yeah on stream but you
were the third you know you're the third
of the squad to bat you almost made it
to the end
it wasn't like you were first out oh
sure no no but again my I I feel like I
did not contribute to the win at all
you shot a guy who was on the ground and
dying again I I feel as though I did not
contribute to the win at all they're
saying not rejecting you were a valuable
decoy
so I that's so I yes that that will it
will remain it will forever remain
complicated with me and pub G because I
did not get ever get a chicken dinner I
can feel good about but I'll be okay
with it because overall I'm satisfied
dr. chug but mud says dieting question
trying to lose the last five ten pounds
have you heard of people cutting out
fruits because of sugar thoughts dr.
Chuck but mud that's what I do six days
out of the week I have absolutely is
close as close to zero sugar intake as
possible I have no fruit I don't even
have a sugary vegetables during the
weekdays sugary vegetables would be
something like carrots peas or have a
high sugar content absolutely it's still
sugar like it even though it's natural
sugar it's still sugar that will
definitely help cutting out first you
don't know where I got this razor fire
boys wow you must have heard about them
when word got around how I slaughtered
so many what is it some kind of record
and I can beat that easy
I get moving if I were you I slowpoke
welcome milk a sugar yes I so six days
out of the week I do no dairy no sugar
no carbs of any kind no fruits you know
like the the only sugar intake I get is
I have a little bit of grapefruit juice
when I drink coffee but grapefruit juice
is a fairly low sugar fruit juice so
Jack Reed tips I'm getting there make
that badass he'll 'mobile yourself how
do you stand up I still move I get in
yep
I get calories but they all just come
from green vegetables beans and lean
protein so we keto then pull yourself
out on the second set kind of yeah so
six days out of the week is an
incredibly strict dietary no sugars no
fruits no carbs no nothing and then one
day of the week is my cheat day I get to
eat whatever the hell I want
usually hostess cakes all day and beer
is every Saturday yeah the idea being
instead of it's kind of like
consolidating all of your bad impulses
to one day and there's no you can't do
enough damage on one day that you can't
undo in the week plus so that's my
that's my routine so far I forget when I
started this but I'm 12 pounds 195 at
last at last lowest so pretty pretty
happy at that under the team huh I've
been trying to get the kill man
Thursday's as rough there's Wednesdays
and Thursdays like tonight is getting
rough really feeling that hunger huh
tomorrow's the day that I really heard
for then Friday smooth because I know
that tomorrow is Christmas Saturday's
food Christmas every every single
Saturday it's every Saturday is a
holiday rich every Saturday you ready
for that demon attack yet no I can't do
nothing one day done do the recipe
challenge accepted listen usually Sunday
morning I'm a
I is so may I assume just assume you eat
a comical amount it's gonna pass through
your system before your body could
absorb most of it possibly yeah that's
my my completely uneducated wild
assumption sure sure
I I don't know the science behind it I
this is the diet that I did to lose a
bunch of weight before and I'm using it
again and so far I'm losing a bunch of
weight I'm losing a bunch of weight
again so it's a little slower going this
time just because I didn't start as
heavy as I started last night is the
heavier you are the more overweight you
are the easier is to lose the weight or
at least initiative just because so much
of it is water weight you just you know
flush very easily so this time I'm
starting not as heavy as before and so
it's a little bit slower of a process
but it's working yeah we're talking
about a comical amount of food though
we're not talking about a normal amount
of food we're talking about Brian
Butterfield levels which which isn't
physically possible
oh yeah like money we're talking about
enough food counteract a whole week full
of very strict diet I'm Jack in the day
I I did a calorie count for one of my
cheat days and it was something insane
it was like three or four thousand
calories and one of those was like and
then like and then it was it like an
additional two thousand just for
breakfast it was nuts right I think if
like if you eat too much you then you
just feel sick and rose vomit
yes but I yeah a lot of cake a lot of
beer pizza strings carb with the parties
and cheese any any sort of carbs and
cheese may be pain comes in many flavors
3,000 is not that much you don't it's
it's been a while
way back in the day when I was doing
this at first I did one day where I just
painstakingly counted all the calories I
didn't achieve especially compared to a
normal day where I'm very light
calorically
okay see you later guardian mmm
