Episode 873
Heavy Metal Thunder (Part 2)
October 13, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9xd6HUEp2QE
___________________________________________

thanks Kellogg's cornflakes they said it
certainly is starting to show up in my
face before my face was getting a little
bit bloated but now I'm losing it in my
face you look skinny I'm feeling pretty
good about it pretty good
that's not even them just saying a nice
thing if you're feeling you look skinny
thank you I'm working on it
do I look skinny huh you do fucking liar
well I said that because you set me up
to lie and set you up the lie I need
mean and honest you know what
since I'm skinny I'm gonna go wait 18
cheeseburgers cuz I can thank you for
your shit thank you for taking that
weight off my shoulders Jack I'm gonna
go pig out right now it feels okay
here's the problem rich usually I'm
looking at you on camera when I'm
editing the episodes last episode I
didn't see on camera so I have no true
gauge for if you look skinnier but often
quite oftentimes the chat does say that
you look like you've lost weight I have
started to eat a little bit better like
recently yeah that's good night I'm not
doing any kind of like saying dieting a
high-level dieting like you are just
don't eat as much like crap
which also works that's a find iron-rich
just don't eat so much like crap a find
eyes
ladies I'd like you to meet my razor
girls all of these okay I've played
through this game before and bizarrely I
suppose I kind of like the RTS parts of
this game and I anything it has to do
with a couple of things compared to a
lot of RTS is very small small little
Maps you can't really have more than
thirty units it's manageable and you're
also in the fray as your character which
is fucker so it's like RTS light yeah
all very much like yes this time though
let's keep the doctor nearby just in
case mousetrap
oh here we go son of Jaina says
pronounced Jaina Warcraft character I
know y'all are big sci-fi nerds but what
about fantasy things do you like Xena
D&D; Lord of the Rings thanks guys all
the best
I'm sure this fantasy I like I don't run
across fantasy as much I think start
naming me fancy things I like Conan cool
it yeah I like I don't know if that
counts is fantastic on suspension but I
like cones all right this is strong you
know fantasy elements do it like Earth
sure Laura the Rings is a bit too dry
for me though I know I don't get it
I like Lawrence I'm okay I'm okay I'm I
don't want to say I like Lord of the
Rings because then people will assume
that I can list all of the elven Lords
of the gray and more or whatever I can't
I like I really enjoyed the extended
edition of all the Lord of the Rings
movies Star Wars the Star Wars doesn't
really do it for that much
I watched both Xena and Hercules when I
was younger if that counts as fantasy I
loved the shit out of Xena mostly though
probably because of Lucy Lawless let's
be honest that's why everyone wants sure
but she had the little bring thing and
she would throw me grant she would do
the lalalalala when she did a flip that
was awesome right great that was great
so you know some fantasy I'm okay I've
talked about D&D; before I think given
the right circumstances I would love the
fuck out of Dungeons & Dragons its Big
Trouble in Little China fantasy
someone's the saddest thing in big
trouble around that's Chinese mysticism
in a modern day setting fantasy it's not
okay when you think of fantasy though
you think of fantasy world I don't where
they don't have yeah they don't have
modern technology is there a difference
between fantasy and mysticism obviously
there is a Venn diagram there's a
there's a cross there that it has cross
over but very dangerous as far as as far
as like stuff like Xena D&D; and Lord of
the Rings is concerned that's pretty
general Tolkien s orcs and shit I think
that's what most people think about when
they think about famously
they think about orcs and shit elves and
orcs and shit
'if that's totally a fantasy inspired
world yeah
do they have elves and orcs and shit no
they have other weird shit though what
the fuck are you doing here yep so what
you're talking about is a wholly
complete fantasy setting that having
nothing to do with with modern dates
well if you're gonna save somebody do
you like fantasy it's kind of implied
isn't it that's kind of thing you're
talking about it's you know it's one of
those things because like I would also
count like Harry Potter as a fantasy
universe even though it has modern
elements in it and so it's one of those
mix back okay
right like Doctor Who is very fantasy
ish but many modern-day settings and so
you know just trying to get the get the
term sound and so for example if Harry
Potter can count as fantasy
theoretically Big Trouble in Little
China could then Iron Man does because
the Mandarin write this you can really
stretch it if you want we got a big
world of loose definitions rich and
that's all I'm trying to do is pare it
down magical reality is a better term
for stuff like Harry Potter
magical reality is a fine term then for
Big Trouble in Little China
that's true rich is talking of course
about the comic adaptation of the
Mandarin not the excellent portrayal by
Sir Ben Kingsley
you know Iron Man 3 a perfect action
[Laughter]
Chernobyl kinsmen of course we want to
split hairs on a pedantic level that's
what we are here for that is our main
purpose in life
okay atomic mousetrap says Alan Moore
doesn't believe sincerely good people
exist that's the major reason his comics
are different okay
also he sucks and I hate it says it
doesn't weirdo I don't fun stuff yeah
fun interesting more so than fun
or can you
I think they spawned out there No
bad timing on my part sure
you boys are trying to kill me
[Laughter]
which should be boys hey
that's pretty sweet right there well the
idea of riding around a motorcycle Pig
yeah pretty awesome oh yeah with razor
tusks yeah the fact that it's on fire is
really just a bonus
let's see here the true-blue review says
have you ever bought a game on impulse
forgot you bought it see it on sale sale
later try to buy it and realize you
already owned the game I don't think
I've ever actually done that
specifically also totally unrelated any
tips on trying star do them maybe tips
I think they've purchased stardew valley
ages ago
and then there was a sale recently and
they tried to buy it again the only the
only tip on stardew valley is have
something that you want to work towards
have an idea in mind do you want to be a
master fisherman do you want to explore
the caves and be a fighter do you want
to grow a specific farm have some sort
of idea of where you want the game to go
as far as buying stuff on sale I I you
know part of it is is the the the
problem we have where we just buy a lot
of games you know for streams and for
stuff I constantly forget what games I
have to play
and having multiple systems and multiple
games across multiple systems does not
help
i-i-i i'm trying to think of a specific
example I have definitely like bought a
game for like the PlayStation 4 forgot I
had it and then bought him again for the
PC and then just said well I can't fuck
it whatever notice yep
bonus game thank you so much peaceful no
[Music]
so that's happened a few times let's see
what we got here
doctor lube it up says hi rich hi jack
yesterday was my 29th birthday happy
birthday
congratulations hey I bought a switch
Mario XCOM and thus ness Minnie my
family was very confused by all the
Nintendo shit I bought for myself
well that's not I mean that first of all
that just sounds like a great food paper
in congratulating
and all the new fun gaming times we will
be having I'm fighting guys
okay well there you go
let's hear bright oh Christ
for short says hey guys thanks for the
laughs I sent you guys a copy of six
string samurai over the summer on a whim
don't expect anything to happen but
either have either you lost it before
it's dumb it's fun Hudson chaos no I've
never seen Manos hands of faith rich no
I have it
I know it's famous I haven't seen it
though Jack Oh hold on Farah didn't let
me see oh I did sorry I missed it
I missed your tip Feridun many apologies
so no I have not seen Manos I know
that's one of those famous bad movies
that everyone has seen I have not I'm
very sorry Feridun to 772 says probably
my last tip for a while as I'll be
leaving my job soon and making a big
move so I got to make this one count
Star Wars trailer Harvey Weinstein porks
Blade Runner DC EU Orville Star Trek
this ran out you ran out of yeah no
those are all the but that's all the big
talking points that's all that's all the
big ones and we've we've mentioned most
of them I still have not seen the new
Blade Runner but I'm still also looking
forward to seeing the new Blade Runner I
know it's not doing terribly it's not
doing terribly well at the box office
are you shocked about
named Ike and J are not shocked by the
they're not shocked they are not shocked
by that it is a name that people
recognize starring two very big name
actors yes it's a weirdo sci-fi movie
but it's a name people know and two
actors that people know so yes I'm a
little surprised that it is tank oh I
don't know if it's tanking but it's not
doing well at the box-office
it's tanking you think it's tanking yeah
it could be tanking but it's a it's a
recognizable name and two big-name
actors but people really know Blade
Runner people won't shut up about it
everybody knows Blade Runner look I can
understand if it were a super hit but I
figured it would make enough to be
successful yeah
it's almost three hours long yeah yeah
that's long and I'm sure it's weird oh
I'm sure it's a weirdo size 5 which is
probably why I'm going to like it
Oh gonzo the great has a great point
here there aren't any laser swords in
him people don't like it if they don't
have the laser swords but I'm still
looking for dirt I'm gonna go see it I'm
gonna actually really try to see it in
the theater which is not something I get
to do very often because of the children
not a kids movie playground
yeah
let's see here GABA quail's says today
today is my birthday
and I wanted to share my joy can I have
a happy birthday from you guys let's see
here valiant blood Johnson's AJ's I was
informed by the CEO of valiant that the
director of the Harbinger film is Justin
tipping he directed a film called kicks
which feels like Harbinger also it may
be rated R it should be rated R it
definitely definitely should be rated
out what's happening general like I said
harvester is one of those harbingers a
comic book series that I really enjoy I
really like the long-form the pacing of
it though so I feel like it would be a
hard thing to Smosh you'll use into one
movie trust me man I would love to see
Harbinger as a series best engineer and
meet me in the Northeast field I got a
plan but you know if they're making a
movie yeah it's not like not like I can
do anything to status are you an
engineer
what's an engineer no idea come with me
but it definitely definitely should be
rated R
this game looks amazing where can i buy
it I believe you have it off of gog gog
calm gog drm-free if you if you must I
believe it's also on steam of so it's
available on personal computers yes or
ps3 xbox360 sure yeah sure last gen this
is the direction they'll attack from you
think yes yes the soundtrack of this
game is fucking amazing burst who's who
of classic hard rock and metal on yes
possibly the best rock show ever a show
where I'm from this guitar makes noises
here it blows stuff up so I can't wait
to see what a full-on rock show does
young man welcome to the road crew get
some friends we got stuff to do oh and
Jack Black who doesn't like Jack Black
forget to listen to Jack Black talk I
think some people don't like him for
some reason really I don't know I mean I
haven't liked movies he's been in but as
a person wasn't he one of those cases
with people started hating him because
he was popular in a lot of things okay
we just got so popular and they didn't
like black jack Jack Black is that true
I could be wrong maybe I ran across one
person who didn't like Jack Black and I
thought it was a thing people are saying
they dislike jock
there you go that's so crazy to me I
know like I know he's bit listen he's
been in some not that good movies he
made some you know questionable choices
and he continues to do so as he's in the
new Jumanji movie good stories the
Titans were said to have summoned a
force from deep within the ground with
special rituals chance I I think he's
great forgotten they used this forced
power there
higher civilization he's obnoxious oh I
watch it you know he's got a thing he's
got a thing and I like the thing that
he's got their fans they've come for the
show and yes with the energy of the fans
we can do anything they look bored I can
fix that he's been in some shit movies
but I don't mind him I I also like I
have a small experience with Jack Black
when we were making one of our high five
video we're doing high five inauguration
and he agreed to be in the video but we
had very little time guys so hey you
gotta come to my hotel room
we got to film it and be out we have
very very little tab the bigger show you
know we start thinking from us of Ritz
that we can do yeah and with Jack Black
in a hotel room urge booth and think of
anything really in time and all of a
sudden were in his room and he's like
okay what do we got my my cab is
literally waiting outside we need to
shoot this now which is you know totally
fair right and so I've blurred out I
don't know what if like the guys are
tickling you like because we just needed
to we needed a bit with it and he's like
here's the thing he was willing just to
go with it no so so so yeah we're we're
kind of like we're finding the bin so
like I don't know like like where you
were tickling you and then the guys
high-five and then and then that's it
and he goes and but so then here's what
makes Jack Black awesome in my book he
goes
well shit we should probably do this in
my bed then hi and I go well yeah and so
then the bid is the guys are tickling
him and they high-five and then he's
under the sheets and he pulls them all
under the sheets right which isn't the
greatest comedy bit in the world but he
was willing just to be dumb with us in
our stupid video so that's my Jack black
story he was incredibly nice to me now
we're cooking yes you can you can watch
this video right now it's called high
five inauguration it was a video we did
for the inauguration of Barack Obama so
you know and it wasn't me no I was
recording I saw I did not get to tickle
Jack Black Mike my cousin Jake and
friend Bob got to tickle Jack Black I
got to stand over them with a camera but
why is it asking me if I'm 18 before I
watch it but so that's that's but he was
really cool to me there are there are
certain people there are certain people
who when you are in a creative space
will either yes and you they'll just go
along with it try to try to make the
idea work and then there's certain
people that'll just shut you down and
say that's dumb loss how and he was oh
my god in a medal game he looks like a
villain about that - it remains mine
boy as of the girls who know what's best
for would he remember my name know
roughly to be made from those little
spiders of yours are you done talking
I'd like to get this over with
don't worry these lamb rock is the
villain absolutely that's great that's
glorious
let's see here that the inauguration
never seen so many oh yeah that was a
great time that was it that was a great
shoot that was an amazing time but you
know we were there we were in DC for
want to say three days and you know it
was a it was a huge party and with any
of the high-five videos the the name of
the game is get as many people's faces
in it as possible you know as many
celebrities as possible and said it was
three solid days of women running as
fast as we can with heavy ass camera
equipment trying to film as many famous
people as we could possibly muster it
was nuts
Feridun says just watch the video that
was actually pretty great fit my tickle
Jack Black
sometimes again pick up people heat you
know what he makes it well is what I was
saying
let's see here valiant blood job says
any plans for another board game night
we've only done one game and it would be
nice to see you guys playing something
like pandemic or safe technically we've
been to board games we did one a
long-ass time ago where we played what
did we play k2 and racket am and then we
recently did the Barbie board game
stream unfortunately no plans to do it
anytime soon because it requires more
than rich and I and so it can be tough
just to organise that many people I
would love to do more board game events
as I big fan of board games there's one
that I've been playing with her kids
recently called coughs her own car spell
car scare own it's like a it's like a
town building game where you have
different tile pieces and you need to
like connect to the roads or the rivers
or the caster's awesome game because it
doesn't involve any like it doesn't
involve any reading and there's very
little strategy and super simple rule
set so it's a great kids game we've been
playing that and we've been playing a
kotomi recently just to kind of solidify
awesome
Caracas on our Carcassonne man
however you pronounce that is what
you've been playing recently and it's a
fantastic party but I know you guys want
more board game screams I want more
board games groans
Clutton data
it's simple strategy in cars stolen
that's why I said very little strength
it's very simple strategy your merch
booth is under attack yeah we can we get
powered by the mystic fans of course of
course you do
of course you do rich
carcasonne thank you you lose from the
other team destroys your stage cool
kill
let's see here anthrax max says hey guys
drunk found a movie at a street vendor
called incident on a dark street with
Robert I'm David canary and guest star
William Shatner looks horrific you think
it has any best of the worst potential
maybe
[Music]
I don't it's a super apartment friends
yes I love Settlers of Catan I play it a
lot board game nights and actually if
you have kids and wants to start getting
them into Catan there is a Catan Junior
the Catan or however you're supposed
around said there is a Catan Junior that
has a kind of simplified rule set and
it's easier for kids to understand it
the strategy but it's still like
basically you know building up the town
trading resources that kind of stuff
it's good it's good
Robert pine is the lieutenant on chips
and Chris Pine dad I did not know that
someone's asking when this game became
dynasty worried about right about now
gets a little hacking slashes there's a
little bit more arty se than dynasty
warriors v's this is like the tutorial
RTS battle I'm still getting into board
games so baby Catan will probably be
good for my dumb ass honestly okay Catan
is one of those games that can easily
lead you down the slippery slope of
board game enthusiastic board game
enthusiasts territory where you start
playing Catan and that'll get you into
like all these weird ass board games and
you'll end up spending so much money on
board go enough I've never so worth it
anyway basically I don't know what's
gotten into you laws but I know one
thing
you will regret what you've started here
who is then someone ray I don't remember
who did the voice for limelight
[Music]
king of oh yeah king of Tokyo is a good
game I am joking at Tokyo you get to
play as giant we have my hit's waiting
for good fortune to trickle down to us
but our days of waiting are over
we've only got on the road we will march
on lion white and free baby man woman
and child in that city and then I do
think my name is Dana do I have a closet
filled with board games I have like I
have some board games that I haven't
even gotten out of plastic like because
we just have too many board games
rob is also the fire guy they're saying
oh yeah later in the game okay okay
okay
true-blue review says no joke my
birthday is coming up this Friday oh my
god congratulations
let's see here any advice for someone
with a cursed birthday this year and
maybe a happy birthday - happy birthday
a cursed bird there's nothing cursed
about that many people consider 13 to be
a very lucky many many people consider
13 to be so I say take it as a lucky
number as a lucky number paint scheme
here motor freak stop
psycho master I don't like that shit let
me see motor freak again that's classic
the racing stripes classic yeah yeah
like that
yep no guns
they just always fire or you know like
okay yeah that might get annoying I was
thinking ready to go let's see here also
should I see happy deathday or the for
any seconds it's time to go
rich choose me happy deathday sounds
great boom I don't know much about
either so happy deathday no matter what
happens keep something weird of premise
full horror film happy deathday someone
dies she gets murdered every night same
night he loves it and we're not taking
that brand new tour bus for wheeling
over that field I you know what I I
think I remember seeing this trailer and
then I completely forgot about it okay
yeah then definitely see happy death
there it looks like a stupid fun premise
are they taking it serious or is it
gonna be a silly think they might be
taking it serious they can't be taking
it too seriously sure they're probably
not taking at that since I haven't seen
the film rich why aren't you giving me
an in-depth analysis on happy deathday
because fuck you okay
and foreigner is Jackie Chan needs taken
oh it's the happy deathday that seems
like a more fun
wait a can actually with Jackie Chan
that's what we're just a Jackie Chan
esque filling hey no it's it's Jackie
Chan is in a takin s movie 89 he's very
old so it won't be the same it's not the
same jacket god I hope he's not still
doing his own stunts I'm sure I'm sure
he stops doing that Oh huh all right
well in his fifties they're saying late
60s he's got to be older than that
and he's doing rush hour for Jesus
he's only as late 60s the man has like
things fall on his face for a living he
has been beat up more times than fucking
Rocky Balboa he's been he's been doing
this since the 70s yeah yeah
yeah started off as just a stuntman than
a you know stuntman actor director but
you know mostly stuntman
he's been a professional punching bag
for 60 years
a great punching bag everybody loved
jack chambers
even the shitty ones
let's see here anthrax max as Jack you
missed my tip no I didn't I just read it
later he didn't give a shit I didn't
know I did I read it I read it I just
read it before you said I missed it
what makes you so fucking special
sometimes it takes us a while to get to
the tips don't just assume I appreciate
the second tip saying that I missed the
first one but don't just assume that I
missed it as I guess what
where are you Oh also a movie
recommendation takashi me kaze over your
dead end bodies of lion whites guard
underrated in my book okay it's a movie
called over your dead body by Prakash a
me it looks like Takashi Miike but it's
like two eyes so Takashi Miike met gay
Takashi Miike how about that mangas the
hour of rock is upon us
oh okay
cool they introducing new mechanic still
yeah yeah classic Double Fine problem
classic double fine just simplifies
people simplify
they must have poisoned their blades
with demon venom will remind me to send
them a thank-you note I feel great
you need to lay down in the bus
[Music]
there's new mechanics throw this was
exactly my problem with I'm even psycho
not some sort of poison demon juice but
I'm sure the is every you know there's a
new mechanic every single level we use
it to our advantage
let's not fear this blessing from the
Titans he's right everyone get ready for
battle the enemy I know it's great
I was afraid this would happen don't
worry about Navy I was gonna wanted
wings in fact when I was a kid I used to
dream about it all the time I hope my
parents were wrong about this there's
more going on than meets the eye
what just in the just in the RTS
sections fly around survey the
battlefield sure old Lee Jack Black
could deliver that line
silence ground Walker that's great
that's great let's see here true blue
review says no joke we read that one
already
go see happy deathday that sounds like
fun that sounds like a movie I want to
see yes I'm looking to the chat when I
look to my right
that's our that's where our other
monitor is cameras their monitors their
televisions there
Davis there which is there I'm here are
my clothes I think this game has no lost
that's I think there was a lot of people
though they didn't like the RTS type
stuff then me run out there's more of
that yeah I can't plant a rally flag
that's terrible
I'm so sorry
yeah just like so far it just seems like
the game is trying to be many many games
nice wings
[Applause]
[Laughter]
later there's racing quests those are
like completely optional though mm-hmm I
don't think there's a single story lion
racing thing okay that's good
Ironhead over here
how the fuck to double fine get away
with abandoning space-based df9 I don't
even remember that game was it ever
finished was it ever anywhere
that happens games get abandoned
sometimes would you rather have them put
out a crappy game or quit before they
get before they go too far it was
kick-started the early access then
released unfinished alas too bad that's
too bad
[Music]
you can't give me false information all
the time chat nothing constantly
[Music]
I'll see here generally five says thanks
hack frogs if it wasn't for these
pointless donations my puppy would still
be alive
fuck it I have officially found out
who's Snoke is no joke link is in the
chat please look I'm sure it is a really
serious
tear down that shitty merge smooth free
those fans so they may come to love
no shadow relief five wasn't the one
asking for a refund oh well he wasn't
the one like there-there was what the
one person that accidentally tipped us a
large sum of money when they meant to
tip us a small sum that person was
ruthless shadow elite five was asking
for a refund of years worth of tipping
to save a puppy what really did not we
really did not and so that what that was
going too far for us if it was a
one-time mistake yeah thanks
but puppies kittens birds or fish it's
in none of the matters
Oh shadow we thought that Snow Queen has
been out for a while
it's
it's a link to you know how in a new
hope that one stormtrooper accidentally
and smoke has the right it's a joke it's
a joke meme thing that has been
happening for a while now we all see it
shadowy five you can stop sharing gonna
be Darth Plagueis the one Palpatine
talked about now is the only other Sith
Lord we have but these better you are
I'm gonna mean I'm gonna meme share
shame Captain Zorro I'm gonna meme shame
if it's an old you used me to warn out
mean I'm gonna be shamed topple Tyne
killed him he said as much a puppet he
was lying
doesn't matter it's a name they said
[Laughter]
they said the name in a different Star
Wars
stop right there if you can make it
through the cleave alive
then you must work for general Lyon
white Oh knock it off leader they work
with me yeah when is right ragnaroks
coming out soon right
yeah that's why this uses power over
death
yeah to survive is that a sift power
power Palpatine talk about really great
together we could find the power of
lazarey Plagueis already had that and
used it sure yep that's it what in fact
he's gonna bring Darth Vader back to
life
what fight Darth Vader again if you're
implying that in episode 9 we get a
zombie Darth Vader I am so fucking down
okay meet me at the screaming wall with
your roadie friends Darth Vader's on
hashtag Darth Vader zombie episode 9
it's gonna be great
no more wings oh I think I might find
all the snake statue dragon statues yeah
I think I can do that whatever just fly
around whenever that would be awesome
well that's the reward you get for all
of the tedious tedious statue hunting
absolutely ungodly tedious statue
hunting
going to the side earlier to pick up
your face read it back to the blade head
what
I need this uh collecting data says I
always say Jack Black was my Shaun
Cassidy got to go backstage at a
tenacious d show in high school in 2003
Goodwin he was super nice loved your
story about him
I always it's it's always weird for me
like he's just one that I assume
everyone likes and here people go ah
Jack Black it's now come on maybes bad
some bad movies
just playing some Judas it's a priest do
it
did I ever end up seeing the Close
Encounters rerelease I did not Turbo
Jesus I could not get out of that but I
did see someone shared with me the news
rich yeah they re releasing Batman the
Animated Series I spent I spent monic
good money on those four box sets before
no I got it now I gotta fuckin buy them
all over again but blu-ray rich Jesus
Christ
blu-ray great what is enough enough it
could be enough for you right now you
don't need to get I only have season 1
on DVD so I'm gonna buy the blu-ray
by them like Jay and the and the Evil
Dead releases I know that's how I feel
about like clerks I want to say
currently I have four DVD version if you
works at home - a blu-ray version
doesn't clerks look like shit the first
place it does you but because it's Kevin
Smith and he's generally really good
about this I just filled with bonus
content like that's why they have a
clerks ex yeah which is like the 10 year
anniversary of clerks it has like a
whole documentary about like the time in
between clerks one and curtains - and
all this behind the scenes footage and
all this bonus content it's glorious
Darmok that's not my secret shame that's
my very public shame I genuinely enjoy
clerks and think it's a very important
movie can't stop the song I can't start
the cutscene doing this
that uses up to you that's just improper
it's one game I don't turn your music
off - sure well yeah that's fine that's
it's a fine soundtrack which is
different Venice
fuck modernization heavy metal salsa
shark
the only the only thing good Kevin Smith
has done says crispy-fried Minh crispy
Friedman is that fat man on Batman
podcast listen Kevin Smith is incredibly
important to many many people he was
Kevin Smith is important to podcasting
in general he was doing that shit before
anyone not before anything he was he was
an early adopter of what a lot of people
are just doing down rich likes and
ad-rock what kind of shit music do you
like
this is dad rock my dad can kick your
ass coming out it's safe to assume
sometimes those guys they wanna feel bad
okay I'll see here what Rex says is
drunk Jack going to return this
Halloween that wasn't a bid that was
just happenstance let's hit the trail
okay watch out for rocks drunk jack is
not a character right that was just me
when I was drunk word around the block
is that there might be some filming on a
Saturday and as is well documented in
his Saturday is my drinking day I
certainly don't want it I don't want
like me being drunk on best of the worst
to become a running gag because that
will do poorly for me in the long run
there's your gobbledy good my name is
tates ascend red letter media your home
brewed booze folks or just regular group
send us whatever you want gobbledygook
says are you ready for the Microsoft
mixed reality reveal on October 17th
pre-order your Acer Lenovo Samsung HP
and Dell headsets
starting at 3:00 399 dollars anyone
remember Microsoft Bob I don't know who
Microsoft Bob is I kind of do but I
don't
Caryn's brought Microsoft Bob up once or
twice I don't know anything about the
Microsoft mixed reality reveal event so
I'm sorry rich do you know anything
about the Microsoft mixed reality reveal
screaming no that wasn't the paperclip
helper that was Clippy
Clippy was the helpful paperclip helper
he helped you out in Microsoft Word
bob was the cartoon OS yeah apparently
VR is only $400 now so we're on our way
on our way to where we are we're on our
way to where we are I think Facebook is
coming out with their like standalone
oculus headset soon as well oh yeah cuz
you know they bought the oculus yeah so
like they're they're coming out with
like a standalone version like just the
headset no need for a PC
oh yeah kia was doing that's not a thing
obviously it's what everyone's wearing
all the time you you walk down the
street and just see people in their
oculus all right can you do this great
now over here I'll be right back there's
a cartoon I saw that made you feel
sympathy for Chloe oh yeah
could be being fired we just wanted to
help people like and Clippy getting
fired and shoving a filing cabinet and
forgotten about
Oh quick whole cartoon that makes you
just feel absolutely horrible for
clipping you know he clippings it
introduced a lot of people so you know
word process Robot Chicken it might have
but I think this is more traditional
animation
that feedback very dangerous not to be
toyed with farmer Phipps says my oculus
came free with my phone
he used it a few times
is that an oculus or is that one of
those like things that you slide your
phone into that's different than an
oculus there's that like Samsung VR for
their Android phone where you can just
slide your phone into a headset and your
phone acts like an oculus but it's not
about you that's what it's called the
gear
yes that's okay yeah the oculus is a
little more a little more complicated
than just the thing that you put your
phone in well I wanted to make sure you
got back before your boyfriend got
jealous oh don't say stupid stuff it's
pretty clear you love Lars
of course I do he's a great man an
inspirational leader selfless heroic not
that hard to look at either his chest
look
brother to me right
oh yeah
[Music]
I love this game though to be fair I
kind of know what I'm doing a bit in
this game and I've not been taking too
much time to fuck around with like side
missions right I think we're near the
end of Act one
I just don't think about you gossip
would help us right now okay yeah oh
okay that's not bad yeah
further than saying it's not a criticism
I appreciate the juice well yeah I think
a lot of that just is rich knowing what
he's doing I can only imagine a ton of
this game on your first playthrough just
drive around Oh dad told us hold on my
first playthru just driving around what
the fuck's over here oh my god I'm gonna
I'm gonna ride these warthog bikes yep
years before breath of the wild rich
right
that's that's right into a crime so many
Vista's I mean they're heavy-metal
vista's oh the whole point was
everything looks like it was a heavy
heavy metal album cover yeah yeah so
yeah there's gonna be beasties
alright are you people ready yeah for
like an hour
oh what's the deal I we should I should
I finish act 1 should we do much more
than that then you want to play around
with a starting form so yes I'm serious
I've been dead serious what's our plan
for the rest of the night
III got no plan so we're just finishing
actor 1 and I think that's a good spot
I'm sure sure I'm fine with that
what's what how is it was this the boss
er this mission and then there's one
after this okay well you know we'll do
this mission and we'll see how we feel
okay this one shouldn't be that long
this is should be breathing alright find
a way to convince his wife that it
didn't garbage cookies little
embarrassing thing happen to me started
yeah penny and I'm fresh out of marriage
like a day or two after we were married
she can't just be big
unless of course they start noting those
fuckers on because here's the thing in
stardew valley randomly you can find
good things in people's garbage and a
lot of times like if you're just walking
from point A to point B you pass a
couple garbage cans and so you know
usually if no one's around I take a look
if you're digging in the garbage is near
your clinic shop you can find geodes you
can find meat full meals in the bars
garbage you can find cookies you can
find a useful thing to me you know it's
just it's free stuff why wouldn't I why
wouldn't I want free stuff Bridgette you
know the only problem is if someone sees
you digging in the garbage yeah it
lowers I don't know I don't know if it
lowers their friendship for you but they
always say hey don't do that that's
gross right so penny caught me digging
in the garbage full Hey she already
married me
is free stuff worth your dignity jack in
a video game yeah it's not my dignity
basically yeah my a I wife doesn't
respect me at the moment because she saw
me digging in other people's garbage but
my a I wife also enjoys the house that I
built for her pay paid for by stuff I
dug out of the garbage so you know Oh
give it take I keep bringing in that
money she doesn't complain about that I
think they know we're coming
you can get divorced and starting you
can even go to a witch and have her
memory erased what which in the game you
can have had kids so the kids our main
issue anymore that's horrifying
I trust that is absolutely horrifying
against me at least I didn't turn him
into a pumpkin my dad you that's what I
was thinking you turn kids into a
pumpkin then you can sell them so the
only thing I have to sell the kids
I trust it to you get some bird kids
jack maybe metal one starter yes thirty
bellies weird
no one shall kill horrifies it's only in
the game because people ask for it well
I mean they do have to do something you
know why would you want to get divorced
to get another wife see all the
cutscenes
sure sure can you have a kid with the
game errors in the game you can adopt
[Music]
this is this is the end of Act one here
this is the guy that flew with his hair
yeah this is his headquarters obviously
[Laughter]
which doesn't look like much of a dome
but there I guess yeah dome ish don't
tell me what's the hold up what hold up
I was waiting for you do wives the stack
no you cannot I'm sure there is a
polygamy who wants to bet wants to bet
they have a multiple wives
ooh that's actually a really good
question captain Zorro can your wife
initiate divorce I've never been on bad
terms with my wife I wonder I know once
again not even in the harvest the wife
would go back to her parents house for a
bit I sure like if you up your heart
level drop right I can see that I don't
know how the star gene handles tequila's
I basically what I'm asking is how many
more times does she have to catch me
digging in the garbage before she leaves
me taking in the garbage problem the
time has come for you to shut the hell
up lie in white you enslaved your own
people for profit I mean sometimes I
find cookies in the garbage and I give
the cookie she likes them the Titans who
came before us left a precious gift in
our hands and you exploited it cheap and
it sold it out for your own commercial
gain the powerful music of the past you
almost made us forget about it
almost today we shall hear it again the
music of the free people for the honor
of Finch for the freedom of its people
[Applause]
[Music]
I'd leave you for that Jack it's a big
yo game
that's what like that's one of the only
reasons that I have any Clough at this
point because I keep finding newspaper
in people's garbage China have recycler
and that's one way you can get coffee
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
not for penny for penny this is real
right
I know you'll behind all this and say I
guess maybe that's the other good thing
about penny is her standards are pretty
low at this point
you can live in in a trailer I think I
think I need to do a little bit worse
than garbage picking for her to leave me
so I think I got this covered
[Music]
has anyone brought up school of rock yet
have you seen school of down it's cute
cute movies what I figured it would be
it's a cute kids movie it's cute to the
point of excess it's a kids movie it's
that is kind of a point
Pizza Train 11 says Jack do you consider
yourself as a millennial or a Gen X or
the same name before Millennials were a
word I had always considered myself
generationally why'd the generation
after Genesis were supposed to be the
apathetic ones I'm somewhere in the
border if you care about these things of
Y and X right and no one really calls us
Generation Y anymore but I was part of
the apathetic generation that's X no X's
anti-establishment X's X's X's Nirvana
X's am pathetic those Y if you look at
the pure numbers I am considered a
millennial though I do consider myself a
millennial because I'm not an asshole
anyone and it you know you shouldn't
consider yourself anything
[Music]
I have nothing right I saw nothing I'm
just I'm just I'm just here to young for
Generation X too old to be a millennial
so I'm the middle child of the
generations ain't that like maybe that
makes me more millennial
Michael Jackson said we were the Pepsi
generation okay okay I can go with that
I can be I'll listen to Michael Jackson
[Applause]
[Music]
Jack now I'm nothing packard confirmed
in management i
that's a lot of letters check box a 1000
percent you said not a nine inch nails
on TP returns was greater than no TP
dependencies God I've liked well do be
sandwich there's the downward spiral
which is one album and then there's
further down the spiral
say that with uh with enough confidence
where you know a lot of people will
believe me but now I'm doubting himself
but there was a man smiles out
I really think there was though
whoo okay it was a remix out but I
remember further down there it was a
thing that exists great
the fragile is the what followed oh yeah
okay but further down spiral was the
remix album which I else will have any
things
awesome great memory working for now
compensating
Oh like how fixed it was the Rheem
itself from broken did a record label
make this game just people who like for
heavy metal and hard rock tim schafer
really liked heavy metal and he wanted
to make this boat know they loved it
this is a passion project that was a
development for a fucking long ass time
[Laughter]
you did it you did it rich yeah yeah
congratulations
what's the D it's weird that a Sammy
Hagar's I predict villain when the
soundtrack features a bunch of Motley
Crue songs Sammy Hagar is the villain
though because he is though he is the
the worst part of Van Halen Hagar is the
villain of the Halen's you shouldn't be
lying ruin Van Halen no that's not very
Vic Ulis David Lee rod is being a dick
ever we can hide for me no we are done
with that we will keep marching down the
great highway until we are at the Vic
Ulysses doorstep and then we will truly
end this once and for all
oh it turns out that lunar about no more
interesting and doesn't have a final
boss that I'm aware of so you're not
missing much oh man oh man ruiner was so
boring nothing interesting at all ready
to hit the road White's house oh yeah
crap his only crime was not being David
Lee Roth yes but I'm not trying to be
the lead singer of Van Halen am i I
understand that was not Sammy Hagar's
fault Sammy Hagar didn't force
van Halen to split when Tommy Lee Roth
to leave the band but he was all we were
left with and he wasn't as good that
gate looks really strong it's gonna take
forever to break do that
look dude how about this how about you
take off your fucking diaper lay down
your little baby foo-foo and go do your
fucking job right now dude not cool I
don't have to stop the bus to take a
leak all right
[Music]
- Vikas
what's his name the Vic Ulis
enough Sakura hi why you disrupt my
industry but I understand you tried to
make me look bad so you can stripped me
of my power a very commendable now you
said time we're off listen I say a lot
of things I might excite abomination
which we permitted only to keep the
human wool Tommy Lee Jones mixed with
David Lee Roth
you get Tommy Lee Roth why do you live
on you can ask you ones your mission was
just fine he's it's a little always a
little over manipulated for dinner for
my days
let us wage war sakura a terrible and
beautiful war amongst these dogs for one
these dogs these are free men and women
and they no longer serve you or anyone
else do not dare to speak to me you
insect who do you think you are I am
proud to say that these free humans have
named me their king whoa it seems I had
less to worry about than I thought you
know what that is
birudo my little sister you must take
care of her
get them to the bus you son
come on
no doobie sandwich that was not a
graphical glitch I think that was
interesting monster design
[Laughter]
I think
gobbledygook says one step ahead one
step behind now you got a run to get
even and make future plans don't dream
about yesterday hey come on
turn turn this thing around right now
hey it's your tomorrow right now
and you know I'm her for those enchanted
who I was not defending van Hagar which
sucks
musically I was defending defending
Sammy Hagar and that guy was just
working he was just there to sing it's
not his fault the music sucked
get it ball from twitch into a def jam
poetry slam what we're just we're just
singing some classic van Hagar
that is that work
[Music]
[Music]
we made it we're safe
he can't protect you anymore no one can
leader she sold us out told them we were
coming later why would I do that the
first guitar hero it's become a it's
become a bit of a leader don't make me
do this girl fight let me avenge my
brother let you I'll help you avenge
your brother but first I need to talk to
Ophelia alone don't
Edward she'll manipulate you but she did
with Lars wait here hey what are you
gonna do with her she's gone nuts what
did he mean about your mission what to
spy on us
the Vic Ulis he wasn't talking about me
oh right Sakura ik so who's that I I
can't tell you can't tell me what are
you hiding from us I was trying to
protect you protect me or protect
yourself she looks I was doing catering
you stopped doing what leading us into a
trap
you said you trust me I did and in
return you kept secrets from me and how
large is dead what do I care if you turn
your back on me
you're just like the rest of them she
better be careful bending over with all
those spikes down there they warned me
and it's something like you might return
they warned me about a lot of things but
I just don't care anymore
okay there you go boom
you did it rich yeah yeah you did it all
you did needed all the things you uh um
you know what anonymous no I'm not going
to thank you for the tip I appreciate
that
rich do you care to give your best Tim
Allen grunt I don't know that's in that
one grunt there you go I do know the Tim
Allen grunt and I'm not gonna do it just
go like a monkey or something
I know did you still like a monkey bit
monkey ish yeah I got too much
self-respect it's like a monkey mixed
with a pig kind of and that one's jerked
off a droid so yeah yeah yeah
all right well Jack digs in trash cans
in video games in video games I dig in
trash cans not in real life now is the
point of the stream in which we thank
all the people who have subscribed to us
during this very stream much like
Christo Barrow Berto who says I had to
take a break from streams after
hurricane in Florida so happy to be back
and be able to hang out to take people
to hang out be able to take hang out in
these streams again what yep thank you
so much for the fun times reading is
hard it's alright I think there's like a
weird word stumble in there yep yeah
yeah there you go take part and then I'm
sure take out
let's hey let's all take hangers thank
hang everyone let's take hang take it
the hang I am a robot zero one zero one
zero one sense start watching you guys
about a year ago since then I've gone
back and watched every stream and now I
give you free money with twitch prime
free money bunga Doug 437 motherfucking
months in a row bunga Doug says 37
months what am i doing
just kidding thanks for all the stuff
you guys huh Bob I'm a Bab oh yeah Ryba
78 JRR Lovecraft says nine months
congratulations it's a baby boy Hey baba
yaga la la for 22 fucking months in a
Rome
who says I just completed demons souls
the game is a treat and is like no other
games have you come have u guys
completed it no nope I've only played
the little bit we played here on stream
man dress personally played Demon Souls
you fans you've got a Dark Souls we
played Demon Souls think we did we did
just a little bit of it I remember oh
wait I think I dunno yeah yeah just a
little bit of there we go yeah this is
funny cuz it's like early yeah van van
dreamt for 17 months in a row versus
this game is just like Helldivers yeah
oh wait we got one last one last tip
gobbledygook says one last shameless
sean connery please please please please
please just say this one line
okay I will say exactly what you wrote
gobbledygook s-- uh I'll take their APIs
for 200 Alex they're a pissed
that's from celebrity jeopardy yes but
that's not what that's not what he said
in celebrity jeopardy
I think gobbledygook Smith type to what
he said okay okay saying that okay
saying the other thing okay if you're
not it's because I know I know Mike's
like I'm well aware of the power of
editing to make someone you know look
like a jackass rich has self-respect and
is speaking eloquently it's the power
metal man its power metal elevated
though you did that one y'all Euler's
number for 15 months in a row
development heck dick gently ER for 12
months in a row who says I made it a
whole year what do I win maybe I just
won this sad feeling love you guys keep
it up the zoo man 1 2 3
Grimlock 1980 amazed and confused a
total lamer public Harman Z 421 fucking
months in a row oh dear beginning to end
valve 5001 sickness effect beginning to
end
snake wasp
Joe snow Chernobyl kinsman for 30
fucking months in a row
oh hey I yeah yeah oh hey it just turned
my 30 month anniversary so 30 months to
this hour since rich did his perfect
playthrough of dead rising Wow
ignoring the console crashes on this
account I can't help that Wow
still waiting on that dr2 perfect run
off the record
maybe someday maybe someday turn
smuggler 44 says hey Jack ever had
Soylent I started drinking the pre-made
version and it's super good wouldn't do
it for every meal but it's great for
mornings and other times you don't want
to prepare or cook food keep up the
great work
do you know what Soylent is mmm no no
it's Soylent Green is so the this
startup company on a California decide
decided to name their meal replacement
sup Uintas Soylent they should have just
called it Soylent Green it would have
been brilliant people what about it it
probably couldn't for copyright reasons
but the idea is it's it has all the
nutritional value you need all day so
you just I think one thing right that's
all he needs to drink all day no I like
food too much I've really enjoyed
chewing and you know food so I've not
tried it I also really like breakfasts
that's to me breakfast is my biggest
meal of the day I love eggs I need it
all so I'm not too interested in Soylent
okay I was turd
smuggle turd smuggler Darmok talk
striker 1121 429 fucking months in a row
says I need you guys to get me through
this here baseball game we want the
Indians to win sure
sure that sounds fine whatever team
you're rooting for I'm with you not
necessarily for me well we'll see who
you're rooting for right lime beads for
37 motherfucking months in a row says
make sure you guard your dinkle winkler
okay Christ for short
turbo Dangerfield says how much rich put
a rich Evans Richie from rich Evans good
rich rich I'm no way that's not exactly
what they said they should have said I'm
how much for Jevons would have rich
Evans how much rich would have rich
Evans Evans rich Evans could Evans rich
that makes sense
Darth ERV who says hey seven months in
oh look I got nothing against the
Indians winning it's not who I was
talking about Brittany both you are this
one
jeepers Makino flip switch gaming super
apartment friends mark 3611 gentlemen
bears says so she says to me do you want
to be a bad boy and I say yeah baby yeah
Surf's Up space ponies I'm making gravy
with the lumps yeah baby yeah yeah baby
yeah yeah ba what poms at midnight she
says to me she says to me yeah I'm
making gravy with how the loves the the
midnight bomber what bombs at midnight
rich because I'm the midnight bomber
what bombs at midnight
[Laughter]
I even Lee who says here just to take
all my fuckin are here just take all my
fuckin money why don't you sure that's a
great idea
I mean if that works for you we're cool
and boron for 13 months in a rope Pete's
train 11 for 32 fucking months in a row
says going to use my sub to remind
everyone mr. robot season 3 premiered
tonight and it was epic
side note you
say is now going full f-bomb drops much
like FX decided to do a while ago and
it's delightful yes you know it's you
know the reason restrictions paying for
cable yeah oh yeah you're paying for
cable paying for those f-bombs what is
it after 8 o'clock were and we're
dropping them if it's not wait if it's
not broadcast over the air and it's
through literally through cable then
that's government has no say in that I
don't think there's any kind of 8
o'clock restriction if it's paid TV you
can say whatever the fuck you want you
might be right yeah rich is right
probably I mean these companies might
have their own standards that they use
when they don't want to offend you
probably wouldn't see that unlike the
Disney family chance sure but if like
hypothetically yeah if the Disney family
channel wanted to start dropping f-bombs
left or right as as much as that might
hurt them with their current demographic
yeah I don't think there's anything the
FCC can do about it you're probably
right 11 Jack Lamont
Jay Jay cheek er 421 fucking months in a
row anxious Herman lo de ma who says
speaking of DC Universe Online you know
what else is a game the end is nigh
starring rich fucking Evans that's true
yeah very true and eat my sandwich thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it
it's true we very much do
I don't have