Episode 874
Tie "Died" (Part 1)
October 16, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AIh9p3zWDl0
___________________________________________

are here we're ready we got hopefully we
got all the sound figured out I know the
last couple of streams it's been a
little haywire the sound I think we got
it all figured out all right great oh my
I already dropped my fitted pencil you
where's your spinner man I don't I think
somebody just got rid of it you think
someone got rid of your spinner
malicious intent Jack Jack it wasn't me
I don't know what happened that cube you
got me either here somewhere I don't
know where the hell it is I you know
what I have another one do you need
another Q that's fine do you need
another Q cuz I can just bring it and I
do have an other birthday coming up a
second cube cuz even though it came late
that cube was your birthday present from
last year by the way the person who sent
me the NES raspberry pie case it's
adorable and one of my birthday gifts I
know I happen to know is going to be a
little raspberry pie to put in it nice
so nice something neat that we'll be
needin not the fidgets pencil right what
are we gonna do what are we gonna do
with rich here he's got a fidget pencil
all right so we're we are playing Friday
the 13th the game because it has been
recently updated it has been recently
updated it's got new shit in it we were
messing around with some what all is new
I know we did one test before yeah
scream for the sound but I know I know
there's a new hippie character who's a
new hippie there's a new Jason part for
ya that everything I and a new map and a
new map a whole new method is the hippie
the only new character yeah okay so if
Mitch Floyd who I I want to say is was a
was a real character yes he liked and
that has what is happening here whoa
whoa what did you do how did we get
where do why is this open oh we didn't
wait do we have to buy the emote used to
buy the emote packs two dollars four
remotes well you want to use the modes
do you want to walk you have to log out
and assign issue because I don't need
this shit no I don't want it motes you
don't want emotes oh no I'm not paying
for a motes all right I'm not paying for
fucking emotes is our is our stream all
leggy you see that yeah yeah we look
stuttery is that is that us or is is
that just how we're seeing it is our
stream all leggy stuttery stream is
laggy is it downloading shadow of war in
the background oh I want to be cost that
I thought I paused it but double check
how about let's do the old double check
I'm with you I'm with you down those
buzz no it's paused right there good oh
I just wonder for it because of Friday
the 13th so now watch this click on
Friday the 13th okay yeah now we're okay
all right that's fine that was maybe it
was just because you're on the steam
overlay for the emotes that you have to
pay for $2 eases Christ $2 for remote is
rose that's great okay so then the other
thing they added here let's go in here
we'll go to Jason is part for Jason look
at that guy buy all the things yeah
let's get as unique kills
but let's use all the unique one so we
see what they are and why is if we get
to play as him why is something's not
right here
what look look at like where it's
highlighted it's all like itself itself
fucked fine you know I'll just use the
mouse okay so the Jarvis Jason slams the
pig splitter into the counselors head
great just use the mouse what's this one
oh yeah we can we can purchase this
confirm the Chop Suey what does the Chop
Suey do again
Jason splits the counselor in two and up
and under Jason hacks the counsellor
from both ends and yeah that was it
wrong and then finally what do you what
do you I mean I'm a big fan of punching
the head off that day you're just fine I
think that's all fine mist so alright
this Jason can't run has increased
weapon strength increased destruction
weapon strength okay okay thank you oh
okay let's just try like break down
doors oh well that's great
- shift - traps and money - traps oh
he's already garbage I mean he's no bag
head he's no bad guy you know - traps
that's a lot that's a lot to ask out of
me boo alright now let's get let's get
Floyd here some let's take a look at
what outfit he's gotten oh there we go
oh you can change the colors there we go
she can't buy shirts for this guy maybe
not yet you can unlock stuff all right
there we go this that's a great looking
Floyd right there oh wait did that save
ya that's safe did they change closing
for the other counselors too or you can
change the hue just just go to a
different counselor just want to see
yeah so like like you know it's not
severed hue it's just like different
pants you know like or different yeah
different colors are we missing some of
the old outfits them know they're here
like this one oh wait why are you
working I'm assuming if you click on the
swimsuit it's guaranteed to the page
source yeah you can change her outfit
it's there there's some nice kicks look
at that boom
I guess with the swimsuits it is just
cosmetic just hot you just look hot that
swimsuit though I mean you know it
doesn't really hot I look at they look
really nice in their swimsuits chad's
banana hammock you know the the emote
one's annoying though because that's
that that in theory does affect gameplay
a bit right don't have a mic and you
need to communicate with somebody and
you want to communicate you gotta pay
for that
yeah and agreed that's a little
off-putting women okay so great quick
play can have the dealy sure okay should
we want to grab it off of my lap I would
be really awkward and like it's right
out its off-camera and so like they
would just see me grab at your crotch so
you know one of those one of those
things
you know okay three but I can't use the
emote wheel my dad is always in the
leopard-print banana hammock yes that's
gonna be annoying if you're just trying
to enjoy this Friday the 13th game and
then a bunch of idiots running around in
bathing suits and it's the like that
breaks the atmosphere and I I agree with
that
it is funny oh here it is Jarvis's house
that's the new map part 4 yeah yeah so
so like it is funny and it's cute and
for people who have been playing this
game for a while like that immersion is
already broke and so it it won't matter
for them for new players you're kind of
getting into that spooky feeling and all
of a sudden five Chad's and banana
hammocks run by and that's gonna break
it for a new player so I agree yeah but
I also think it's funny I have not seen
the new Blade Runner and I do want to
see the new Blade Runner but I have not
I'm looking forward to seeing it but at
this point is looking like I won't be
able to see it until it comes to VOD
Chad it's not it's not Chad it's not
just the Chad's running around in the
banana hammocks it's any of even though
even the hot female counsels running
around a bikini it does kind of break
the Friday the 13th atmosphere right
agreed agreed but you know it's it is
cute and they do need to one
okay brand-new map here rich yeah that's
it this is exciting this is exciting
all right you filthy hippie what you got
oh I'm right next to the house great
you filthy hippie this would be exciting
because this you know neither of us have
played on this map before Jenna hand me
the keyboard I can't beyour t to talk
guy oh good idea
here keyboard yeah good idea
all right but it's still the same we got
we've still got the same strats going
here right oh you know what I didn't
give Jarvis any any updates any
abilities I'm give him enough shit mine
it's fine we can go around without perks
yeah this is a this is a new map added
like this is definitely Friday the 13th
yeah on Friday the 13th this is a cabin
that we've seen before but a new whole
new map I can't and so once once I get
outside we'll be able to see all the
newness they they make it a full map
where's it tiny like the other one once
they redid oh yeah we'll have to just a
sock we'll have to see
I don't know she had in it how's this
game play with a controller compared to
a keyboard and mouse and keyboard uh you
know please okay there's a little bit of
aiming very little very little there's
some knife-throwing shenanigans when
you're Jason yeah I usually play like
and I was weird for me but I usually
play this with a controller just because
they don't let you rebind keys unless is
that another DLC they're charging for
the revine Keys DLC snap right well and
with all of the random buttons that you
have to press to open doors and open
windows and and do all that stuff
I think the controller does overall work
better but even for that I would love to
rebind my controller settings
it's the best movie I've seen this year
I don't even know if I've seen that many
movies this year uh-huh
let's come out this year that I've seen
I don't remember I I don't first of all
I don't know what you've seen this
guardians to I guess was decent of
spider-man homecoming a spider-man
homecoming favorite Hogan was good and
and for anybody who might be asking
about it so someone earlier you're
talking about it in the chat I've not
seen new blood runner
yeah neither neither of I and I know you
know you don't much care well I'm first
I hate the first one that's boring as
fuck
I'm curious above the new one I'm gonna
give it a shot but it's three hours long
I'm not doing it in a fucking theater
this is not a movie theater movie this
is a home movie oh and see for me this
is this is a movie theater movie I
really Blade Runner oh yeah well I mean
just for it just for the visuals alone I
want to see that on the big screen and I
love this director he's this director is
the same guy that did arrival which I
really loved and I think he's he's a
very talented director so I'd like it's
something that I want to see on the big
screen
yeah I understand everybody that it's
visually thrilling but it's close to
three hours long I want to be at home so
I can you know pause it and go to the
bathroom or maybe I can make myself
dinner while I watch it sure can you
guys even see any of this this is
darkish this is dark as heck I can't I
can't see I can barely see anything oh
my one my flashlights not on battle
Studdard that'll help turn the
flashlight on wait is that it is that
Tommy what is that Tommy's walkie-talkie
look at this huh it's Tommy's room you
know age age-wise this makes no sense
with the Tommy Jarvis who shows up in
game I call shenanigans
this game is glaring continuity problems
you know absolutely I want that back
it's nicely made of faithful will the
movie yeah house it's a cool-looking
room
hi Jason chasing you oh shit that's the
real music
where where oh okay
Oh nip there is what just please I am I
am I am playing
you're boned I got it yeah but what he
shifted right behind you you weren't
even moving you were just going straight
oh I think I got caught on a fight I
think I got on a bike bridge stranger
thing in less than two weeks yeah
that'll be exciting yeah it'll be
exciting best movies like what were we
talking about the other day we were
talking about get out you didn't see get
out no which is you know a good movie
that came out this year right didn't
that come out this year and I was
surprised or we were we were talking
about some movie that that we all I
asked a good movie you know I don't know
if it's the best of the year but and I
was like that didn't come out this year
did it but apparently it did the big
sick is a movie that came out this year
that I really enjoyed that's a fucking
good and good movie I don't know if it's
like the best of the year what like what
else has come out this year last year
let's hear that was in what Dunkirk
don't Kirk was okay yeah I'm not gonna
stop it with the big sick it's a good
fucking movie yeah Wonder Woman was
pretty good I probably give it to
spider-man over Wonder Woman though
easily baby driver I didn't see Logan I
didn't much care for
cars three turn it on the laptop sorry
we the laptop ran out of battery so we
haven't been reading tips sorry everyone
will get there
Dunkirk wasn't bad I'm not saying it's
bad why didn't I care for Logan I didn't
think I didn't know how to properly
explaining Logan is like I didn't think
the character aspects of it were up to
snuff to my personal standards what I
like from it from a story I didn't think
it went anywhere story wise or I don't I
also don't think it said the things it
was trying to say but yeah it was like
it was fine I also think like Logan was
one of those that was built up too much
for me where everyone's like Logan is
the greatest comic book movie ever made
because it is dark and it is deep and I
was like yeah that's fine that's fine
that's fine you know I'm not gonna say
it was the worst it's it's quite
possibly the best movie with Wolverine
in it you're in general not a huge fan
of the x-men films
I don't think they have aged well back
in the day you know cuz I read x-men and
so back in the day like that seems
someone's fleet oh wait you're not
playing that's good see someone's
flaming that boat get to that boat oh
wait you're not playing oh my god what
are we watching here just a floating
stick Tommy Jarvis Tommy Jarvis getting
out alone No
oh thank god you prick you incredible
prick this you guys see this is just a
floating stick this is some kind of is
this some kind of new glitchy exploit
this is why you you can be invisible
somebody's found a way to take the new
swimsuit DLC and glitch it in the way
that your character model just never
appears making you effectively is that
Matt I don't this is like pure
speculation on my part I'm assuming this
is just a pure visual glitch stay on the
stay on the floating twig okay we need
to see how this plays out okay I'm with
you and she the devs might need
recording of this okay
question for Jack when the heck are you
going to get on that plank Oh listen
it'll happen
they don't have obviously we had a
little fun with it the last I'm gonna
drop the blink out of all don't worry
you were going to tell us something
about the x-men back in the day oh thank
you interrupted I do and know I get
distracted very easily I was gonna say
so back in the day I'm a big x-men fan I
I read a lot of x-men comic books my
wife and I are big x-men fans this is
just a floating but but also people
there is a floating stick and I don't
know if wait wait let's can we get on to
her next thing we need to find someone
who's next to the floating stick to see
if we can see them you know alright
alright
the floating stick is over there
somewhere the place you don't see
someone interesting ok so I am a big
x-men fan read a lot of x-men books so
the first x-men movie came out and
remember this was in an era where comic
book movies weren't taken seriously you
know you had the yeah the Tim Burton
Batman movies you had Richard Donner
Superman
yeahit's oh yeah um hey x-men excellent
excellent excellent
and so like seeing the x-men on the big
screen it was awesome
back in the day of course you know I was
a kid then I was younger looking back at
the first x-men movie now I think it's
pretty bad even x2 which is an alright
movie did some things that have made it
aged poorly yeah after that you got x3
which is you know brett ratner movies
say no more then you have what did you
have after that oh it like x-men first
class I thought was alright not amazing
but then you got you have both Days of
Future past and apocalypse which I think
were hot hot garbage
hot hot garbage rich and so I don't
think they have yet to make the defining
x-men movie okay Logan is an is an
interesting officer like even even uh
the Wolverine you know was like okay
these are that was fine and Logan I
think is as close as they're going to
come but also Logan as a character isn't
that interesting by himself Jack and
firm for crazy yep here's the thing
about Logan Logan is your han solo of
the team he's the he's the the wild card
he's the shoot from the hip he's the
he's the guy who tries to break all the
rules and he doesn't necessarily make an
interesting protagonist the the reason
that I think the x-men works well as a
team is because you have all the
different you have all the different
people right what about Clint Eastwood
the dollars trilogy what about him good
bad the ugly it's basically you know
doesn't talk much badass sure he's a
Clint Eastwood in those movies
he's a Wolverine sure sure he's
basically Logan do they where there was
a Logan and you know what it's been a
while since I've seen any of those
movies and if I've seen them all at all
do they try to do anything with his
character or is he just a badass pretty
much just a badass but those movies
weren't really well right no no and you
know what you can make that work like
like look at Dredd right right there
right there's no character arc in dread
it's he just a badass home he learns to
overlook a minor rule violation exactly
right so what I'm what I'm saying is not
every film needs to have a character arc
but they tried to shoehorn in a
character arc into the Logan movie okay
which I don't believe works
Mad Max Mad Max his character arc and in
fury road kind of reconnects with a
humanity a bit sure sure yeah absolutely
that works that works
you said the good of their it worked
there I'm just I'm not strongly against
what you're saying I'm just counter
points
oh sure sure
well but in that situation in fury fury
road is actually a perfect example right
okay because Mad Max while he's the
protagonist is not necessarily the hero
of the film furiosa's okay furiosa gets
to be our moral center and Mad Max is
the wild card right and I think that's
what that's where Wolverine shines you
put him next to Cyclops you put him next
to a Boy Scout and they work fireplace
was right over there walk around the
table lame ass sorry
Brian Shaw max is the protagonist as the
story is told through his eyes he's not
the hero but he is the protagonist
they're two different things
protagonist just means you know the like
you can interchange protagonist and
point of view
logan almost always gets a female
sidekick that sure like you know if you
if you look at like you know your your
Jubilees or your storms or your who did
you have in the in the comics early on
reminder to put skills on the hippie
thank you thank you spurious machinery
may do that yeah venice machinery hi
guys what do we have two perks here shit
our perks are acting up I'll do the call
the cops perk we will do I think I meant
kid chance to Hawaii Jason since when
crouched you know I'm always a fan of
that and like free except great
great we did it the invisible stick perk
yeah a hippie with call the cops perk
question mark that's funny
did you do it no no I just liked that
perk I just think it's a really good
perk if the cops come faster whatever
you call it that's right it's just a
really good perk and so uh I thought
it'd be funny
Mokey's says logan is great simply
because it's hugh jackman being logan
chopping people up that's all I needed
the bit of Hearts that the movie had was
was just a bonus you know it's I I wish
they would have gone full bore with that
like like i like i said you know dread
is a beautiful movie had this just been
old man Logan chopping people up and
getting the shit kicked out of him I
think I would have had a much better
time with it but they tried it I feel
that they tried to shoehorn in a
character arc which they failed out and
again the Logan I'm not saying is bad I
hope you were chasing I might be dizzy
it's possible no nope happy happy
there aren't that many people here
though Logan's Run is better than Logan
I can't speak for that not having seen
Logan yet Logan well you busy no can't
sleep Logan oh my god why haven't you
said look I don't like the x-men Logan's
Run is a fine film Logan's Run is a
great film absolutely I'll be with you
there there those are two movies that
you can't compare though that's apples
and oranges as far as I'm concerned
how do Logan's remake where Logan's Run
remake turn out cuz they make it great
or would it just be shit oh that you
know what there's there's room there's
room to improve on Logan's Run I think
yep yeah there there is room to improve
but would they just turn it and just
some kind of spectacle shit he's in here
man you want the doughy nose huh he
knows you locked the door no one's in
here man is he good enough the
protagonist is the hero and not
necessarily the point-of-view character
you can't have an anti point-of-view
character
you can't the antagonist furiosa's its
agonist and fury road immortal immortan
joe is the anti hero you say hero who's
the who's the protagonist in American
Psycho huh
it's been a movie about it like a killer
yeah you know
and I still I'm not agreeing that that
max isn't the protagonist of fury road I
I would be willing to say he like shares
the protagonist spotlight the Furioso
huh
but I wouldn't call Mad Max a fucking
sidon character in that know his beef
with the villain might not be as
personal as furiosa's I don't know I
don't I don't think that you necessarily
it needs to be right
who is the protagonist and Star Trek
discovery that's an excellent question I
still haven't seen episodes three and
four oh yeah
it's hard to bring myself to care ah
shit he thought yeah
it works it worked at the last house I
wanted to give it a try again Max is a
he has a character arc he's in a good
chunk of film uh-huh it does a lot of
things that we want what the fuck do you
want okay hold on
saves everybody's life now your your
tummy on time without max everyone would
have starved in the fucking dried-up
ocean bed which makes no sense
who's the protagonist of Big Trouble in
Little China is it Jack Burton or is it
Wang Qi CIA
I'd say that's a similar scenario to
fury road yeah yeah the the personal
stinks the the real beef this is all
with Wang because it's his it's his
fiancee is the one who was kidnapped and
and Jack Burton is kind of along for the
ride uh-huh but that movie is definitely
you you need Jack Burton for that movie
to work the movie is built around that
character and and the way I have always
understood what a protagonist is is
whose point of view the movie is being
told from it's very possible and you
know I'm looking up the definition right
now but then I was Tommy Jarvis so I had
to stop looking up the like the
dictionary definition of protagonist but
that's how I've always understood the
phrase is the the person whose point of
view the movie is from
not necessarily the hero but you know
the person who we see the movie through
it there is no rule that there can only
be one protagonist Wow there you go them
yeah I'll agree to that something that
then you can do who is the protagonist
in ghostbusters right right don't worry
obviously it's totally the group I know
I know I know
no what we survived so we did it yeah
the the definition of protagonist is is
pretty grey the leading character so
that's that doesn't really help oh shit
I closed we don't need to close it that
doesn't really help Ari
like I said I've always understood the
protagonist as the person who whose
point of view the movie is from doesn't
necessarily have to be the hero and if
we just say that there can be multiple
protagonists we're leaving this group
it's fine and you know what it's all
fine so but in any case thanks next next
next next comment tip or whatever let's
do it what do we got
let's do it um the blue prism says
thanks for singing signing thanks for
signing myspace Cobb blue right you guys
Rock well you're welcome anytime we do
that any anything you want us to sign
will sign just you know as long as it's
clean we both rock and sign things it's
true that's a very true thing about us
and our rocket ood my mousse is Lou says
here's two dollars for an emote or
anything else your choice thank you
thank you so now we can afford the emote
pact rich if we were met if we want to
thank you that's the thing I would not I
am I am out of this game I don't know I
don't know that I'm gonna pick this back
up just cuz they added a map but a
couple of characters right I'm
back into XCOM to know and that a lot
got a legend on the real brain and i got
to play the other thing got to play the
other thing i want i want to do that by
the end of the week
yep so have I seen mine hunter yet no I
have not jave vt4 mind hunter this was
like other other than this stream yeah
tonight it might be just a waste just
two bucks for in any boat well and I
don't want to buy it on principle
because I agree with you that those
emotes are though oh sorry finish those
emotes are will help you in a gameplay
sense somebody's saying that might be
the basic ones though without lets you
know once we get it right I'm gonna give
it a try nice right and you know Mike
could be good for the stream though just
to run around as a hot lady in a bikini
is that is that against twitches Terms
of Service I mean can we get shut down
for that well well completely ruin our
Friday the 13th atmosphere to run around
as a hot lady in a bikini I know I know
there are hot ladies in the Friday the
13th movies to take their clothes off
but they don't run around in swimsuits
the whole movie
can you that's that's getting into like
bikini car wash territory get me out of
here how are you why I'm in here alright
I'm not Jason
I actually only needed someone okay yeah
there are months okay okay so there are
basic emotes what the hell do they add
then just the dumbest crap was at the
phone box yeah it's a phone box you
write shit yeah oh wait is it is it
inside no no no it could be anywhere any
of these houses don't don't unsearched
this one yeah okay yeah yeah sorry okay
it's fucking hippie so turned out of his
mind he can't close the door right hey
man it was like weird but then like I
was outside man it's like who's the real
door here man you're closing me out what
the fuck oh come as an interesting
starting location come on Friday the
13th let's see here Huxley mark Huxley
mark who says hello I just re-watched
the Lord of the Rings trilogy and I have
to say it really is a well-crafted movie
and I think it's an ageless movie for
future generations to enjoy because I
don't think you can remake it
which one the Lord of the Rings trilogy
wait you just wait till Hollywood wants
is a little oh yeah
you just wait that made a lot of money
has been spent 25 years
are you kidding it's been 10 years make
it again fucking make it again give
Peter Jackson more money he'll do
anything for money he made three fucking
Hobbit movies the dark and gritty remake
exactly we'll see it we'll see it again
but I I also I like those movies I think
they're fine to find movies to find nice
nice movies fine fine and nice nice nice
nice fine fine Lord of the Rings
PACA neck Pecha neck lodge
bucum the possible Jason everybody's
playing this card for right now I know
I'm just putting it out there
Oh see look off to you the heat alert
our this proportion seemed weird
did they just slap that one together as
quickly as they could
hey the last time I saw any Friday the
13th movies was last year for her for
Jays birthday so I can I just cannot
tell you if anyone looks off any film or
film series even Hollywood isn't
wouldn't dead degenerate
oh isn't to degenerate to remake know if
they if they think they can make money
this Citizen Kane oh you know so you
know that's been talked about so many
times
he's busy he's busy killing people i I
don't disapprove Oh nope yep trapped
that's alright hold it drop it there and
move on well he's busy killing people
I thought ben-hur would be off-limits
here alright ben-hur lots of spectacle
and ben-hur yeah you have to find
something that's not it doesn't have the
the flash the spectacle the the big set
pieces sure sure I think that would not
be a special-effects masterpiece just
something that's simple yet also classic
Citizen Kane right right the classic the
classic to end all classics Citizen Kane
would someone be dumb enough to try to
remake that absolutely like cuz you hear
it I can imagine executives saying
imagine though the bent hair the charity
team but with CGI and no but you know
like they fuckin remade psycho do you
remember that yeah they did a
shot-for-shot remake of psycho it was it
basically shot-for-shot it was I want to
say it wasn't it exactly shot for shot
except for they like updated some of the
things like like instead of alluding
that Norman Bates masturbated while
watching women shower like they showed
him Hester baiting you know they just
got rid of all the subtlety and subtext
alright I have it there you have it the
one they won't remake yeah largely
because they just wouldn't bother it's a
wonderful life
they'll remake it don't remake it of
course he'll remake it and it'll it'll
it'll they'll turn it into more of a
comedy they'll remake that one with Adam
Sandler yes because you can say now can
oh I'm so sad I'm gonna jump off this
bridge AHA good a jump off the bridge
it'll be Adam Sandler and all his dopey
friends Kevin James will be the angel
right yeah yeah yep yep no he'll be
he'll be the the fat uncle that lost the
money no that's like fucking Rob
Schneider who's the angel then if it's
not a Towers Norm Macdonald say you're
gonna jump up that bridge you see yeah I
mean I guess if he wants you to go ahead
or whatever you can come with me I don't
know I'm actually now that we've like
said this I'm really surprised they have
not already remade It's a Wonderful Life
oh hello Jason's cabin here's what I'm
gonna do I'm gonna fuck with Jason okay
I'm gonna go into his cabin cuz he gets
an alert now right yeah
hey but he's uh he's out there fighting
those other people so he just got an
alert
they will never remake Blazing Saddles
woo now see none not only is that a
classic but it's it's full of words that
people wouldn't say anymore no they
would change it yeah they would it would
it would be something else that would be
Muslim all right
or woman
that'd be the feminist Blazing Saddles
sheriff's a woman nice there you go
it'll still be a black girl though but
they'll just say woman because they
won't say the n-word right
Mel Brooks movies are untouchable unless
Brooks does it himself
you say that until they do it they do
have an awfully strong Mel Brooks voice
to them that would be hard to replicate
yeah
they did remake the producers yeah but
I'm pretty sure Mel Brooks was the
producer on that right
does it count if you remake your own
movie ah good question George Romero
will remain Night of the Living Dead oh
yeah
surprised there was no gremlins remake
it'll happen sooner or later that's in
the rain of inevitability I got you I
got you man he's got a battery now well
we got to fight him
fix the battery fix the battery don't
don't don't charge them with Li tries to
do something the guy doing the battery
then you get a now now doubt I'll fix
the fucking battery fix the fucking
battery why haven't you fixed the
fucking car yet do you have the keys
shit you don't have it yes I don't know
the keys you dingus you fucking dingus
god damn it maybe the lady had the keys
thank you nope you're fine yep
yep I'm fuck yeah fuck yeah well if some
fucking dingleberry would have fixed the
battery in the first place ah I see why
they call that the Jarvis now that's up
Jason got killed in the fourth movie
Shane to the side of the head fall down
on it
gotcha oh no just two left just 2x2 if
she didn't have pockets you Dingle you
dingleberry that's what I said he was a
dingleberry someone might have dropped
the keys next to the car but I couldn't
find him in time well you're gonna have
me hit T and say do you have the keys I
was I wasn't thinkin I was in the moment
rich I was in the fucking moment I know
like jerk couldn't fuckin man like he
was right there I don't know if it like
he probably has a shitty repair step no
oh that's easy
well then he's just an asshole there's a
couple characters that have a better
repair stat but he's near the tokay all
right well then then he's just an
asshole
alright great are all the maps rainy now
random I think it's somewhat random cuz
we've played we played twice before the
stream yeah did where we're trying to
get our audio right and we had a map
without rain
yeah nice that's a good one
great I think the only person left is a
glitchy tonnage service what Hollywood
dare remake The Godfather
didn't think just remake Scarface wasn't
it wasn't Scarface a remake of something
whoa whoa of course the roommates happen
they're not necessarily bad right right
no you know and remember the point is do
they think they can make money off of
something then they will absolutely
remake it they will find a director to
do it they will make money out of it you
know you know a question that we get
asked a lot that I have a decent answer
for now which is you know like what
movie needs to be remade yeah over the
weekend on the actual Friday the 13th
this last Friday
me and Josh and Jay went to go see
Suspiria in the in the movie theater the
4k I'll bet ya there's an achievement
for that oh sure how do how do you like
it
nice am i right nice is is Jason killing
Tommy Jarvis in the same way that Tommy
Jarvis kills Jason in the movie at
achievement I hope so because that'd be
fine is it called how do you like it in
any case we went to see a Suspiria yeah
yeah and you know this fear is this
classic Italian horror movie with
amazing visuals the the set decoration
alone rich you could write novels about
it was gorgeous okay
like interesting rooms and like bold
amazing colors it was glorious to look
at and this was that like special 4k
restoration that a lot of theaters are
showing so it was great the the only
problem was like the story
really
wasn't that much and this bold set
decoration actually had very little to
do with the horror elements like he
would think that it meant to something
like oh this room is all blue it means
something but now it just looks so it's
just like Blade Runner yeah I would
argue that a lot of blade runner's
visuals are deeply into the theme but no
all right great
oh wait wait no I don't want to random
shit I want Jarvis says it's cuz I get
to choose yeah okay so I could see
giving Suspiria to a director who is
like really into the arty-farty bullshit
and tying these beautiful visuals into
the horror elements and you could make a
really great movie out of Suspiria cuz
as it turns out it's just this really
pretty movie to look at that doesn't
quite hit the mark on the story wise you
know okay so but uh it was great to see
in the theater but I could see that
being a superb remake superb
some of the chat wants to know when
we're gonna have our if they've missed
our Blade Runner discussion we're just
about to start I haven't seen it I also
haven't seen it I'm probably not gonna
bother watching it until it's I can
watch it at home and and unfortunately
just with my life right now I just won't
probably get out to the theaters you
know I've got a lot of stuff going on so
when it comes to VOD we'll see it and
have a deep conversation with it but
sorry I'm so sorry
and I did see in the chat yes I did see
the trailer for the New Mutants rich you
probably haven't because I know you're
not a big horror person and you don't
care about the x-men so this is a double
whammy this is a double whammy for you
but it's a it's a based off of the the
New Mutants or like a x-force I think it
was the comic was called for a while I'm
gonna turn it to a hormone how do you
turn that into a horror movie
well it's you know I saw it and it's
basically it sound it sounds like
they're doing to do a lot like what they
did with Legion where it's people with
mental abilities and you're not quite
sure if they're crazy or manifesting
powers okay
one of the in fact I want to say the
lead the leads power I forget her mutant
name at the moment but her power is to
make people see things yeah that's what
her mutant power is who you know who
else is in it is magic oh let me guess
something here okay
have they put in a penalty for leaving
if you're not Jason Oh seen a lot of
idle people we are seeing a lot of vital
people and so they're just counting down
the timer it's better than them just
leaving yes yeah so in any case magic is
also in it and if you know anything
about the comics magic is Colossus
little sister and she has the ability to
want to use magic and to the ability to
teleport by going to
the demon realm okay and so I think
that's where a lot of the horror
elements are gonna come but the actress
who who is magic is that wonderful
actrix ash actress from the vova CH and
split I forget her name Anya is that her
name anya-chan but she's a great actress
and so I'm looking forward to it ish it
looks like they're gonna do a lot of
stuff that Legion already did though and
so I wonder if it's gonna be played out
by the time it comes to theatres Jax
you're playing start to valley right now
correct I am I'm currently I mean not at
this exact second but it did bring the
switch if you want to switch I'm sorry
I'm not reading your name but our chat
Scrolls fairly fast and I don't see your
name anymore yeah somebody in the chat
yes just start playing started oh okay
they won't know what is a good way to
make money early game spring in summer
for spring and summer my opinion before
you get into it yo-yo you might not like
it a good way to make extra money
outside of just being good with your
craps and selling craps is fishing
fishings now fish is a good fishings a
good source of extra income it is and
you know it's it's a pain in the ass
right away but head to those mines and
start to start getting those a start
start getting all the geodes and all of
those crystals because you can like
those geodes have a lot of good stuff to
sell on them
the crystals sell for a lot of money and
you can use them for gifts really easily
too so yeah fishing and going to the
mines is a great way to spend your time
or and really just get your crops going
get some of those crops growing you got
to spend money to make money I'm always
reluctant to sell stuff I find in the
mines because I know it's like something
I'm going to need at some point well I
always keep one of everything why I know
I forgot what it was it's like like the
earth crystal yeah I was selling them
like the first time I played then I
there was some kind of crafting recipe
where I needed them yeah something I
really wanted craft yeah but see I
forgot what I was with but that's that's
super moot because by the time you
actually want to build anything you've
probably all
so built up your character enough where
you can just go on a mine run really
easily yeah but I I say I hate going on
mine runs period Oh mines my least
favorite part of the game oh yeah yeah
was that the phone yeah I think so but
you're still character just hide okay
get out there
no that's the fake out music yeah I
think so I think you're good oh wait
the mining and started the forcing
combat on me it's not that's not what
I'm there for
yeah but it's early game it is a decent
way to make money okay and you can sell
all that shit you'll need some of it
later but then you can go back to it
fairly easy but you know like rich said
fishing too and even with fishing you
can um you can you know you're the
plenty of treasure chests well we have
started to co-op when that arrives to
the game no that's not what I want out
of my harvest moon no yeah stardew
valley whatever yeah that's the games
about that's not what the games about my
coffee farm is uh is coming along really
and I say I got the greenhouse oh yeah
I'd rather have two pocket knives like a
lot of couples my play I'm starting a
co-op fight on the current has the
interesting started sure but I hope they
let the co-op players get married
wouldn't that be terrible cuz you know
you know the girlfriend is gonna want
that of course a fucking course
so I got my greenhouse which I'm really
excited about I also discovered what is
the most a useless upgrade in all of
stardew valley which is removing the
boulder from the river so you can mine
or so you can Panhandle you can
Panhandle
that's so useless I've been able to pan
two times and it gives me like a geode
yeah oh yeah panhandling is a big
letdown yeah like I I removed that
Boulder thinking that it was oh shit you
got a lot of shit Doug
and in a way what do you drop for that
you dropped a pocketknife for that I
think what you have to pack a nice and a
health spray yeah I he has the gas I'm
trying to pick up the gas you pick up
thrown things on there I mean you know
standing closer I understand it that's
how I just did want you to leave behind
that pocketknife I appreciate it's a
great thing to have no and in fact I
somehow got the health spray again and I
want to go back for the pocketknife
you should you you really should yeah I
know I should but that's okay cuz I can
Jason seems to be busy with other people
all right what is that that's a gun
flare gun oh yeah look at all those hell
sprays yeah we got it we got we still
got like attack I already got map
someone's by the car what are you
putting in the car
Jude Jude you mean hit see sure car has
gas weight hit T again there are a
million health sprays in the cabin right
by the car
oh shit shit yeah shit yeah
T yeah I have the fuse I'm gonna go I'm
gonna go fix it you know where it is
yeah that is in the next house over it's
in that house right there
watch for traps oh there it is there it
is there it is I have pocket knives you
just won't keep an eye out don't you
know when I step in make sure they know
you have the phone / out whatever is
good is good this is good this is good
what they're there all by the phone
you're running away oh well I want to
get I want to get my pocket knife again
take another health spray all right
great I got to get out of here
if it's been a while since I've played
this game I I'm not saying I'm not gonna
play it tonight I'll probably end up
playing at some point but I'm gonna play
like crap because it's been so long
so nope yeah no she she broke free use
your pocket knife yes that's all right
Oh easy that yeah he's coming right
towards you I see that huh yep noise
okay running running running hi remember
me I gave you that pocket knife fuck
trade
jump in the window Oh or don't it's fine
everything's fine everything's fine
everything's fine everything's fine he
can't get me he can't get me to him
that's okay that's okay I got this by e
dick I got it got it got make up
why are you recovering stamina fuck fuck
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck he
doesn't see me up there does the others
there is ok I need a weapon need a
weapon weapon would be nice
he's gonna go through the house yeah
this game is better than it has to be
right right oh oh shit
damn girl uh are you sure you don't want
to buy the swimsuit deal seems just for
the stream do that damn girl
Hey now let's get the first look at by
the way like I've done that walkie
talkie looks hanging off of her bikini
and their flashlights yeah that's great
we're following you alright let's see
here where are we five thirty skeptics
has a case for both of you to reconsider
pub G Jack the next map will be an urban
jungle that will force the cat-and-mouse
game play you enjoy rich you can play
matches that disabled third-person
camera okay okay
I am let's see here
Darth whose eye says hello fellows are
you going to group up with chat tonight
love Darth oz p i am i steai okay Steve
name yeah so are we gonna group up a
chat tonight maybe weird right now we're
just kind of you know from farting
around we'll see what happens
move the camera behind her please oh
shit girl move it move it Oh LM worth it
it's like a rap video ready it's a rap
video boom booty snap big enough I know
damn girl you need some meat on our
bones now dance now dance and it'll be
like it I hope he show I hope he shifts
through the Firecracker signature from
pop ooh
give it I get the money that's great her
milkshake sure does bring all the boys
to the yard and they're like it's better
than yours
great damn what has happened to this
game because it got calm good
it got hard conga then that's a
reference to when Team Fortress 2 added
the conga line and kind of everyone was
coming instead of playing the game they
try that they're trying to add cute
things let's see here um trode no three
one one says I've gotten my girlfriend
into most things rlm but she does not
know why I keep reading it keep reading
and I I have an idea
okay it's a horrible idea do it say it
let's go alright if we plays Jason if we
see it Tiffany in a bikini
yeah just we're gonna stop and we're
gonna say if you want to live dance and
just stand up okay how about this wrench
let's not be sexist anyone in a swimsuit
anyone in this room soon cuz if I said
Chad in his banana hammock I'm gonna say
dance
Chad Chad shake it okay Joe two no three
one one says I've got oh wait oh wait
shit it's me again Harvey Weinstein
this has gone from Friday the 13th to
psycho from Texas ha ha ha perfect I'm
down right ho Jeeves I'm down this is
right oh geez okay so at Road nose has
I've got my girlfriend in the most
things our line but she does not like
the plinker reviews and will not watch
them right rich to her you are the one
and only mr. Clinton thank you that's
fair I think it's a weird comment but I
have seen that before pal Jason Yap nice
I have seen it before that people don't
like the skits they don't like the
character of mr. penguin personally I
think that's what makes it interesting
yeah but uh yeah I can understand why
you wouldn't like it isn't it's just not
for everybody and that's okay
right that upset at somebody if they
don't like it you know I think that was
more of a compliment to you rich you are
the one true blanket
too many rich you are the one the only
maybe door signs the fucking house and I
know locking those doors means almost
nothing like Jason goes through in like
Pepa a little bathroom they don't like
the monotone voice I don't I don't I
don't necessarily agree that it's
monotone that can be droning at times
but he plug-in emotes ya know and I'm
like you know there so you're talking
about that's not that's not my mom tell
me what are you talking about yeah what
are you talking about but it is a bit
Ronin yep and there's so much there's so
many dry movie reviews out there
nowadays just just you know like yeah
this is why I don't like it is is is
this guy doesn't do it and this is the
thing so you know I like the fact that
it has a little personality to it mm-hmm
if you don't like the personality oh
yeah yeah we understandable but there's
just some pretty good impression
hi and pocket I've people might not like
the whole kidnapping murder part of
Plunkett let's it's just dark humor yeah
you have noticed Satar LM most of us
have pretty dark sense of humor aids 911
sometimes sometimes that's what we find
funny sometimes that's what the joke
calls for
he's killing someone over there
yes Lincoln's character is 100%
reprehensible and we're not trying to
say that's a good thing
oh no my my main point was just that it
is a character and you know there could
then there can be like meta commentary I
think one of the one of my favorite shit
how did you get over here because you
can teleport
Wow Manas that didn't work at all
that just did not work at all people
with that skin are either idiots who
paid like three hundred dollars on eBay
to get the code from someone else
yeah or they've been playing the game
since the beta and they're all really
fuckin good yeah that's true you know
what that's true
I was speaking I was sneaking platonic
s-- okay we know who we're watching
again
why does Jack play this game like he's
playing for the first time eternally cuz
I don't play the game that often anymore
I just you know I played I played for
for many many hours what why we were
setting up for the review but I just
don't play that often anymore I don't
have the mad strats that I once had
so I'm washing - how your coffee
problems going my coffee farm is coming
uh coming around nicely I hit a major
snag in my coffee farm Wow
fall well I'm I'm in winter but I did
get my greenhouse yeah got the
greenhouse and so far that doesn't sound
like a snag at all no and and actually
so I purchased a beam from the
travelling salesman finally had a beam
to purchase yeah and so then it's
exponential growth one plant yields you
three to five coffee beans yeah and so
then you know it's Friday this first one
I got four so that plants it for now
exponential so now like I'm getting
there my greenhouse almost has one
entire row of nothing but coffee beans
yeah my problem is I forgot to look up
what the recipe was for the kegs uh
because you need a keg in order to brew
coffee like it's it's a coffee farm but
I also want a brew coffee right right
and in order to get the kegs you need
pine resin so you need tappers on pine
trees yeah apparently I have been only
chopping down pine trees only pine trees
not on purpose
like I just I could not find a pine tree
to save my life and so right now I have
only three tappers and all of them are
incredibly far away from my house like
one's down by the sewer there there's
one up by them via Robins house and so
it's like all my pine trees are asked
far away and I've only yielded one pine
resin so I only have one keg going right
now there is good news for you yeah
trees outside of your farm yeah grow
faster okay so that's I don't think you
need to plant them they just
automatically come back yeah yeah yeah
so you can't run out of trees oh yeah so
those pine trees will come back and
they'll come back faster than if you
plant pine cones on your farm right
right but you're not gonna be able
you're not gonna it's gonna be well if
we have pine trees on your farm that you
can adjust why right out the door there
you go well and then and then it's gonna
be a while just before they start
yielding resin yeah like end which is a
key in green
for my kegs and so but but you know what
I also have time because I'm still in
the process of planting I don't need the
kegs yet have you been saving the seeds
no I'm just planting I mean that the
pine seeds the pinecones as you've been
cutting down these pine trees oh yeah I
have a million pine cones
you should start now just make section
of your farm sure I'm just I'm just pine
trees like like like first thing you do
you want to see a game as soon as
possible you get like thirty of them
sure and just fucking tap her on
everyone and you'll catch up quick
that's not a bad idea
like that should take about a month to
grow I think mmm okay so you'll be in
spring has anyone else caught you eating
out of their garbage of the mayor caught
me once looking at his garbage you
talking about the Sun stream who else
caught you eating out of the garbage
penny caught me eating out of the
garbage your wife my wife here's my
update here's my update to that because
first of all in the game in stardew
valley you can route through people's
garbage cans and sometimes find good
things especially if you route through
the garbage can outside the bar you can
find whole meals who can find recipes
the girls hot meals meals yeah you eat
these you give them to someone else you
can give them if you if you dig in the
trash outside of the museum and Clinton
find geodes you can find you can find
shit right penny caught me digging
through the garbage and when they catch
you they don't like it they get mad at
you yeah yeah cuz obviously you're
digging through the garbage and this was
after I made her this is like the day
after our wedding day and she was
walking to the museum to teach the kids
and I was digging in the garbage here's
the update update to that ah as my wife
now she is now full hearts and so she
gave me the special like star prize for
being right right right and so she's
over it because her heart kept strong I
think she realizes that that's what puts
the money on the table you know she
knows she knows where we're
bread gets buttered and that and that's
me that's me farmer that's me in the
mines and sometimes it's digging through
people's garbage fun but so yeah it's
like work we're all fine we're at we're
at maximum heart level she's now helping
out around the farm which is awesome you
know feeding my chickens
I do have chickens which is a pretty
good income and I have a couple
dinosaurs I'm gonna I'm gonna diversify
a little bit I'm gonna I'm gonna grow a
void chicken okay just because I know
that like void mayonnaise sells decently
and that's a good present for the the
sewer salesman okay it really likes void
mayonnaise so are you worried about oh
about befriending people alone cuz you
just want that you just might your
coffee
I just want we come from now I'm to that
point where things are coming closer
it's like you have friend people okay
like I'm a little interested in Emily's
story because I got the to heart
friendship cutscene which was me
invading her dream yeah which is weird
as fuck so now I just want like I'm just
curious as to what else what other weird
shit Emily's gonna do she's a weirdo
she's a weird she's a real weirdo yeah
I'm just I'm just gonna warn you up
front she's a weirdo
game is poor frozen sure is hope this is
just close it and start it yep game is
sure frozen
you gotta get alts you got a
control-alt-delete me dog new butts were
too hot for twitch apparently and tasks
thank you what is your opinion of fake
cheese Velveeta and nacho goo Wiz
government cheese government cheese I'm
not familiar with that one in general
yeah but no like Velveeta not really no
no yeah it wouldn't be my it wouldn't be
my tops it wouldn't be the tops on my
list but like I got no I got no beef
with Velveeta like cheese fries but I
don't think that is specifically cheese
whiz on them you know what they you
she's fries is not cheese that's cheese
sauce that's like a Velveeta that's like
a looks like a faux cheese net and that
circumstance on fries okay I love that
all right I could be with you that bud I
could be with you there
otherwise in general Velveeta you know
what I think that's fair I think it's
totally fair government cheese is what
you had in your recent burger video I
don't I don't I've never heard this term
before I don't I don't think government
cheese is a real thing I'll be honest
with you guys I don't think the
government makes its own cheese if
that's the implication could just be a
name you you might be talking about like
very cheap cheese which craft is awful
Kraft slices Kraft singles those are the
worst
yeah those have no flavor to them just
like oil just oil yeah yeah which by the
way sometimes I'm okay with everyone
ever once in a blue moon just take it
take a slice
put it on my tongue never but a bubble
never yeah yeah oh yeah yeah oh no mute
hey how easy it is to mute people
anyway oh you know actually you know
what I just unlocked it because now also
now in stardew valley I am making a good
amount of money every single day I'm
like Mike yeah my chickens are
performing well I got my greenhouse I
have other stuff in the greenhouse for
now eventually my greenhouse will be
nothing yeah but I got a pretty good
system going and so I just unlocked the
bridge so I could get to the quarry
fucking hell man I should have done that
the first thing that quarry is great
it's good at first though it regenerates
relatively slowly I thought it
regenerated every day the whole thing on
it you get a smattering of them every
day oh they never mind yeah yeah it's
not as exciting as you would think I was
I was really excited I was like if this
is every day and I don't need to like go
down ten layers in the mines that would
be awesome
only a few rocks a day oh yeah let's do
bad well
well say the coffee farmers coming
coming along really nicely
I'm only you know like as far as the
other stuff that I'm trying to do now
that coffee farm is kind of on autopilot
that girl is uh don't mind me just
hippie Joe I'm trying to get all the
dwarf Scrolls so I can talk to that
dwarf you didn't do that for literally
on high key because you have to find
them randomly yeah and so I've only
found three okay and so like I've been
spending a lot of time in the mines just
coming to find some spawn specific
levels oh is that it that's probably why
you're having trouble maybe maybe you
got feel like the early sections so
quick getting get the one look into
which one you're missing and what levels
it turns up on I like that I like that
thought so yeah like I want to do that I
want to start I just want kegs this the
only thing I want because like I've also
I grew hops one time and I have like 20
ancient fruits and I know like if I can
turn that into ancient fruit wine that
will yield relax relax
you don't open the door close it behind
you don't walk it hide in the closet
you're a high stealth character with
high composure that that rooms not even
gonna light up if you're in here make
sure you just close the door make sure
it looks like nobody's even been in this
house don't have your light on you don't
want them to see that oh he's gone
already
yeah ever just want to put down his
traps by the car and get out of there
sure oh there's a closet I got oh oh
yeah this is the one with all the beds
yeah alright yeah Jason sees that locked
door yeah someone's in there it's good
shred yeah ah so yeah for me like it's
just all about the keg so the only thing
that's important to me at the moment is
that pine resin because I have a bunch
of really high-quality fruit that I can
make wine out of I have a bunch of hops
that I can make beer out of and of
course for coffee yeah so my my only
goal currently is is pine resin for four
kegs which does not come quickly that is
not something that you can just make
happen alright alright Shep the hippie
has high composure which I I know this
might sound strange is better stealth
than having a high stealth step I I
could be wrong
but I'm pretty sure the height the
stealth step yeah that's noise when you
move that's little circles Jason sees
okay I believe the composure is showing
up in the red vision which is how Jason
is really gonna locate your ass yeah
so if you're just in a house with your
high composure and you're hiding you're
probably not going to show up if he goes
into Jason vision area yeah that's fine
everything's fine we got it we got it
taken care of
he needs to say man more yep oh that's
nice Oh what's the status of the car
nothing nothing nothing people are
useless right no no miss something else
by the car is here to go up to them junk
under her bed
just bringing them right to you
that's my battery that's fine once she
dies well we'll know where to get the
battery
or oh yeah he killed the generator you
might have made noise when he destroyed
that generator sure
this is tents no no you're fucked you're
fucked it yep damn it
I think the generator gave you away damn
it
oh I see jack versus rich in this game
it's happened once or twice oh sure
back when back when we were you were
like doing this you were just got in the
game we played it like a couple times in
stream you finally bought it for
yourself yeah you oh I was playing with
you randomly right you happened to be
Jason I was your only killed oh I like
that swimsuit the lifeguard yeah yeah
that's great that's great
look at this this is like this is foxy
boxing here just just ladies and
swimsuits fightin Jason it's all there
oh oh and they don't know the keys are
on my body under the bed yeah they might
have another set of keys but they're not
getting in that car no that's great
that's great where are we dr. Harry Lime
says Suspiria what already has been
remade or did you miss the disco climax
in London Kevin since keys angel of
reckoning Suspiria has already been
remade who sang when Kevin sees okay
well then I go I don't remember the
disco part an angel of reckoning I'll be
honest with you the movie was awesome
we watched that a while ago we watched
that a while ago
cinnamon and chad is saying Suspiria
remake is coming out in 2018 is that
true well that's great news writing oh
oh come on that was great
what do we know about ions of you
oh wow
Suspiria 2018 here we go with Tilda
Swinton
and Chloe grace Moretz oh yeah
and Dakota Johnson who's directing this
Lucia glad Dini knew what have you done
what have you done you have done nothing
that I've heard of okay all right you
know what's got Tilda Swinton in it I'm
okay I'm okay with that
I like Tilda Swinton Tioga sweet on his
big head chasin the cheapest thing in
the world
but he ate traps here's what bag head
Jason is he's beginners Jason okay what
they should really do is force everyone
to start as Baghead Jason just to make
them feel good about themselves but then
lock him out as you get more experienced
cuz yeah he's pretty cheap but as of
beginners Jason I think he's a phase of
fine Jason good look I've escaped from
Baghead Jason plenty of times I'm just
saying that that that the the sh metric
fuck ton of traps he gets Wow
yeah that feels cheap it's a lot it is o
on let's see here anonymous says Jack
Halloween is right around the corner
what are you and your kids going as and
is the Halloween trick-or-treating seen
any good in your neighborhood thanks for
the good streams this year I am going as
a fancy ghost what happened to the
Friday the 13th group I think it got
down it got vetoed Lisa veto at least so
the kids were good the kids were into it
they were kind of into it they were kind
of half-ass into it though like they
weren't fully because we have I haven't
been playing don't see it on the TV so
like I was pulling hard for it but like
Lisa I was like and then the kids good
am so we're gonna we're going as fancy
ghosts
classic white sheet ghosts but I'm gonna
have like a top hat and a monocle we're
gonna get it Lisa we got like a blonde
wig to go over the white sheet ghosts
and some like big fake pearl necklaces
like for the kids they're just gonna be
like regular ghosts with them like with
a baseball hat and stuff like a family
of ghosts with with props well I know
it's not so unexcited that's fun I'm so
underwhelmed compared to your early
plans for Jason's that would have been
great I mean that myself it's not
fucking awesome it would have been great
I guess yeah what grade I guess it would
have been great the only I mean dude
they I couldn't pull everyone in so
we're going as fancy ghosts instead and
you know what alone a fancy ghost might
not be a good costume but when you have
a whole family of fancy goes it's that
easy
great nope why don't we just all right
we can't talk to half the group well
I'll mute him before it starts all right
Larry
it'll be great
it'll be it'll be super fun so like
today I I went out and got my top hat
and I found a pair of Santa Claus
glasses that I can snip into a neat
looking monocle rich sounds so
unimpressed that you should ask his idea
look I'm just giving Jack a hard time oh
yeah about the Friday the 13th costume
because that would have been great yeah
by Friday 13th costume would have been
fucking great was the ghost box thing
that I mentioned on Twitter I can kill
them no the ghost box is a collection of
short fifty stories it's actually a
really neat thing yeah it's a real oh
fuck them by the big house
well shit shirt shirt stories it's a
collection of short stories that have
been curated by Patton Oswalt okay and
so you get this box and it has eleven
tiny books in it and they do one for
Christmas as well they do a short story
advent calendar uh-huh and so you know
one for every day leading up to
Christmas and you're supposed to read a
short story every day and that's the
idea and so they put together a smaller
one for Halloween of spooky stories and
it's a bunch of different authors that's
curated by Patton and its really great
like if you're into reading is just an
excuse to read some really fantastic
short stories they had it they had some
really really good ones - um oh I've
only read a few of them so far because
I'm trying to space it out but this
morning I was feeling a wee bit hungover
for some for some reason rich I can't
quite put my finger on that is I wonder
why that is -
I was most definitely hungover and it
was a gloomy Sunday morning and so just
like a big old cup of coffee and spooky
short stories was was honestly just a
great thing this morning but uh but look
into it I don't know if they if they're
selling the Ghost Box anymore but they
just announced the 2017 short story
advent calendar which I know yeah which
I got I got a couple of because I think
they're gonna make great Christmas gifts
yeah you aren't you wonder what I think
Jack what do you think I think your
ghost costume for Halloween
yeah well you're gonna wear with it I'm
a top hat and a monocle
all right instead yeah why don't you
wear ski mask on top of that just just
you know big fu to the rest of your
family you've got a ghost wearing a ski
mask carrying around a bloody butcher
knife
that's what I think yeah you guys are
great goes imma imma Jason ghosts
and then towards the guy okay great so
uh so yeah that's the that's what the
Ghost Box is like I can't give you any
hopefully someone has given you like all
of the good information on the Ghost Box
by now but I think it's really neat and
I've been enjoying reading some of the
stories about to get to a longer short
story that's written by george RR martin
that's supposed to be good the
pear-shaped man looking looking looking
rock rock fucking booking
okay Tommy has been radioed Chad I have
not seen the most recent Star Trek
Discovery episodes I'm I should I should
probably just cancel the CBS all access
meeting I'll get around I just can't I
can't muster up the proper amount of
care that bad huh
I know you're not into it just that that
pilot was just not Star Trek no and it
wasn't even great sci-fi right it's not
Star Trek generic war unlikable
characters drama generic war bland
villains what the fuck
never gimmick yeah
these were the shot well you know I was
hoping I was hoping he had better things
something something gave you away I
don't think so
yeah I mean I wasn't I don't know I
don't know what gave me one oh well
mr. I love the ants hiding and things
often does work I know like when I'm
Jason there are there's almost never
anyone hiding and things so I oftentimes
just forget to look under beds hiding in
things is a definite strategy it doesn't
work all the time obviously as you as
you're seeing tonight it's not working
all the time but which what do you think
of deep space 9 well deep space 9 also
kind of did Star Trek but with war only
you know it did it smart there's like
five years of diplomacy and worry before
anything ever actually happened in deep
space 9 sure the whole point of the show
was kind of like well Starfleet and the
whole peace thing what do they do when
they're facing this inevitable giant war
right right it was smart
Star Trek discovery was not smart oh we
did the thing we fight Federation now
ship I'm screaming contrada rich it was
like I was there you transported me
rich you've barely given it a chance
this is why I haven't cancelled CBS all
access yet the problem is I was so
unimpressed by what I saw I don't give
enough shit to go back and watch the
other episodes oh you said you've seen
two episodes I've seen two episodes okay
and I got nothing out of it blink
nope this is it last guy uh let's see
here oh shit where are we
true blue review says when I tune into a
prereq stream and the first thing I see
is a girl's ass in a bikini I know I'm
in for a good time
have there been any significant updates
to this game aside from the new outfits
well so yeah there's this new character
there's a new Jason and there's an
entirely new map having played the new
map here's what I can tell you it feels
exactly like the old map yeah like I
haven't played it enough to learn its
intricacies yet intricacies I'm still
drunk from yesterday intricacies thank
you but you know of course it's all the
same buildings just in a different
arrangement and so it's it hasn't it
doesn't feel especially new like the one
house is neat because it has three
levels to it Oh three storeys it's a
three storey yeah there's basement
there's a person a second so that was
kind of neat that is the wrong place to
run man
you should checked yourself in the
bathroom
I knew we had a plan he should have
locked the door though when it killed a
little bit more time well I think of
what it was plan was is hopeful maybe
Jason thought he went under a bed so if
you lock the door you know he's in the
bathroom you could shut the door no that
was plan is to die yeah oh wait
apparently it is he's not good yeah
that's out yeah come on and you're
fucked he knows it's over
let's see here a poly clown says evening
gents after watching you guys play this
game forever I finally gave it a shot on
Friday for the first time on my first
run I hopped into the four seater and
got out clean second run I was Jason by
the way that's a pretty good start but
you felt pretty damn good and Tomcat
2096 is rich did you ever get around to
seeing that Justice League trailer yeah
my roommate said he thought the visual
effects looked gorgeous to me it looked
like unfinished hot steamy amazing
spider-man chips everything looks
gorgeous what else you got
oh not like I thought visually like sure
like the graphics looked fine but I
think the art direction is still ass
like they're they're in a they're in a
pace cloud look look here's the problem
here's the problem with Justice League
yeah the Justice League a bunch of
characters who I don't care about are
gonna get into a big fight Avengers was
a bunch of characters I don't care about
getting into a big fight yeah that's the
fundamental difference I see what you're
going I see we're going with this yes
yeah there's a command I give a fuck
about Aquaman right right oh there's
this the flash I bore guys oh yeah this
is its again it's DC doing things very
backwards I mean do you remember the
last the last movie we saw Batman in he
was a dickhead for like 98% of the movie
oh if Marvel went straight to the
Avengers movie yeah maybe they just said
Captain America first one one movie I
would not have relieved character yeah
no I didn't care about Iron Man before a
Robert Downey jr. an Iron Man right that
movie made me care about that you know
and then you got the two solid movies
just to get into his character get
Captain America no one really cares
about Thor but you know I find this is
fine it's Thor
Marvel has just been so much smarter
about everything they have done
and they have had a much much better
understanding of their characters mm-hmm
and so what you're saying is
understanding your characters and
putting them in appropriate situations
is better for business I don't know
we'll see that's the thing like
unqualified Bart says I didn't see Hulk
or Thor still liked Avengers like it's
it's a different Hulk but like that
that's a great example where you come
into Avengers and Hulk was the only new
well you know I exposed Black Widow
Incredible Hulk I think this technically
still canon it is this there's not many
similarities right technically it's
supposed to be Ken yes but even even if
it's not canon then Hulk is your only
new character right yeah only one to
worry about everyone else you got a nice
backstory for except for maybe Hawkeye
because because Black Widow was an
Ironman too
so you kind of know what her schtick is
kinda the Stan Lee have any creative
control over these movie
Stan Lee hasn't had creative control
over jack shit in the last thirty years
Stan Lee has a job the Stan Lee's
official job is ambassador yeah that's
it this one I put down to Stan Lee
that's just saying he doesn't have much
control honey he hasn't for quite some
time right it is his job to be the face
of an entire industry yeah the superhero
industry he is the face and that's what
Marvel continues to this day to pay him
for her can you just be you and be a
good guy and show up in movies every now
not people who create comic books for
the most part until maybe recently have
not owned the things they created and
after they create them they don't see
any of the profits right or anything
that comes after that
I I started reading a history of comic
books and I was not not so much in
history of the characters or the history
of the creators it's the most depressing
thing I ever fucking read but this
person died penniless that person died
penniless this person created a
character they made somebody else have
fortune and saw nothing you know it was
the mote I had to stop reading it it was
so unimaginably depressing the that
Batman in bill documentary yeah the
Batman and Bill Finger the secret
history of the real creator of Batman
yeah and like they talk about like Bill
fingers dying days where he you know he
died in in a shitty apartment penniless
you know no one knew who he was his only
credit to Batman was a friend of a
friend of a friend got him to write half
of a script for the Adam West Batman TV
show that was it Stanley was fortunate
enough to also kind of be the editor yes
and he says just to say editorial and
letters he he he brought his voice to it
and he was able to make himself the
mascot of the company without that
Stanley probably also would have been
they got rid of him and he died
penniless yep yep
maybe he would have invested well and
everyone would be like oh yeah that guy
yeah yeah yeah yeah he got Vicky was
very fortunate made himself the mascot
of that cut from that company and it was
the smartest thing he ever did
well they you know they talked about
that and I want to say who is it who's
that guy that that did that that great
history of comics he has a web a web
series on the history of comics
someone's gonna say it
sf2 bris thank you SF de bris Oh bother
SF diverse is a great like history of
comics and they talk about that time
that they stopped paying Stanley like
Marvel wanted to save a few bucks yeah
and like why are we paying Stanley money
to be an ambassador no one cares about
Stanley anymore and they stopped in the
company absolutely tanked yeah cuz
nobody cared about it like Stanley
wasn't out doing press anymore he wasn't
going to conventions and people just
stopped caring about comics huh because
aunt well and they kind of knew who's
that they felt like they were wronging
the God right right right
and so then they immediately like please
please come back and say good thing
about Cathy Stepp de bris
I'm I'm mistaken he didn't know he
didn't own Marvel he was just the
editor-in-chief
debris
it looks like de bris
de Brie's damn hippie Jack what do you
think of ffs i the only thing I've seen
of SF debris is his his history of
comics and it is fantastic he go he goes
into some deep shit oh fuck I must be in
that house that has my mad hiding in
cabinet strats doesn't seem to be
working so I'm going oh that's why I'm
in Tommy's house well okay let's call
time maybe I'll come back his time
do you guys have preference set to Jason
I don't know that we do oh yeah
okay but I'm still playing this I got to
the plant I preferred playing as a
counselor sure I'm Jason okay I'm Jason
I'll decide at the counselor you see
wouldn't everyone always have preference
said to Jason look the reason I just
said I think playing as a counselor can
be more fun
1880 oh I have the fuse out protection T
do you know where the box is no idea
great it's a couple of old hippies
yeah Milwaukee oh wait is that it there
is
traps diplomats funding like multiple
stamp yeah
just do it once didn't see those those
that's quadruple trapped
look you just put them all on the phone
no that's five there's fucking sign out
there that's quintuple trap and hen
Jason fucking bag head Jason you get hit
by two traps and you die that's it yes
god damn it got got got darn gosh darn
heck gone wrong on all metrics metrics
gosh dang it
pickle pickle that's a jar of pickles
that's what that's what that is that's
all
sassafras all right
no I don't know if I have anything that
with the Justice League trailer that's
what we're talking about before before
guns it's right where it's just like
yeah it's it's another movie about like
will these heroes be able to come
together and work it out but we also
don't have the we also don't have the
backstory of all of these characters we
don't know like where they're coming
from Wonder Woman just well just one not
even Batman this time right the last
Batman movie he was a giant asshole for
most of the movie and tried to kill the
hero that was it that's his backstory
we got Wonder Woman who like I care
about cuz I really liked Wonder Woman
but like everyone else they're gonna
give us a giant exposition just fine
that one was fine yeah I know so so it's
like they're gonna give us twenty minute
exposition dumps of everyone and we're
not going to care or they won't and we
still won't care right right fucking
right
hopefully it just won't be as hot
garbage as Batman versus Superman which
was just hot garbage it is it is so
important in any work of fiction to give
a shit about the characters that is so
important it's that's like 101 man
that's like 101 even unlikable
characters you're supposed to have some
sort of empathy for unless there's a
villain and the last Superman movie
featured Superman being a lifeless
asshole right likable or interesting
I don't think Aquaman's gonna be either
he's a he's gonna have a drinking
problem he's a hard she's not your dad's
Aquaman and the fan the flash is gonna
be is gonna be
you know the nervous quick talking wreck
just how you like it no it just seems
like a dude huh have you seen any of it
he just looks like a dude he's even look
like then they look like they played up
the whole quick thing it's just I'm kid
I'm young kid no he like he looks like
he looks like a like what do you call it
was someone who like has a hard time
talking to normal people he looks like
he looks like a weirdo out just like oh
my god get in you have a Batman and III
shouldn't be talking this much because
you're the Batman and I'm the flash and
you know I'm the flash over here my
flash case yeah I shouldn't be a nebbish
it's gonna be annoying in sight yeah
cyborg we know nothing about
hoo hoo it looks like he's going to be
the linchpin of the movie it looks like
it's all based around his cybernetic
implants yeah because like I think it's
his dad who made him who the bug
creatures are against in the first frame
all right all right I don't know I don't
all right I don't know but uh I have my
favorite German brothers cyborg is a
carrot just seems so out of place
compared to the rest of the DC heroes
not these bad character just mmm I just
know so very little about him outside of
the from
Teen Titans cartoon that's that's my
where I get the most of my cyborg
knowledge I believe it's an interesting
premise though where he can just
integrate any machine into his body yeah
I believe that's what his power is and
so he's just he's just a human robot it
but he can also integrate different
machines into his body
okay okay someone is about to correct me
and tell me I'm wrong but then someone
is about to say you're absolutely right
and then three other people are gonna
say I'm wrong and two other people are
gonna say I'm right
cyborg is Inspector Gadget yeah I
believe
he's got fly fly shoot laser laser power
cinema can can you recommend any video
editing software I'm currently using
Sony Vegas but it's causing loads of
issues I'm getting audio artifacts and
crashes I personally use Adobe Premiere
Pro if and it works for me
consistently and wonderfully all the
time you can get a 30-day free trial of
Premiere Pro and just see if you like it
and you get the entire Creative Cloud
suite for 50 bucks a month so that's
what I use and that's what I recommend
as far as free editing software I don't
use that anymore so I don't have any
other recommendations but Premiere is
beautiful and and it'll give you all the
things you need doesn't cyborg feel
naked if like a toaster is his body that
would be his skin sure I bet he likes it
down like ah you guys can't tell but I'm
naked
why cuz he turns into thing so he kind
of has to be naked first power righty
maybe it's just horribly awkward for him
I bet you get over that after a while
cuz like like he's naked but no one
really knows he's naked
he's no naughty bits for which to feed
naked you would he would still feel
naked as my thing but yes it's not an
argument about whether or not he should
be censored it's an argument about he's
running around without clothes and just
for him that's gonna feel really awkward
will you oh so you have to wonder what
sort of Superman hey Wonder Woman haha
this is awkward unless it's not for you
in which case let's talk because if
you're cool with this
you and me let's hang out
I'm sorry if Adobe Premiere is too
expensive for people my editing
situation is very different from other
people's editing situation for me like
premiere is a professional is
professional-grade
editing software and if you are not
earning $50 a month then then you
probably don't need it what I'm saying
is you know give it a try see if you
like it as far as free stuff I can't
help you
I'm very sorry button but it's not for
50 bucks a month it's not just Premiere
you get After Effects you get audition
you get Prelude you get Photoshop you
get all the Adobe Creative Suite for 50
bucks a month and I think it's worth it
but I also use that stuff for work so
you know very different
dr. Manhattan doesn't seem to mind if
you were paying attention to the
watchman you'll notice as the as the
timeline goes on he has less and less
clothes dr. might have it right he also
loses more and more of this humanity
almost as if that was part of the theme
caring about what other people think are
caring about other people in general
do you remember maybe they just saw the
movie and it didn't prove petraea bad
well fun starts at he's got like the
full body thing that's the first thing
he wears when he's in a superhero
costume but the first time he's magic
full-body spandex and then then this all
the sleeves are gone they're kind of
like short so then it's just just shorts
and that's a really short shirts and
it's just nothing yeah and then and then
when they show him like in Vietnam doing
dirty work it's just like a g-string
right and then he's just nude in his lab
because he no longer cares about some
manatee symbolism really fucking fucking
details like that
Oh Oh this person said they're real
it's almost as if they were telling the
story through visuals I know it's crazy
it's crazy to think about that as if
visual cues could help fuck God fuck
alright let's see here
where are we hey rich I saw the new
Blade Runner I think it's a beautiful
masterpiece but if you don't like the
first one you may not like this either J
didn't and J likes the new ones so
that's the thing J also is not a fan of
the original Blade Runner and in talking
with him the other day he's saying like
this has contender for like best of the
year for him hmm so I I'm excited I'm
excited to see it I'm very excited I
really like that director so I was
excited about whatever let's see here
huff hearted what says hey guys I loved
the plink a toe episode Jack never
getting to drop the ball is a solid
running gag plinky toe without jack
would feel shallow and gross so how long
can a running gag last add a red letter
media tool it's not funny there's no
solid answer I mean how long you got
they can rake and run until we think the
jokes done
it was funny like I I know after we
filmed then we filmed that a while ago
after we filmed that I felt I felt kind
of down about it about that episode I
would just wasn't sure if like you know
the movies weren't that great we didn't
have a ton of like super laughs moments
but but uh Mike did a heck of a job when
you cut out all the fat I thought I
think it was a good edit that nice
person worst witch the pinky toe oh yeah
the plink a toe best of the worst I
thought I thought I thought it came
together really well
nice nice paste nice flow get all you
get all the funny stuff masturbating
bigfeetz is you know that's great that's
all you need that's well thank God for
the masturbating pigfoot we would have
been lost the episode would have been
canned without that to be honest
it got I enjoyed the open hostility it
got more makeup more heated Jay and I
were really really pushing for feeders
as a as a time pencil huh why cuz it
it's a unique thing the the idea of
someone being able to make their own
movie and sell it in stores is a novel
idea or just a mistake no that's that it
was the precursor to YouTube to modern
day entertainment like just people
making weird shit poorly of course it
was bad it's a bad movie but people just
making weird shit and being able to give
it to a mass-market is an amazing thing
just because you can doesn't mean you
should but they did is the thing we
can't stop that we can't go back in time
and stop that Peters embarrassed
everyone for similarities to feeding
frenzy feeding frenzy is so much better
than feeders
you have to see feeders it's got nothing
absolutely nothing nothing feeders has
nothing that's the cola the doctor says
it is everyone's dream to make their own
movie and sell it and for that for a
first small stretch of time in the
nineties you could do that and like now
we can do that then you know what you do
huh
you put clerks in a time capsule yes and
you fucking kick feeders off the
building it's all why it's all part of
the same Stu rich look at the clerks
feeders Stu it's because well you know
because the thing about clerks is that's
a professional they they used to film
camera feeders is using consumer grade
equipment to make your own movie this is
like this is what people do now for you
to wear our cameras are just better
Peters is an American tragedy it's a
it's a it's a terrible movie but it's
the precursor to a lot of our jobs now
and so I stand by I stand by my feelings
what I am doing now has zero absolutely
zero to do with theaters and the
existence of YouTube has zero to do with
feeders I think the connection there is
very strong the opportunity to sell your
own artistic content is a direct
correlation to feeders
that's what that's that's where you got
your start that's where red letter media
got its start making their own movies
and being able to sell them to a wide
audience and that all comes from not
maybe not specifically feeders but
movies like fear shot on VHS sold in
stores theaters a rung in that ladder
know if there were no feeders no the
world would look the same today it is
completely it is completely unimportant
it's a novelty that something so
incompetent got into a store yes that
does not make it worth celebrating it's
it's not a ladder don't think about it
like a ladder it's it's it's part of the
same pot it's in the same Stewart if you
remove feeders rich here's here's what
I'll say yeah if you remove feeders
absolutely
if you remove all a shot on video movies
that were sold in stores then you have
nothing we have none of them if you
remove feeders yeah I would still have
made goofy movies in high school with
Mike and we'd still be right where we
are it would have nothing it's
irrelevant it's completely fucking
irrelevant to not anything and every
feeders the the make DIY filmmaking
aesthetic feeders is a is a showpiece to
the DIY filming right if anything yeah
people being able to buy and watch
something like feeders yeah just made it
harder for people to make movies III
will tell you anything the paid money
for feeders would never want to buy any
kind of movie made by Schmucks ever
again that's a decent no I obviously we
just go we're gonna have differing
opinions
feeders is a shitty shot on VHS movie
that we watched on the latest wheel or
not we a fling keto best of the worst
blink at home
