Episode 877
Peter CottonFail (Overgrowth part 1)
October 20, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HnSG9Sc6Sbo
___________________________________________

just hit play don't ya okay of this all
right
okay couple things we need to do yeah
swap me oh sure swap me but I want that
mouse
okay so overgrowth this time the mouse
overgrowth is a game that I I think it
just fell to your right is the game I
first remember hearing about like four
years ago no I just need any any mouse
to to run the menus yep because if you
look it's already kind of out
just go full a window and here it is the
f4 screen there we go there's simple
water sure just to make sure texture
detail oh don't don't this game probably
doesn't free have problems will change
it I'd go with the non simple stuff
before I go with the simple I think I
think you owed to this game to try and
present it in the best possible light
Jack okay so I'm gonna click that
alright here we go
so like it like I was saying the first
time and then I'm good for hardcore
already already you're good for hardened
course I tried I tried playing what hold
on what are my options again I tried
playing in a in casual and it was a joke
and yeah I applied and so it's but it's
casual hardcore there's no like normal
they want you to feel good about playing
normal so they call it hardened so they
call it hardcore
there's nothing wrong with playing
normal it's called normal for a reason
right hardcore
so I remember seeing a demo of this
like I said four years ago something
nuts yeah and it seemed to have a really
interesting and unique combat system but
they didn't have any levels or enemy AI
yeah and it's been in early access for
ever and a day and today and it just
came out the other day and like I I've
had this on my steam wish list for so
long that I forgot about it nine years
right
of development yeah possibly I believe
that's what the center page
okay claiming to already have nine years
worth of mods backed up
the campaign is really short but there's
a lot of mods why is the campaign really
short man that's a great question man
that's a great question
the story is utter garbage and so I'm
just gonna do this cuz it does what is a
wait wait we have giant
realistic-looking rabbits I demand to
know what the story is oh you don't get
any clue to that right now we just have
to go to town to try to sell stuff
because we're a merchants
they're just furries probably yeah we're
like it's and you know what it's a
cool-looking model right and because
it's rabbit he jumps really high and
long oh and he gets stuck on stuff a lot
and you can like do walk you oh shit
I think you found them was he doing with
Walt you could you can do all jumps I
don't think I need to hear that's my
that's my first problem you can okay so
here's the kickoff of the stories we see
this guy beating up this other guy right
uh-huh and we say hey and that's it like
this but so it has this combat system
where there we go oh shit what I press
the wrong button oh fuck I'm still
remembering I was just playing earlier
today hey why is that jump Oh
hit start hi have you all fucked up you
have me all fucked up you know yeah I'll
tell you exactly right why you're not
using the controller controls right now
right now I when I play heat the
signature I got it set up to use the
controller but since you can't revine
keys and heat signature right that's why
I'm using controller because you know I
can't read by the cases when using
controller on the mouse oh but you can
use an X pattern I have all of that I
have all of that rebound
you can rebut you can rebind keys in
heat signature you can't use a
controller in Haiti yeah I just wanted
to use a controller to move around much
better going that's why I had X powder
Golan the keyboard one hand Mouse and
the other what I mean patroller on one
hand Mouse in the other that's how you
just got to turn off xpadder okay that's
eggs powder eggs batter it's not me it's
not you you weren't playing like shit I
just made you look bad at an accident
where's X batter
not even sure what it is right now wait
wait you just went by it okay how do I
turn it off
cuz like we use controllers often enough
for it where Hey knowing how to turn
this off would be really good I think we
just turned off weight well weight load
a new one look at letter new one and we
just won't bind anything that should
work right how do we load a new one I
think you shouldn't it's you where you
just turn it off right have you just
close it it was close it was close
yeah okay well hold on let's nope still
on and yep Scylla Oh No fuck you rich
fuck you royally how do you how do we
undo xpadder goddamnit
how do we just turn it off yeah
just go new okay
I see this let me see this I'll just
make up that should do it
see this rich rich rich rich Evans know
that I don't like it goes to wasd can I
turn that off
how do I undo you xpadder how do i how
do I get rid of you oh oh you know what
it what here let's do this wrench
no no getting here let's try this okay
that back yeah you can have that back oh
yeah okay first what we're gonna do is
we're going to delete this thing clicks
oh no
okay so no we're just gonna we're gonna
X out of this right okay but I'm sure
it's still running in the background and
so then if we control alt or if we go to
task manager control shift escape
somebody sang I bet it's still running
as a background program not as an app
probably but as a background process and
if we undo that there it is and that
task boom now theoretically if I hit
continue
I kind of love that rag doll oh the rag
gals get ridiculous there we go now is
it working fine no no it's working all
right all right I feel bad like look at
this that wall jump probably would have
work - oh yeah yeah please you can just
keep kicking them cuz I've killed them
and then you know what else you can do
you can grab and drag parts of his body
I think he's stuck on a bench though oh
he's stuck all right let's get through
this stupid-ass story I just saved them
from bandits and then he's like hey
there's more bandits over there can you
go over there so then I go over here and
he goes hey man there's bandits over
there can you go over there so I go over
here
like that's the whole story that's it
just fight bandits if I'd been slavers
they're slavers so there's not a there's
not an epic story there's not an epic
story to this at least not yet as far as
you know and we gotta do sneaky stuff
here twitch says we're playing heat
signature did you not I changed the name
I bet it forgot to do the other
full of rats
nope not over undergrowth just over glue
oh that's what you changed it to I
didn't change it though I'm in bed of a
stolen stolen mom than you all right we
should be good
silly rabbit kicks are for kids there
you go that's it now what's a pun silly
rabbit kicks are for kids
well are you dragging around which is
great cuz like you know like hiding
bodies I think is important but like
look you can grab by the foot you can
grab them by the hand you can grab by
the hello you this one well you're that
neat
can you jump with them okay jump with
them yeah that's a good question nope
you cannot jump okay go talk to this
dickhead oh there's more of them over
there like literally everyone just goes
oh there's go that way there's more of
them and it's kind of overall it like
overall it's kind of lame but it's also
kind of interesting because parts as the
combat can be really fun okay like
there's this whole counter system where
you're supposed to wait for your enemy
to Telegraph their attack and then you
like do a judo move and kick him while
they're down it's very cheap fighting
but it's satisfying because you're like
you just really like what you get a
sword and you just want to stab them as
many times as you can yeah to kill them
fast oh why should we care about this
game why should you care about anything
man oh it's no one it's weird what's the
problem what's the problem
is there anything other than rabbits
yeah look what you can do in this game
why should you care about this game look
yeah there's other things other than
rabbits movie faster thing this yeah oh
no I'm like jumping is like really
floaty yeah but it seems to make sense
for rabbits are there Ninja Turtles in
this game there I have not run into any
Ninja Turtles I'm not saying there
aren't any them there better be fucking
ninja turtles in this game
I just haven't run necessarily run into
you know so far I've run into rabbits
obviously wolves cats
oh yeah kick you while you're down oh my
god look at the mess yeah story sucks is
that a tail or just a texture that's
supposed to be a tail that's the tail
look this is really dunk edge is really
sure how does a rabbit tail you know and
this guy says hey my friends over there
can you go over there that's a new flips
it's weird it's a weird little game but
I'm I kind of dig it
I mean it's ugly look at him look at
that the character he's he's not
bad-looking
right whoo Jesus hey guys I wanted to
share a strange thought I had the other
day do you think that the Star Trek
universe Star Wars exists and is
remembered as a late 20th / early this
21st century sci-fi franchise why would
they remember it right it would just
seem silly to them once you have the
future technology people's portrayal of
what future technology might look like
can be acquaintances right right I'm
trying to think of a case like like you
know in the in the 20s all of the the
like airplane and spaceship stuff that
they had in like old Flash Gordon
serials is very silly to us metropolis
metropolis where biplanes people
commuting to work and biplanes drop
there you go Vega is a great example
weird weirder to me is that you have a
universe in Star Trek that didn't have
Star Trek in their 20th century that's
weirder to me do you is is there an
example this is something you might know
is there any example of them like having
a show that inspired them no not in
start because by the way that should be
a thing like like you said like you said
they should have had a Star Trek like
show or like as a kid I grew up watching
this and that's what made me you know
want to be a Starfleet captain or
something like that it's it's 200 years
out of date no by that point sure
and Chet thinks they had Galaxy Quest is
what they watched in Star Trek
it's great this is not bad
Star Trek discovery might have the
original series in its history
have you watched Star Trek discovery I
haven't watched luckily that's why I
still just watch the first two right so
though I still I still can't muster up
the appropriate amount of care oh I'm
sorry
we're gonna die I did a really shitty
job
dr. Luba tubbses my user name comes from
singing your do it up song while looking
for wd-40 sure it's your birthday rich
happy birthday let's not ever take today
but thank you
lizanne de says what do you call a fake
noodle and impostor ah
and a bet Jack you must press a to
unsheath your knife I didn't want to use
my knife why not
I'm fire fuck
if you oh he got mine if you unsheath or
if you if you have don't have your knife
out then you can do stealth kills if you
don't have it out if you don't have it
out okay and I wanted to do a stealth
kill cuz I'm hoping to take these guys
out and stealth cuz that's much easier
than fighting I thought you liked the
fighting sometimes it's alright
sometimes it's not so let's like shadow
of Mordor was that I mean I know what
that is but in what way you have the
stone we ran around big world and
relatively quickly you could run behind
something and stab it in the neck
that country's impaled himself on that
on that spike
he just picked up my knife maybe you
don't want to take out your knife then
like ever they're just gonna pick it up
and kill you with it seems like fairly
difficult combat it is it is it can be
very satisfying if I if I don't fuck up
hope you guys review shadow of war
prepare to be disappointed you come from
like it sometimes it seems like they
sometimes it seems like they're very
picky about when they when you have to
hit the can you not color that easily
oh if they have a knife and I don't have
a knife no I cannot count it anything
can you carve it at all what I hit you
with my knife look he has a knife in his
heart that rabbit had a knife in his
fucking heart I'm sorry I'm very sorry
I've made it much farther than this
throw my knife right at him
I don't know if you saw that I knocked
him down and then I just I him my
shivved him like the dickhead he was how
necessary are the microtransactions
foreshadow of war that's an important
question it's it's shit that they have
of them at all I'll agree with that but
are they necessary from what I have
heard is they're not necessarily the
game is just rather grimy without them
okay besides the point they shouldn't be
in the game I agree
brandy at the end to get the real ending
have I already seen everything there is
to this game yep yeah yep you have and
that's every story is delivered one shot
unedited and it's it's tedious yeah yeah
kind of creepy watching rabbits ship
each other kind of yes it's it's weird
and interesting like I said the combat
there is something there I wanted more
so I just wanted to show this I know
this is like a new game it's one of the
games that have been in development
forever and I wanted people to see more
of this game
none of this story matters fucking none
of it matters
oh there's a mouse person up here that's
a different animal there's all sorts of
different animals a mouse person oh ok
man eater manatee says mildly amusing
trivia the prevalent pink tone in from
beyond yeah probably a reference to the
fact that in the original short story
ultra violent tones become visible
because of the machine oh sure that's
fun we were talking about how much we
enjoy how much we enjoyed the color of
both reanimate ergo too much do it every
animator and from beyond there's the
wall running oh my god
andrey animator is very green and from
beyond is very is very pink and blue how
do they do healthfulness i don't know it
doesn't it never comes up is how they do
healthfulness you either die or you
survive to the next thing and then your
health doesn't matter so you don't do
anything to get it back
no just regenerates no but I mean with
every ok battle yeah so yes no you know
it's one of those those weird things
I am Chester says hi guys just saw the
last ring glad you liked the pie case I
sent I would recommend for starters the
YouTube channel ETA prime for learning
all the crazy game stuff you can do with
the pipe that channel shows a fairly
easy mod for that case that increases
its functionality with the pipe it is
something you may want to consider a
youtube search for Ness PI mod will
bring it up
Jesus Christ it took nine years well how
many people I'm sure not many what'd you
do the last nine years right you make a
game right
I'm sure this wasn't easy
most of the fish was shit apparently
they can also run through stairs
yes this is the Duke Nukem Forever of
rabbit games
yeah I'm hitting the counter button but
it doesn't you know I'm still and and I
have hours at least you know a couple
hours into this game and I'm still
unsure as to like when I need to hit the
counter button in order to do the
counter star do is fully 2d and I want
to say that took years and years and
years to make oh sure
remember one valve made in video games
nobody's that old
as we come down the stairs
baby hey just jump up there and I use
the stairs good
physician
get under the sirs
what random slo-mo from what I've heard
it has some sort of like bone
recognition system and so if you break
someone's neck it kills them instantly
okay
oh and here's a dog
oh oh well that that's not supposed to
happen
would you skip him out a window I might
have just won by kicking him out of a
window which would be awesome yes
wouldn't the health bar be nice
probably yeah I mean but really you know
also your poor health carrying over to
the next segment or you know maybe that
could give you some open-world things to
do where if if you have poor health you
have to search around the open world to
find I don't know carrot tea or some
shit like that I don't know
defenestration yes the act of throwing
someone or something through a window
but nonsense
more UI elements is never the answer
Oh posh you you people these days and
your anti hug shenanigans
I want useful information on the screen
you can go fuck yourself look one of the
one of the first mods I grabbed for war
of the chosen was an expansion to the
health bar that just gave more
information sure sure
there's nothing wrong with having
information on the screen I see what
their aim is and all sorts of useful
shit that I can ignore you eyes are good
you only think dead space got rid of the
heads-up display chat they didn't they
integrated it into the character model
but you still get the information you
need in a clearer and presentable way
the circles fill I've got the charge
this second use so the spines the health
bar I've got this much help sure sure
it still has an HUD or at least you know
it has relevant information that you can
disseminate and understand as those eyes
got blood on him
how much blood what that mean what is it
what does that mean how can I get rid of
the blood does it really matter and I
guess like that's the bigger concern
with this game is it just does not
matter because either you die and you
start over or you move on to the next
area and your health resets you know
hopefully everyone saw that fuckin
badass move I forgot all talking about
the headshot yeah you can throw swords
in this and that dog just threw his
sword right at my fucking head pretty
badass I try to do a little bit better
this time that's my goal I think the
point is though that with dead space you
still got the information you needed
yeah the Ghostbusters game they did it
with a proton pack with lights on the
side that represented health and and and
whether or not your weapon who's gonna
overheat but the information was still
there
it's not the vagaries of as screens
fuzzy and red was it mean what does that
mean specifically
took that dog
I beat his ass that's what I did
crocodile brain says guys I just want to
point out that boyhood took 12 years to
make yeah that's true also how much is
the bounty to get you to freaking play
death road to Canada in the spirit of
spookiness the spirit of spookiness
doesn't necessarily mean a lot to me at
the moment
no like in general or no oh this time I
caught his sword and I used it to murder
him I know there's another dog and it's
murder
satsang this could be the sake of Jimbo
the the samurai rabbit cartoon character
I don't know behind the name as written
die you saggy yo Jimbo it could have
started out as a fan game sure I don't
know what that is missus it the rabbit
answer to the Ninja Turtles there's a
character called you savvy you saggy yo
Jimbo okay Andy he lives in a world like
this only it's more cartoony okay
cool like this this is one of those
things where like you know game like
this a game like like heat signature is
one of those things where like if if
they could have given this bare-bones to
a studio who had like the resources to
turn this into something big it could
have been awesome like I think this is a
neat world I like the look of the
rabbits the combat is almost there
there's stealthy elements but it's just
not polished and there's not enough of
it and the level design is garbage and
the music sucks and the story sucks you
know like there's so many bad things
about this but it has that kernel of
goodness just give it to give it to a
big studio give it to someone to make it
good I'm sorry jack it's all right Chad
I know I know some of you might think
that you saggy Yojimbo is a spinoff from
the Ninja Turtles but it's not though
yeah just a crossover but the turtles
were so much more popular with than the
thing they were crossing over with
it's always assumed that you saggy your
Jimbo was from the Ninja Turtles sure
also I'm making my way pretty easily
through these levels only because I've
played them all just just to indie guys
kevin eastman and peter laird just just
give it a shout out to another indie guy
doing a karate animal thing
dick dick Dickie Dickie Dickie Dickie
Dickie dick all right I had a pretty
like I had a plan going and then ruined
annoyed at him shirk Huff Hardin says
good evening
I'm late to the stream so disregard if
it's already been said but I recommend
Patton Oswalt's new special on Netflix
annihilation I've heard very good things
the section at his late wife is very
inspiring
okay I've heard very very good things in
the same way that Street sharks extreme
dinosaurs by command all these different
things are copying ripping off the are
wholly original in no way ripping off
the TMNT I think you soggy you soggy yo
Jimbo was first I could be wrong
you suck in your gym was primarily an
indie comic I think
they do it
I just know nothing about you sake or
Jimbo yeah that's old school okay
manases after seeing glowing reviews for
a happen time I wanted the Leggett but
it looks like shovelware game for the
weave yeah are there any games that you
love in terms of gameplay but I hate how
they look drawn blends up pop my head
though I'm sure they exist you know
that's why for the longest time then
this is story I've told before so some
apologies if I'm repeating myself for
the longest time I stayed away from
spelunky yeah because I did not like its
cutesy cartoonish art style right well
you know that you're Indiana Jones guy
with the big hat and the big nose I
thought it looked super lame mm-hmm and
so I stayed away from it for a long time
only to discover this one of my favorite
games ever but that that is a game that
I put off I put on the that's gonna be
dumb garbage shelf for a long time so
okay that's that's what I got sultan
sanctuary thank you thank you Jeff that
is another really good example of a game
that has very solid gameplay but one of
the ugliest main characters you will
ever come across
I think that's a fine character what
Sultan Sanctuary guy big head
I think is this not a big open world
this is not a big this is in fact not a
big heart
it's the asset they had rich I think
it's just supposed to show that it's not
slippery the ice that I was on earlier
was slippery I've already been through
this level which is why I know where I'm
going
there's just a platforming section but
I've already been through this so I kind
of know where I'm going which is why I
threw it very quickly someone in chat
says it would have bought this and had a
nice big overhaul that's the thing
that's exactly the fucking thing give
that's right opportunity this this this
is one of the give it to him and give
this IP to a big old I mean that
depressing no cuz sometimes rich the
studio system works sometimes there is
strength in numbers you know I want
someone whose only job it is is to
concentrate on the story dagger
microtransactions that's the down side
that's its dagger we'll only costed 50
cents buy a pack of 20 24 10 that's the
downside but sometimes there are
strengths but you get 50 to 20 or you
can buy the seasoned dagger pass fur for
you know just $12 a month that'll get
you 10 daggers a day for a month
microtransactions it's the future it is
the futures here rich and you know what
the futures profitable villages that's a
consumer the futures profitable for some
motherfuckers
I know this this is a really neat idea
that is just just not not quite there
you know yeah should should this have
breath of the wilds claim anything
mechanics no cuz you're a rabbit look
you so jump I don't know if it needs
breath of the wild to climb anything
mechanics would it it needs an open
world it needs a little bit smoother
combat and it needs a story that I
fucking care about because as it stands
oh boy
is there any greater microtransaction
from pumping orders into arcade cabinets
when was the last time you saw an arcade
people have moved away from this because
they preferred spending the money just
to have the thing and use it as much as
you want this this reason that that the
Nintendo killed the arcades
way-hey
right but then they weren't they weren't
making quite enough money so what if we
what if we could take you know the thing
that people like and also make it like
the thing we like the arcade there I see
some of you smart asses in the chat you
know damn well any arcades that might be
near you are are purely fueled by
nostalgia
that's badass wolf I'll go looking off
chap fuck sonic Manny up okay I cannot
seem to do my dad anything is going
got my go-to rabbit move the guild
jumping cake
nope shutting down my jump kick I forgot
how I beat him last time
rich hell-blade let the fuck's our whole
blade
Tomcat 2096 s I recently listened to the
rlm wrote one commentary and rich I have
to disagree with you
rogue one shows how bold Star Wars has
become never has Star Wars been so great
I can finally take it seriously
Cass can prime says no not just money
yay money that wolfman's fucking
business jack this wolf is absolutely
fucking me out I know it is
I can see I forget how I defeated it
how about that I want a sword in your
fucking head
I put a sword in his head look there's a
sword sticking out of his goddamn head
and I don't know well you need a silver
bullet hit run attacks maybe not
can you just agree to disagree with the
wolf right
I'm trying my counters to make sure that
oh my god
that was fucking awesome death the ran
that wolf felt like a total badass the
rag dolls are pretty impressive who they
want you to kick him off the ledge some
stress oh okay alright I'm with you I
think those are fine strats did that do
it do that oh no denied but I I don't
understand how I'd necessarily one that
time but I'm gonna be okay with it I'm
gonna be absolutely okay with it
Raab strats mad rabbit strats that's
what I'm bringing to the game here
that's what I'm bringing to the world my
mad rabbit strats did you watch the
giant robot fight do they finally have
that real-life giant robot fight I think
so did they oh I saw whisperings of it
on the internet today who won where can
i watch this America America beat the
Japanese robot yeah that Japanese robot
of some high-tech shit
that American one was just a clunky joke
have you seen it no Japanese one has
like legs and hydraulics arms and
Technology and then the American one is
just a fucking hunk of metal that bed
pivots that works Oh a scripted garbage
well sure it was I'm sure they weren't
fighting to the death I know that but
you can have a system of rules with like
you know the robot equivalent of nerf
guns shooting at each other which is
what I assume they would do
the version they showed in Japan the
other robot one oh is that true they're
nice oh come on
lame
I'm not even gonna wash it then
if you don't if you don't know this is
probably some people who are confused I
don't explain things enough sometimes
there was this Japanese company that
made some kind of comically overpriced
real-life mech okay like you know
hundreds of thousands of dollars to buy
this fucking thing this is a robot you
get into it and working arms you can
steer and it didn't have legs but had
some kind of wheels and they did their
best to make it look like legs you know
would roll around and just some American
dudes they they like built their own
robot which was just cheap in comparison
they challenged his Japanese corporation
evade the fancy robot to a robot fight
that was years ago
uh-huh
so who won rich I haven't seen it I'm
being told it was super comically staged
and that there are two different
versions of the fight so they both won I
don't really know the details yet I am
literally just hearing that they
actually had the fight
oh I was trying to get fancy trying to
get fancy with it
I shouldn't uh that was the ending of
King Kong vs. Godzilla
how are the Emmys all of a sudden so
weak
right well I was sword and I'm catching
them all off guard with my sword I'm
doing a really bad job at the moment
yeah I had a I had a nice plan get my
sword out first by the way update I'm
hearing now on the chat that the two
endings thing was just bullshit made up
by the chat chat god damn you
so I'm doing a little bit of
strategically sneaker tude you know like
if if they don't see the attack coming
and I hit him twice with this sword and
they go down is that the official
stealth kill yeah you know what it is
it's the kill that kills the defective
is what it is yes and so I'm going to
count it there's a guy over here
can we play death road to Canada tonight
nope it's on ste what's the deal of that
is this game so get a practical joke
this is frog fractions no it's it's
supposed to be cute I think maybe even
good I just I just don't care about it
it's been requested more than once and I
know very little about it oh I like I've
seen a little bit about it I've heard
all right I like I haven't heard
anything bad about it okay well fine
fuck you
your sword break Wow I don't think so I
don't think so
I looked into tooth and tail tail looks
like like a really amazing art but a
game that we wouldn't necessarily enjoy
because it's a real-time strategy issue
but it's it's about you know
anthropomorphic mice who do adorable
things so it looks adorable but I don't
think that's a game that we would ever
get into because neither rich and I are
huge on RTSs is this game gonna carry us
through the night
yeah I do want to see if I like how far
I can get with it well you got fuck
didn't you parent Liam how did I do this
before
oh I remember I remember
what's the word in Space Quest - you
guys ever gonna plant never Jack wants
to it's fine by me
shit
I did it wrong oh I did it wrong I had a
whole plan and I did it wrong did we
beat the first one in one stream where's
that two streams maybe two streams
now it's on
get them out of the wait dingleberry god
I got the one grab this one damn
sometimes I think I got it and then I
don't oh shit he saw me this thing oh
great great
the enemies are learning
I got them it's more over here
so there there aren't full-on stealth
takedowns is it quiet till and nobody
notices they don't do that
uh-oh how about that trident No
damn dogs right the dogs find the
rabbits to be inferior creatures and so
they that's why they're okay enslaving
the rabbit folk do they eat them
maybe it's alluded to already it's not I
don't know I've really haven't been
paying attention to the story that much
why was the wolf wearing no clothes
that's a great question
all the other animals seem to be wearing
clothes that's a great question
doesn't this get repetitive yes true
blue review says after trying it out I
would actually recommend getting Super
Mario run
it's really good for a mobile game and
while the free version is just a demo
I'd rather played $10 once than much
more over time you know like like I said
when I talked about I like it's alright
mister my run is it's a it's a it's a
runner on a mobile platform but it's
alright sands of time Shahir yeah this
is like a high for me a lot of times it
is pretty good
I happened to have done this before so
that's why I'm making it through fairly
great right
great this guy yeah
we're finally getting to the point where
I haven't been in the game yeah so I
think I got past this the next part and
then I put it down okay so oh man I love
senses that there's a lot of really
decent things about the game but like
you know for example I had a sword at
one point I had a I had that spear I hit
I had weapons and I can't choose to take
with me are you kicking the rabbit yeah
well they're like a rabbit assassins or
the bad guy rabbits okay
and happen to your Thord that's right
that's what I'm saying that's what I'm
talking about like I couldn't I can't
choose to keep my stored so I have to
pick up this dickheads knife okay
shit
so now I've two knives shit can you kill
him one or more of them yep but now he
has two knives it's no the other one
sorry rich
you led me astray I did I did you don't
have to listen to me that's true
I'm just wondering if you can do things
that's all I don't know how this game
works I don't know the rules I guess I
guess that's my real problem I don't
know if I fully understand the rules
either yet
I don't nothing about your rabbits
like I'm not sure how I choose like what
enemy I attack and when now this is a
good movie he's kind of running jumping
cake except for when you run into a rock
maybe casual on this isn't that bad
seems to get harder yeah yeah I just I
know I made it through a lot of it so
fast right like there I just killed
three people that time rich and Jack do
a review on Steam versus gog gog is
better as long as the game was available
there you go we talked about that a
while ago doing just like a like a these
are the problems with steam episodes
down the only way i want to hear it
again just sound like bitching for the
sake of it right so you know I had those
cool like those two cool daggers and
they're gone and I can't choose to keep
them I would have liked to keep them why
is GOG better because you don't have any
DRM you don't need to be logged into GOG
to play the game you bought on gog gog
gives you the option of just downloading
the whole installer for the game which
you can put on a disc back it up
wherever the fuck you want to back it up
and then you're gonna install it
whenever the fuck you want without
getting the Internet's permission first
it's completely drm free if if gog ever
decided to call it quits you would still
have your game and the same could not be
said about steam they mostly do older
games and I'll tell you another way
they're better when steam does older
games sometimes they don't bother making
it run on modern systems there's nothing
for ya that's on there yeah you worry
about it GOG when they put it when they
put an old game on GOG then make sure it
runs on a newer system that's pretty
good plus quality company quality
company consumer friendly and this in
this era of the microtransaction the the
online nanny publisher log into your
account and then we'll let you start at
the game well that shit
whatever happened to the first four
hours oh we just haven't done one in a
while yeah I think it's dead
no not dead yep haven't haven't done one
but I prefer all my games in one place
then just put a install the game from
GOG and then just put a link to the
executable on Steam that's really that
easy
sure or they have GOG galaxy which is a
steam like client for GOG sure but you
couldn't run all of your games from that
I assume probably just the GOG games I
don't know if there's an option to put
links to other things in GOG galaxy sure
I don't know if they have that yet or
ever or maybe they have it now and I
just don't know about it I don't know
keep trying to jump kick move
Derrida
that was satisfying you know you do the
the judo flip and then kick them in the
balls I'm helping the rats now for some
reason do come let's G oh geez and
return policy you know the the problem I
think most people would find is that you
know more games are on Steam the return
policy is unlike steam you actually
fucking owned the games you shut up yeah
not really an answer well it's an answer
in the sense that I I find actually not
having the DRM far more important than a
return policy which is gonna have
limitations anyway like two hours or
something like that
two hours of yeah I mean how often do
you return a game on Steam how often
does that happen I don't think very very
rare I don't think I ever have I you
know cuz for me I know a lot of people
you know I've never gotten a game off of
steam that was so broken that it was
unplayable like oh I've had a lot of
games that I just thought were bad but I
don't necessarily think that's a
returnable offense
the the return policy matters so little
to me compared to actually having
drm-free product it is many times worth
it to have a worse return policy but to
not have to worry about anything after
the fact taking that way we decided we
can have micro transactions now but it
hasn't I've been an update whatever the
fuck kind of weird thing they want to do
or you want to reinstall that game you
bought on Steam your leg but for some
reason it's not on their servers it's
gonna be some kind of issues of that
down the line that's where I don't have
that problem with GOG executables that I
have downloaded and backed up sure
which no one cares as much about DRM as
you do that's right and that's why when
the axe finally comes down I'm gonna be
the only one who still has access to my
games yeah the correct okay so the
correct ending to that sentence is no
one cares as much about DRM as rich does
yes we might never we might never come
to that day where we're you know like
we're you know where Steve shuts down oh
sure sure but if we do then everybody's
gonna care about
oh joy no DRM and the 20 year old games
gog sells like like The Witcher 3
yeah ninety ninety eight percent of the
games they have are either older or like
you know Indy kind of things like dabs
assuming dead cells might be available
on GOG if not that specifically games
like that sure the kind of games you
find on GOG yeah yeah
look if everything came to GOG I would
not bother what steam yeah yeah yeah all
right that's what you know what
absolutely fair absolutely fair well and
you know what competition is good
competition is good for steam check out
GOG make sure you know it dot IO if you
want really weirdos small indie games
Humble Bundle yes even though they give
you steam keys but you know make sure
you're going to different places for
your games just to keep steaming in line
ain't nothing wrong with a little
competition Humble Bundle is now sold to
IGN unless that's interesting news all
right
that is interesting news
AGN
I don't even know i GN was still a thing
why is it interesting what will change I
don't enter that anything will change it
just I didn't know that it's okay they
own them now like I said it interesting
just cuz I haven't thought about IGN in
forever yeah - anything know that we're
still around right when their day when
IGN was exclusively Nintendo 64 related
news is that true who I want to see when
they first started there was something
like that
sure why not man why the fuck not
problem IGN buying Humble Bundle is that
they review gamers how specifically is
that a problem that's a good question so
unrelated to trusting IGN for reviews
just saying how is that specifically
them owning Humble Bundle a problem
because they do reviews one would okay
so here's a hypothetical and this is not
my argument let's say they charge more
for games that they give positive
reviews I'm stretching here which I'm
trying to think of a way that would be
bad I don't know I don't I mean they
could be selling a game so they'll say
yeah it's great but why would you trust
a gn4 reviews of the first place they're
already reliant on the advertising
dollars and the access granted to them
by by like EA and other big publishers
they're already compromised right why
would you ever trust an IGN review
why do you trust them anyway isn't a
good defense it's not really a defense
this is like it's like somebody who who
who deals crack is now also dealing
heroin and all right well they still
suck nothing's really changed
which thoughts on former uncharted
creators studio being shut down and e8
changing the star wars gang colinear
to something more open I don't give a
fuck what they do it's Star Wars what do
you mean about the Uncharted thing
talking about Naughty Dog have they
closed down Naughty Dog which I would
highly dump very profitable game series
very expensive at this point
rabbits can't swim rich they shut down
this role what they connected than
Uncharted I don't know what they did for
Uncharted imagine that we don't care
about Uncharted just imagine that for a
little bit which I you know they were
making a Star Wars game with an
uncharted leg gameplay oh god oh god
rich oh but they got shut down
thank so a button prompt Massacre but
with the Star Wars story yep
it doesn't bother me that this shut this
down I don't know why they did though
starwars i'm cherdon probably would have
made a fucked on money right financially
I think it's a blunder it would have
made a fuck ton of money
well I'm lat unless it was just costing
them too much in development it would
probably be a better movie than the last
Jedi we haven't seen the last Jedi yet I
said probably
like like ei ruins and other studio is
that is that any kind of shock there
hatchet men
is there any any game development studio
that has been acquired by EA and then
thrived has this ever happened
that's a great question what are game
studios that have been acquired by ei
EIO are currently dying Maxis what do
they do
there's some City The Sims oh yeah
remember that the big SimCity debacle
which big city oh yeah yeah yeah always
online YUM
there you are
are you saying ëi is working houses go
to die no I'm saying it's where they can
consume go to die means they were before
and
okay this is where I left off I just got
blow darted okay so now I'm gonna wake
up this is now all in all new to you
this is all now all new to me I think
this game is not good but I also like
certain parts of it so now you care
about the dialogue huh Oh amethyst is a
cat we've been amethyst is one of the
evil leaders and she's a cat and if this
is a cat are you gonna team up with her
now if you've both been captured by some
Mouse
oh wait we have to fight well maybe if
you listen to what she had to say yeah
pick it up
I think I'm gonna love the goofy ragdoll
right
what's your favorite game through this
year um what-what came out this year
that's that's always the problem I don't
I don't pay much attention to the
arbitrary cutoff of the year right is
the problem yeah oh yeah what can I
handle and stuff stuff came out this
year
Mario rabbits very good as new vanquish
well that was that wasn't really a new
game I don't even know if you can count
war of the chosen the XCOM expansion
those on the breath of the world
oh yeah breadth of the wanna there you
go Friday 13th is pretty good too oh
there you go plenty of contenders home
for pound I you can make an argument
that I've gotten more enjoyment out of
Friday the 13th yeah yeah yeah alright
which president well
so rich why is it that you hate breath
of the wild exactly exactly
great
panty party up there up there chat sign
horizon zero dawn Jack let's uh even
that versus Zelda I might go like it's
tough because I really dug the story of
horizon zero dawn but that doesn't even
come close to comparing to the amazing
gameplay of breath of the pilot
she wouldn't rub the mouth huh horizon
zero dawn
I know fur for lack of mouse controls I
might like the combat horizon zero dawn
more absolutely for the lack of mouse
control the combat is better the story
is better but the exploration of breadth
of the why like I think the the gameplay
as theme but-but-but-but-but zero Dawn's
an open world zone isn't there
exploration there there is exploration
but it's not themed as well yeah it's
not it's not the same it's not really
interesting things to find right don't
have that magical what's around the
corner feeling okay
you know this area is gonna have
seventeen of this icon for that icon map
fishing and a lot of it yeah yeah
XCOM - was late last year good question
I think that was late last year
you might be right was the year before
time just flies
and don't don't ask me for 2016 don't
ask me to choose between an ex-con doing
do like I can't do it I absolutely can
do it so it's just the opposite of a dog
pit oh nice yes
you win you win everyone all right I'll
tell you this much I'll tell you this
much nothing that came out this year
I know breath of the wild came out this
year nothing that came out this year
compares to doom or XCOM to
okay rich do you like cake or pizza more
you haven't pizza no question absolutely
no question it's Pizza Pizza no question
by like a thousand times
I'll take I'll take subpar pizza over
good cake I agree with you okay I had to
think about that I wasn't just gonna
throw that out there like you did
I keep kicking them somewhere
how'd he kill about pineapple on pizza
fuck you
terrible fuck you you know the answer to
that it might be new there might be new
we've had this company we have had this
conversation not a fan of the pineapple
pineapple belongs on cake cake that you
won't eat because your pizza because by
the way pineapple does not belong on
cake
shed we've had this conversation on best
in the worst and I just really yeah
we've talked about that ice cream
pineapple if he's not the best of the
worst
yeah yeah crazy maybe it wasn't a you
episode maybe is just me and Jay
Oh what this whole area down here
I keep them into the lava so far it is
not working
right
didn't we won and I didn't do anything
let's find you one that's the important
fucking thing if you've all kosher dill
pickles and coffee you mean together
gross I like pickles and I love coffee
how does it feel how does it feel when
you ate that giant burger did it feel
like food went in your mouth it felt
like food one in my mouth Vera burger
was comically large I did not finish it
uh-huh but honestly honestly it was a
good burger it was it wasn't crowded
they didn't slam a whole bunch of shit
on there it need to be on it meat bacon
mayo and cheese I mean right what else
heat and that was good that was good
Mayo you are dead to me ass suck it up
no mayo and a burger is the greatest I
don't know what you're talking about
but mayo on a hamburger is wonderful it
is it is it adds it adds depth and to
the meaty flavor it's wonderful it's
perfect so no no man that's you you've
got problems Mayo is a natural
complement to be central sir except as
obviously it's their first stream okay
of all time they want to know if if we
play any mmo's no I do not play animos
but yeah so that's an easy
No
which is massively singleplayer that
that is flirting that is a fantastic way
to put it and it is absolutely true
massively single a massively single
player with a few notable it's a few
notable exceptions shit
rocket League and f/13 Friday
surely blue roses your IGN talk reminds
me of giant bomb the site made when
GameSpot veteran Jeff Gerstmann
Gerstmann was fired for giving a mech
review to a sponsored game it's very
good despite becoming a gang GameSpot
sister site so so he left GameSpot to
form Giant Bomb and then Giant Bomb
ended up becoming a GameSpot sister site
yeah that's it's kinda sad
yeah you don't you don't trust the
people reviewing games when literally
95% of the revenue comes from the people
who make the games that's a problem
the revenue and and almost isn't
probably more importantly their excess
right like you know there's a this whole
other issue where you know imagine
imagine if everybody had to wait until
the game came out to review it imagine
how different the world would be the
world of reviews yeah well alright not
just that just but previews of upcoming
movie look behind the scenes in the
studio know here the latest details from
that game that's coming out in two
months that kind of shit - oh yeah it's
a good point
we were invited into the the Bioware
studios take a look at the upcoming Mass
Effect Andromeda Oh an old boy it looks
amazing and then the Mass Effect didn't
do what a game comes out today 8 out of
10 oh we had some minor issues but a 7 8
out of 10
be people feel guilty now to be fair and
this is something I've said before I
don't think that there is a there is a a
specific and spoken quid pro quo mm-hmm
I don't think like anyone who's stupid
enough we don't really need it
exactly it's just kind of obvious you
know what your breads getting buttered
yeah yeah and so and so you know that's
why I add very least like you know a bad
game is a seven I I knew never to go
down that road I mean there were
perfectly nice 4-axis offered to send us
I forgot which game it was what was this
the seven space the seven space game
they made yeah and it's like I thought
about it all these people are really
nice too they're offering to give us
this game oh yeah what if I don't like
it I feel - all we can't do this we
can't do this yeah and there's nothing
they said that was horrible
they just offered us they really just
offered us an early early access to the
game you it right okay they were trying
to be nice yep
beyond our thank you chat
oh fuck run button
but they were requiring or reviewing off
you we jump
I don't think made no I think they just
said hey would you like a really comfy
they knew we were fans and yeah yeah and
there's just that was too far for me was
like oh no I can't do this no event like
yeah they were just being nice yes no no
they they did nothing sinister in fact
they did you know what everyone wouldn't
reviews games doing hourly copied
you need to be unattached it's piece of
shit fucking piece of shit I don't feel
bad about it
not quite
