Episode 878
Peter CottonFail (Overgrowth part 2)
October 22, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_-NQKFWSH_c
___________________________________________

I'm not quite sure how to fight in
groups or you know fight groups yet to
feel like at this point in the game is
something I really shouldn't
does this game have useful moves other
than flying kick or as Jack just really
into that moon Jack well okay so there's
no moves in the game there is a TAC jump
counter and roll that's it like there's
no moves as far as I'm what's the jump
attack so like what I've been trying to
do is jump and kick but like that move
right there yeah which is a very
powerful move well it seems to get you
out of harm's way
right and and it you know it's a move
that I can do while well I move very
fast
is it fun to keep food like that to be
90 percent of your moves that's an
interesting question and how playable
was the game if you don't do that we
don't likely are you to get your ass
kicked oh well don't do that and that's
the thing we're it's like I'm taking on
all these guys now and I'm just trying
to counter and it's really fucking tough
but the jump kick is not but the jump
kick yeah see like look that I can do it
and get out of the way really it's it's
a I need to I need to be doing a that
way I need to be doing a mixture of both
but if I do a jump kick ones then that
will separate the group and it's really
hard to fight in a group
[Applause]
is there a list of moves somebody's
saying there's no moves
there's no moves there's a tack
[Applause]
as Jackson absolvo game with a meet
martial art system but seems better than
this this game reminds me of absolve err
with animals that might be the same of
dev company
[Applause]
do you have a circle sweep kick I plague
people do this
does this have a prequel I don't know I
keep winning a circle sweep kick that's
some kind of joke that I'm not getting
because I'm assuming this is a new IP
they they have a couple other games and
one looks very similar to this another
one has rabbits okay okay but yeah okay
yeah they really like yeah yeah like big
human you know what I'm saying no see
like here's I'm crouching attacking and
it's not it doesn't do anything
there is only attack not like moves it's
not like a brawler it's it's more akin
to to the Arkham games where you just
kind of have to press the attack button
the devs are outspoken furries are they
really
I mean furry stuff usually more cartoony
I guess I'm not sounds like Bugs Bunny
but like with tits
like isn't this just flat-out what you
get to this point this level of realism
isn't that just bestiality right like
Lola yeah but saying bit bugs money what
tits is funnier I had to go with the
comedy on that one it's less funny work
like five people remember who lolo
rabbit is
move list shows a sweep kick there's a
move list reading things
is there a menu can you go to go to
controls
input
the wait there's a slow motion button
throw pickup item equip on you know like
that's it they don't even have a tack
here rich
they don't even show it out they don't
show the mouse once right if there is
I'm opening up a thing
just like AB hey what game is this I
don't know what this games for this is
for their other game I think this is
this game oh wait available and over go
oh well this is that's overgrowth alpha
okay okay now now go
okay so roll wall jump right wall run
lights grab drop a weapon she switch
hand holding weapon I attack and defense
okay left mouse button this punch kick
throw a weapon we know slash while
holding a weapon active block chokehold
yeah I've been doing that okay you know
when I sneak up behind him
oh that's the still thing the leg can
and I do a lot sweep welcome oh okay so
there is a sweep trip trip so if I
attack while crouching
right right no you can only attack when
people are around
but I'm pressing the attack button by
the way that would have been really
that'd be it would be really helpful if
you could just attack at any time
you did a check you did it huh
my big dummy a big dummy is what I am
rich
well I'll have our big dummy moments
Jeff I've made it through enough of the
game where I just don't think it's that
big a deal
kick off the wall jack I have never seen
this game before and I am so sure you
can kick off the wall yeah I've been
doing that now it'll run off the wall
but a kick off the wall
as you're dogging young
[Music]
Dola hecka says evening gents did I hear
right it's rich Evans birthday happy
birthday old man what are you 40 your
ancient what was the depression like
signed by Bill who just turned 39 last
month
we'll get there too motherfucker
you'll get there too
see like four there did something like
pretty cool where I like I threw my
sword at the one dog and then I jump and
kicked the other dog into the rushing
water a pretty fucking bad ass
there are some things about this game
that are fairly badass and then
somebody's bad
none of us says Jack pear-shaped man is
even freakier when you realize the story
about mr. Lincoln that that might help
you recover by making it funny right
yeah there's a lot there's a lot in
there I think Jack's trying to avoid
spoilers not a fella
all I want to say is it's creepy and
it's it's a it's a powerful creepy if
you weren't here earlier jack read a
short story written by RR martin george
RR RR martin that supposedly is creepy
as fuck
it made me incredibly uneasy as it's
supposed to it was part of the it was
part of the the ghost box which is a
collection of short stories and so the
purpose of that was to make me feel
uneasy and it did its job you guys be
playing the new south parking no media
plans do I just don't care about set
apart well works fine or made the show I
have not walked I haven't I haven't seen
that much of it but what I've seen I
enjoy yeah like I haven't watched it in
Oh
at this point a decade and I saw like I
just I just don't care about it you know
I don't know if I have anything against
South Park I just don't care
it's off hurt and Bob's Burgers they're
both fine shows both fine shows
yeah yeah
I'd have no I think I might have seen
one episodes of Bob's Burgers Bob's
Burgers is quality yeah for an animated
sitcoms quite subdued sure right
down-to-earth Bob's Burgers yeah for I
mean I didn't hate it yeah like I said I
just I can't tell you the last episode
I've seen of South Park and so I was
like you know I I've heard their games
are fine but I just don't care that much
about it I'm not going to start a South
Park beef
circum kicks that do anything why does
everyone love Rick and Morty because
it's funny look I know it was supposedly
Rick and Morty fans they're assholes now
but you can find stupid ignorant awful
fans for just about everything that's
true Rick Rick and Morty is some funny
shit and and as a a cynical man it
speaks to me it speaks truths
why are Rick and Morty fans assholes now
because of Xiao chuan sauce Shay's the
ones that's fresh one sure you know
there's no consonant in there that would
make it make that sound
chuan sauce
I've never seen Rick and Morty did
someone say cynical it's the most
cynical show on television
why is Richard cynical man because
cynics are usually ripe
yeah today here's the here so here his
skeptics probably a more reference says
cynics and skeptics are usually right
while also doing nothing to help how
about that can't make you know like
cynics are usually right just because
they're like now not that's not gonna
work that's not gonna work and that's
dumb too my job is done not helping
anything
what about a skeptic who who takes down
con men huh takes down frauds oh sure
sure is that what they're doing that's
what James Randy's been doing for oh no
I recorded 14 years no reg amorites is
cynical yeah I like Brigham Morty but
this point it there is no inherent
meaning to the universe but we need to
you can't just keep doing that over and
over again I get it right it's true when
I get it but it's gonna get repetitive
yeah
I think I have an idea I think one time
she threw a thing at me
there we go there we go
the difference between a pessimist and a
cynic is a pessimist is going to say
things are definitely certainly bad and
everything's horrible a skeptic is gonna
be like hello no we have to take a
closer look this very well could be
horrible I'm not gonna jump on this
bandwagon just yet let me examine this
closer that's the difference
learned if I'm trying man I'm trying to
get past it I know it's it's tough when
you're when you're dealing with any wet
enemy with weapons and you don't have
one it's getting the timing right on
your on your counter is really difficult
and I don't quite understand how my
counter works even though I've been
playing this game for a while now yeah
which should tell you what you there we
go there we go some someone in the chat
is saying you you have to make your own
meaning your own purpose and in Rick and
Morty looking at no one's looking
looking at Rick and Morty that's the
thing that Rick isn't doing he's not
making his own purpose he's not finding
his own meaning he has just found
meaninglessness yeah all right and the
character of Rick is not a very happy
person right
I have a decent plan going here but I
haven't been able to do it right yet
[Music]
a cynic doesn't believe a good chance of
faith a pessimist doesn't believe and
good I'm not a pessimist well as far as
whether or not I'm a cynic what is what
is good chance what do you mean don't
believe it can't but does have you be a
pessimistic cynic cuz I don't believe in
faith I see zero value in thing yeah
blind faith specifically but what does
that mean good chance but it's what does
business but we mean we mean read it
again I don't know a cynic doesn't
believe in good chance or faith and the
faith part for me blind faith I see
absolutely no value I think blind faith
is useless you know and and if anything
detrimental but I don't understand the
good chance part of app that's
definition
how does the fucking counter work that
you don't believe in faith but what
about bravery how would this two things
related that's a great question
oh shit not dead I'm not dead these two
things are absolutely not related yes
yes you can be brave
faith I see is just just sticking your
fingers in your ears and closing your
eyes and telling yourself the thing you
want to believe in is I see no value in
favor I did it this time I countered her
I don't understand how to counter system
works rich and it's really upsetting to
me what about faith in your friends
that's not blind faith I've known my
friends for decades and decades and
decades I don't have blind faith and
Karen who I have also known for decades
and decades and decades it's a different
thing that's not that's not what I'm
talking about that's that's you have
experience with these people and you
know them that's not the same thing as
blind faith things are gonna turn out
right that's blind faith Inc but what
would make you think things are gonna
turn me any reasons to believe things
what about faith in your heart that's
just a lot of gobbledygook that means
nothing
[Music]
rich were you always an atheist no but I
was probably always going to be it cuz I
think I think it was inevitable that
when I got older I was gonna start
questioning things Jack okay
all right where we at here endo crumbs
says how are there all these different
types of dogs and cats in a world
without humans to selectively breed them
that's a fine question I'm gonna bring
that up to Jack when he gets back that's
a fine fine question
rich delete this game I can't do that I
can't do that we're to do them to this
and we're doomed to this for the rest of
the day it's just it's gonna happen and
we need to accept that there'll be a
different game next time
good chance I'm ash all right
unqualified Barda saying sorry good
chance I meant you don't believe in
unlikely chances of good example an X
come you don't see a 75% chance to hit
you see a 25% chance to miss okay yeah
that's just that's just being smart
taking into account that things can go
wrong I guess I guess I am fully a cynic
then and not just a skeptic if you want
to draw some kind of line between the
two
rich will you be skipping the I'm
assuming the Justice League movie is JLA
I'll probably have to see it for work
the analogue kid that's a fine coming
saying put a Star Wars coat of paint on
it and the game becomes an instant 8 out
of 10
seventy-five percent to hit or 25% to
miss can it be both it it is but in okay
in terms of X come you're a fool not to
plan for the bad yet unlikely outcome
you were right in the middle of thought
I had to go to the bathroom to interrupt
yeah yeah okay so here's my issues with
skepticism okay
there is absolutely nothing inherently
wrong with being skeptical okay I think
there is something wrong with putting
skeptic first with putting skepticism
above everything else like anything like
if if you like I I might I might have an
issue with someone who just calls
themselves a skeptic because that is
because of politics I don't want to go
over there if this is anything isn't
gonna get into politics and sjw's I
wasn't planning yeah okay okay okay no
no I think I think someone someone who
calls themselves like a skeptic over
everything else means they are always
looking for the bad and things no matter
what Jackass saying he hates me hey rich
I'm saying I disagree with your point of
view
okay which you know I am because I think
that closes off the door to a lot of
positivity and as you know I'm a pretty
positive person and so if you are always
looking for the bad you're more likely
to find it and I think that leaves
certain doors closed to people there's
nothing wrong with being skeptical but
I've found it more suiting to be
positive even a little naive just
because that also leaves you open to -
how do I want to put this - fun
surprises
alright so under cram of the chat had a
tip here okay
sure how are there are all these
different types of dogs and cats in a
world without humans to selectively
breed them and I thought that was a very
good point
sure sure where'd you get a pit bull
from they should all just be wolves well
what if they you know what if they're
super racist dogs and cats and they
started selectively breeding amongst
themselves but that's the thing though
if they were totally racist they would
all just want to remain wolves and they
wouldn't be selectively breeding
themselves to be anything up a little
bull no but like they they started to
get super racist so they said only the
wolves with the short noses have to be
together now and bla bla fucking fucking
shit it's just a dumb shit how where's
where's my realism
oh no and like I said guys I'm not I'm
not uh I don't wanna I don't want to
shit over being skeptical there is
something very healthy with skepticism I
what I worry about is someone who puts
like I said who puts skepticism above
everything who someone who puts
skepticism above hope is someone who's
never goes this I'm making a general
statement someone who puts skepticism
above hope is never going to achieve
anything beyond negativity is it mais mo
of my we view is
[Applause]
[Applause]
jay-ar our love crafts as young rich the
glass is never half-full it's always
completely full half full of water and
half full of arable that's true that's
very true yeah oh that was it knows it
great
Jack you are describing a cynic sure
sure I think there's a Mossad same coin
there's so there's some Venn diagram in
there I think what you're describing is
a pessimist I think that's all part of
the Venn diagram I think I think there's
some crossover there
[Applause]
[Music]
what I just seen the chest someone's
using somebody called me dude
[Applause]
[Applause]
she the dogs be relatively dog size
compared to the rabbit
shouldn't it be giant bigger you could
have like a boss fight that's just
against a dog ha ha
a giant dog
and the meteor oh one of the dogs died
necessarily know how
that's not how fairy book works rich
[Applause]
[Laughter]
[Applause]
see with the Wolves that your only
tactic is the jump kick
[Applause]
wolves you can't hurt this is that
planet from mom and dad's saved the
world thousands of years in the future
shocks anyone remembers that movie I'm
trying to what is that mom and dad
saving the world
mom and dad just normal frumpy couple
become heroes in this outer space world
of like an evil empire of space alien
idiots hmm
led by what was his name the guy from
the critic John Lubbock Jon Lovitz was
the bad guy all right he was like he was
like he was like you know Emperor Ming
was like a Flash Gordon said he was just
a moron
what Jon Lovitz mystery Garland oh yeah
Jeffrey Jones with a mom and dad so
that's gonna be uncomfortable to watch
in the future oh you know in a minor
role so you know like that's that's the
Ferris Bueller Prince all right
he's the hero yeah for like ten minutes
so you can you can forget about that but
hey in how uncomfortable jeffrey jones
uh did he get caught with a computer for
like kiddie porn I don't know the
details it's enough isn't that it was
enough yeah it was big oh oh okay
I think I think he got caught with child
pornography on his computer like a whole
bunch what happened
I just Star Trek the motion picture
ruined because of Decker's actor I don't
know that I've watched the movie in its
entirety since hearing that
so I which one which one Star Trek the
motion picture yeah what actor Decker
the the guy who merges with alia in the
end okay to form a new life-form job
[Music]
oh and he had a similar thing we're yeah
he's now supergirls yeah gotcha gotcha
[Music]
that's right I have a sword
it's dead check she was the big bad boss
I needed to make sure she was dead
I forgot and cephalo pathetic I've
completely forgot I had a sword I'm sure
this has probably been covered buddy you
guys aware that Star Wars that nine is
being held by Abrams now yeah no how am
I supposed to feel about this is this
good or bad
ah what's the word on the street jack oh
I don't care
listen he's a fine director I don't know
the scripts he's been working with
they've always been the best I don't
know I don't know how much of that is
his fault the here's the important news
the important news is they came up with
a title for the Han Solo movie their
muscle run huh Kessel run no what do you
think the name of the han solo solo
movie I would have said Kessel run nope
think dumber think of the dumbest wait
don't look at the chairs old news it was
the smugglers tale no no no no no no
that's the official title now don't look
at chat you cannot look at chat because
they are typing it I know it's probably
not it what is it okay now you this has
to be the dumbest name for a han solo
solo movie yeah
solo just solo just solo solo a Star
Wars story you say yeah but solo is
already a movie what it's solo the Han
Solo movie a Han Solo movie in the Star
Wars universe
I'm solo did we say Han Solo enough
right Carrie you like Han Solo right
come see Han Solo
solo hey I'm not gonna get too hung up
on the name Highness dumb
I think it's dumb and I don't like it
how about that it's not the worst thing
ever be cold it's not
[Music]
something really funky going out with
the lights kind of should have just
called it low expectations the whole
thing could be like a riff on it Charles
dick in the story
Disney star wars presents low
expectations so low expectations
[Laughter]
alright alright chickens pet Pam
you-you-you beat me out on that one
gotta restart this
gonna restart this we're having weird
lighting issues okay
all right what would you have called a
jacket I I would have liked your
original idea like whatever it's about
you know if it's about the Kessel run
yeah you call a Kessel run
I think solo is oh shit I got to do all
this over again
[Music]
the run called the run I don't know
there's a lot of there's a lot of better
names I feel
you should have been able to rebound off
a wall set enemies
like a jump-off and out of his head that
also takes you by a wall uh-huh should
have given you the option to rebound
back at the elevator
sure yeah that'd be great
that'd be great there's a lot that could
have made this game great
oh saying you can flip off of the walls
but is it an attack or is it just like a
flashy jump yeah you can do that like
you can wall run what wasn't that a
somersault huh you get it you can
somersault - but somersaults is another
button press you know see I'm saying
that should have been like a like a dive
at the enemy yeah that'd be cool
that'd be badass that'd be really cool
really I think I think the key here to
this combat would've been to really play
off of the jumping oh yeah yeah
like a move you plant your hands in the
ground you kick back and knock one enemy
into the other you go you play up the
whole jumping rabbit thing gosh dang it
I already made it past you this is a
prequel to Bucky O'Hare Bucky O'Hare
takes place in space yeah dick
fuck fuck someone got his ass kicked
honestly honestly I feel I feel
humiliated
keep kind of do cool moves and I got to
stop trying to do that this is a cool
room a good movie I honestly don't
remember if cocoon is good or not I
remember liking it back out
have you seen it receive them recently
No
yeah okay Steve Guttenberg old people
love it I remember liking batteries not
included and people tell me what's bomb
hey so it doesn't batteries that
included does not necessarily hold up
come I like the concept of these little
machines that are like life forms and
they're able to reproduce yeah that's a
neat concept I agree
I agree it is I just don't think it was
handled the best it could
what
dammit god dammit god dammit god dammit
every time I feel like I have this whole
counter system worked out the game
proves me wrong I felt that I made a
pretty decent go of it I said I agree
short circuit was amazing
short circuit yes short circuit holds up
Johnny Five is alive
what about the non-indian man playing an
Indian car well you know is it wait wait
wait wait does it matter if he did a
good job right it's just just make up to
play a part
right I think he did a fine job
ah then I'm okay with it he played it a
little he played it a little up ooh he
played it a little a little over the top
he's a likeable character sure I'll give
you that he's one of the good guys
three of them
yes chat actors play things that they
are not how
sack of the axis says you guys seem to
consistently pick movies that my brother
absolutely loves for review Starship
Troopers demolition man the mist of
reanimated just need to review Mean
Girls and you're golden
I am not familiar with Mean Girls really
yep there are some Mean Girls um uh Tina
Fey's right uh movie writing yeah that
might've been a free beyou debut Thank
You Lindsay Lohan as the lead it's about
well you probably wouldn't have cared
it's about like bitchy teenage brains
it's funny though I can't imagine like
you sitting down and be like I'm gonna
watch Mean Girls I really feel like
watching a movie about bitchy teenage
girls probably should have been paying
attention to where I should have been
going
can I get out that window or maybe
I did it congratulations jack
congratulations high school a bitchy
girl yep
you know it's it's it's a good movie
it's a fine movie I haven't launched in
a while but you know review of life
force maybe you know what maybe the
review is a better medium for life force
that's a strange movie I am not
excessively familiar with it I remember
liking it that's one I need to rewatch
it's a weird one the last time I saw a
life force was at like 2:00 in the
morning at B fests yeah and it you know
like it was that point in the night
where everyone was ready for sleep but
their brain you know they still wanted
to watch a movie so they put on life
force and who doggie my mother loved
horror movies I saw when I was a kid oh
man that would fuck you up
I saw it I saw you know close to when it
came out and then the second time a
second and only other time I saw it was
some time after Star Trek TNG was a
thing and it was just like holy shit
that's Patrick Stewart that's the guy
from life force
[Laughter]
probably should have been listening to
what he said
I assumed I'm supposed to go this way
probably should have been listening to
what he said it feels like it's time for
a platforming level because we've had a
lot of flight levels recently so I'm
gonna sear them as time to platform
but rabbit dang gas rabbit
no no Chet I have not seen the Frisco
kid the Frisco kid Harrison Ford and
gene Wilder that's interesting
I've not seen much as I like dark man if
I were to pick a review to do next yeah
for me and there's nothing there's
nothing in the works currently maybe
I'll bring it up it would be it would be
Big Trouble in Little China oh sure I I
think you know the only the only point
against that might be like how many John
Carpenter's movies ever done so far
doesn't matter how many have we done
that's what I'm trying to like so they
did the John Carpenter movie J and Josh
the the little scene John Carpenter
movie right which money the day I don't
remember the did they do the eyes of
Laura Mars or something I don't remember
don't say no no they did I don't know
that they have
dad please stop dying Jack it's probably
not gonna happen three more today you
see how this game works and you know I'm
supposed to run on that wall and grab
that ledge but the controls are are
finicky the controls are finicky and so
getting them to do what you want them to
do does not always work but at least I
can die in funny ways I can try besides
I have no problem with multiple John
Carpenter movies because he's done
multiple movies worthy review sure well
say oh yes I see escape from New York
they did
let's get from you note you know New
York is the only John Carpenter movie
that they've done really there you go I
am shocked by this news fuck the real
Vance is rich
since you like documentaries and James
Randi you should check out an honest
liar
it covers his start as a magician and
how he moved on to skepticism it's
really great I've already seen it yeah
it's good stuff good stuff yeah you seen
him yep yeah yeah fine documentary fuck
oh I feel so bad for that rabbit right
now you know every fucking baller in his
body right every fucking one know what
my problem is
yep okay I figured out what my problem
is I think I can I think I can fix it
now I don't think I'm holding down the
jump button like I should be you know
the one about the bear and rabbit taking
a shit in the woods man you can be
ripping off wrong dude what Eddie
Murphy's rum it's a joke straight out of
wrong oh you know this Eddie Murphy
deliberately told the simple joke that
people could get right when they went
home and retold this jokes at work the
next day nice did you hear it didn't hit
anything Joe goes like this did you hear
the one about the bearer and the rabbit
taking the shit in the woods it's barren
rabbit taking a shit in the woods and
Berger goes to the rabbit and says give
problem what shit sticking of your fur
and the rabbit goes no no I don't then
the bear wipes his ass with the rabbit
good joke
see it's not enough just to run on the
wall I also need to jump off of it to
get the height needed to make it to the
next ledge you think Jack would be the
bigger Roth family uh Rahl is like one
of the reasons I love Eddie Murphy's
stand up and all I've really seen if his
stand up is raw and delirious yet I love
to stand up Roz great you guys have
known me long enough to know how bad my
memory is I don't quote lines I don't
remember names I don't remember people
I've seen raw like everyone has seen
wrong this because I look at this
floating right because your your lightly
doing it before he does the animation is
that are you sure this is what you're
supposed to do that's a great question
that is a great question because right
it doesn't necessarily feel like I am
but it
you know those crab legs let's straight
above you it's just those scratch marks
are usually the indicator that you know
you okay I wonder what happens if I just
like try to run straight
it feels like I'm supposed to go there
and you have to keep the wall the wall
run closer to the ledge you gotta grab
good immune it seems like you're coming
off the wall but early maybe maybe you
got to still be running when you're
closer to the top well that's as long as
I can run I didn't I did not unholy you
know can you start the run later maybe
the rope bridge well I tried to jump it
on that once and it didn't really seem
to work yeah definitely not is there a
rope bridge on the other side now
yeah the rope bridge is definitely that
looks
yeah
maybe if I like yeah really no no no no
couldn't do that okay all right oh you
know trying stuff out right yeah Ryan it
out
no the call marks are always an
indicator of you know this is the thing
you're supposed to drinks all right oh
okay all right maybe you're right just
hit that hit it after the claw marks
nope ooh
can you can you can you jump run the
wall unlike the Reap Oh
like can you jump off of that thing in
front of and then while run again the
other way that will that help
oh maybe someone else no you start the
wall runner earlier it's definitely not
no dead didn't work definitely not that
didn't work oh you need that leg you
know the Greg doll really helps no I
have to get I have to get it the the
timing right where I run the wall and
then jump again dammit dammit
it's there guys it's there and I'm just
not getting it right and it is punishing
damn it that's not as somewhere here
right somewhere him
I agree shouldn't you shouldn't have to
try this that many times there's
something missing what's down that was
where I came from bounds where you came
from
yeah you know jack or rich are good at
games that's true
[Music]
call me call me when you have a perfect
no death running Dead Rising call me
when that happens motherfucker how about
a pause loose FTL victory
pause less FTL victory on normal
ah there is a legend underneath there is
a Ledge under me like there's this lunge
I don't know what this is what surface
this ledge serves like this way and yeah
see like yeah that's tough you can jump
from closer that didn't seem to work cuz
I mean you guys have been seeing this
whole game right you know it's not the
best which I told people about your know
death run and they did not believe that
there's there's video evidence it's all
on States hunty
I can't admit I don't I don't think so I
was you know crying just checking it off
the list checking it off the list rich
it's definitely this I'm just not doing
it right
okay if if I do this on my first shot
yeah are you gonna feel terrible
yes okay this is Jeff this is this is
for the embarrassment of all time do I
mean this one Jim do you want to trigger
or sorry bumper right bumper is jump
what's the wall run is just hold it down
you just hold the jump down I'll just
hold the jump down okay that's our
that's a feeling how does it feel of
course do it alright here we go
why is it bumper that's a great question
and you can see there's no remapping
alright that is not the solution so this
that is so not the solution one that
this there's something we're missing
right but it's like here it's close
enough word it has to be the solution
the chat and I know I didn't really
practice much but it's only funny if it
was like the first time I pick it up
right and then I do it that's the only
time that's funny some of the other side
don't think this is this doesn't feel
like it's in run up the first wall then
jump up the other wall what the fuck do
you think we've been trying to do man I
just want to know why bumpers jump
that's what it is
run up the fur you you want me just to
run straight up this wall and then jump
see like what happens I did you kick out
and go that way
Richard's on the right track with his
feeler run yeah like this is the right
track but then you did you saw where he
grabbed right yeah he did not grab the
legs I know I did it I know I don't feel
good about doing it I know I know but
don't fall look look right now you have
to worry about not falling also guys
that was the same shit that I've been
doing for the past hour I
[Music]
you guys also like nothing it kind of a
glitch grabbed just don't fuck up now or
it would be the worst thing ever if I
have to row if I have to redo that I
will be slightly upset
oh wait you landed a water you should be
fine ELISA starting you from there yeah
we got past the part that's good
dang it we turn that don't highlight
just every time it fails just like a
super cut like few times where you try
and do it it's not working first oh sure
sure and then we just do a clip that's
just series of every fail on that jump
yeah and then the one that works yeah
yeah we're gonna do it yeah okay that's
now where I'm supposed to go not up
there
you're at the top you did it yeah where
do I go now you know you go anyway
you're done look up other side what are
you coming up here for in the first
place
how's the stupid story shit that I
wasn't paying attention to maybe you're
supposed to stand there maybe the story
things you up stand there and find your
joy when i when i respawned it had me
looking at that thing are you supposed
to stand there and look at your Chi 3
flips
wow the auto-saves they're kind of
generous I'll take I'll take it
madam says hey guys
FCC is trying to kill net neutrality
again you may only have a couple of
weeks to speak out please
let this dream know about battle for the
Netcom it allows easy access to your
Congressman oh great okay there you go I
know very little about this lace push
apparently they're always trying some
new shit that says $2 for the fun
reminder of mr. president that was the
best 30 minute block of my day so far
oh that Mister like not doing the mr.
president level yeah that was fucked
again maybe he didn't grab on
lucky other other than that one awkward
bit this doesn't seem that bad no it's I
mean it's it's not good but no it's not
bad yeah who would build their city up
there who the fuck would do that only
the best rabbit can get up my to my city
that keeps us fucking dogs out
only the true rabbit this game is
perfect of you're into platformers with
awful controls it's not it's not the
worst it's not the worst platformer I've
ever platformed it's not the best stay
with the combat it's like and not the
wastes not the best what's weird about
it is this rabbit jumps awkwardly far
like than what you would normally be
used to yes and it looks like there's a
lot of jumps you don't think you would
ever be able to make that in this game
you can yeah and he has a really like
floaty jump just right off the edge Jack
one two three four five six except
all right I turn to your right just just
just go for it and it all check and it
all I believe I can fly I believe I can
touch the sky awesome guys
don't get kicked off that lunch jack
whatever you do don't get kicked off
that lunch
okay came on boys see how he likes it
hello stupid story yeah this game seems
dated to you it could be because it
apparently took them nine years to make
so at the time this was conceived this
was the modern shit oh this was the
hotness
Hey
now I'm getting ready to call it that's
me cool that would be great Wow look fun
trying to find a good depth to end down
here or a victory you'd end up with a
victory yeah sure which I would like to
hear your honest opinion of this game I
haven't played it I don't know how the
controls feel yeah I don't know how to
combat feels it doesn't look like the
best thing ever
nope are you done yep alright and it's
not really it's not the worst thing ever
but not the best thing ever you know
it's kind of unimpressive for like for
me it's just one of those games that has
been in the peripheral of my radar for
four years and so it was out now and
it's like oh I should finally fucking
check that out you know like if three
people made it it's amazing it's an
amazing achievement it might have been
three or four it might have been three
that's pretty impressive
all right now is the point of the stream
in which we thank all the people who
came out to our stream much like power
fantasy who has subscribed to us for 13
months in a row and power fantasy says
hi gents hello hi TC Brady 1 3 3 M tilt
who says hi
Jurgis 101 says Jack and rich except my
steam friend request goddamnit my
friends list is full you've missed the
boat my friend so is mine I'm sorry
every once in a while I'll purge and
I'll try to pick up as many people as
the Kim cos / says one month already
feels like an eternity yeah yeah purple
space bazooka up for thirty three
fucking months and roses hey guys thanks
for all you do happy birthday to you
rich very rich hope it feels great take
care and keep on being awesome do it
rich be awesome I've never been awesome
yet why should I start now
silver 177 Pfeiffer's gold whoa Mike one
two three four who says I know two
months isn't special but I view it as
the start of something great can't wait
to see your fun streams in the coming
months thanks rich and Jack I mean you
know just hey I can't wait to see your
streams just you know don't put that
kind of expectations on it maybe
Garfunkel for 13 months in a row aim is
they'll punch back Jack for 29 fucking
months in a row riot crew for 40
motherfucking months in a row
who says hi jack and rich I'm going to
recommend no.1 404 one last time because
you can grow coffee as a trade good
ninth night talking
talking why settle for a coffee farm
when you can have a coffee Empire nice
also happy early be days of rich hey
super saiyan go Khun okay
ooby dooby Scooby dooby dooby
Hogman the intruder nice Naru k-- Ben
who says happy belated birthday rich
please accept more free Amazon money for
your present will do can you say hi to
my brother Noah for me thanks boys I
know uh what's with your stupid
millennial name Noah
I know I'm just kidding yeah you didn't
get to choose your name oh yeah but like
if you're old enough maybe think about
changing it cuz it's kind of stupid you
how many boat jokes and how's that work
I imagine someone named Noah hears a lot
of boat jokes hey it comes Noah all his
friends following two by two well it
seems pretty clear to me no
coax Jack who says whoa four whole
months now it's the same as my height in
millimeters all right Chet Chet
I know I know as a biblical name but
it's a biblical name nobody named their
children until a few years ago not love
no one knows well now there's nobody
know there's nobody know our age no not
our age yeah under us yes under us yeah
I'm saying Noah as a name yeah in
America is a recent phenomena yeah they
would you know like I think our
generation was all new Testament and
then they used them all up so they went
all right that's right
yeah maybe a couple Eli's I'm not saying
it's a terrible name we're just poking a
little bit of fun Zeek
Ezekiel everybody Ezekiel's oh I don't
fucking know they're all weird a badass
name
Ezekiel you could never live up to that
name no one ever could
here's my accountant is he cute does he
have like a battle-axe yeah no but but
you know what he's really good at
collating paperwork and fairly efficient
also none okay guys he water skis see
keel sounds like a cult leader right
that's a cult leader yeah but it's not
gonna be it's gonna be someone who works
in HR hey everybody is everybody gonna
come to the come to the team-building
meeting as it all does Ikki will be
there they would just call him Zeek
right and Musique the name would be sure
to Zig fairly quickly
you can't shorten Noah hey no you know I
can't do that no is your name that's
what you're stuck with there's no short
form of that shit no uh Costra K s C
Irishman 36 says r.i.p Visceral Games
yay kill laugh another one I hate them
so much
yeah if they were doing bad enough to
have EA bomb in the first place they
were probably on their deathbed right I
don't know I don't know like it's
probably pretty rare that like a super
popular and successful thing cell you
know like sells itself to something else
dr. Gunter who to hanker for twenty
three fucking months in a row and dr.
guter hooter anchor says I know I was
critical of the overlay but this
iteration is is beautiful
I know fathers copy I'm glad you enjoyed
cool traitor like MB MC Lucas for 40
motherfucking months in a row
MC Lucas says blood-borne has its hooks
in me again so I was wondering would he
want to see blood-borne two or a new IP
from from software me personally I love
all the souls born games but the best
three games are the nonce equals
something futuristic would be cool their
art style though works so well for
ancient whores a spaceman who's on a
planet full of aims you know I'm into
talented they could probably make it
work yeah you know what blood-borne -
I'm okay with new IP I'm okay with let
that they've earned enough free will for
me let them do what they do their
character designs are good enough I'd be
willing to give them the benefit of the
doubt if they wanted to change
absolutely completely and go in space so
if anything the data shows that they
consistently make decent things yeah go
go ahead from software you do you don't
you want to do next from software do
what you would like to do me Mario Mario
42 for 40 motherfucking months in a row
says Mario Mario 42 the big four Oh jack
any plans thoughts on watching new Magic
School Bus on Netflix with your kids as
I'm
man in my mid-20s I thought it was
pretty decent my kids are probably a
little too old for Magic School Bus at
this point are they I think so what I
don't know what ages Magic School Bus
educational and general that's some
science shit I could I could I could
watch some classic Magic School Bus
right now and I was too old for it at
the time sure I would enjoy it well I I
guess that's like the question is not
whether or not it's appropriate for them
is whether or not they would want to sit
down and watch it they they might be too
young for it it's I think you're wrong
about them being too old I I'm not sure
they were I'd be like hey kids
want to watch some Magic School Bus
thing you know is what I would assume
trip try it it's good it's good there's
some good science and that we're good
educational shit for kids you just try
to limit their screen time as much as
possible don't get beyond books a lot of
books maybe some games every once in a
while
dark dark matter for 27 fucking months
in a row says Leroy Jenkins goddamnit
Leroy new camper 89 a major challenge
quinces omni AK who says this game
reminds me that novelty has gotten
really old and stale okay Hugh Jazz's
for 12 months in a row says last night
the Houston Rockets celebrated a blowout
victory against the Golden State
Warriors in an exhilarating opening
night of NBA basketball you'd think
they'd experienced enough blowouts this
year jerks
okay Dubey sandwich who says I'm six
months in and I'm at a loss of words and
then several asterisks ellipses did you
supposed to have a pause you don't say
that wait
five six seven there's a lot 10 11 12 13
14 the salon period that's 20 ellipses
the ellipses are the three periods right
so then 20 times 3 so we're looking at
60 you ruined it by talking for the
whole thing no but that's that the joke
is there's a pause well the I pause and
then you say see you next month I paused
with words that doesn't make any sense
Magnus PU for thirty three fucking
months in a row farmer Phipps
ww one two three four five six seven
eight nine one zero that says hey have
you guys seen Berry Gordy's The Last
Dragon it's my favorite movie show
enough yes participants there's another
one where it's been ages sure since I've
seen it many ages I couldn't tell you
much about it
Sydney the lawyer says hey guys thanks
for all the streams they are a wonderful
break from long law school study
sessions keep it up will do
great great laggin wagon rim job for
twelve months in a row vx 1 3 5 for 16
months in a row Ben Vereen valves or Ark
space camo for 37 motherfucking months
in a row whoo Ozzie Baxter who says
thanks for all the entertainment boys
grw 300 says great entertainment guy
which one which one is it
bruiser Inc for thirteen months in a row
and low Tom who says samus is jealous of
that wabbit space jumps
and space jump probably is she probably
what these get all the jumps and jams