Episode 879
Untitled Space Quest 2 Stream (Part 1)
October 23, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZtCZXxbQMFo
___________________________________________

I'm ready for a game nobody else gives
you shit about famous people want this
rich okay is everybody ready we're gonna
we're gonna wait until P I see that
people see that we're live
wait did something just happen nothing
is happening we're lying I think we're
good here we go hey there you go
epic epic look at that
chapter to face quests hi everybody
bow holes revenge shape of a house
it's so realistic looking this is this
is my jam back in the day I just love
the Space Quest games I really enjoyed
that first one 1 2 & 3 are my shit well
there we go
well good cuz we're playing it we're
fuckin playing it oh shit
god dammit what what's wrong
everything's going to shit our way what
happen
Oh because I didn't turn it watcher but
I remembered I remembered now but
there's a few names I'm gonna scramble
with you right and for 13 months in a
row hometown markup for 38 motherfucking
months in the in a row we got this we
got this one all right anyway cuz why
not and this time it's lupus for twenty
four fucking months a neurosis the Bears
win the Packers lose boy oh boy but a
great weekend so far to my great joy I
hope you don't take me to task if I'm so
bold to ask what's the next rlm release
don't be coy also cars are scary thank
you for subscribing
tyreq the ancient 422 fucking months in
row thank you for subscribing I forgot
to turn on the torture the torture is on
now but I just want to make sure we
catch all these people yeah before
before we get too late into it there we
go so now back to space quest oh no
we're gonna read the intro you gonna
restart dardo where you start over
fucking start over King start hey rich
yeah how's your day been how's your week
all right how's it you know great
birthday week everything's been ok yeah
watch my dad sister that's nice that's
nice the sister who currently lives in
Scotland's gonna be visiting next month
today's got a dice roll see her then
I knew they worked out left chapter 2
whoa howls revenge that almost looks
like like revenge revenge my day's been
going rather well we kind of pumpkins
today that sounds nice we went to the
pumpkin farm yesterday and today we
carved them I got some hot pumpkin
carving tips coming up but first we got
over as you will recall in our last
chapter
you had just foiled the vissarion's
fiendish plot to rule the galaxy by
using the star generator as their weapon
of destruction you became a hero by
saving countless lives and returning the
star generated technology into safe
hands life was beautiful I've really
thought that was gonna go by faster
sorry yeah I understand I understand I
know this is awkward I was reading
really fast there but heroes come and go
and people soon forget
your celebrated hero dumb slowly fades
leaving you once again a janitor the
promotion to head janitor was no
consolation especially since you are the
only member of the janitorial staff nor
was the transfer to orbital station for
sweating like a pork beast in the
pressure suit while relocating space
debris in zero-gravity just wasn't your
idea of a good time life sucks
again right place
xenon orbital station four what exactly
is a pork Beast that's like a nuke job
[Music]
it's like it's like a it's like an
artificial being meant to you know okay
oh here we go
welcome aboard sauce for two logon for
duty please enter your name below
updating characters I mean do we
remember what my last character was
called I don't I don't might have just
been Jack did I just named him Jack
Hager stream our streams were simpler
back then right do we name someone in
the chat Roger Wilco that's the name of
the character oh sure
what what did I name them before Sonny
Bonds is so inappropriate for the Roger
Wilco character for Space Quest
let's just be Roger Wilco then let's
just be Roger alright well we'll
roleplay Roger Wilco orbital station
four is one of many orbiting Zenon your
home planet it is a transfer point for
travelers seeking transportation to the
various planets in the air nan system as
we begin this chapter of your story we
find you Roger Wilco ace janitor doing
what you do best being a janitor
first rule of these games safe will just
start now how do you do that again a
beep emanates from your wristwatch you
release your grip on the broom oh wait
no bro the broom floats away never to be
used again oh that makes this the third
one this week why do your boss finds out
how do I say it again if why is it I
find from these there you go
okay on which this yeah oh god I hope we
didn't need that broom could I have
grabbed it and I don't I'm not sure you
never know you never know jack just save
it it's fine it's fine
there's no way when get the broom back
now anyway I'm gonna shit
due to an obvious lack of common sense
you have stepped off the edge lost your
magnetic grip on the ship and drifted to
your death
an other senseless tragedy you can help
prevent this vote YES on the bottom E's
for adventure game designers thank you
for playing space quest - Roger Wilco
you've been most entertaining what
happened I died I went after my broom
broom off into space I missed it
how do i how do I go back now look the
same I don't know seven seven gobbly
gook says gay space quest - so it rained
the other day made me wonder if the
world flooded rich and a space Ark left
the planet but crazy Noah 2.0 only let
animals on what animal would you be
disguised as rich you can walk up walls
no gravity and walk it on the ceiling
man look at that gotta go get another
broom
figure it out figured it out everyone
what animal I don't know yeah yeah I
guess an elephant because then you'd
sneak more people in or I can also sneak
guns in I could kill no a 2.0 slaughter
the animals keep some for food and then
let a bunch of people on the ark you
would let on the people on the iron
people I like look around this is the
airlock chamber from here you can gain
extra vehicular access spare suits hang
on the back walls some lockers are
mounted on the side wall so what are you
thinking just looking just looking at
shit probably gonna probably go to the
locker
Chadd check the AC wants to know if we
can go on the ark have you tipped you
see I'm just saying out there God when
the clerk's probably has a spot on the
ark
[Laughter]
okay read the things
oh sorry sorry I just got to an
appointment we have to read the things
no locket oh sorry you go you the
lockers are all closed and there is
nothing too interesting about them open
Locker look inside search Locker search
Locker look in locker look in Locker you
bravely pier to the locker to find a
cubics room puzzle and your athletic
supporter take take what do they call it
a cubics room just take cube try take
cube okay and take supporter okay great
all right now we got a cube and an
athletic supporter I dare a dare we say
say that say the fucking fucking hell
fucking hell
at five f5 save Oh - for fun for fun
what happens when you without the suit
when you walk on the pad you know it's
goodness oh I know what's gonna happen
no there we go yeah no oh come on
oh please quest Oh like it's just the
right spot I'm just going all the way up
no I am let down used used to look at
floor I don't know
the floor looks average nothing for the
non-stationary disk in the middle which
is composed of two halves of the airlock
port which is currently closed okay wait
just open port that doesn't seem to be
the correct action in this case right
try use airlock and then I'm done use
air lock all right oh it's not gonna
happen oh I thought they were ready for
some fun praying mantis guy up front oh
is that Lobot on the right on the right
maybe who's Lobot and the guy in Empire
or what thing around his head the robot
thing oh maybe let's see here it's about
time you got in here Roger Wilco head
for the shuttle bay on the double I'm
warning you you're on your last leg
around here bud one more screw-up
Andy I history he then orders the
transportation officer to send you
directly to the shuttle bay and nowhere
else until the job has been completed
look around you are in the
transportation control room of the
orbital station the room is abuzz with
activity as technicians monitors offs
for operations a pneumatic transport
tube is accessible from the walkway
above so I guess we want to go there
yeah
I'm a real nun of a sense I know you
fellas don't give a fuck about
recommendations not really but all about
ghost master for spooky season it's a
2003 puzzle strategy game where you
command ghost to haunt people lots of
movie stuff okay
yeah you know we had a little fun with
that uh that comped the house terror
town very little we I'm said we had a
little fun a little fun we've not been
overly concerned with the spooky this
this Halloween we really haven't been
I'm fine with that
the blue Prizm says yes give me dead
sweets we'd Space Quest yeah yeah you
know it's been a while since we've done
all these and I'm excited to play the
second chapter in the saga in the saga
you are in the orbital station shuttle
bay a shuttle fresh from a passenger
drop-off on Zenon is refueling for its
next trip a pneumatic transport tube is
accessible from the walkway a refueler
replenishes the shuttle supply I needed
to go here right what did I ask you they
asked me to go here I'll go in the ship
maybe there's something to do in the
ship you enter the shuttle and start
sniffing around for the mess you must
clean you are surprised to find that the
shuttle is not empty there are two
extremely ugly suckers walking towards
you hey what the your favorite expletive
here wow what a whack Bink your protest
is cut shortest to interstellar ruffians
proceeded to thump you unconscious
everything fades dumb dumb dumb rich the
time passes more time passes
a strange dream turns into the
realization that you are being shaken
and talked to by a voice unfamiliar to
you a dull ache triggers a distant
memory of a scuffle in which you were
the focal point upon awakening from your
forced rest it becomes quite apparent
that you aren't in Kansas at Xenon
anymore you find that you are being held
upright and under physical restraint
from both sides by you guess T as you
try to struggle free you notice that
your hands are tied behind your back as
the eyes dial into focus you make out an
oddly disfigured being seated before you
a sagging mass of flesh that appears to
have been human at one time tubes and
wires extend from his body leading to
machines which keep him alive suddenly
his visions his village stirs and he
begins to speak well well we have a nice
nap I thought we would have to resort to
a drastic measure to wake you oh well
welcome to my humble Fortress Roger
Wilco
the names vole halt sludge full hall
I was the genius behind the star
generator what it was still in the
concept stages it was to be my ultimate
war weapon till some sissy prance
scientist decided it would be better you
saving lives rather than destroying them
oh what a waste of technology excuse me
if I sound bitter
jackass anyway you ruined my Syrian
operation I was going to use the star
generator to magazine on pay for what
they did to me they were going to know
my wrath in a big way around you've
somehow managed to change all that
oh I suppose I should have known better
and used those metal midgets Ariens
that's not the point however you are
responsible and you shall pay
besides I have another plan and you'll
not be around to foil at Roger Wilco I
have devised a plan so horrible so
frightening so diabolical that no one
will be able to stop me
observe my latest creation I intend to
infest your planet with thousands of
these genetically engineered
door-to-door life insurance salesmen I
will at last reap sweet revenge from the
scientific community that mocked and
ridiculed me oh come on the wrath of
door-to-door life insurance salesmen yes
Oh Sierra games my plan was to kill you
but I've had a change of heart huh Greg
he pairs down at the hoses protruding
from his chest and connected to a
life-support system forgive me I'm a
kidder you know you know kid oh boy I
decided I will get much more enjoyment
watching you suffer my associates will
escort you to the service of lobbying
where you'll perform many painful hours
of manual labor in my mines be seeing
you ha ha ha an injection renders you
unconscious your drug to carcass is
loaded onto a shuttle upon reviving you
look through the viewing port this Evo
hauls massive asteroid fortress getting
smaller be you
that isn't definitely not a Star Wars
landing pad Planet of the Apes
characters nope definitely not after
touching down on a giant landing
platform you are unassured you are
ushered to a hovercraft waiting to
transport you to the mining site utter
despair sets in save oh shit can you
what's going on nothing okay okay
I can't move
can't I can't do anything all right the
entire game is just this
you one look out now
wait something's happening oh I was
doing this who's got a monkey voice I
don't I'm trying to think of what they
sounded like in Planet of the Apes like
very sure yes or no but they are from
had much my free country couldn't really
talk oh great I suppose we're out of
fuel
way to go golf breath don't blame me it
was your time to fill up you're always
forgetting to do it wait till the master
finds out you'll be hey don't talk to me
that way you slime bucket I filled it up
last time dip the argument between the
two guards is cut short as gravity
reasserts itself good thing that guard
broke your fall he doesn't look too
happy about it though now we should save
f5 crane hand crisis the space kes the
Space Quest games are among my favorite
games as a kid 3 is the best but 4 is
also fucking amazing
thanks for playing this you fucks these
games of class fucking classic hey fight
for space bazooka says evening guys man
this latest mess of fact game has taken
a weird retro turn anyway here's five
dollars for the Halloween candy of your
choice
speaking of which hello speaking of
which Halloween candy is your favorite
thanks uh tiny Crunch Bars tiny Reese's
peanut butter cups okay III would hurt
someone for those you know not like the
full-size cups which I also love but the
the mini sized Reese's peanut butter
cups like I would take those actually I
will trade you all on my peanut butter
cups for all of your mini Crunch Bars
that's a deal
okay
that's a fucking deal okay I just looked
around okay you seem to be in a rather
exotic forest the growth here is unlike
anything you are used to on the ground
lies the wreckage of the hover crash you
crashed into hovercraft
you crashed in it nearby are the bodies
of your former captures okay so then we
will search a body
let's call nice call you search the
grotesque body and find a small thin
magnetic card it looks like a keycard
you seem to recall seeing my seen one
somewhere in the past
oh my god there's a guy there's a
there's a thing search crash search pod
everything inside is twisted and bent
you do notice a button with a flashing
light next to it it seems to be emitting
a high-pitched beep there's another body
there too right oh maybe there two
monkeys you press the button the light
goes dark and you no longer notice the
high-pitched beep I hope we didn't need
that what I'm assuming is I saw a little
guy pop his head up in the bushes and I
think that beep is what like would have
drawn him to us ok ok but we also have
our save stay right before them yes this
is why you save constantly in these
games you never know where they're gonna
get you I'm gonna go towards that guy to
see if Oh Anna died what happened I fell
on a pit ah yeah you fallen to the
bottom of a concealed pit you might have
survived the fall had you not come in
contact with the several 30 centimeter
long spikes planted vertically along the
bottom of the pit that sucks
that's why we save constantly at these
games kind of yes it is another
senseless tragedy you can help prevent
this vote yes part of the fun is the
funny ways you can die sure g-shot says
hi guys they're talking about pulling
blade runner from the theaters early due
to low ticket sales going to a 10:00
p.m. showing tonight waste of money
anyway thanks for all the fun streams I
haven't seen it I don't I don't care
enough I'm sorry
and you know the the tough part is I
really do want to see it and I still
haven't gotten around to seeing it if
it's bombing which it is you pull it
from the theaters because it's costing
you money to have it in the theaters I'm
not gonna talk Karen to go to see a
three-hour long movie and I don't care
enough to really try hard to talk Karen
into going to see it so over over the
weekend Lisa and I were looking for
someone to watch yeah maybe there's new
shows maybe some yeah and she goes hey
I'm very interested in seeing the new
Blade Runner okay and I said that's
great because she's a big fan of sci-fi
yeah and I was like awesome me - let's
find a time dude and she's like tonight
why don't we watch the original and I
was like fuck yeah uh-huh
cuz I fucking love Blade Runner uh-huh
she's seen it before but she's like the
you know just has a refresher you know
like we watched it back in the day of
course but just as a refresher we hit a
little hiccup because the Blade Runner
on the itunes store is the theatrical
cut and you know anything about the
different cuts of Blade Runner the
theatrical cuts is the one that featured
all of the voiceover which is the only
thing that gives that movie any kind of
flavor fuck you it's what makes it
unbearable it rips all of the atmosphere
out of the movie and all we hear is dumb
explanations it's so awful and so in the
first five minutes we're just like this
is the wrong version we have we
eventually find the right version on
Amazon Amazon has the the final cut
which is very nice
that version is unwatchable the
theatrical case the narration at least
made the movie feel like a science
fiction noir detective film incorrect
how would you like it if in your science
fiction films they took they stopped the
movie and took time to explain every
little thing the style of a noir
detective movie in that sense I didn't
mind the narration it gave me something
to latch on do that I found interesting
other than the visuals which everybody
admits are beautiful but I missed the
narration just because I like oh like a
detective movie like then but it like it
didn't even it just seemed to be too
much even for a detective movie they
just were shoving it in everywhere
fucking everywhere so anyway so we
started a little bit later than we
thought because we got like 10 minutes
into this version realize it was the
wrong cut found the right cut started
watching it and she fell asleep 20
minutes into the movie she she she fell
asleep we still have it's the best movie
it's the best movie of all time it's a
it is a very good movie I stand by Blade
Runner after seeing it again recently I
fucking stand by it it's solid its
atmospheric the story is admittedly very
light but it's just it's just a world
that you can live in for a little bit
enough fucking love it did you order to
get the keycard dude I did get the
keycard okay what I'm wondering is if
well if we should try to not press the
button this time I don't think I do with
the pit no now the pit but watch those
bushes in the back look at look at
bushes well let's look around okay
the bushes seem to be composed of leaves
and small branches nothing interesting
about them people are saying no you
didn't get the card you did the first
time a known take card okay okay well I
apparently I missed it this time look at
pod the hovercraft it didn't reduce -
benefit of happy somebody it's sorry for
being such a pest about this but thank
you thank you thank you for playing
space quest - you guys Rock yes we can
welcome I mean it's about time that you
guys understand how much we Rock
crane hen Christ does have fun
navigating the maze I know I know
listen bullshit yeah isn't one there's
one especially bullshit segment in this
that isn't even a puzzle it's just
tedious and annoying and yeah let's see
let's go this way let's see what happens
if we go this way wait wait wait wait
wait let's save try going the try going
right again but this time don't walk on
the area where the pit was is there
another pool I was gonna go up to the
bushes okay well just just go in that
area just avoid the specific area you
fell in okay can you can you look at
ground does it see the pit is there
anything we can do with the pit the
ground gets soiled
let's check out those bushes green hand
crosses this is going to be light
but finally rich is wrong when Jack is
right Blade Runner is amazing the new
one is even better this is the only time
you guys can be with me because Blade
Runner is an amazing movie it's seeing
it now because it's been a few years
since I've seen it and seeing it now I
realize how light of a story it has like
the stories is nothing it's only like
you know a detective is looking for
people he finds people done it's very
light enhance enhance navigate the
section 47 to 1/8 and he enhanced and
here's the thing rich we get we get a
sense of the world's technologies
without some awful ass voiceover to
quadrant 1 this is a photo can enhance
enhances we have the technology to look
at small details and pictures and
rotates and hands degrees is that
interesting enhance ok rich every
problem you have with the original is
improved upon in 2048 and 2049 I sure
I've heard that I'm still not in a rush
to go see it and I I don't know that I
want to sit in the theater for three
hours just to see it and give it a shot
I'll probably watch it when it's
available at home no I did you even you
know reading any of those
your save right before it's not a big
deal
[Music]
hey no you just got to do some stuff
over again I know we're going to check
body look at body but you say if after
you do this stuff well I cuz I wasn't
sure about the beeping whether or not
the beating was a good idea but I guess
I always have safe for to go back to pre
beep take true-blue review says I am the
only one in my office family and a group
of friends who seemed the new Blade
Runner now you hacks haven't seen it
either what is it about this movie that
keeps people not wanting to see it the
original in my case the original oh
here's what I will say about the
advertising and about everything it
doesn't look like a terribly like it
doesn't look like a movie that you must
see right now I will be perfectly happy
seeing this on video on demand in a
couple months this bombing though well
it it won't make anybody excited to do a
slow-moving sci-fi movie that's not just
blow up all of the things that is bad
that is true and that is bad yeah but
you know none I can do about that you
can see it you could go see it that's it
that's one thing it's not gonna help you
could see it rich
all right this time I'm not gonna get
eaten by the mushrooms look at mush room
aside from their enormous size they
appear to be your average garden-variety
mushrooms we know that's not true
because they eat me so we stay away from
them this time the foliage here is much
too dense for you to pass through all
right over here the foliage here is must
too dense for you to pass through well
shit let's try going up here doo doo doo
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
there's gotta be something you do with
the mushroom stupid you think well maybe
not now maybe need something later
they'll be lovely some payoff
they're not just there all right I have
a puzzle I have a dialect translator I
have a supporter and I have a key card
okay they're saying we can yeah that's
true we can turn the speed up higher so
we walk faster but that might bite us in
the ass if we run into some time to
puzzles yeah
[Music]
something I can do anything over here
right now dududu wildlife industry says
our LM fan from the beginning thanks for
making all that sweet tent tent tot like
comment like like we're making the Conte
I get it
ten I get it great oh shit rich I can
suddenly from somewhere to the east you
hear a swing followed by a high pitched
shriek okay I guess we're going east I
guess we're going east junkie says has
there been any talk at Harlem of doing a
review on the Matrix films I know two
and three get a lot of crap but I think
they'd make an interesting discussion
I'd know not really
look look at man a little creature
caught in the snare has thick looking
pinkish skin he looks to be less than a
meter tall he doesn't seem too thrilled
with this predicament nothing that was
spying on you
oh maybe talk talk to uh talk to man he
doesn't respond you have a translator
right it's amazing how much of this I
don't remember so I don't feel bad
helping you because I don't really know
yeah I remembered a ton of space quest
one okay well we need so we need to find
a way to cut the rope to get our friend
down here look around look around there
all right look at rock rocks in this
area all gray and fairly rounded there
appears to be nothing of etravel what
they said specifically fairly rounded
what does that mean you can't cut the
rope with a stone Oh gotcha good yeah
I was like wait did I miss something but
yeah they said nope these rocks are not
interesting I wonder if I could like
climb the tree can I walk up the tree oh
I can go behind the tree
look behind tree try look around when
you're behind the tree okay look at tree
look at tree yes yo you see before you a
tree thanks game I have a suggestion I
don't know that it's a good one okay
what again climb the tree and untie the
Rope okay I don't know like can I just
type in client Ryan alright climb tree
this tree is coated with a thin slimy
film making it on climb aboard
damn you Sierra you thought of
everything on fucking climb of all all
right well excuse me a little monkey
friend we're gonna go look for a way to
get you out of this tree little hobbit
this is gonna be Bilbo oh I have my
supporter which is like you know that'll
have an elastic band on it I have a
keycard and that's about it that's
that's what I got we need some more shit
in our inventory rich nope not that way
it's got big way to give this guy a good
way to get this guy down right now you
think I don't know mister what maybe not
right now but I mean hold on here's what
I'm gonna try grab
and you really aren't attracted to and
say what and free the little man free
man freed the little man
Oh free the little man I get it you're
too far away oh wait maybe I'm just not
close enough to him Oh three men I was
in front of the bush yeah is what's
going on before disappearing through a
tiny hole in the brush the little
creature gives you a long glance hey
you're welcome
what's in the hole can we do anything
with a hole look at hole safe before
something pulls us through the hole and
eats us save oh six boom
do-do-do-do kitty 0:01 says there's only
two more streams and spook month will
you please play some spooky games and
Friday the 13th doesn't count rich you
fuck since you play it all the time oh
well that was it that's nice rookie game
what why don't you start up your own
stream and play all the spoopy games you
want that's true yeah you could do that
you could you could you could you don't
even need to wait do it October about
all year long spooky yes boobies boobies
boobies boobies oh you can call this
boobies boop boop stream and that could
be your name spewpa spewpa it would be
great and you know what maybe it would
be great I'm just not feeling it this
year I know last year I was feeling a
little bit a lot of spooky games this
yeah I just don't really care that much
okay can't go that way
how about this way for no particular
reason I also just kind of felt like a
little space quest little space quest
time
oh hello thing look this is another
clearing in an otherwise heavily wooded
area over the forest there is a plateau
near the back look at thing what do you
mean I need to be closer look at device
what is it the game calling it Wow
the game's not calling it anything look
what happens when you look around I type
oh I understand that I understand that
okay this is what it says this is
another clearing in an otherwise heavily
wooded area of the forest there is a
plateau where you look at plateau PLA T
EA you yeah you flat EA you plat EA you
it is like the other areas only raised a
little a mailbox sits up there alright
look at box the mailbox looks typical
for a mailbox there is a slot a tray and
a sign read sign the sign says radical
Express when it totally no doubt for
sure has to be a while has to be there a
while previously asked me there before
you sent it oh my God look a slot the
slot looks much like an opening to
experiment works though for which a thin
piece of mail might pass all right we
search the Linux search box so search
box that does not compute search mailbox
search mail box that does not compute
how about open slot that seems to be the
correct action in this case Korean hen
Christ I'm reading your tip and we know
to save constantly and I've been telling
Jack the same constant like I've been
saving constantly a tray oh here we go
look at tray the tray is actually a
small indentation on the lower part of
the machine it is currently empty okay
okay so we're gonna probably have to
mail something at some point right be my
guess all right well great but chance
sometimes saving in a Sierra game can
screw you because if you save after
you're doing something you shouldn't
have done or after missing something
that you need it can it can come back
and kick you in the nuts right and you
know obviously danger could be around
any
corner but I wasn't feeling anything too
dangerous at the mailbox we're gonna
look over here now that you were in
another clearing in the forest this one
seems to be occupied by a type of growth
you are not familiar with so now I'm
gonna save ya
this looks like an area to save the fuck
out of this is the annoying part
you see what's going on here
I do yeah let's see exactly what to do
shit I see exactly what to do and if you
step on any of the things you're fucked
right I can do this stop
oh stop and say oh my god that's that
safes come on a whole nother yep I love
it I am the god of safes come good
you've succeeded in establishing contact
with one of the planets life-forms and
it looks like he'll get to examine it up
close and personal the giant root lookin
thing is giving you a guided tour of its
digestive system hey what do you
experience next is too horrible to
describe let's just say that you die as
a result you are dead
trust me it may please you to know that
during the night you didn't digest well
for a while gastric distress made it
extremely unpopular with the other root
monsters they're saying that you made
the root monster fart what's the joke
there that's the joke all right all
right rich I'm down I'm down with your
save scum tactic
stop save oh wait
part one technically in some way part
two fuck load den wait don't wait just
f7 done I did this when I was a kid sure
and it was this annoying stop up top
okay yeah yeah so now it's too you know
you need to making our way downtown
alright walking all right hi this jack
oh no thanks ambarisa that was ambry
shit with credit card services uh-huh
did you need to give them your credit
card information immediately I'm sure
I'm sure
also also they need my social security
number and and a personalized four digit
PIN code you know like a four digit PIN
code that you would use often doing
great I've never gotten one of those
it's not horrible
what because somebody credit card
services call oh well and you know what
a lot of times it's not a scam what it
usually is is like just trying to get
you to sign up for an other credit card
yeah and so they'll be like you know
where we're with your credit card and we
found a way to save you money like on
your bill and then eventually turns into
it's actually it's a whole different
credit card and we're not really with
your credit card yeah yeah
Oh what
I'm not too far true blue review says
also about 20 49 but director denis
villeneuve yes good bye it's marketing
that is considered to be spoiler free is
the problem that people prioritize
prioritize guarantee ting entertainment
over being spoiled
no maybe people didn't want to see a
three-hour slow moving science fiction
film a sequel to a movie that had a cold
following to begin with that's true
that's true you know what I saw the
advertisement for a rival a slow-moving
science fiction movie yeah that I was so
down for her right
I saw the eye I think the problem with
the advertising for Blade Runner is it
focused too hard on new Blade Runner oMG
it's more than Harrison Ford he's an old
man now Ryan Gosling it's new Blade
Runner whereas like if you would have
told me I don't know anything about the
story maybe I'd be excited give me
something like the first one there is
nothing to the story it's just vistas
vistas vistas that is the story the
story of Blade Runner pieces pieces
vistas all beautiful vistas enhance it's
a simple it's a simple story but you you
could market that story a Blade Runner
is a cop or you know as a private
investigator that hunts and droids down
that's all you need right that's all you
need
wrong again rich everybody why is it
half the stories I hear about people
watching Blade Runner is stories about
them falling asleep it's out here here's
the thing are y'all ready are y'all
ready for me to drop a truth bomb on
everyone is everybody ready for this
truth um I love Blade Runner uh I will
defend Blade Runner it's a boring movie
now I defend it and I love it and I
think it's brilliant it's a boring movie
and that's okay
we should never never be upset when
someone doesn't like Blade Runner you
can understand why they don't I need to
Google Blade Runner falling asleep
stories that's gotta be a thing that
exists right series of stories it's like
people watching Blade Runner for the
first time in falling asleep it's just
it's it's just like a tumblr dedicated
to people collecting people's stories
yeah yeah I gave up with Blade Runner
multiple times you know so does this
mean you like Star Trek the motion
picture as well people tend to fall
asleep to that film - maybe look I'm not
saying I'm a teen I never even said that
the Motion Picture Star Trek the motion
picture was a flawless gem it has no
flaws I think I remember you saying that
multiple times rich its slow-moving and
I like it but I held my interest and I
never fell asleep during it I have never
been able to make it through a full
viewing of Blade Runner
oh fuck I'm so close
I did it
I did it look at Bush all the bushes
look the same except for the one at the
far end of the clearing which has small
berries growing on it look and berries
the berries hanging on the bush looked
quite juicy and smell very pungent take
I fell asleep during Bladerunner 2049
Bladerunner reddit did anybody else
almost fall asleep Bladerunner rented it
is 10:30 p.m. I'm literally falling
asleep while watching Blade Runner many
editors fell asleep while watching Blade
Runner I keep falling asleep during
Blade Runner Sheffield forum why do I
fall asleep when I watch Blade Runner
[Laughter]
Millennials really don't like Blade
Runner quote I fell asleep and quote
alright did the little guy go this way I
think he did
you gotta be into it you got you got to
want it what the fuck do I have to make
my way back out now I think you do
where did the little monster go he went
that way and I'm not able to go that way
either I'm on the other side of the bush
are on this side of the bow I think I
need to make my way out now thank you
but I got the berries they could do I
got the pungent berries so you know
we're doing it hell I didn't try just
going up here you just have the berries
you didn't do anything with them right
okay I just have berries and I saved
after I grabbed the berries and now I'm
gonna try to make my way this way
there's something I want to try crane
hem crisis you saved things can you say
go Falcons thank you are the Falcons
doing good in the sports I don't know
okay if baseball is happening right are
the Falcons of baseball no they are
football no football's over right
football's just starting oh shit well I
mean I'm just starting but they're there
in the third in the thick of it with
football I was on a roll so I didn't
want to like save cuz I was like in the
zone all right P the Yankees are the
Yankees out of it no that's fine by me I
gotta say I'm kind of rooting for the
Dodgers though you you and a if you end
a season over 700 you deserve to go the
whole distance was that mean they had a
mazing Lee Goodyear like the Dodgers had
a TA year that puts them in the list of
best of all time years nice ants
great I are we got berries so we got
pungent berries like like average is a
video 500 bad money you bet in 500 500
for the season it's like average okay a
good you are really good here six 600
okay
Dodgers are somewhere over seven mmm
cool okay I have an idea
tell me what you think about this yeah
that machine sends stuff back in time
possibly we don't know this okay that
could just be a joke what's on the
ground there what's that weird shit he
seems to be tickled by the little spores
oh maybe shouldn't have walked into them
I was know what they were your kick
causes pores to open up spray a fine
powder into the air as a result you are
paralyzed from head to toe unable to
move a single muscle
my dad probably it doesn't say I'm dead
can you type anything get up due to
paralysis you are only capable of
displacing hair this place there I tried
to displace air breathe fine check for
the record when I'm talking about Blade
Runner being boring I'm talking about
the first one I have not seen the new
one like I'm interested in the new one
like much like me J Balvin found the
original horribly boring yeah and he
likes the new one yeah yeah so let's
hope for the new one just know I'm not
gonna get to the theaters see it I don't
have anyone to go with
the current is not interested in a
three-hour movie right that's the other
thing it's very long and it seems like
it would be some vision pistas pieces it
seems like it would something to be
better to watch at home a 3-hour
slow-moving but the beast is the Vista's
beast is take a little bathroom break
and then all that be nice
I have an idea here and it's not the
first one is just slow-moving I've liked
slow-moving movies before I like Star
Trek the motion picture
I just think nothing happens in the
original Blade Runner that is
interesting like ever I mean obviously
like a distant other than visual
masturbation I don't see it's not visual
masturbation though the visuals help
tell the story of where they are like
it's it's all it's all hand in hand the
the the facts when when the replicants
are hanging out in Sebastian's house and
he has a house full of not quite up to
date toys and they are toys in there and
the mind as always on view of its
visuals I don't get enough fun of that
so that don't work Bastian as a
character that has a disease that makes
him age rapidly mirroring with with the
replicants having a very short lifespan
then then make the whole movie about the
replicants make a whole movie about the
replicants and not Harrison Ford's
boring-ass nothing character well the
he's the he's supposed to be our he's
supposed to be our window he's terrible
window he's our he's our everyman
he's our everyman rich he's just
figuring it out like the rest of us he's
not a window he's a locked door oh come
on let's don't say we did I thought it
was my plan like I was gonna go to where
the creature went through the hole and
dropped the berries that they like the
Reacher came out but the game didn't
want me to can you just drop the berries
I just what I present with drop berries
put berries in home oh no well that was
my idea
oh well
it is ambiguous whether or not Deckard
is Deckard is a replicant why was your
try you seriously idiot and chat trying
to make a comparison between fucking
boring as Dekker and Mad Max in fury
road because he's not the protagonist
because furiosa said whoa now the two
two different very different cares Mad
Max who actually has like a clearer
easy-to-understand character arc that
develops throughout the film yeah go
fuck yourself that you're pushing man I
know I know you you fucking masturbate
to Blade Runner but ya know you do
masturbate just go fuck yourself the
Blade Runner ain't gay
the dumbest thing I ever heard
oh fuck I forgot that's alright I'm at
so far off I forgot about the stupid pit
the whole point of the fucking story is
the Deckard is human with less humanity
than those used to ask to kill then make
them then focus the fucking movie on
Rutger Hauer and don't focus it on on
Harrison Ford what was that point what
was that point rich the whole point the
whole point of the fucking story is that
Deckard is a human with less humanity
than those he is tasked to kill I get
that it's so boring
and I don't know about that why are why
is the movie focusing on the personality
vacuum and not having more attention put
on on Rutger Hauer they you know that's
we should have well you know we spent a
decent amount of time with Rutger Hauer
but then why not make Rutger Hauer 'z
character a little more likeable you
know instead of having him like murder
people with his thumbs and Decker is
supposed to be struggling with his
humanity like that's why like these the
subtext is that's why he stopped blade
running is because he didn't like the
whole retirement aspect of it but he
seems to be pretty okay shooting him now
and you know that whole quasi sexual
assault thing of the lady in the movie
and you know it's one of those things
it's whole relationship with Lady
replicant is something that I don't
necessarily understand that comes out of
nowhere like why does he like her so
much their relationship isn't really
well established the movie has some
problems it's a good movie the movie
does have some problems
here oh maybe can I go this way ah rich
yeah I am just at a loss all right
what's going on can you go down into the
left no no foliage is too is too thick
to pay up see that yeah all right what's
by the mushrooms mushrooms
can you cook can you collect those
spores that killed you yeah that's good
yeah let's go look over there go mail
that letter do I have a letter I have an
order form wait
this is an order form you removed from a
magazine for free lay bein terror beasts
mating whistle where did you get that I
was just in my inventory to start with
oh my god
[Music]
okay on it going to the mailbox
ooh going to the mailbox going to the
mailbox and okay mail form
you dropped the order form into the box
the mailbox hums and buzzes for a while
then an object of some sort drops into
the tray or right at the base of the box
the machine goes silent take object okay
is now we have the whistle okay so look
at whistling the whistle is usual
looking great we have a whistle now it's
perfect we have a whistle something with
the whistle whistle ism is a mating call
is a medium mating call for a beast did
we did we check out the spores no I'm
okay on my way now
I will save before I check out the
spores and everyone don't worry I
absolutely will remember to save before
check out dust but I can't go down there
you know
jerk jerk jerk fucking jerk move hey
y'all you know we can talk about while
we're walking what oh wait here's
something it sounds not unlike the
hovercraft you wrecked in
you know what it's safe let's save for
it sure vormax Ian says I became a gamer
in the 80s with Sierra's parlor games on
a 286 computer so here's two dollars and
86 cents as my first tip and a sub
thanks for finally revisiting Space
Quest looking forward to it when you do
- looking forward to it if and when you
do I'd like to do three and let the very
least hovercrafts has been reduced to
amount of twisted wreckage eventually
everything that was straight is bent
everything that okay - me hearing that
noise sounds like they're they're
chasing you or they're looking for you
and be my guests oh I assumed that
beeping came back on okay alright
alright let's go check out those spores
see if we can do anything with them true
blue abuses last tip people were saying
that the new last Jedi trailer spoiled
too much of the movie just to reassure
the audience that the things they want
are in it will that take away from the
actual film know how much you care about
spoilers I bet they didn't give away
anything important
[Music]
spores the spores are light blue and
bulb shaped they seem to be loosely
attached to the ground
loosely hello hey look at that a save
button save 13 take 4
you take possession of one of the spores
being careful not to mistakenly break it
open we have a spore Wow
we have berries we have a spore and we
have a whistle do we know what we're
doing with any of this shit I'm amazed
at how much I don't remember about this
one I remember one pretty well yeah I
presume once we started playing 3 a lot
of those puzzles would come back to me
right away yeah - not so much well
that's great
I'm gonna take a small bathroom break
you do that I'm gonna sit here and I'm
gonna continue to ban anybody who gets
annoying about Bladerunner and being
physically upset that I don't like it
and something about the fact that I
don't like it I won't get that but I
will annoyingly talk about how great
Bladerunner is you can do that ok you're
not you're not you're not saying you
don't you have being a jerk to me
because I don't love it so I don't care
because like its art and artists all
have our different tastes and if it's
not for you it's not for you that's fine
get it together guys