Episode 880
Untitled Space Quest 2 Stream (Part 2)
October 24, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oyIP5wL615Q
___________________________________________

rich what is your opinion on the future
of Star Trek Grimm I think I think Star
Trek as something I find interesting as
as classical Star Trek I think that's
just dead unless you're talking about
maybe the Orville or or some kind of fan
work or other work that that mimics
classic Star Trek but I don't think
anything from here on out that calls
itself Star Trek is going to feel
anything like the Star Trek I like I
think it's dead
I hear the fan TOS continuation is good
yes but I that's also ending because of
the whole Axanar debacle so I believe
Star Trek continues which is the fan
work I think you're talking about there
they're ending soon because they have to
basically accent are ruined it for
everyone
Star Trek is dead for you or just plain
dead it's dead for me
they'll be star trek from here on out
but it's it's gonna be war drama
screaming action boom
yes yes yes atomic mousetrap looking for
a spiritual successor or successor is
the thing to do right here read that one
Huff Hardin says good evening watching
Jack play this gives me serious
nostalgia for playing peasants quest by
the homestar runner people ever played
it if not care to give it a try
thanks for being Jack and rich I'm I'm
not familiar with with peasants quest I
do know there was like a fan-made hero's
quest heroines quest that I actually
have it I haven't played it yet though
so I know nothing about it
welcome back jack a Star Trek dead I
haven't seen any discovery but from what
I've heard from trusted Star Trek
sources yes in into the future no cuz
you know what Star Trek what when did
the original series come out 66 is
mid-60s
so Star Trek has been alive and kicking
for 50-plus years yeah it is a brand
that is not necessarily going away
anytime soon
and if discovery fails they will try
again okay and you know what there has
been a bit of a push and pull right the
the original one was a little campy and
then the movies got a little more
serious and a little campy and a little
serious and a little shitty and then the
next generation came around and they
took a whole new direction but then with
the next gen movies they went a schlock
direction and then with deep space 9
they went dark and war
right booth then with what was that
Voyager you know they went a different
direction and Enterprise different
directory they keep trying new things so
there will be a push and a pull with any
sort of franchise and that's what we got
with with Star Trek discovery if it
doesn't work out they'll try it again
and you know what they'll try new spin
and that's how everything works but we
basically guaranteed that the new spin
is going to be a drama war drama no know
if discovery does not work they will go
there talking opposite like hey let's go
fun and campy again which you know what
that could work
we might need some fun and campy right
now we might need just some some schlock
like the Orville like the Orville right
we but you know like like the Orville
but good so uh yeah we might just need
some some good light-hearted slang all
right I have the spores you hear
something it sounds not unlike the
hovercraft correct in why had you tried
to do lost in space and failed know the
problem with Voyager was Voyager had a
premise of being lost in space and then
completely ignored that premise and did
like the most generic TNG style episodes
they could do right but with with
characters who were more poorly written
that see that was the real failing a
Voyager like I think we everyone could
have forgives its premise for flaking if
we cared about the characters but then
we didn't care about the characters and
they wrote the characters differently
every fucking episode that's strange
because Kate Mulgrew
she's great talent she would have been a
great captain if if they wrote a
consistent character yeah for her yeah
she's a talent
all right so we have these mushrooms
that eat us and now I have these spores
that make you fall asleep so do I can I
feed them the spores like in my in my
head throw it right in my head I want to
use my supporter as a slingshot
but I do hope thats possible with the
spore yeah probably
is that possible right how do I do that
use spore in supporter I don't know use
spore in supporter does not compute
throw sport look at a supporter this is
your athletic supporter without close
inspection you notice it to be well used
save the game okay throw door that would
be helpful not all right throw berry
don't waste your time do I have it eat
me again now that I have the spores
I just saved
holy geez boy that mushroom thing sucked
you clean up you can't move a muscle
nor see a speck of light you begin
feeling waves of tingling warmth and
moisture suddenly it's not so bad in
here Wow check out those colors dude
your body and mind enjoy the short-lived
buzz that is a side effect of the lethal
poison you are now marinating in you are
obviously oblivious you are oblivious to
the end not a bad way to go actually but
it sure is early in the game I had high
hopes for you they said Who Roger Wilco
not a chance that chump won't last 20
minutes I said no way Roger Wilco isn't
that lame so anyway don't make me look
too stupid too that's fine that's fine
okay so having the spores in my pockets
does nothing - let's try going somewhere
else
yeah the foliage the foliage is too deep
over here can't go this way the only new
information we have is every once in a
while we hear what's north of here
foliage is to deepen foliage but if I go
this way and then up we get here and if
I go this way then it's that a tree
place where the monkey was you know
where the hobbit was and I don't think I
can do anything over here we get that
rope oh I guess maybe coincide let's to
the old look around jerk tried to go
left or right above the maze section I
tried to go right above the maze section
training a left I want to say I did
because I was up there and I know it was
a pain in the ass to get up there
do you know same where you're back there
and you can check this quickly probably
one of them
one of the eight you are in another area
the forest the girl seems to be getting
heavier here look go around
I believe I checked both left and right
okay okay in my heart of hearts I
believe this to be true and now I'm
thinking I don't remember Space Quest
too because it's not my favorite yeah of
the Space Quest sure that's fine rich I
remember not being too fond of this
forest section but I know I know like
then the next area you get to I'm
actually do like okay so fuck he did try
just watch it okay
they said the chat says I did try well
we know we have a whistle oh yeah what's
the story what kind of fun things can we
do with our inventory I think tab will
get you just right there or just higher
right no try tab oh yeah okay we are a
supporter we have the spore we have the
dialect translator a puzzle the berries
a whistle and let's look at the puzzle
the cubix rube puzzle has made you look
stupid
more than usual solve puzzle
oh you pull the puzzle out and give it a
few spins instead of improving it seems
to be worse irritating you stash it and
go on with the adventure all right that
didn't work Oh
dah Oh drats
voules troops have tracked you down and
passed sentence for your escape
tough luck hey no we hide well yeah I'm
sure we gonna hide oh well shit that
brings us back here that was gonna
happen sooner or later the holes
okey-dokey well we'll figure it out
Caucasian Gary says so jack is going
peepee poo-poo
hey hey whoo-hoo because you went to the
bathrooms I went to the bathroom
spider blares his rich suggestion next
year's Bach Tober I am NOT into truck
but I love hearing you and Mike get
passionate about what you love also your
Darth Vader suit facts video is my
favorite look it's all it's all thanks
to the Wikipedia we get very little to
do with that it's all thanks to what
keeping just reading Wikipedia this way
No
oh wait wait you heard oh this is a new
area yeah yeah oh all right friend let's
look around first
cheapy once is away no now you are
standing at the edge of an eerie swamp
you can hear the crooks and moans the
croaks and moans of swamp life none of
which you are eager to encounter okay
something new this is good yeah cheap
cheapy one says hey guys thanks for the
streams all the trek talk got me to
finally watch TNG starting at season
three once I'm burnt out on tracking any
other non Trek sci-fi shows you'd
recommend first game Farscape was a
great show
the the expanse the expanse is a
fantastic sci-fi show newer sci-fi show
if you haven't watched Firefly yet get
on it a little little corny but super
good Futurama
sure sure Futurama that's a fine one
there's their there be a bunch of good
ones Rick and Morty is a great sci-fi
show wading through the swamp wading
through this shit please don't leave me
oh that is so going to eat you that is
so going to eat you I just went the way
the little person went No dammit dammit
you feel something slimy clamped down on
your leg and pull you beneath the
surface you struggle in vain to free
yourself unfortunately your desire to
breathe results in the intake of a large
quantity of swamp water if the lack of
oxygen hadn't killed you the taste of
the putrid water would have alright
chance spoiling it but I think I
remembered this I think I remember this
particular solution anyway okay hey I
think we can get through here now okay
you want spoilers no not yet yeah give
me a chance just look around first okay
this is like this is the only new area
so we have this we have the berries with
the whistle look at look at the items in
detail can you highlight them while
you're in the inventory menu that would
be nice no I thought you could do that
in the other games maybe maybe the the
Space Quest games are just too early for
that yeah at least the first two the
whistle is usual looking look at puzzle
we just did it berries berries the
strange red berries pack a very pungent
aroma alright how about the Spore look
that's four this is one of the unopened
spores and thank you don't look at the
chat I'm not I can't see the chat it
looks like your average keycard you know
we could try the same thing I was gonna
do with the mushrooms and like as soon
as the alligator comes throw the spore
Adam okay okay so we'll give that a try
I have a clean save here so let's look
at the monster and see what it says when
it pops up sure
get ready to tape you're standing at the
edge of the eerie swamp you can hear the
creek croaks and moans of the swamp life
if none of what you are pausing you
start typing look at monster monster
yeah
why do you pause I wish would cause me
is some of the other games that's here I
made pause when you start typing sure
throw berries
fuck this it's under water so I don't
know that would work
sure look at that just pre-typed that's
what I used to do ya know
all right
you must be seeing things how'd the
little guy get across he just walked
he's he's walked there just favorite TV
show of all time
that's probably Star Trek TNG
that I got a cotton loop see won't kill
you from there
nope me well interesting
come on man I can't help out because I
believe I know the answer so and the
chat has spoilers for you yeah I guess
something there's something I kind of
vaguely remembered from my playthrough
as a child anyway okay I didn't remember
doing it specifically here but I
remember doing it
sure I try to take a different route
know if that exists comes from that
direction nope okay one more idea here a
pre type use whistle come on how about
when we get to the next screen like once
we see it follow us
well I sure did use that whistle I don't
think it did any good
Junior Lovecraft says did you get the
security card off the dead body at the
crash site we did we did we did uh a
keycard that's not a hint that I'm just
reading this right that's the next tip
um gents Robo toe says love me some
space quest if you like early adventure
games
I recommend shadow gate and uninvited
much more grim but a lot of creative
bullshit deaths
that's always fun creative bullshit
deaths I am Chester says after watching
Jack's free animator review yeah I am
compelled to mention that one of the
fighters you can play in Tarot dome is
Herbert West that morgue from the movie
is even one of the levels committee and
says hey guys love everything you do
query what do you think of doing back to
the future for review someday good idea
to iconic or just not interested thanks
awesome more blood bone blood-borne bad
Back to the Future 2 unknown to
mainstream I don't know I don't know I
don't know if that's a good idea or a
bad one or a great one
I know what I would like to do now but
there's a lot of stuff for the plate
right now so that's true yeah there's
stuff coming up there's stuff coming up
there's stuff coming up yes yes exactly
what would we say about it that hasn't
already been said right
all right so let's rule things out what
hasn't worked okay so I tried blowing
the whistle that didn't work okay it
wouldn't let me use the berries or the
spore and I just tried to like entangle
it in my athletic supporter well use
these things how and so like well
berries I tried throw berries used
berries the same with Spore throws four
is used for okay okay a supporter you
supporter throw supporter neither seem
to work I think a little bit more
outside the box a little bit more my
idea use use might be too generic use
might be too generic
fling you have a hungry monster that
wants to eat you okay okay hold on I
think I got an idea if that's gonna be
my hint I think I have an idea nope and
supporter damn it don't understand rap
why is the monster eating you hungry
presumably your tasty right that's your
hint all right now specific that was
free
berries on me all right now try body
berries body
interesting
oh look at that smell like a walking
ammonia inhalants all right I've yeah
the solution is to make yourself
unappetizing I would have assumed that
wouldn't work because then we get in the
water to wash it off yeah well you're
outside of the water - you're just
waiting right so I would assume that
would work but that's clever I like that
I can be now I can be yeah yeah I'm okay
with that as a solution to a puzzle
absolutely we might have been distracted
by the chat but I think that's what the
little guy does before he goes into the
water he was he was collecting the
berries before shoot well and but even
if I saw it I probably wouldn't have
right right it's doing he was just doing
like I would have been like I look at
him he was doing a little dance you feel
something slightly clamped down in your
leg and almost as suddenly spit you back
out you distinctly hear the sound of a
chronic gagging and retching evidently
you had a bad taste a bad aftertaste
from the berries ha ha ha
we've done it damn it you know it's just
in case let's solve that one at a point
and click that you can't you just click
the berry on you you do that by trial
and error rub berries on body that's
something you have to actually do some
outside the box yeah yeah like what you
would do in a point and click is you
would click on the berries and then
click on your body and then it will you
you click on the berries and a number of
other things what you're frustrated
eventually you'll click on you when they
don't oh oh he's rubbing berries on him
oh I didn't I didn't think of that
I still didn't because it was and I
get out of the water I think the only
failing is that you didn't get to
receive a little due to ply the barriers
well yeah and it was quick and yeah
right
it makes sense though the logic makes
sense
I know execute four five and six are all
point-and-click yeah I don't I don't I
don't love those as much actually I
haven't even played any of them past
forum and I don't I don't remember if I
finish four honestly really that's not
what to push the tree hoping I could
push it down and it said that would
advance the game in no way this tree is
dead the bark must have fallen off years
ago it bears no foliage push tree that's
what I tried push sure you that would
advance the game in no way knock over
tree that does not compute kick tree
for was all the time-travel stuff yeah
it was fun stuff I'm just I'm not as
fond of point-and-click nothing
interesting about them interesting let's
see what's over here point and clicks
for me there's sort of a couple of in it
but there's been a couple I've liked I
enjoy grim fandago but that's
I gotta admit a lot of that has to do
just the characters in the atmosphere
sure it's it's what's-his-face Tim
Schafer
writing characters that sucked me into
grim fandago and then I should kind of
like quest for glory for a fair amount
that's point-and-click so there there
are exceptions to the rule but in a
general sense I'm not as into point and
clicks maniac mentioned maniac mansion
though had words you could click on to
do thinking kind of things kind of like
this maniac mansion is great
how many times am I gonna typo around
tonight that's the big question how many
times do you like quest for glory - with
with the exception of one puzzle that is
so poorly implemented I think it was
only there to force you to call the
Sierra helpline with what one exception
quest for glory - is my absolute
favorite Sierra game of all time my
favorite adventure game of all time
mm-hmm cool what happened I in hopes
that I could walk north you fell off a
cliff did you say I did okay right
before right before I saved as soon as I
entered as soon as I got across the the
branches in but like you know before you
would walk straight up and get to a new
area here you fall off a cliff
in general I actually haven't played a
lot of the Lucas art games specifically
because I'm not that fond of the point
in clicks so I've not actually played
any of the Monkey Island games played
maniac mansion
I played grim fandago but part of one of
the others I think I played part of one
of the Indiana Jones ones they did I
know the Indiana Jones point and clicks
weren't the cream of their crop so our
pet we passed out again and we're having
a dream
you imagine that your name is Larry you
are wearing something known as a leisure
suit apparently made of 100% synthetic
material and proven to generate large
amounts of static electricity while
prowling a locale known as the land of
the Lounge Lizards you spend your time
badgering women of the era to
participate in bizarre mating rituals
such as just then consciousness begins
to creep in name-drop in your own game
sear mark shit your head begins to clear
and you realize that you have been
imprisoning your captor appears to be
that large Oh thudding and neither fire
one one of the space quests and I forget
which one has a death where I think I
believe you your ship crash lands and
the king's quest castle like land in the
moat and get eaten by the alligators
the hunter seems to ignore you you're a
well a hidden you are in a well-hidden
clearing it is surrounded on three sides
by large smooth rocks ooh rock
formations with brush to the north a
cage is below one of the formations that
you are currently in it in the center of
the camp fire burned and the camp fire
burns one has to wonder about the
purpose of a fire during a warm day such
as this rope sits on one of the boulders
a large Beast is nearby
okay can we grab it's not available to
you from here can you want closer to it
can you walk anywhere in the cage oh
yeah
where did you say ROP or ro PE the
producer there might have been a typo
try that again
Tai poke out hi could there might not
have been I just got a glance I thought
yeah save do you say it's it's crude
looking but effective the rest would
prevent anything but the correct key
from tourniquet all right supporter
whistle its third all right now this I
don't remember the solution to so I can
help is there anything in the cage
search the cage cage that does not
compute the cage is made of some very
hard branches that might as well be
welded steel bars all right
we got a fire we got a rope you may have
a monster which Mike talking to the
monster I have he ignored me the hunter
ignored me look at hunter the hunter
looks angry
well shit okay
he'd soon figure out that it wasn't food
and you'd be in trouble I'll shit I was
hoping to throw the puzzle to distract
him like while he's busy figuring out
the puzzle well there's the old standby
there's the spoor things I could try
throwing this for but then he would just
lean might need the key from him
shouldn't climb out well just you know
like maybe there's something on those
ceiling and just you know yeah I'm
looking around here look at fire there
are flames dancing above the embers of
the fire okay use because I saved ya
nothing nothing nothing my whistle
didn't do anything
cramped in here it's too cramped in here
get rope with supporter right that's
what I'm getting
rope with or turf can't fan it here I
said I was thinking we could try
throwing this more there's for a dunker
yeah throw spore at hunter upon impact
with the ground the spa opens and spews
its dust into the air the hunter falls
to the ground paralyzed I'm still alive
though ground the ground is soiled look
hunter this is bringing up some serious
fucking deja vu rich some serious ass
deja vu with this yeah let's just
playing an adventure game playing
adventure game like this specific puzzle
also we're like have we done something
examine I'm sure we've done something
very close to this oh shit
the hunter is looking right at you and
he's salivating just 210 you have caused
the guard to be paralyzed I don't think
he's too pleased with you what now what
now what now pause pause I can't there's
no oh good I'm out of the cave the
hunter has decided that it's a perfect
day for a barbecue as he slowly turns
you over the
you begin to turn a beautiful
golden-brown death follows at an
agonizingly long distance way to go
wingnut once again you've demonstrated
your inability to sustain life you
quickly glanced around the room to see
if anyone saw you blow it thank you for
playing space Chris - alright well I
think we're on the right track
obviously like that got us out of the
cage right so what do we have time for
after he gets back up or can we is he
close enough to search him as he's on
the ground I don't know when they get up
just to eat us after time maybe we we
throw the spore at him when he's like
after he opens the game I wonder if
that's usable I think he only woke up
after I said look at hunter like I think
you know he was down and then I said
look at hunter and then he got up tried
the translator
well the translator is a passive is a
like that's just that means I can talk
to any yeah that's how I understand it
presumably why would we hit it's got to
be a use for it why do we have this in
the first place look at translate or the
dialect translator is a small device it
is on hear me say use translator what
happens how would you like to do that I
think that's a passive alright
that's me sad cuz how so are we able to
talk to this hunter I I get it I get it
talk to Hunter I tried that the Hunter
stands and takes a long look in your
direction his face though strange in its
own right bears an expression one might
see on a freak show of on a freak show
patron he moves closer ah ok ok ok ok ok
now
now get kikiki upon impact with the
ground the spore opens and spew make
sure sent to the air the hunter falls
through make sure you're standing to the
bottom that cage was close you can get
to the guy okay roll you know we got
time because you know that when the text
is on its pause so by the way what you
have to do rich is talk to Hunter twice
that was the solution that's dumb
that's super dumb yeah search hunter you
search the large not to mention unclench
body of the hunter you find a key which
might unlock the cage of him that you
find a few sword pear cake you take key
reaches key use key it's not unlock cage
lock I fuck you on the lock cage you
suck the key into the lock and give it a
turn the lock snaps open alright alright
open door you open the cage door
it's a pope we need some rope Jack I
want all the Rope take rope fuck you
you grab the rope what else is there
what else is there - fire fire hold on
wait wait
save can we take fire take fire don't
bother now okay look at fire the flames
are dead okay I mean there's a fire here
so but it doesn't necessarily know you
know I'm just what I'm gonna do is get
the fuck out of here that's what my plan
is
by tie up the hunter fuck that might be
a good call because I can't get out I
don't know how to get out rich alright
let's just try to do that
quick tie up hunter what a waste of
perfectly good rope in his state he will
not prove an impedance okay it's got to
figure out how to get out straight
across between the bushes in that rock
down there down bushes maybe up fuck oh
shit
yeah where's this oh look the distance
you are at the edge of a forest the
boundary is a sheer cliff at the east
side of the area in the distance you see
a landing platform possibly the one
which welcome you to the world
fuck yeah yeah all right I got the rope
let's just make sure we can't go out
this way tried okay try walking for the
fire like standing next to the fire arm
on top of the fire and then go left can
you go through there oh maybe yeah he's
gotta be faster over here getting outta
here
gettin out of here whoop are we saved
now we can now that we're past those
dingbats I'll see if we can going back
back right and try going north
hey to The Return of the Jedi base
clearly oh fuck nope nope way to go
Pathfinder as you plunge towards the
base of the cliff mommy escapes your
lips into the fire jack right steal his
clothes I can't is taking his clothes
where it was not an option gosh dang it
click use the rope to get down the cliff
let's uh let's see what's over here I
think this is where you came this far I
came in you can't ride north yeah I fell
off that cliff oh that's right and
remember that remember ask Apes for a
ride just make sure ok yeah that's where
I came from
all right I have I have a rope now I
just want to know what the beeping did
what I'm sure the beeping did is made
people come faster right well they've
already come anyway then I have no idea
what the beeping did is that do you do
you think that if like the beeping
happened none of these guys would be
here would that would it be that awful
of a game to us see really cruel no
probably not
alright let's um let's go back down here
I think they only come if I get too
close to the edge so I'm going to assume
Oh hunters gone okay huh I wonder if I
can take this sport now if this is
something like and around like look that
ground the ground his soil I think I
don't like them we don't have a clear
idea of what we need to do wait wait
wait wait look at fire say fire look at
ring look at fire ring I don't think
there's anything to do with that then
take right good like if the fire went
out maybe like there's a coal I can take
or something wrong way okay we don't we
can't go this way try it under the bush
and a bush under a bush shop and a bush
sit sit down I also don't like that we
don't have a clear idea of what to do
yeah fucking hell like around you are
well it glares who rocks the cage is
blue you know for my a campfire ring I
can't fire a ring game
I can't fire extinguish is located see
like there's gotta be something there
look in ring wait let's try it let's try
the cliff in the rope I think I just
think you're on the wrong track my
campfire I get it
here's the problem with the rope I
understand this it's all I got
here's the problem with the rub there's
nothing to tie it to let's examine the
cliff look at cliff the cliff is sheer
there looks to be no way down without
the direct aid of gravity like obviously
we got to get to that base yah climb
down cliff here's what I'm gonna guess
as soon as I like we saved and I was
already yeah yeah I'm gonna guess as
soon as I hit the brown they come for me
nope okay climb down say what climb down
cliff
climb down cliff up north do they want
you to do this up north I think they
just trying to get you to fall now whoa
all right
I didn't work
all right North was another cliff right
trees something trees tie the rope
around a tree the bushes seems to be
composed of leaves and small branches
nothing interesting about them I mean in
the other screen you think like tie rope
here maybe this is what I'm saying
alright you know worth a shot tie rope
to a tree say what that means no usually
um wait wait wait wait what about what
about this area over here what a bucket
yeah or am I gonna do doop doop doop
walking this area just so you know you
can walk diagonally what like the number
pad right like this no no I mean yeah oh
here I've been using the arrow keys like
a sucker actually I'm so used to the
arrow keys now the reason I use that for
for FPS is largely because of these
games
I get log I had so we had to okay tie
rope to tree you'll have to decide
between the stump and the log rich to
tie the rope around yep ooh we just
saved tie rope to climb down rope climb
down rope oh my god you head over the
edge and down the rope here's what
here's what here's the issue we're gonna
have to swing high that's what I tried
to do I just think if we swing we're
gonna swing right into its mouth yeah
we're gonna have to do something to get
him to fall off the ledge I'm gonna
guess that's the Beast
and we need to use the whistle okay
that's not me remembering the solution
either this is me thinking of this so
it's not cheating I totally don't
remember this part at all honestly
to the log oh yeah that's right off the
edge no nothing Oh your timing causes
you to jump when the Rope is at its the
least helpful point gravity beckons oh I
did cuz I thought like we're gonna need
to swing I get you so yeah okay so now
that we know that the log is the way to
go
we missed the whistle area what we mean
we missed the whistle area
all right damn it I'll accept the
spoilers in the chat for this for this
missing the whistle area is this
something that's gonna bite us in the
ass are we gonna have to restart our
from a really old save to get something
we missed
oh we didn't miss something big then
yeah but we like we are saves we don't
have too many saves we might have missed
something in the swamp yeah
yeah and it's important in the swamp
yeah I don't even know if we have that
save what can we get back to the swamp
from here huh
look I'm just can you can you get back
there from here maybe I think this way I
think it's this way I'm sure they're
fucking with us wait hold on I no no no
save real quick
they're lying all right are they though
cuz here's the swamp somes right here
why are there so many sauce and stick
around models and what's on the other
side
rainbows are visions but only illusions
rainbows have nothing to hide so what's
so amazing that keeps us stargazing will
we be there to find out that's not the
right words someday you'll find it The
Rainbow Connection lovers the dreamers
and me all of us under its spell you
know that it's probably magic just stop
no I wasn't we were in the swamp just
stop someone I was singing what are we
doing in the spa fridge what are we
doing in the swamp why are we in the
swamp was there a part of the swamp that
was deep
w were we swimming yeah through any of
this where was that it was up here okay
we need to go to the deep part of the
swamp oh shit
I'm covered in berries right still maybe
yep all right yeah there's a deep part
to the swamp over here I kinda I kind of
remember this I know I know the thing
you get well so yeah I mean there was a
deep artists pumping I was thinking to
myself oh it's really weird that we
suddenly have to swim over here and it
didn't yeah and I well you know what
because and then like two minutes later
we kid I was like oh we got out of these
oh that's weird
I thought it was weird but not really
worth mentioning I guess okay
so I'm swimming now yeah okay what do we
want for spoilers well I mean you've
already you've already like said like we
have to come back here for something
yeah I know all right Frank dive oh shut
up oh man look at that did you hold your
breath is that a thing did we say nope
shit we'll get to the surface and save
before you suffocate on your way back to
the surface after saving sure yeah call
that there we go that would have been
the worst possible all right back to the
scram we know what to do we know what to
do take a breath before diving cute
that's that's cute that's that's that's
infuriating
see I'm a talent agency and I'm looking
for the next big star singing frog and
that could be that could be huge
okay hold a breath take a breath hold
breath you take a deep breath filling
your lungs to near bursting and head for
the depths below oh you don't even need
to pretend dive I'll hold breath look at
that animation yeah that's great golden
shit it's stuck in a rock I didn't save
rich or fine or fine I didn't say if I
need to know then I just hit my head on
a rock
stop doing that and if I just hit my
head on a rock and I need fudge enough
shit shit shit can you go up oh wait up
here you know over are you hitting the
bottom you're hitting something
oh my god I was hitting the bottom oh
god oh god oh god oh
go got Lardon whoa let's save
look you are in a small grotto below the
swamp a strange light dances off the
walls of this cave its origin a glowing
gem situated on top of a boulder look at
gem you do not possess look at gem gem
you do I tell me have to fucking take
the gym first take gym you take the
glowing gem look at Jim the glowing gem
provides a gentle this one is a
seemingly random item is used in
multiple Space Quest games it stays in
your inventory for a while nice breath
once again you wisely taking a load of
air and head below cells at the
beginning of a sequester oh you know
what I'm thinking of one of the fan
games it takes place between two and
three used in oh yeah yeah I'm thinking
of a fan game there it is in your
inventory in Space Quest 3 oh that's
great but you sell it if somebody made a
Space Quest zero oh alright alright
great we did it we did it thanks chat
we're saved nope I'm gonna wait till we
get closer to the fair enough fair no
danger here so I'm gonna wait till I get
next to the lag again walking slowly
through the swamp
with it the rock glows why would you
throw a rock that glows why would you
take a rock that closes because you just
want to take everything you can and
games like it's all from money yeah look
the character is an idiot well couldn't
be radioactive characters an idiot he
sees a glowing Rock and he goes I'm
gonna get me some of that rock acts so
I'm still okay with this now I'm gonna
get me this rock do-do-do-do-do yeah are
you going to play space venture it's a
Kickstarter game made by the original
Space Quest creators I need to look into
this get log climb down rope
talk to beasts illa response rotas his
stomach growl
for the record chat I think the space
quest for you end up at the King's Quest
castle I think that might actually be
for what the time travel device it's not
part of a puzzle I think it's just like
a random code you can type into the time
travel machine that ends up taking you
to King's Quest can you just swing I was
trying to press the left and right to
swing like a normal video game that's a
type in swing if you press left or right
there's a normal video game right oh my
oh my get ready for that f6 I get my
fingers on it
that was swing harder like what do I
need to and think you're slowly getting
yeah it looks like I'm slowly building
up momentum button oh oh he swiped he
swiped no no sorry it's doing it
automatically don't worry it's gonna be
this next one oh god maybe not
he's so gonna get you oh it's not funny
he who hesitates is lost you gave the
guy one chance too many and he seizes
the opportunity not to mention you you
are consumed in two quick bites gosh
dang it
MOG climb down rope
swing hard just just swing it'll be fine
it's gonna take fucking I hit the plus
arrow and we hit the plus key the one
the number pad I think no not speed up
time no there's something you could hit
to speed up time so after his second
swipe I jump hit tab why just do it I'll
be fine
he's not tab which is all takes you like
a menu at the top the screen is
everything's fine everything will be
fine
I mean you to speed up the game in
general right and this will go by really
quick yeah time swing again while
swinging no nope okay
nope okay there's one this is the one
who's too
oh come on come the fuck ah there's no
way you would know that's fine that's
that's a classic like just learn by
failing know what you guys know wait
like on your first try playing that
there's no way you would have known
right that you could make it right
that's right a big difference
I would read well of that hey I don't
think these games are built so that you
can easily get through it on the first
try right I'm with you these games are
full of death traps for fun because the
funny deaths are also part of the
experience
all right gorgeous standing in a small
ledge there's a mammoth member of the
local fauna to the right looks to be in
constant need of nourishment and the
look being cast you all right then they
just like this so you call the 900
number of tip hotline yeah that's part
of it being as decorative as it isn't
here there isn't much to see you do see
light coming from the east you take out
the gem and hold it in your palm the
room is illuminated by its glow you hear
a small shriek and the sound of many
footsteps moving away from you ooh we
would have got me eaten by something if
we tried to walk forward without that
rock that's a good call that's a good
call I'm probably good to have that rock
thanks Chad
and now we have cancer yes
we now have cancer but that's gonna be
that's a treatable illness in the future
the ground below your feet disappears
you tumble through the darkness whoa
nice that was a rather spectacular
entrance all systems seem to be intact
though all right oh look at those little
guys look around the dwellers mumble
something the translator responds with
follow us beanpole they hurry away okay
I will try to type around now without a
typo cricketer I'll run emote writes a
run yes yes we can look a arunda you are
at the bottom of a steep Gorge almost
totally surrounded by impassable rock
there is an opening to the southeast the
balls expand a great distance ground
I'm gonna spoil that I saw that coming
yeah I didn't I spoil that I thought I
thought as much but I guess I just wanna
check if I go back this way what uh you
know what no no no oh the cave becomes
much too steep to continue further okay
so we just can't go that way
all right we're gonna go follow our
little friends now follow my little
friends follow them down the hole Hey oh
my god this is hilarious
welcome to our Canyon you look to be
from out of town on behalf of all of us
I would like to thank you for saving our
compadre from the hunters lollipop yeah
not now Gary there's a whole costume
change you are welcome to stay in the
canyon as long as you like when you are
ready to leave simply say the word and
my associates will show you the only way
out for a being your size when you leave
however we must seal the exit behind you
for our own protection goodbye and good
luck
do you okay
you are at the south end of the gorge
bottom there are more odd rock
formations here there are still more of
those little pink folk beanpole yeah I'm
looking at the chant that lollipop guild
bed did not get did not get the love it
deserved it was a good luck doesn't
compare bright
I might have shut it down too soon by
the way to do it of course talk to man
they don't speak they just giggle look
man these guys are quite fleshy and pink
looking you alright well we can stay in
the gorge for a little bit so let's
that's okay nope I'm gonna sneeze we're
gonna play others face quest games in
the future I'd like to do three two at
some point sure take a look at four I
know it's pointing like I'm not as fond
of but no everyone get some fun out of
it yeah look at rock you fuck you and of
this item look at the rock in front of
my face if you're gonna get a rock from
view those little ones to the right look
look look at the rock
I think you've got mad Jack longer Allah
you are the so take rock you are not
constructed in a manner that will allow
you to do anything to the boulders you
might get one of those little pink guys
to move one of them for me fuck man I
think that's just a dig if you need a
area to go in talk get me rock good it's
a translator on stole right use
did you like my song no tickle all right
tickle man what did the what did the guy
say talk to man they don't speak they
just giggle what didn't know know when
the the thing the guy said before he
walked off he said let me know when you
want to leave and we'll take you out the
only exit asked to leave yeah but like
there's no shoes like there's nothing
like these little guys can do this
Boulder for us that's probably how you
leave oh I'm gonna guess I was my my
assumption yeah they're gonna push that
Boulder and there's gonna be a hole with
a ladder sure but like I I guess I just
assumed there was something for me to do
in here say what let's save who knows
when the last time we saved was leave
just save the word when you want to
leave or word
I know I know you know I know game I
know sometimes you're too clever for
yeah they made they made money like
gangbusters off that hit line that's
where 90% of Sierra's profits came from
I used a lot I was too young to get a
lot of this shit to is probably the
worst offender for me I remember I
remember the solution to this and it's
stupid and it's also outside of the box
I tried using my gym again you need to
be more specific I'm going to use the
restroom suddenly and inhuman guttural
moan echoes through the narrow caves
you're not sure which direction it came
from the only thing you do know for sure
is that you've just soiled your
undergarments I figured it out ha better
not a great deal better but better if
you hold the gym in your mouth
Oh doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo rich Steve give me a
pretty good hand fill a favorite word of
the game soiled you know solids pretty
good that's pretty good word I'm not
gonna lie nope the soil the ground is
soiled how's my coffee farm coming it's
coming out it's coming along great
actually I'm in year two spring now and
my entire greenhouse except for one
patch of eight
I have sprinklers so my entire
greenhouse except for one patch of eight
is all coffee and now I have four
patches of eight outside that are coffee
I currently have eight kegs and two of
them are running like wine and beer wine
or beer cuz I have a lot of like ancient
fruit and stand hops and the other six
are just constantly running coffee and
coffee you can make coffee in kegs
pretty easily pretty quickly and so a
lot of days I'll just hang by the farm
and and you know make coffee and it's
it's fairly profitable the you know my
mayonnaise makes more money
but you know I wanted the coffee farm so
we got the coffee farm but it's going
really well I'm just at that point where
I need to figure out either a new task
for me or just be done playing stardew
valley and I'm kind of okay being done
because my coffee farm is gorgeous
its own ins right that's how it ends
it's like a I'm done so you figured it
out you put it in mouth you yeah yeah
but you know what clever yeah yeah very
clever you did give me a pretty good
head size
but yeah so when I was a kid that was
one I needed the hope line for it oh
yeah yeah I would believe that and then
they're like listen kid you can't use
your hands you can't keep calling us do
your parents know too young for the game
kid try to Leisure Suit Larry there's
some kind of like National Woman's Day
we can play Leisure Suit Larry on
Women's History Month sure does anytime
in February in honor of great women
everywhere well play um what was like
what was that awful flash game about
banging women it was the point-and-click
adventures like Jake's oh god it was it
was a like an awful flash game and it
was basically a choose your own
adventure right but it was all about
like getting the most chicks it was
called sigh I've talked about it on
streem before it's kind of like Jake's
gotta get banged or something it's awful
what is it called what is what is it's
like Jake's adventure Jake's yeah Jake's
something everyone everyone remembers
playing this game I've my cousin's
name's Jake and so we found the game
only because it was called like Jake is
awesome or something Jake's booty call
Thank You Gina it was out there terrible
games but you know like my cousin's name
Jake and since like a let's play the
Jake game and yeah it was awful
Jake's booty call is there there are
there are women who launched the strip
that's true
I am obviously joking yes and here's the
thing about the women that watch our
stream they're smart enough to know when
Rich is joking
Leisure Suit Larry besides anyway it's
not meant to be take it seriously the
character is supposed to be pathetic yes
and yeah I mean he gets rejected all
constantly that's the integra came this
is tedious just trying trying to find
the right way out doo doo doo doo doo
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
so anyway yes star do like I've now
unlocked everything from the Jojo Mart
I've been able to buy everything yeah
and that's you know that's fun I went to
the desert and you know hung out there
for a little bit yeah it seems all right
I don't necessarily care about the
desert I did choose the Riverlands
and so I I might dedicate oh hello
I might dedicate one whole island to
coffee farming but at this point I
honestly have hundreds of coffee seeds
yeah and sounds like what's even the
fucking point I've kind of made it I've
noticed myself teetering off yeah this
the past couple thing that's how even
the harvest that's how they work yeah
you reach the point you did what you
wanted to do you enjoyed it yeah you
don't know yeah and it's like there's a
few mysteries that I'd love to unsolved
like I still have not found the first
dwarf scroll so I can't talk to the
dwarf and according to the wiki ax the
star dude Wikia it's JIT just shows up
somewhere in the mines yeah random
didn't even say levels for that one oh
yeah levels 1 through 120 really yeah
just somewhere in the mine I don't think
I ever got it too late so you're
probably okay just stick into the early
levels but but I mean it just can be
anyway yeah yeah and so
it's one of those things where I would
love to do that I would love to figure
out this mr. cui thing which I've
started unraveling uh-huh currently I
have to I'm growing I'm growing radishes
because I need to put radishes in the
mayor's refrigerator that's totally
normal right this is how you know mr.
cui yeah yeah so you get in the casino
Oh fine if you even seem because I
haven't even seen this desert Oh Oh is
mr. cui the one who's blocking the door
I think it might be his bodyguard sure
okay yeah I've been to the store in the
desert and I've been giving gifts to the
attendant because I thought if I gave
her enough gifts she would talk to the
bodyguard yeah no I think it's that
quest oh well there you go then I guess
I don't care about mr. cui that much
okay I'll be honest okay with a casino
hmm all right let's see here you have an
opportunity to stand and spare your
tender knees the crystal-clear water
gives off a gentle glow in abundance it
is able to light the room you take the
glowing gem from between your aching
jaws you notice it is overly moist as
you slip it into your pocket all right
jack stop for a second did you enjoy
that mace did I enjoy that yes No then
save the game all right
look at water the water is clear except
for a very slight cloudiness it appears
to be luminous in fact the waters soft
glow seems to be providing the light
here in before acid water I jumped in a
little bit yeah yeah I'm just taking it
easy oh I think I can make it I think I
can make it into four acid water all
right
I said I'd have a save 27 that was saved
God everything's fine
Grimlock 1980 says know if you could
make a game out of any of the films from
best of the worst which would it be and
what would you like to see it it mm-hmm
they're not really that really good
movies to make games out of man have you
seen the movies oh no the answer is
obvious what was the one with the monkey
driving the tank monkey Oh Mikey tank
just make that a game this monkey tank
because you could turn deadly prey into
a fairly generic yet over-the-top
shooter yeah yeah you could have a
scream button to paralyze people with
fear temporarily will they go like yeah
and that's where you're going to like
slo-mo mode it's you're like it's your
it's your deadly rage meter you have a
whole mechanic dedicated to beating
people with their arms I love it yeah I
fucking love it
okay so we turn low blow no way not low
yeah low blow he was oh yeah yeah low
blow could be low blow is a mix between
an action movie and a point-and-click
adventure cuz it's a detective story
okay okay well then like randomly it'll
have a gun battle and a driving sequence
but the car does not drive straight do
you get points for like running into
mailboxes not during an action sequence
just when you're like driving around
like bonus points for running into
things agreed it's so easy it's so it's
so easy that's right this way
low blow would have to be like a grand
theft auto type of game absolutely
little pared down but will Oh nope this
might not have been the right way yeah
saw that coming he's still swimming he's
still making oh god that doesn't sound
right
that doesn't let's play after after
combing off a pair of rock okay I have
never seen the word Korean I have never
either do you think that was supposed to
be careening yes I do I do think that
and I and chat chat can you do me a
favor and see if Koroma ng is a real
word no okay okay so Sierra games we
caught you they did it again we caught
you alright it's a real word oh it is to
make a strike a rebound Wow
make a Khurram our ohm all right then
well shit okay well then it will go this
way good thing I saved right before that
fork in the road
monkeys cat says hey rich and Jack hey
do you think there's still a market for
non point-and-click adventure games
considering adventure games the whole of
dwindled over the years thanks for the
stream no other than as a nostalgia trip
for people like me and there's not many
of me
yeah you know they do have what do they
have ai ai ai play around with it every
once in a while a for smartphones they
actually have what is it called its
called frats FR otz and it is a it is a
program for text adventures the only
problem is it's only text adventures but
you know text only but but you know you
type on your phone you look around you
do all the things and it's it can be
really fun can I point out you know that
the adventure
genre did not die off until they all
became point clicks I'm just well I'm
just saying but was it ever big to begin
with I think you know like this well I
don't know what you call this version of
a of a text adventure but you know like
there there was a time when you could
walk into like software etc and a fair
amount of the games would be some kind
of adventure game yes okay well like
what do you call this type of an
adventure game where you still walk
around just an adventure game right just
system ciara used I think specific like
a parser a parser Texas yeah so I'd like
I guess that's the thing where it's like
I think this is the zenith like still
being able to walk around but typing to
do stuff I think I think Sarah were the
only ones to really do this oh yeah yeah
I mean you had a lot of people did just
plain old text adventures right and then
LucasArts started doing the
point-and-click and then everyone was
started doing the point-and-click yeah
but as far as I know this walk around
where you also type I think that was
only Sierra really they had the market
chance gonna pull something out of there
but then I don't know about but new
frats games keep being made to this day
no and you know what the frats games are
fun and they're like they're short
they're like the Frog fractions they're
short little text adventure games and I
I really like that I dig that out every
once in a while I think that's really
fun it is a little tough like when
you're on your phone to kind of like
scroll back throughout like what have I
already done where am I supposed to go
keeping track of that but I can you know
what I could see I could see text
adventures making a comeback on
something like an iPad because they
don't really have the keyboards they
don't really have keyboards but here's
here's what you're missing here's what
you're missing like using the phone yeah
I also want a little area where I can
make notes mm-hmm and so like if you
have your iPad right you could have you
know like have it and then have one area
where you know you're just you're typing
and you're texting and then the other we
can you can draw little pictures yeah
and you're like okay here's the
map layout I think there's a box here
I've already looked here and you could
actually like draw out your own map on
half of the screen yeah and then the
other half is just for typing and they
don't really have keyboards but you
don't need fast typing you just need a
fishing typing right and so like I think
that would be a way to bring it into the
modern age okay
a froths plus if you will Jack there is
a great discussion by Roberta Williams
talking about how games like doom
changed gaming for the worse her point
was that adventure more methodical games
were much more common in her heyday lol
well more like payday was roberta
williams from sierra gay husband were
sierra it's like yeah yeah ok i'll
disagree as far as saying for the worst
maybe maybe maybe not to her taste right
i i would those but i do think it's fair
to say that stuff like doom did kill off
stuff like this and that's a shame well
yeah but I'm certainly not gonna take a
look at doom and say it's terrible or
that it ruined video games I say I'd say
honestly I would say consoles have more
to do with that the threat is you're not
you know you didn't have you didn't have
typing in the consoles it was all 100%
well he's just some puzzle games but you
didn't really have like adventure games
on the console it was just not a good
John where that worked or existed there
maniac mansion is like the one exception
I could very well like the
point-and-click could kind of work
because you could just need to move your
cursor around yeah thumb stick so well
they tried it with they ported King's
Quest 5 to the NES I don't think I don't
think it's sold very well sure
so I'd say I'd say the consoles had more
to do with the death of that type of
game than doom did hmm sure
let's see here as you enter another of
the mysterious subterranean chambers you
realize that the water is now racing
towards a giant whirlpool in the middle
of the area you are caught in a strong
current powerless to alter your course
okay sir axel on the chat saying
point-and-click us all over consoles
it's called telltale you mean you mean
the QuickTime event games there aren't
all they don't at all resemble adventure
games oh my god those games suck you
know you know what what's available
right now and that did not exist in the
in the 80s and 90s which is the era
we're talking about rich I finally
played my first telltale game yeah
because the first chapter of the
telltale Batman series is available for
free on the iPad yeah like hey test it
out see if you like it
it's garbage man it's good like it is
it's nothing but QuickTime event and
pressing a button I know and all of the
decisions that you have to make in the
story there's a timer on them and so if
you want to like really like like think
about like what Batman would do in this
situation or what your you want their
character to do there's a little timer
so you gotta like make quick decisions
for those Oh what garbage oh I got
pooped out I remember liking the first
part of Telltale's The Walking Dead
mm-hmm but I would not call that an
adventure game first first off I
wouldn't I call that an adventure game
and then I I quickly lost interest once
the you know read more on the series
it's and it turned out that like the the
choices you're making on Paul bullshit
it's all bullshit geez that was quite a
trip
peering around you find yourself back in
the open again okay look around you are
in a pool it is fed by a waterfall which
spews from a strange rock face and
actually pardon me an actual face an
ugly one at that is carved into the rock
it must be hundreds of years old okay
this grim fandago count because that
works on the ps4 what's gonna ps4 we're
talking about what what would killed off
these games in the first place back in
the 90s yeah I'm sure it was hard to
port your your adventure game to the NES
you got maniac mansion and like you said
you said King's Quest one of the kings
quiz yeah right like that's it that's
what we got I don't think it's so very
well right you are in a little clearing
which is surrounded by large boulders
and impenetrable brush there is water in
which you entered at the bottom left you
can just see a landing platform in the
distance that's the best that's the Jedi
return the Jedi base and and yes chant I
have seen the absolutely adorable I
asked Jack to send me in a a link to it
of the image somebody drew I did take
the birthday boy riding the Showbiz
Pizza Bearer it's indeed by the way did
you click on the larger you can get that
large format it looks great we got to
get we got to get one for the studio
well frame it rich it'll be great I love
it I love it it's gorgeous
it is gorgeous
they're telling you to pick up a rock
pick up a rock I don't have a rock thing
somebody telling you to pick one out
should I save first say first always
save I'm saving all the time
half 78 cents rich speaking of put and
click have you played the Star Trek TNG
PC game final immunity might make a fun
stream after Space Quest 2 I've not
played that one I have played the the
original series once they had the voices
never that we streamed that once oh yeah
when he fifth anniversary yeah
it's not familiar with those it's neat
because they got the cash back but
that's pretty important it's fine it's
fine
there's nothing pretty guest about the
rocks people there's nothing there's
nothing I could learn from the rocks
doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo big
access did you ever play the wind hem
classics that predated some of the seer
our originals below the root was my
favorite also Alice in Wonderland creepy
early Metroidvania esque Jack might
really enjoy him all right I am just not
familiar with those at all what are they
so wind wind ham classics wind him okay
hold on well what was the cold wind ham
no but Alice Alice in Wonderland he said
something about root and below the root
below root it's not on GOG below the
root is not on GOG I'm just gonna open
up another tab real quick here cuz you
know rich is saying like we're looking
for non seer below the root below the
root video game boom got it up we will
look into that later okay boom all right
the rocks in this region are all gray
and fairly rounded there appears to be
nothing of interest about them well shit
look brick mr. dick I don't understand
brick fucking rides you can fucking you
keep questioning so I just when I get
caught up real quick ER and we get
behind requesting Miss tutsis fun stream
guys
reminds me of frog fractions and that
time Jack got addicted to making bug
porn love you hacks thank you for one I
wouldn't say addicted I was just you
know like I was working I was actually
was not very good at making bug porn
yeah until the chat told me how to cheat
she's bunch of cheaters Joe kitty
double-o one says hey guys there's a
point-and-click point and click game
called Harvester Sun GOG
and it's a spoopy game okay this game is
pretty scary I mean we've met monsters
nice lime rock that wouldn't be helpful
are you sure because if I climb the rock
I'd be closer to the fucking platform
you sure that would be helpful game is
dave bautista gonna outshine the rock
he's already been in better movies than
the rock but have the movies been good
because of dave bautista like primarily
a little bit he's great as direct as
Drax I haven't seen him in Blade Runner
good here he the rock Dwayne the rock
Johnson is one hell of a charismatic man
he can carry a film
fuck yeah and dave bautista carry a film
so far I would say we don't have the
data to perform that calculation but my
assumption would be no the rock has a
presence
Batista might even be a better actor
right but right Rock has a presence as
an he has an aroma about him he might be
just better at finding good scripts too
though this is smart smart too starring
Guardians that was some smart shit yeah
that was the role to take that was that
was a good call on his part and he
played it great you can see a landing
platform in the distance all right so
what's going on come when you get around
okay north north west yeah an
impenetrable brush like up in the North
West like diagonal you can't get up in
there Bush oh wait
can I get on the other side of that bush
no and I'm here foliage all right what
about just flat out west but behind that
bush to the north yeah you can't get
behind the bush no no I mean I west the
other way left no oh do do do do do do
do do do do like here boom foliage
and I need you no okay okay
worth a shot oh yeah let's take a look
at that face what do we got
face yeah I'm caught up with the tips
I'm gonna be in full on puzzling mode
now rich said went west but Jack went
east is very well I get my left and
rights confused a lot same with vested
Western is less than East oh yeah but I
mean that's all they are they're left
and rights I get them confused a lot you
know what I always pissed the hell out
of me is people who would go I just do
just do this and the one that's an L is
left right ya ever do that you have
teachers tell you them no no she's the
one I write with this right sure that's
another way to help remember but I I
would always get left and right confused
and and say do this but you know I
sometimes see letters backwards out of
order and so they tell me to do this and
I'm still wasn't able to figure out left
to right even by hundreds of times they
told me that is good Oh what bothered
the fuck out of me check on a look at
face that was fucking thing I've ever
heard they are both an L to a dyslexic
yeah no that would by the way that's the
point of my story is it is is it was
very frustrating for me the strange ugly
face as a look of disgust edged into it
the waterfall streams from the open
contorted mouth this must have been
carved by members of an early
civilization if this was their God
imagine how ugly the common man looked
like it climb on something we dive here
oh I suppose we're swimming let's save
let's we're already saved in here we
probably everybody you know no it
doesn't hurt and I guess to have another
save hold breath hold breath there's
nothing of interest below the surface of
the water out again okay oh can we swim
left I don't believe so
no okay
yeah oh yeah we we talked about that a
while ago jack is super dyslexic is
there anything on this pedestal I tried
I tried to climb climb Rock
you can't pull yourself out of the water
here I pull myself out of the water here
climb no but we talked about that a
while ago and just recently I had a I
had it like a like a what do you call it
what do you call it when you get a war
flashback a trauma flashback because I
saw I saw someone try to explain to
their kids left and right bye guys and
he was just like oh my childhood it was
I mean I try I didn't freak out that
much but I freaked out like a little bit
just child which one do you write with
all right with this one that's your
right all right well this was that your
left right all right oh no man you know
like after you know after I calmed down
from my from my stress nightmare like
they said that to the kid and the kid
got it right away oh yeah this is left
okay great like they understood it
finally yeah smarter than me see you
look at water fall what are fall races
from the face to collide with the
relatively smooth surface of the pool
swim up waterfall you know what I'm
gonna try this were a Looney Tunes game
that would totally be a solution water
oh my god wouldn't that be great a
Looney Tunes
adventures because then like your
imagination possibly too much though if
there's no rules of logic how do you
solve logic based puzzles it would have
to be a short very short game climb some
of the things we can get up in the Nook
on the right north which I doubt that
look what's the check it there's a
little area green between two boulders
in the far right we'll check yeah we'll
check it out check it out let's check it
out ya know it kind of looks like I'm
doing something nasty to that nook right
now but that's about someone's saying
can we climb the vines but I'm not I'm
not sure we're climbing this gets us
back it's the other way doesn't seem to
have an exit but you know out of here
I'm okay I'm right next to the vine
we'll try that yeah I can't pull
yourself out of the water here all right
Chad no now I've seen spoilers possibly
I don't know maybe it's just their
suggestion I don't know it's that's
really tough it's tough to say with
what's spoiler you know who's really I
don't know if I should say yeah we we
tried holding our breath again it did
not work okay the trees coated with a
slimy film making it unclimbed ball
uncle kulikov says there's a dune
adventure game where you control space
mining a war with the Harkonnen and
eventually seeding the planet with life
okay meet fiery dog poop says Jack I
just finished watching American vandal
it was such a great watch I was laughing
and grinning the entire way right any
other mockeries you would suggest
mockumentary um you know what I feel
like the entire mockumentary genre has
been ruined by David guest yeah you ever
see any
his like waiting for Guffman or Best in
Show or mighty wind familiar with him or
spinal tap
I know the Cavs that's the same as a
mighty wind
he didn't direct that one hit and
directed by Rob Reiner buddy yeah he
wrote that arena wrote it right but you
like I feel like for a long time any
sort of mockumentary was just trying to
be as good as David gest I have a
suggestion then yeah documentary now
which is available on Netflix Oh rich
brings it documentary now is great
documentary now is fantastic it's a
series on Netflix and each each episode
of the series is an entirely different
style of mockumentary with like some of
the same actors it's a it's a oh fuck
who's the people in it know what that
one guy from Portlandia what's his name
I don't know his name the guys from
Portlandia red Armisen okay and the
other guy who's amazing oh my god
terrible Fred Armisen and Bill Hader
Thank You drainable and Bill Hader and
it like it's literally every episode is
a new satire of a very specific
documentary like they have one that just
takes the piss out of Nanook of the
north it's great it's oh it's fantastic
it's all fantastic that that's great if
you have seen what we do in the shadows
I still think that's even a little David
gest tea but I like the people in it
obviously like is uh that's a lot of the
flight of the conchords guys that's Tiki
makalah his first movie who's doing the
Thor Ragnarok but but ya know all those
are good none of them have like the
serious tone of well I Center II now
does fuck ya documentary now is great
rich brings it
I think and cry what's what's in our
inventory what do we do what do we do
sit down
say what ok we got it we got our
supporter we got our whistle I guess we
could try whistling we got a puzzle
we got a glowing gem we have a caged key
and a key card um let's go back to our
fountain here's my logic here's my logic
that might be crazy I don't say anything
I've read a ton of spoilers here my
logic was like maybe if I use the
whistle here like mix rocks fall like Oh
God Oh have you seen ok this is
something different game spoilers yeah
there's no prompt to you there's no
logic behind easing a whistle here I'll
agree to that I'll agree to that you
give the whistle a toot it makes an odd
sound you hear an incredible whirring
and grinding sound coming from the north
suddenly a lady i'm terribiy father's
into the room like a tornado it looks
like he could do as much damage his wife
I'm gonna say right into the water that
thing's gonna eat you
eat it terror bees well now what we'll
go away try going off-screen
peace motherfucker yeah
Looney Tunes after and suddenly the
Tasmania I mean not Tasmanian devil
shows up blank should we say if we
should probably save I don't think you
have another spoiler I read earlier oh
you people you ruined the joy of solving
puzzles
gonna see what happens I can't help you
at this point I've read too much of the
chat ok what do those pleiades guys
spoilers of a game i solved decades ago
well because I saw that decades ago I
don't remember much dang
allowing the guard to observe you was
not very Swift he has disassembled you
probably adding a little excitement to
his otherwise don't damn well good thing
we saved all right in the fucking cave
go in the fucking cave you fuck fuck
get the fuck out of cave I'm behind a
bush you can't see me now
so he shot me last time I left a bush so
bushes are covered yeah okay and he's
being a lookout that we're gonna go to
the next bush man oh shit I gotta be
faster
well even once you get up closer there's
no way you're gonna get over to that
that door on the right before you shoot
you there's gonna have to be something
you do is it door on the right and the
base it looks like this is door on the
right did you try looking around I did
not I just started moving because I'm a
dummy rich area you are in a small
clearing before you stands a large
elevated platform much like the one in
which you landed when arriving on this
planet on one leg of a platform is an
elevator door a guard patrols the
mid-level
um alright alright alright let's just do
this hard does let's think outside the
box how would you get how would you get
through her uh you know in a normal game
you'd wait so then the game not in the
game real life how'd you get through
this in real life that's how you got to
think no I would crawl again you know
and through a wide to open area that
probably wouldn't work well I've called
the next Bush and wait for him to you
know not look mmm I would distract the
guard good okay what I would do how nope
I'm throwing a puzzle all right I feel
like you've gotten close enough okay you
can pick up a rock after the Tasmanian
Devil through the rock you can pick up a
smaller rock I suppose I didn't like
look around after the has main in devil
chat that's why people were telling me
to pick up a rock earlier yeah they were
reading spill trying to spoil all of the
puzzles in this puzzle game making
playing it completely pointless what a
bunch of dickheads I know you send the
stone flying into the bushes you here at
land oh can you go my weight as he does
he come down to search or I don't know
we'll see what happens you probably have
to be behind the other bush which wasn't
gonna search I don't know which one did
I throw it in all right so I think we're
behind the other bush yeah we'll be okay
right
pick up rock go fucking caught on rocks
all right throw rock no
I can't be behind this bush I have to
get over on this side no you're on the
open there I think you have to be right
behind it right behind the thick part
right behind the thick part that's what
you had to I swear it's gonna be what
you have to do I mean I agree but like
that doesn't that doesn't drive with
spatial reasoning he's looking he's not
he's not looking that way he's not
looking that way it makes sense it makes
sense I'm down with the logic of this
I'm done with it I'm done with the logic
I just sound like in the in the area as
given to us notice at the time he walks
past you he's he's not gonna be looking
behind that bush she said it makes sense
I'm okay with it stay there stay there
and now go round go round
oh my god oh my god don't get stuck on
the bush you're gonna get stuck on the
bush he's looking through the bushes
it's fine it's fine everything's gonna
be fine I mean it's gonna be fine
you have to think like a two-dimensional
iPhone I know as soon as the elevator
door closes behind you the platform on
which arrest begins to rise save save
save save safe motherfucker I remember I
remember liking really liking this next
section of game in general you know what
let's uh
you were on the landing platform where
shuttle sits quietly nearby you see lush
green all around open door oh okay I'm
inside now do we save yeah okay okay
yeah yeah yeah
look around you are inside the shuttle
cockpit there is an instrument panel
before you between your legs is a
throttle you can see the local treetops
oh I guess there's an other solution we
didn't do it doesn't matter huh
put the rock in the supporter and sling
it at the garden I want to use that
supporter somewhere but we have an older
save can we just try not to see I mean
you know when is that f7 because 32 is
there so that I'd be 32 yeah yeah get
rock put rock and sling let's see if
that works
hey what that'd be cute yeah yeah I'll
be cured rock and oh the supporter and
supporter that act would lack any
serious gratification now use rock and
supporter use rock and supporter mm
slinging it rock you sent the rock
flying into the bush oh you hear Atlanta
sling rock at man try that
oh sure um well no I got up Oh nope it's
gate 7
all right your sling yes sling rock
Edgard sure alright we will try that
okay sling rock at guard oh shit no the
sling rock at guard is how you spell
guard you cleverly use the athletic
supporter to sling the rock of the guard
it makes serious contact with the side
of his head
we like the way you think Hey we kill
them we kill them he drops like a lead
parakeet the ripe thud of impact is
momentarily sickening search that
fucking body yeah fuck yeah yeah I
killed a man there was a whole thing
with giving the Tasmanian Devil the
Rubik's Cube yeah well what why would I
even think to do that right these are
like the bonus points yeah I know but
there should be some kind of logic
behind any of the solutions yeah
especially ones that give you bonus
points I want some logic behind this
shit not random giving the Tasmanian
Devil the puzzle is random where's the
hint I need a hint he doesn't have
anything on his body okay yeah at least
this I could see that like you know um
opening the door Oh use key card can lay
down one of your options use the key
card in door on door does not compute
insert key card insert key card you
slide the key card into the slot then
remove it in there oh it's so
interesting so either you get him to
come down and he leaves the door open or
you have to use oh yeah all right area
all right and blue we're on the platform
again and open
and do our what you recall from when you
landed the entry hatch being on the rear
left of the shuttle open door and let's
save that game let's just do that old
save game we'll just save over this one
all right um
turn oh heck uh says I'm throwing away
$2 just to
