Episode 883
Coffee and Strigas (Part 2)
October 28, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tHD4kJSMCG8
___________________________________________

it works oh my I have I have no idea
what happened there so uh we we put
these microphones into the zoom h6 and
that gets plugged in to xsplit right the
zoom h6 has volume indicators on it or
you know level indicators and so when we
talk we can see the green line bob up
and down on the h6 the h6 everything was
fine it was in xsplit something clicked
over and it started flipping the fuck
out no he wasn't making I have no idea
what kind of noise it was making I
Mexican them yeah what happened guys
what did it sound like what did it sound
like on your end static static alright
yeah I have no idea what happened next
time do we have a mute microphone button
oh we should on that this is mute yeah
hey yeah so next thing that happens we
have a quick wave I didn't even know
what was happening I thought I just
thought we were dead I just thought that
sound when I was right right right
so we we fixed it that's all that
matters
maybe well for now that's all that
matters but how strange
Oh No look I have three iridium bars I
could get some iridium supreme could you
could or you could level up one of your
tools if you get to Mordor I feel like
the iridium level tool just you know
like I just don't care about having a
decision it's probably better it's
probably better to have uh sprinklers
right but here's the thing that the
sprinklers I guess if you buy them from
the shop on Fridays easier to come by
well then too many rocks I just have too
many fucking rocks rocks bombs it's 11
a.m. it's 11 a.m. already rich
it's Sunday I could check the you know
what I might as well change over my
coffee and eggs as long as I'm over here
300 on dresses sorry about that loud
noise I just farted
Oh Rachel you a gym carry fan
no really I don't hate him I don't hate
him but no I never I don't dig a check
that much Ace Ventura was funny the
first time I saw it and then I was done
really yeah
oh man I saw a sprinter and I was hooked
fucking hooked but he kept going stop is
everyone I'm really excited about John
and Andy or Jim and Andy what is it
what's the movie called Jim and Andy
it's a documentary about the making of
man on the moon all right there man in
the man in the moon yeah yeah and
apparently you know like Jim Carrey got
so into the character of Andy Kaufman
that he was mirroring a lot of his
behaviors on set and would like refuse
to get out of character at points and it
got it got a little insane and and it's
coming to Netflix I don't know that he
was all that great and man in the he was
great and man in the moon you're an
you're an insane person junk
again what's the stuff to sell I don't
think as rubber faces our genius
no they're just goofy faces sorry but
it's not it's not terrible I don't hate
them just don't love Jim Carrey
plink
Jim and Andy is what it's called Thank
You captain nitpick for the trailer it
looks it looks good if you liked the
movie or Andy Kaufman in general it
looks like a fun watch looks like a fun
not watching about go so all this crap
maybe I'll go back to the lines
Domon Dumb and Dumber was the
end-all-be-all for quite some time as
far as The Truman Show Jim Carrey should
have played one of the actors pretending
to be the protagonist friend more so
than the protagonist he was so good in
the Truman Show but he was so fucking
good he would have been better as
someone playing a fake sitcom character
he could have also done that but he was
so fucking good in that lead role I'm
not saying I hate Jim Carrey and
everything he's done it sounds like
you're saying you hate Jim Carrey and
everything he's done and you wish that
he would never become an actor that's
what it sounds like you're saying
all right all right we're good I love
when Rich realizes he's wrong his voice
goes up four octaves ah you like to
believe I realize I'm wrong as you
disagree with me that's so cute you know
here's here's a little trick on how how
to how to spot when Rich realizes he's
wrong and you know like I think I've
known you for long enough for ya
right I know all the tricks now is is
what will happen is ritual go oh you
know that thing I talked about I think I
was wrong about that upfront yeah yeah
and you'll just go you know like I heard
this but I think of what I heard was
wrong and so yeah I think I was wrong
about that
that's the little it's a little trick
and it's hard to notice but that's how
you spotting people back to the mine oh
that's right oh when I oh we can hold
this whole area rich we're gonna we're
gonna hoe it we're gonna howl it hard if
you've given up the coffee farm you've
gone into prostitution it's a viable
it's a viable life rich I mean let's be
honest is basically what marriage is in
this game got to give all the gifts you
know take anyone out on dates you just
give a presence until they're your wife
dating mechanic we could use a dating
mechanic dating mechanic and I guess
that's that's an interesting idea jack
and you know like that's kind of the
gifts cuz you have to theoretically you
have to learn what people like right and
so it's kind of in there but you know
maybe maybe a some sort of date like
like you find out that you know later
figure out where they'd like to go right
Leia really likes camping and so you
take her on a camping trip or yeah
something like that
doesn't care for the movies all that
much mmm don't take Leia into town she
doesn't like going to the city right
right right right
just kind of an extra way to get to know
people Leia Leah whatever is it layer
Leah I'm terrible with stuff like that
Star Wars is probably forever fuck me up
of how to pronounce Li la oh I only lean
this is great this is just nothing it's
not giving me much I love to know that I
can hoe in these areas though I'd love
to know that I can hoe it up gotta find
me this dwarf scroll it's aggravating to
me that I
it's especially aggravating to me that
I'm missing one
you know like number one out of four I
have two three and four like how did I
miss the first one you know should have
come to me in order I'm sorry you should
be I blame you uh rebel basis hey guys
rebel base was wondering if you knew
about the Punisher series releasing on
November 17th yes you are gonna do your
Punisher retrospective we were gonna do
a Punisher retrospective oh I
we off handedly mentioned how that could
be a fun video before the new Punisher
series comes out as take a look at the
Dolph Lundgren Pow Wow the Thomas Jane
Punisher the the other Punisher war zone
which is supposed to be good actually
it's probably not gonna happen there's
so much shit don't remember that it was
it was an offhanded remark oh we thought
it would be a fun idea it still could be
a fun idea I just don't see it happening
cuz I know the all the other videos that
are being made yeah Cyrus the mild cold
says did you hear that
Amazon wants to install a smartlock plus
camera in your home dwarfs gray I got
that one wrong Jack doesn't care about
having his privacy violated because he
just found the dwarfs cool I wasn't even
I was a half paying Amazon wants you to
do what now wait I just got the fucking
dwarf scroll rich that's what I was
working towards and I did it why do you
care about my mom I'm sorry well that's
fine go talk to the dwarf okay yeah
we're her gaming streaming I think the
game takes priority
sometimes it does you did the thing that
you've been trying to do well I think I
have to donate it before I talk to the
dwarf right I'm not like Karen when I'm
gonna shit on the moment where you
finally you know kill Jason in a game
I'm not gonna do that let's talk to that
fucking dwarf Jack and I love that clip
so much jeez Karen just could not care
less
we killed Jason and Karen goes yeah I've
been reading some books I need to donate
it to the music oh that's right so in
the museum's closed oh no you know we'll
take a leisurely walk through town see
if there's anything to pan for anyone
who doesn't know oh you know Oh a kit I
brought an extra weapon that I can sell
at the guild here okay so what's the
same as I want to do they want to
install a smartlock and camera in your
home so the delivery guy can enter and
leave packages when you're not home it's
dumb on so many levels
as long as it's optional I don't give a
shit if somebody wants to do that so
long as it's optional install a
smartlock on your home I don't know what
makes it a smart log and just just just
have one key the Amazon guy can use I
don't know well no you have to have like
80,000 yeah he's a smart lock that the
Amazon guy could enter your home and
leave your pet so here's the thing you'd
only want to do this yeah if you
frequently have expensive things shipped
to your home that you're worried about
somebody's stealing Raj but they would
have you know probably just expensive
things you're giving the Amazon delivery
guy access and knowledge to who gets
expensive things delivered to their home
on a regular basis it's the system is
right for abuse you know I totally agree
and I guess if you are getting if you
are often getting expensive things
delivered to your house make sure
someone's there get it get a babysitter
or something you know I did it yeah that
seems like a terrible idea okay
that seems like a terrible idea in case
anyone has never seen the quarry you can
unlock this quarry area which is total
bullshit
this quarry area let me tell you about
this quarry area not worth it I agree
jack
I agree like new rocks pop up every once
in a while and then like when you send
them or shit rocks ninety percent of our
shit rocks I just got one some or like
this quarry is replaced by two levels of
the mine it's not you know like
basically your only unlocking this to be
a complete one one level of the mind
right sometimes not even that and I get
it it's just like a little bonus thing
but it is not worth it at all so if you
have to prioritize a thing down like
green house number one get your green
house that is helpful all the time but
don't don't fucking worry about that
quarry awesome TV you know screw you I'm
not reading that it's fair you get to
choose what you read that's totally fair
no way thanks thanks for five dollars
like okay I hear by the way here's
here's my I have a counter I have a
counter system yeah I'm gonna call it
the Jack Assam system uh-huh that I'm
gonna sell the people what it is is it's
a box that can go on your porch with a
lock on it that's that's a better idea
and that's it like it's just a box it's
like the box isn't big enough huh what
if the box isn't big enough if you're
getting something that fucking big be
home be home for that shit like or most
likely it's just every random everyday
stuff so you get a big box and it works
just like a fucking mailbox where
someone can drop in a package but then
it drops down into a locked area and
it's just a box with a lock on it share
that lock information with your Amazon
delivery guy not that not a key to your
fucking house I'm getting a little David
Lynch II here who would watch a movie on
their goddamn iPhone
but yeah I think giving someone you know
what I'm with you I'm here it's late at
night and think through some garbage
Steve Zissou tenses Congrats on finding
the dwarf scroll Jack I feel really good
about finding the door scroll
congratulations
I've been I've been trying to do that
for a while tomorrow I'm gonna donate it
to the museum we're gonna have a little
sit-down with the dwarf first I'm gonna
dig through some oh shit no he didn't
see me
he'd probably see me if I dug through
this garbage right but he's facing a
different direction who's that oh I
wouldn't what's that yeah but Kent's not
my friend anyway if you don't give a
shit then do it I don't care what I'm
doing you want you know your insult man
no we didn't notice okay just dug
through your garbage turn around right
after you did it yeah that was close one
yeah really close one that caught
rummaging and the garbage can like a
hobo but I could have gotten I could
have gotten a slice of bread or
something rich you know commit see and
we were just talking about tangerine
being filmed on a fucking iPhone today
have you seen the rig they used to film
that movie I like it was filmed with an
iPhone hooked up to a lens rig it was
not just filmed on an iPhone there was a
whole bunch of Hubbell Balu around to
film tangerine that wings dad Dwarfs
Grover hold on dear now we'll get over
that
keep alright making some decisions here
do keep the iron keep the coal get my
eggs and coffee beans switch that out
before it gets morning I know I know
it's leak time today get all my beans
today yeah yeah I did
alright great every you know what
everything's going great everything's
going great I feel good about today
today was a productive day it happened
it finally happened my bombs away we
don't need their bombs anymore finally
got your scroll and got my scribe and I
can't use it you can't use it yet check
hey that doesn't matter
you can't doesn't matter I got it I got
it that's all that matters don't sell
the scroll that's important don't sell
the scroll all right and bedtime
wait are you barrel-aging coffee in this
game yes the the the only way to brew
coffee so like you know the bean is
obviously come from the plant but the
only way to make coffee is to put five
coffee beans in your keg and that brews
the coffee right right five coffee beans
equal one cup of coffee that was pretty
productive damn but if you want to think
about it as barrel-aged I'm gonna be
okay with that and you know it's in a
keg with a tapper so we could even think
about it as nitro coffee and I don't
know if you guys have ever had
iced coffee or cold brew coffee through
Nitro but it's amazing they they put
they put it into a thing like for beer
with a nitrous with nitrous oxide
nitrous injector and it makes it smoothy
smooth and creamy
it's
right nitro coffee hey baby what's her
favorite Star Trek
why can't say I can't speak for my I
don't know
I could presume but I have nine I don't
know for sure I'm gonna said TNG I'm
also gonna say TNG then TOS then ds9
prepare chickens at the door again hi
everybody hi chickens so I wish the mild
cold saw American vandal and Jack's
recommendation oMG it's so great
oh yeah glad you liked it by the time it
ends you're totally invested in the
characters and it transcends the dick
joke premise ten of ten this that's the
real thing with American vandal is like
it's it starts off just as a parody you
know like it's just like ha true crime
true cut crime about you know someone
drawing dicks right right right
real funny there we go
but you get invested in the mystery you
get invested in the story but they keep
like the whole thing is about someone
drawing dicks and so like it echo it
ebbs and flows where you just like super
into the mystery super into like oh man
I'm gonna visit dick joke it's it's
great I might need to watch this
I really think you would if because I
know you like true crime stuff I think
you would enjoy it but then like you
know it's also it also gets a little
meta sometimes because the guy or the
kids who are making this are in the high
school AV Club yeah and so like they're
filming a lot in school and then it
becomes popular and people like start
noticing them filming when they're
trying to film their dramatic b-roll and
like other students like hey what are
you doing you're working on the
documentary it's fun now it's great I
can't recommend American vandal enough
so I have a question for you Jay Oh
I'm just doing this the whole night now
is that the plan no okay the well we've
been over an hour I'm just let you know
well you know I guess that's the thing
it depends okay last I checked we still
had a ways to go with our download of
the other other thing we were thinking
about playing hold on I'll check that
real quick because they can't see we're
gonna keep it a Miss it is it is still
downloading while we play all right of
course yeah oh yeah okay oh sorry what
time did we start we started a little
before 4:00 right yeah okay yeah it's
just been an hour we're fine we're fine
well we'll have time we should have time
to play at least an hour or so of this
as well okay okay um just I mean I could
play stardew valley and if you want to
that's fine
all my but you know there's some things
that I want to talk about with the other
thing so yeah it's not it's not shadow
of one we were thinking about playing
we're thinking about it something
arguably more interesting came up the
you know for you the viewers pretty well
that's the thing and you know we we
could have played shadow of Mordor and
jibber-jabber about nonsense and whatnot
but there's actually something gameplay
wise that that I wanna that I have
something to talk about and I know rich
would at least be interested in and
engaged in the conversation hopefully
you know speaking though speaking of
shadow of war and more Lord of the Rings
yeah a question okay I'm right lore the
Rings right Lord of the Rings is the
ending of the trilogy is the ending of
Lord of the Rings is that is that sad or
pathetic or I or put is it pathetic
or is it poetic which ending are we
talking about you a Frodo failing to
complete his mission wasting everybody's
time for three movies and then Gollum
accidentally saving the day I'm not sure
if it's pathetic or poetic
well I'm gonna call it poetic uh-huh
because one it shows the power of greed
and gal gollum gollum gollum is then
defeated by the ultimate power which is
greed yeah right because go Gollum could
have gotten out he could have saved
himself but he wanted his precious yeah
so I'm gonna say it's poet it's poetic I
think it's poignant to the point of the
story which is this big burden actually
did defeat Frodo I know I know it's
magic is there is there enough of a
reason to actually walk the ring you
don't get much out of it
you get invisibility I know I know the
magical lore of magic green I get it
well I was gonna say I think that go
into this a little bit more in the books
better it's been a long time since I
read the box uh-huh but it's it's not
it's not just the magical lure of greed
it the ring actually has control over
you like the ring it calls to you it's
it's more akin to well if it's taking
over your mind rather than tempting you
that's less interesting to me it needs
to be a temptation
though I think the way that Tolkien
describes it is he doesn't describe it
like this but what I took away from it
was it's like a drug where like it has
this like buzz about it it has this
power okay and when you don't have it
anymore it's like you want that out you
the feeling of power back okay so that's
how I've always interpreted it I
obviously could be wrong also
Samwise is so much more than fucking
Frodo it's so much what so much better
than fucking Frodo well yeah but he's
Sam wise all the way but Sam wise also
didn't carry the burden as long rich Sam
why he said didn't he relinquished it
though once once the it came up I had it
for a while right the ring a little bit
but like he didn't have it nearly as
often as for him he did volunteer no but
he did voluntarily give it up when when
the time came to give it back to Frodo
right yes but that's not that's not
comparable
okay okay if frodo is the attic Samwise
is a person who had a drink once and was
okay not having another one you know if
we're gonna go with that metaphor so I
don't know if that's comparable Sambo
same wise is a fine carry is it possible
that he's somewhat immune just because
Sam was relatively humble he just just
wants to be with his wife in the Shire
well that's why they say like that's why
they say hobbits in general okay can
hold you know cuz if a man if a man
takes the ring or woman you know if a
human takes the ring they are instantly
corrupted but they say that hobbitses
because of their demeanor can actually
hold the ring for as long as they can
okay
yeah and chad is right he was not
married yet he was just interested in
some ladies all right what am I gonna do
today I got my dwarf scroll well I'm
gonna go talk to the dwarf of course but
is that all I'm gonna do today
I should check on that tree for more
resin we'll go for a little horse trip
horse ride we're gonna go to a horse
ride to the museum check in on penny she
likes it when I visit her at work
she thinks it's special Sam is not
adventurous at all that's that's also
true Sam is not an adventure II he's
more than happy to stay in the Shire
whereas Frodo wanted to get out which I
guess you know adds to that a lure a
lure of the ring its power its adventure
resin nice I'm thinking about this
because I kind of want to play shet over
on my own if not on stream okay so I've
been waiting it well I've been play the
first one cuz I never actually finished
the first one oh I just I just fucked
around enjoying the Nemesis system yeah
yeah and I didn't really care that much
about finishing the story okay so I
never actually finished shadow of Mordor
oh I'm playing that and I I was just
reading just about some of this stuff in
Wikipedia just out of curiosity and cuz
he even never read The Lord of the Rings
apparently the cartoon ends differently
than I remember it ending this I saw the
cartoon version when I was a kid the the
rankin/bass skirts yeah okay apparently
I read in the Wikipedia it ends much the
same way where Gollum bites off the ring
and falls into the lava I did I see an
entirely different animated version when
I was younger were Samwise cut off
Frodo's hand did that happen anywhere or
is this some kind of Mandela effect
thing going on for me I clearly remember
the Rankin and bass one ending with Sam
cutting off fritters hand and the hand
falling into the lava
leftover beefcake is saying it was the
anime version so there's a entirely
different version and that's the one
that I saw and I was a kid I have never
heard of the version where Sam cuts off
Frodo's hand that's how I thought it
ended for the longest time I was gonna
shack in the theater when it was going
oh that was a joke
oh and everyone beefcake that was a joke
beefcake you can't joke we take it
seriously no I have not
of this I've never heard of this I'm
experiencing my own Mandela effect then
so obviously I am miss remembering
something you are at well or maybe yeah
you are absolutely missing miss miss
remembering something did he use the
fact face oh sorry I missed it's hard to
the way we have chat hooked up it's hard
for me to see the emojis sorry guys yeah
rich you're just in an alternate
universe maybe that's what you wanted to
happen because you like to Sam so much
that's possible and your and in your and
your head Sam saves the day doing my
reward dwarfish translation guide
teaches me dwarvish boom alright now
where was it do I have my book on on the
dwarf sword
what does Nelson Mandela have to look up
the Mandela effect crazy New Age people
think they're living in a different
universe because they remember something
different than how it actually happened
wait I write in my book but I can't read
dwarf yet did you give did you talk to
him to do the thing did he get this role
yeah and I got my dwarfish translation
I'm gonna hear something well here's
what I'm gonna say maybe you need to
refresh the screen go back in and read
it out you're probably right maybe need
to talk to the dwarf
I got my dwarfish translation guide
check the garbage all right you know
what horse you stay you stay here you
stay here horse check the garbage I'll
be here I'll be back horse you stay
there
also known as self dilute well the
Mandela effect speaks specifically to
people who believe that what they
remember is so true that there must be a
distortion of reality to make it not
true right but I was just some weird
thing I was reading the Wikipedia page
on the Rankine ambass Return of the King
and it just ends entirely differently
than I remember it ending
according to the Wikipedia page an
unqualified bar well oh and unqualified
so maybe whoever edited that Wikipedia
page also remembers it incorrectly
that's possible oh the synopsis
describes Gollum biting off Frodo's
finger in that version as well yes
unless that unless the Wikipedia entry
is wrong possible oh hey wait how do i
buy stuff from you
there we go oh cool okay we can buy
bombs now oh that's a cool looking rare
crow I like that I'm gonna buy that from
you I like that
all right great
good talking with you dwarf so the dwarf
talks to me I got a cool dwarf rare crow
so now we're gonna head back into town
and I'm gonna try to read that dwarf
book what's the fuck what's the fuck
rich do you have a four you sure you
sure you gave him all four I just talked
to the what sitting on them oh she could
talk to the dwarf but you can't read
that
yeah all right go to the cemetery can
you read the one tombstone that was
dwarvish let's find out hi-ho sack
stand between the pillars three with
gift as precious as the sky oh I know so
it's working
a rainbow forged from land not sea then
galaxies will heed your Christ and
between the pillars three hey girl
where's the kids why are you teaching
the kids and Chad I don't think I am
misremembering and the Empire Strikes
Back because there was some I didn't see
empire in the theaters and there was
like a weird delay when Empire
eventually came to video I didn't see
Empire till way late in the game
like later 80s and I saw the return of
the thing that was like really young I
remember when I saw that so I think I
saw that Return of the King cartoon
before I saw the Empire Strikes Back
hmm maybe I need to sleep on it maybe
Shawn might be a weird it might be a
weird glitch might be a weird glitch oh
listen I got the scroll I can talk to
the dwarf now that was the real goal all
this other stuff is bonus oh wait I
guess I got some geodes to process here
all this other garbage is bonus
go make another keg it's not in dwarvish
the book is a different secret oh is
that why well there you go
mmm I totally remember Sam cutting for
IRA's hander his finger off how crazy
yeah thought it was the hand though I
think I think it's great just remember
it that way because that's more fun how
about that get out of the way damn it go
why aren't you working
I donate I can't we're having some
issues here rich we're having some some
switch issues
I can't donate to these tiles and I want
to I have a whole donation system here
like I put it here and a whole donation
system weird weird yeah awesome TV says
watched Gerald's game and 1922 unknit
flicks super good and sorry for being
mean rich please unban me from shadows
I'm in a band you'll be fine
purple space bazooka says you got get
over it sometimes like yeah people get
banded speaking of American vandal yeah
the whole follow the spray can party
breakdown was the best thing I've seen
in ages blew my mind thanks for the
recommendation Jack can't recommend it
enough I don't want to give away too
much but yeah yeah they do they do they
do good work they do good work with that
show Highlander ek says the ring in Lord
of the Ring improves your natural skills
habits are sneaky so it makes them
invisible
waitjust only hobbits go invisible
warrior would become very strong wizard
would be granted godlike powers that's
why Gandalf is afraid of it hmm all
right
hmm all right cool
yeah it's been a while it's been a while
since I've read since I've read the old
lotr I already have these I try to keep
at least you know one or two of every
gem hanging around just in case I needed
for something later I mean I mean
another crate
I need another crate I need a gem only
crate nonsense hi guys oh no no thanks
for the early stream welcome rich Mike
loves to poke fun at you during best of
the worst and you've had to do some
weird stuff as blanket for half in the
bag was has there ever been a time where
you said nope I'm out have I have I ever
been asked to do something and I flat
out said no well you've already talked
about the Darth Vader mask before that I
think is a fair example you didn't say
no I didn't say no but I insisted I'm
wearing the mask right you so you could
retell that story as an example to get
your brain warmed up yeah the the the
jerking off a droid I said I'll do it
but I'm gonna be wearing a mask cuz the
gifts gonna be everywhere yes outside of
the context of the video
and so then you insisted I'm wearing a
Darth Vader mask what I can't think of
anything was just outright known if
there was it was forgotten about it
wasn't a big deal so right the mask
makes it though yes a win-win right
again right like Mike doesn't actually
hate bait whoa rich you're ruining the
whole bit
these are called jokes people the jokes
the meant for joking no you wait when
you we can smelt into something so you
go into this one which is the snuffing
this no patrol says I think you are very
good at this game that is my opinion
thank you and Godspeed
love NOLA Patrol Thank You Mel patrol uh
you know it's it's this game is hard to
be bad at guess how do you how would you
be bad at stardew valley just don't do
anything what if you just don't want to
do anything oh then I guess you're doing
what you want to do see what's the
matter oh shit
see you see the conundrum here pink you
see the conundrum how much to donate for
you to jerk off a droid with no mask
enough that I could buy a house like a
nice house paid in full after taxes like
a nice house a nice house how big how
many bedrooms that's the question how
many bedrooms I'm honest a 4/4 fucking
bedroom is dedicated like I can turn one
into a pool room like billiards more
like basement that more like a basement
like a finish so you want a busy three
bedroom but a nice basement okay and
maybe not finished but finish a bowl
three to four hundred thousand yeah
alright three to four hundred thousand
minimum three hundred thousand we could
make that work minimum
that's fair rich that's fair everybody
has everybody has their costs and as
long as you know what yours is I have a
cost yeah I have a cost everyone has a
price Jack that's totally fair me and
our man taught me that the Million
Dollar Man
everyone has price was one of us
gimmicks he would pay people to do
humiliating things wait what oh is this
a wrestlers wrestling thing I thought
you were talking about I thought you're
talking about the Six Million Dollar Man
no and I was like wait a minute
that's a different thing wait a minute
he paid people to do humiliating this I
thought he was like a hero
what a strange universe that was a
totally different thing did you see they
added Foxx to the Friday the 13th game
rich like fox mulder like an actual like
it like it just a fox an actual woodland
creature that just runs around what the
fuck do you mean need more information
poor fat boy is there like a free
character now who's just like
anthropomorphic Fox Jesus let's go in
the game more we already have bathing
suits which admittedly are attractive to
look at on some of the characters but
also do break a little bit of that
horror immersion you know a little a
little give a little play there we need
some more wood
oh now you get the killer's Jason if the
person layers they should that should
have been like from the get-go oh that
is a great of depth if a person drops
out you still get the kill I think I
think if you're mid animation to it
should finish the animation properly the
satisfaction of reshef in that action
that is that might be some like back-end
stuff where they just can't you know
well I I think the way to fix that is
just make it unbelievable once the
animation is started it's just it's
locked in so you have to like escape the
game like just leave the game if you
wanna if you wanna get out interesting
yeah that's that's probably some
technical mumbo-jumbo that you and I
don't understand but sure sure you know
technical mumbo-jumbo whatever the Nerds
do yeah King you know I should really
move start moving all these kings where
where'd I get Sam cutting off photos
hand from where I get it from you you
have to be you have to be mashing two
things together right so like maybe it's
not an empire thing but maybe it's some
other weird animation that reminded you
like maybe the same company they did
that Lord of the maybe maybe does
someone cut off a hand and I don't know
a secret of NIMH cuz that's a fucking
weirdo cartoon so you know like it's
gotta be it's gotta be in another one of
a weirdo cartoon like that that that you
just missed him together
that's a great coat secret name is
locked up that movie that movie man that
is just all sorts of messed up H barred
with regards to the Mandela effect
people really mad that they've been
transported out of a universe with
lesson Nelson Mandela and more Sinbad
movies it's not so much that they're mad
about it it's just that they believe it
like they're right what what you have
what you have here is a situation in
which a person is still unable to
understand that they're wrong that they
have to leave the boundaries of
understood physics to explain they can't
be wrong the universe has to be wrong
right it's way worse than you think not
only are these people like miss me
remembering something but but they are
so unable to be wrong that everything
else in the universe has to be like I'm
I'm happy to admit yeah I'm obviously
wrong about the Lord of the Rings
cartoon right right
it's just a question of where did I get
this them right now you just wanna solve
them is what is going on right do people
actually believe this or are they just
fucking around people believe some
strange ship people believe some strange
and dumb shit there's no accounting for
people's beliefs i I have a friend back
in Illinois when I was about the high
schooler that believes aliens left him a
message in a pattern in like the rocks
outside the ground of of the place he
worked that there was something strange
about the
and the aliens were trying to send him a
message Oh and he he seems to genuinely
believe that oh no that poor person so
people believe weird things yes yes you
know that's just that's just part of
that's part of life right there people
believe weird stuff and there's nothing
you can do to fix that about them then
you just have to you know hope that it
doesn't mess up your day too much you
know what I had some nice Rockman I'm
gonna start planning out my my my keg
inning here I mean you know what I'm
gonna do it I'm gonna make some Pat's I
have all these rocks and I start making
some pads that would be nice while we
wait for things to download where's all
my what my pants go they put them in
here here yeah there I have to I have
too many uh I just had too many things
all right we're gonna make some nice
stone paths Joramun says in the book
there's an entire extra section where
the hobbits go back to the Shire which
has been industrialized and ruined by a
disguised cerumen his ultimate fate is
actually is the actual pathetic ending
are you kidding Saruman turns a little
Hobbit village into some kind of
industry that happens in the book wait I
thought that was just a nightmare
I thought that was the nightmare that
they envisioned that that or maybe that
was just the way the movie handled
something that was just horribly stupid
it's been so long since I've read the
books I just don't really remember I
just don't get those books
she's not at all I don't I don't you
know like I'm not gonna mile I
understand I guess I kind of understand
why people get into this this deep lore
so much so much detail I get that but
it's not for me yeah
generally speaking I'm not a huge fan of
that kind of fantasy but I get it I get
it I'm gonna start making some paths
here I tried reading Fellowship of the
Ring I I don't think I made it to the
first chapter oh really
yeah bring you guys up yeah Ken I don't
like you guys there also I planted all
these during a lightning storm and got
some batteries and it is not lightning
since it's really upsetting like like
how do the hobbits beat the wizard
sorrow man do they do some like some
goofy scooby-doo esque thing where they
they catch him in a wonky contraption
like how to how these little hobbits
beat this immensely powerful wizard they
convince the trees to fight for them
didn't you see the news
Kenny cast fireball on the trees he's a
wizard well yeah but these are magic
trees and they fight bad magic trees are
immune to fireballs no no some of them
get burnt horribly but they fight back
some of them die actually you know what
that's a you know in the movies and like
I said I'm gonna only reference the
movies because it's been so long since
I've read the books that's actually a
really good section of them have you not
seen the movies long I haven't seen any
of the extended dishes some the fungal
versions only like that's actually a
really neat part of the movie is the two
other hobbits not not Sam and Frodo
yeah hang out with like you know the old
magic trees like the trees who have been
around since before the time of man and
hobbits and they don't want to get
involved in the war because you know to
them it's like this war will be over and
it won't matter to us because we're
trees and we'll be here
- you all are done with your stupid war
right right and they convinced the trees
to get involved because they show them
that like no this will hurt the trees -
and this really neat scene yeah merry
and pippin it's fun that's I liked that
I like that part these guys need to be
far apart from each other no probably
not right yeah you guys over here we're
gonna we're gonna organize the farm a
little bit with our time all right we
got to go to bed but we're gonna move
our Kings tomorrow we're gonna do a
whole thing I'm gonna check on that
download how long we've been going it's
5:40 - so it's been half an hour since
we checked okay what's that what's our
up time looking like oh shit oh shit
it's almost 2 o'clock oh fuck fuck fuck
oh damn it oh I'm gonna fall asleep
outside my damn in 1 hour and 57 minutes
and 23 seconds ago okay well we'll go a
little bit more cuz then we can cut this
up that's fine in two - that's fine
instead of having it just one which is
something we have to think about now I
know dream Itsuki I noticed too late I
know it's too late it got too late
I fell asleep outside my house and now
they're gonna charge me money to drag me
two feet into my bed god damn it
sleeping outside like a homeless person
or you know like someone who camps I
wish oh you know would be nice in this
game a tent
yeah like if you're if you're trapped
and you can't get home you know make it
too easy
just stay out well maybe it takes a lot
of resources to get yourself a tent yeah
but then you could like just hang in the
mines for two days straight are you
anyone I have to leave the mine that's
what I'm saying god that's too much it's
too much
no smooches
yeah what did you what did you charge me
what did you charge me you bastards
1000g it's not it's nothing like a game
it's not them you're fine you're fine
medica theme was okay that's a few fish
yeah no that's nothing like a lot of
times though like if you fall asleep in
the mine they're like not only did we
have to charge you for medical expenses
but it looks like someone picked your
pocket and you're missing some items and
I'm like someone picked my pocket
fucking Jojo I know what's up don't
think I don't know what's up all right
coffee beans got you why you pad all my
guys hello guys dude one more day here
and then we will we'll move on to the
next game as to assuming that it's done
downloading which I assume it is should
I read this name out loud okay the top
one no right in the middle
it'll give us something to talk about
Joe just reading that name I'll um yeah
all right
easy peasy japanesey
says Jack what's your favorite Smash
Brothers I personally love melee so you
know here's before we get into Smash
Brothers uh-huh that's how I learned the
phrase by reading that name no no that
you know cuz you know now nowadays I say
easy peasy lemon squeezy oh okay
but back in the day that's what everyone
said easy peasy japanesey
yeah I don't know it's probably bad to
say it hey I don't know is whoever and
it's not worth going there except was
what I would say well and that's that's
the real thing we're it's like I am
unsure if that is a racist thing to say
that's why I just say lemon squeezy cuz
it's a lot easier uh-huh I don't know if
it is but yeah you just want to stay
away from it I guess but like yeah I
don't think there's anything wrong and
reading that name but I think that was a
good you know good question good you we
gotta be cautious because we we record
ourselves and now people have that all
right okay we got no I don't want you I
want coffee
here we go what movie was i damaged some
old guy says that easy peasy Jeff yeah
that's probably where I learned to fry I
have no idea then in Shawshank Shawshank
I think Brooke says that at some point
oh that could be that could be no that's
just like that's how that's what the
saying was since forever
you know I think that's where I heard it
Shawshank Redemption is probably where I
heard him oh yeah yeah like I like we
were even saying that since forever but
if you know growing up in the country
you grew up around some mildly racist
folk so like that's why I can't be sure
that's why you can't be sure
half-hearted says buff hearted hey guys
I either missed the response or my tip
got skipped either way of my apologies I
think thank for the weary stream
I said weary not early I'm really so
gnarly
the weary stream hey everyone were
playing some stardew valley how far did
you have no other tips from today
there's nothing I missed oh my I might
have gotten eaten can I make Mayo out of
dinosaur eggs
I've just been selling them can you make
dinosaur egg mail yes you can what does
it turn out like regular my ores are a
special dye no mayo I don't know we're
about to find out cuz I just put it in
the mail machine we are about to find
out
this time it's lupus hey guys hi bunch
of us watched extra last night because
October sure got me thinking yeah you
guys loved it and best of the worst
number three we sure did if you watched
it today would you feel the same how
about other best of the worst movies you
like now we just magically would not
like it i I wasn't his love it with
extra as everyone else was but I'm not
much of a horror movie guy right it was
well I could I could say it was well
made I would say that it well especially
for what we usually watch on yeah the
worst yeah shockingly well made yeah
that that if you guys saw it in chat the
movie dicks that that whole sequence of
the creature crossing the road and the
man berthing out blueglas oh man it was
crazy I remember 10 years ago now or so
okay remember the this the the thing
that walked on all fours
anybody first like shows up on earth the
x-ray somebody passed that clip off to a
new station is actual footage they turn
and they aired it as a story
what is wit I think I'm gonna take a
picture of at the side of the road
fuckin local news what are you gonna do
right what are you gonna do with those
guys with those Jokers
I think our keg station is gonna start
here --is-- were they saying it was a
chupacabra
what's that it's don't really remember
that yes looks like a good
keg area much favorite dissolve a boss
oh wait wait wait what wet lap up
easy-peasy
yeah Smash Brothers yo yeah sorry easy
peasy we get easily distracted here and
but I remember now and blame your name
yeah someone in chat remind me which was
the Super Smash Brothers for the Wii not
for the Wii U but for the Wii was that
brawl or was that melee Oh brah okay
everyone's hanging ball brawl
Super Smash Brothers Brawl is probably
my favorite that had some of my favorite
characters in it one you could be solid
snake in a Smash Brothers game so Solid
Snake could kick the crap out of Mario
loved that it had the pokemon trainer
not the Pokemon but the pokemon trainer
and so part of your tactics were
actually swapping out different Pokemon
to fight with melee was gonna keep great
that was great but also more importantly
it had these side-scrolling brawler
levels on it in order to unlocked
characters it actually had its own
side-scrolling brawler game not it
wasn't just a fighting game and those
side-scrolling segments were so fucking
awesome
so brawl is my favorite game out of the
Smash Brothers
holy shit can jacket anymore plead see
people are assholes maybe you people
really are assholes man yeah you don't
like with all oogy be it yep I think
I've done the same thing
Hammacher cable amateur 2
from chirps I think that's a lesson
making today we're all jerks and injures
well really the lesson we should take is
maybe I should be less of a jerk right
Oh Jack you're wrong right well like and
I like a lot of the smash games but
that's the one that I like the best for
the reasons stated there's a lot of
characters in smash that I like but the
brawl brawl had something I'm sure he
really meant it was not totally joking
whatsoever rich why obviously I said
that like I was genuinely hurt and upset
yep and not taking it lightly so I think
we're all good here
I don't know rich I think we need we
need some counseling bill my path a
little wrong here we're gonna we're
gonna start moving some kegs from the
chat question favorite favorite zelda
boss favorite zelda boss when winwaker
fight with Ganondorf does this epic cuz
you got the ocean crashing down on top
of you well what's going on it's pretty
good one that's a pretty good one I love
the design I'm Ganon at the end of
Oakland oh oh oh car mom perfect of time
yep but that fight with with Ganondorf
and winwaker is just fucking awesome
now I picked up these kegs that were
brewing wine this might not be a good
idea cuz I wonder if they're still gonna
be brewing lime remember you got to
bounce the Zelda's arrows off your
shield yeah that's an awesome fight that
is an awesome fight
most most of my favorite boss fights are
just good straight-up duels those are
the best fights and the brawls right
like you know at the panner he's glowing
now you can hit him he's glowing just
lookin straight up hack-and-slash beat
the shit out of each other fight yes I
like fuck yeah man
oh I might've fucked up rich what'd you
do oh I totally fucked up what did you
do so I moved my kegs so I could start
keg Island yeah what you know it's you
know this is the basis of it yeah well
make it look pretty later you might want
to leave room to walk past the top just
for convenience sake later down the road
well you know my finger my finger is
like hit these on the way up hit these
on the way down okay
well you go all the way up and all the
way around you like zigzag it oh I
suppose yeah hey well you know I can
move those now cuz you know it doesn't
really matter but here's how I fucked up
two of my kegs were brewing ancient
fruit wine ancient fruit wine and as
soon as I hit them with no jack but I
didn't know I didn't know they would
stop oh my god I didn't know they would
stop brewing ancient fruit wine but they
did and so I fucked up I fucked up bad
man and I have more ancient fruit to
brew I can't fuck that much of you ever
done Transcendental Meditation as as
like a spiritual practice no but when I
was younger and I just would with the
stress of being an adult I can't I can't
do it anymore when I was younger when I
come home from two came home from school
I I would just chill out in a quiet room
with some white noise that's nice and
just just lie down I wouldn't be going
to sleep just lying down and enjoy the
silence you have I think people don't I
can't I can't clear my head enough to do
that anymore you don't think no I know I
can't well that that's the point that's
the point of transcendental meditation
is for is learn relearning how to do
that I think many people don't quite
understand how important it is to have
some quiet time every single day just a
little bit of quiet time will go a long
way in your life turn out no music no no
nothing just time to sort your thoughts
super important the quiet moments are
when the bad thoughts create that but
rich that's what's important is because
then you can deal with the bad thoughts
so they don't doesn't work it doesn't
work over you quiet dark rooms now I
mean doom and uncertainty yeah
yeah and you have to deal with that you
have to deal with the doom and
uncertainty whoo-hoo and the red letter
media crew is the most spiritual none of
us I can't speak for anyone else I am
NOT very spiritual at all you can't put
anything in doorways as bullshit
riches is true what I can't put anything
in the doorway I haven't tried it I want
to finish my path I'm making a nice
little path here I'm I'm sorry just keep
the door closed and you won't notice
look at you notice all right cake island
is looking pretty good it's not
necessarily the most efficient island
you know cuz you know cuz I'll be coming
over here a lot but now they the kegs
have their own space here's my fishing
Island slot a KA Lightning Island
coffees a brew and I'm gonna need some
more beans ambi says what's happening
what's happening in your world
hey Jack played cold acept C uld see EPT
out on the ps2 it's a cross between
monopoly and MTG slash hearthstone your
love for board games tells me you dig it
played countless hours but it's kind of
unknown you know I think the transition
from board game to like board game on a
video game console sometimes gets lost a
lot of times the things that I like
about board game is thinking in 3d space
and the tactile feelings huh
like hearthstone is a fine game any of
those any of those like card games like
hearthstone like duelist like a million
of those online card games they're all
fine but it loses so much not having
physical cards that you can place in
front of you and organize how you like
and put them in little groups and just
that feeling of slapping cards down I
think that's where a lot of my and yeah
of course I also like playing board
games with other people in the same room
with those other people so I have a
feeling that I might not be into it like
you're into it
cuz I played a little bit of hearthstone
enjoyed it but just can't get into it
mostly because I lose a lot that's fine
mm-hmm you don't have to win I know I
could save the wine if I save scum but
I'm not I'm not as I'm too far in the
day I could save scum that's not that
big a deal no it's just and I have so
much more ancient fruit I'm not really
worried about it I would like a little
like I'd like to spruce up a place a
little bit but I kind of like the little
own natural feel that that's got going
on let me move my chicken-coop there's
some stuff that I would do if I cared
manases anonymous says speaking of brawl
brawl one of the Canadians coming back
for more wrestling did you do wrestling
with them no I don't do we I don't think
so what did you well you streamed with
them I wasn't here
damn didn't you want to stream with the
Canadians without you here I think so I
thought I remember that you know who
would remember the chat I think the only
time we played wrestling was with Josh
that's the only time we played wrestling
that's true yes Josh played WWE with
them how come I am are you sure wait
Josh was here I don't remember this Josh
was that Josh was there for what
wrestling Colin played doom I remember
com playing doom yeah yeah yeah but I
don't were playing wrestling with them
Jack Russells with the Canadians
off-camera oh I was that I was that an
off-camera Joker's I don't think so
last time the Canadians were here I
didn't even get to see them I think I
was out of town
oh wait no did I see them I might have
seen them I will I will be honest with
you I don't even know if I was here the
last time the Canadians were here so
there take that Canadians can come back
when they wish to come back everyone
likes the Canadians including us except
for me honestly it's just how it's very
weird cuz like I'm just never here when
they're here it's not that I don't like
them our schedules are permanently off
don't you remember the ladder match the
Canadians weren't here that was Jack me
and Josh yeah none of whom were Canadian
I mean I guess Josh could be but I don't
think he is I think that would have come
up in the time I've known Josh but yeah
all right there it is everyone unless
they tried to like Skype in at some time
but it still wouldn't have been the
wrestling night right I think I think
the chat is having their own Mandela so
I think we tried Skype with them once or
twice but it wouldn't been for a
wrestling game in the early days of
stream we tried skyping with them and it
failed horribly yeah
we have since figured out how to Skype
with people for streams but way back in
the day it failed horribly
the Canadians it's just servers calling
by their names Jim McConnell McCallum
Jim :
you guys know doing well it's funnier to
call them the Canadian yes yeah I
remember you guys playing WWE thirteens
the universe must have changed your
reality and I'm sorry the universe did
that that could have just been a
mendella effect joke oh maybe maybe cuz
I totally remember Sam
cutting off Frodo's hand for the hand to
fall undeveloped into the volcano with
the ring still on it I totally remember
this and it's weird that it didn't
happen it's weird to me that you
remember that I swear that's how I
thought the cartoon ended until I read
the synopsis on Wikipedia and confirmed
it with seeing clips here tonight that
it did not in that way yeah what can I
say besides it just must be it must be a
cartoon of very similar aesthetics where
someone gets a hand cut off I don't know
I don't know I don't know either all
right I'm gonna check I'm gonna check on
our other thing and we'll see you sure
you're not thinking of Harry Potter I'm
100% sure of nothing of Harry Potter
this was a little bit before Harry
Potter a little bit before Harry Potter
Simon I've only ever seen the first
movie and then I not had any desire to
read or watch anything else related to
Harry Potter so did not it did not leave
a lasting effect on me Harry Potter I
think that's really favorite hey you
know speaking of Harry Potter do you
know what's very good what Harry Potter
Hogwarts battle what is this
there is a it's the game we're playing
now there is a deck building game called
Harry Potter Hogwarts battle and it's
it's a deck building game but more
importantly it is a deck building game
that grows on itself
and so you know for there at Hogwarts
okay and so there is a deck for every
year like you know there's a freshman
deca a second-year deck the third year
dot and as you go on through the years
the game gets more and more difficult
and so the idea is as you're reading the
books you can play this game with your
kids and they learn how to play more
differ
Gamze I lived in this one game it's a
pretty good car deck building game as
well we've been playing it a lot
recently and going up through the years
it's fun it's fun all right we are good
to go you're good and before we go I
need to take a bit of a break you did
the do I need to take a little bit of a
break so if you want to hang with chat
for a little bit I don't know if we have
our justwait screen set up if you want
to put on the gist waiter doing we don't
have it set up we don't we should smell
what the fuck you know I'm just gonna
freak them all out I'm gonna hit the end
button but we're not ending okay we're
not ending it's not muted
