Episode 884
Coffee and Strigas (Part 3)
October 29, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pSTEl3xgDB8
___________________________________________

oh you do that oh yeah okay now I did
that yeah it's fine science I say I
thought that's what work and a
coordinator oh I'm very sorry it's all
right we're fine everything's fine
that's that's all right did dude um oh
yeah that's what oh this still says
Space Quest all right hold on we're
gonna update chatty and then we're gonna
I'm going to tell everybody here a
little story why does that say Space
Quest that's in scene one in El Gato
scene it said starter Valley
all right so okay we didn't say it
didn't say Space Quest for this entire
stream no chat would have told us about
that right I don't know jack that I
don't they love to tell us when we're
wrong they might not say anything cuz
they wouldn't want us to fix it Touche
Touche Ridge okay that is now up in
chatty so now we need to tell we need to
we need to tell the chat a little story
quite in secret most of the space
question well yeah well I because they
don't know what came we're playing it
quite in secret I've been playing a game
rich clandestinely
I haven't told anyone not even your
family my they figured it out they
figured out I haven't told anyone was
playing because last time I played this
I got a very negative reaction from fans
of the game and so I've decided that I
wanted to start playing it it's not
showing up in here for some reason why
aren't you showing up in here cuz the
game's up
wink
I decided that I was gonna play it
without telling anyone so the pressure
was off so the pressure was off because
I don't know if the chat space of course
I know I know I don't know if the chat
realizes how much shit is gotten by
playing a game in front of people but
it's a lot that gave me one moment here
people know what it is now boom that
fits great so get out of here a program
that I really enjoy on the Internet rich
is called noclip yeah and they by
program because you're talking about
computers you should be specific you
mean a a channel and video production
program video production series a series
of videos that I enjoy is made by
content producers that you enjoy it's
called noclip and they've made some
amazing documentaries about doom about
rocket league the it's it's a great
people I'm a patron of theirs I give
them money every month so they continue
to make game documentaries they made the
series about Final Fantasy the the
online Final Fantasy that I've never
played I don't give two fucks about it
was a great documentary so their latest
endeavor is a six-part look at The
Witcher not only The Witcher but said a
product as they provide them said said
the project the history of them as a
games distributor games localiser and
eventually game maker and then they
started talking about The Witcher and
you listen to these stories of the
developers talking about the care that
they put into this game and I'm watching
these documentaries and I'm just going
that sounds great and I had such a bad
experience buying so as I say
started playing the game I'm not gonna
tell anybody I'm playing I'm just gonna
I'll go through the story I'll go
through it and you know what you didn't
tell me jack I didn't even tell you tell
me I know I could show how much you
trust me I know rich I know how active
you are on the Internet
you tell you say everything on the
Internet if I would have told you it
would have been on Twitter and Facebook
within hours I know it so I've been
playing it and I gave it like five I was
like I'll give this like five to ten
solid hour yeah yeah just to see if I
dig it everyone seems to really enjoy
this game I'm now about 20-plus hours in
and I'm really enjoying it good I'm
really enjoying it so it's a bit of a
redemption story that'll relieve the one
person in Chad who was just distraught
who said in cabs Jack please if you
don't like the game that's okay but
don't play it like this trot I I don't
think it's a perfect game but I have
been really enjoying it and so and so
that's the that's the thing it you know
also like you know us playing horizon
zero dawn us playing Zelda breath of the
wild like this I'm glad we didn't play
this back then because it definitely
would have been too much
oh god it's it has a lot of similar
strengths and weaknesses to those games
but we're gonna continue now one of the
problems I do find with this game is
it's pretty light on things I care about
story wise at the beginning of the game
yeah for for the first few hours of the
game all you are doing is looking for
yennefer yennefer is someone you may
have had a relationship at one with at
one point yeah she might have been your
ex-wife I don't know okay it's really
important to get
that two girls that you find yennefer I
don't necessarily know anything about
her
and so like I didn't necessarily care
about that part of the story at the
beginning and then after you find you
don't even find yennefer yennefer finds
you yeah and then you have to look for a
girl named ciri and that's what I'm
doing now looks like you're wearing
diapers yeah this is one of those games
where you know our different armors have
different stats and a lot of time what I
find is I don't like the armor that has
the better stats yeah it has the better
stats all down great a bit my better arm
for a better looking armor I will my
downgrade is pretty oh I just put it
away or I might look for a mod X count
to XCOM - I can't stand the mid tier
armors sure sure in both the newer XCOM
games the bid to armors were ugly as
fuck so you find a mod yeah the armor
that you start with is fuckin badass but
its weak
oh well wait I thought I gave you a
haircut I thought I gave him a haircut
but I got very mad him oh well see
that's the thing and people are talking
about the bloody baron storyline I'm not
getting into too much spoilers I'm only
a little over 20 hours in so obviously
I'm long enough I even think your
spoiler save right there there the the
monster design is really fantastic like
you find out you fight a lot of ghouls
and goblins and water monsters there is
a story in this game rich I was helping
a baron he was having he was looking for
his wife and daughter right and I
discover that his wife had a miscarriage
and he improperly buried the dead fetus
so it came back as a monster fetus and I
had to fight and then befriend a monster
fetus okay I just want to know why the
top half of his coat is black and the
bottom half is white because they don't
go together they're just regular truck
Oh
I don't know such an ugly look I don't
know man I only use the Whichard got
richer army in the game army armor you
only use The Witcher arm I I should I
like that armor a lot better
we'll see you look like I want to see it
yeah I'll go back and get it I just put
it away in my chest it looks like you're
wearing diapers The Witcher armor is
significantly better you're wearing
diaper armor it's really cool hold on we
got to go back into my chest and get it
go back into my stash got a few things
are there it is I've held on to it
because I think it looks cool right and
it's upgraded once and I think armor
that isn't technically the same armor
but looks like it and is better right
that's awesome look at that that's
awesome I will try to keep that for a
little bit that's fucking awesome armor
alright up well I'll put away this other
armor well hold on to this well maybe we
can find someone who can upgrade this
armor for us it's been upgraded once
already you go in
alright great so in any case I've been
really liking it I've been having a
great time just walking around the
monsters are great it's challenging I've
even been a little into the story though
I don't generally care about fantasy and
you know right stuff like that but you
know I'm a little turned around nope
little turned around there this way I
wasn't gonna really there's a lot of
there's a lot of good things about this
game including he does run kind of derpy
if he runs derpy he runs derpy baby you
don't run a lot as soon as I get out of
town I'll I'll find the horse it's fun
I'll find I'll find one of the best
parts of the game which is your horse
roche you can't name your horse your
horse's name is Roche and I think the AI
is kind of bad on the horse like it runs
into stuff all the time it's cowardly
and it runs away from monsters but
honestly it just gives your horse
personality like you're just like wrote
you know like you whistle for Roche to
come and then he bumps into shame you're
like fucking Roche where did you spawn
Roche that hey I whistled free over here
yeah look at there is there's a roach
he's great visually speaking is it's
like you're trotting animation like one
of the most important things in any game
you gonna be seeing that so much that
whatever it is you are looking at the
most needs to look good you're not
looking at that it's terribly it's a
visual element to most most games and I
think it's underappreciated walking and
trotting and sprinting animations sure
sure I can see that I could see that all
right now important and what am I gonna
do what was that what was I trying to
accomplish today I need to find my
coffee farm so if for anyone who's
plated here's here's where I am in the
game I'm working on the the ladies of
the woods and Family Matters quests so
I'm still fairly early on hmm maybe I'll
go visit Kira Kira is a sexy-ass witch
who just helped me with a pretty awesome
quest and she said hey next time you
freak come by my bog and maybe maybe you
could help me out with something I'm
like oh yeah the charm of this game will
overcome rich I've never said I hate
this game I criticized running animation
it sounds like you hate it already go
bang her do Kira should I should I do
that one all right yeah well go visit
Kira then you know came had a really
derpy running animation was that Mass
Effect 3 like wow what oh their arms
were all over the place his legs were
doing this weird thing too that's great
oh yeah we're not too far away from Kira
I'll go do it we'll go do that
out of my way dick we're not too far
away from Kyra we'll go say hi
let's see what she wants ah roach see I
think this animation is more is more
important because you're you're on your
horse more oh you gotta get a horse lot
yeah that's an important animation you
think of graphics the visual splendor of
the textures and the detail and the
shadows and to sing
maybe animation doesn't get as much
credit as it should the walking
animation for games in general you know
but like this animation is good you
don't how often do you walk right here
you try you do that that's what you
spend 90% of your time Moo how he how
you spend 90% of your time moving in any
game where you have to move around here
try I guess here's something I think
that might be something you're looking
over is how dumb do people look when
they're doing that like when they're
trotting around that's why it's super
important though that the animation has
to be good but I'm saying you need to
cover up for that maybe it just is gonna
look dumb no matter what oh we got a we
got a situation over here
oh you're gonna get killed
could you kill him
um maybe let's see what happens I don't
want to give him any money oh yeah I
think we're gonna fight yep we're gonna
fight great all right
I thought that's a rooster for a second
dicks oh good I'm glad I killed them
it's my bridge now I charge a toll
game audio a bit louder please game
audio a bit louder we can do that give
me a minute yeah it's pretty quiet for
me - can we get a button on here Oh
that'll we'll just adjust the volume we
put it like 25% one rule that's a good
idea that's a really good idea I don't
know hold on let me see if I can adjust
it in-game because it seems to be pretty
quiet for me as well oh yeah yeah let's
see how that does it how do you feel
about this audio boom let's see if they
have any good shit so now I can't like
any good RPG after you kill people you
got to see what they got chicken leg
nice after you kill people you got to
loot the corpses some water good and
some linen
no I don't care about that everybody
drops a sword but at this point they
just take up space still a little lower
still a little low we can fix that we
can fix that we gotta we gotta treat our
exploit volume with kid gloves as it can
go from yeah zero to nuts right real
fucking fast okay great cool so you know
like that's you know the neat thing
about being an open-world game is like I
just came across that that wasn't
necessarily my quest right but you know
neat stuff it does have some like moral
choice things where I could have just
paid the toll and crossed without an
incident but those fuckers deserve to
die well they bandits are they govern
working for some kind of government I
don't give a fuck they were charging
people to cross the river
well maybe the local wall that's just a
told you I'm paid to get across that
bridge fuck that fuck that I'm The
Witcher I said people can cross they
have to they have to they need money
they have to afford that army to defend
the town from Brigid uns I suppose they
also have to like afford the upkeep to
the bridge and now they can't because I
killed them and so the bridge will fall
into disarray and people won't be able
to use it anyway I guess I didn't think
that one through rich I did not think
that one through
don't listen to rich Jack kill them all
I usually end up killing everyone I kill
everyone
bring it in this isn't a look I don't
know old-timey ye oldie English things
but I said brigands then I guess isn't
that a thing
Brigadoon I thought it was a thing
you told me to come here bitch oh I can
buy stuff from her yeah you said you
want you said you wanted me to know I'm
usually one that likes to talk during
this stuff but I'm actually paying
attention to the story now I hear I hear
the wishers voice and all I can think of
is did you know that David Carradine
died via auto-erotic asphyxiation but
does his voice remind you that Carradine
oh you know it does a little bit now
that all your play this game all you
gonna be able to think of just
auto-erotic asphyxiation I'm just gonna
think a Kill Bill Vol
yeah his hair is a little off I had it I
had a good haircut earlier but then I
died before saving so and then I
couldn't find the barber who gave me the
hair can I forget which barber gave me
the haircut but you know he's pretty
he's pretty generic badass got a scar
got a white beard yeah I got two swords
rich two fucking swords yeah but your
hands are already fallen David Carradine
I hold on I gotta learn how a magic lamp
works have to do something magical you
need to take your belt and put it around
your neck saw the other end something
and lean forward while choking it stroke
the lamp keep stroking the lab we're
getting all sorts of shit from her
thank you no problem bitty woo new quest
item yeah okay
magiclip yeah okay we cool we cool time
ik mousetraps us what's the difference
between a pile of dead bodies and a
Porsche I don't have a Porsche in my
garage happy Halloween
thank you thank you for your joke it's a
fine joke it's a fine joke over here I'm
gonna take a brown item Sandler says you
guys often say that anything can be good
if executed well is there any kind of
media that even when executed well you
do not care for could be a genre or
something else
cinematic gaming gobble gobble gobble go
that's that's my honest answer like like
like The Last of Us is supposed to be
this shit and I can't stand it so
cinematic gaming cinematic game yeah
yeah that's fair yeah
country pop music I typically don't like
it I am NOT gonna say though it can't be
executed in a way that I might enjoy one
country pop music's on that's especially
good or well done though oh sure there's
always there's always a chant but that I
mean there's always a chance for
anything rich there could even be
shudder to think a cinematic game that
one day you will enjoy it yeah but I
haven't I have hated the cream of the
crop so far though right so it's over
here back when I had my my birthday
Infinite Mulligan golf game yeah they're
playing country pop over the speakers I
couldn't stand it yeah drowners
like look at this look at this on
fighting drowners and fucking Roach is
just freaking out actually after after
it was really starting to irritate him
and turn to Karen I and said I can I can
understand what happened in Vegas no
that's horrible yeah it was horrible
that's a Horvath just terrible music
terrible it's a terrible thing to say
too soon
drunk Jager says Jack so glad you've
given which are a second chance
just ignore dickheads in chat franchise
was big in Poland even before games so
you might want to check the books it's
based on as well that's I mean fuck man
watch you know and I'm sure fans of the
game have already seen the noclip
documentary but the this story of said
two projects is amazing like it's it's
this poll I started by this by this
group of Polish people and they got
their start in gaming actually making
bootleg translations of other games yeah
and so like you know like Poland was
still like on the other side of the red
curtain and like they couldn't get all
the stuff and so like they would find
copies of games and make their own
translation yes and as it turns out they
made the best translated games like
people like oh this actually sounds like
something a Polish person would say yeah
so they kept going back to him in and he
was talking about like doing this in
unlike the quasi black market yeah
people kept on coming through me so then
after the red curtain fell out we just
made the business sounds great oh it's
really great
maybe not the red curtain you guys know
what I mean I am the iron curtain thank
you and so you know like and so then
they were they were basically just a
distribution business for a long time
and localization and then they took a
chance and let's make our own game based
off of the most popular series of Polish
novels at
and everyone's like we this this you
know the feature was that live you know
whatever was called like everyone loved
and read all the novels and like what
character are we gonna base the game off
of that what are we gonna you know it's
great that's like literally the whole
reason that ivory picked up this game
was the passion that the game developers
had in talking about the game yeah and
it is like it's it's a great world I
have a few nitpicks one I couldn't get
into the story it felt like I needed to
have played the first two games in order
to understand just what's happening at
the beginning of the story and I don't
necessarily care about any of the
characters I think that's important are
you growing to care about the characters
as you play it I know you didn't play
the earlier games or anything not really
yeah not really like we have there's a
quasi daughter figure that we're looking
for right now but she's not our daughter
and in game we haven't spent a ton of
time with her Siri and so it's like I
don't I don't know like the game tells
me I knew I should care about her but I
don't Jennifer I don't give two fucks
about yennefer that guy's fucked that
might have been a monster that's sounded
like a man screaming oh because he saw
monsters oh I crashed my boat fuck
okay hold on so you know what's going on
here what the combat was okay so like a
thing that I liked and disliked about
the game is the game has the this the
bestiary yeah every beast you fight you
can pick up scraps of paper around the
world
huge lore and it can give you the wheat
strengths and weaknesses of certain
monsters that's a good end bad thing
because like right now I'm facing the
rattling x' or whatever they're called
here the rot fiends and so necrophagous
oil is something that they are weak to
so then I go into my inventory and I go
into the oils sections and I have some
decra facial so I rub that on my sword
and now I do 10% more attack to them
and while girl'd is doing all of this
he's getting slaughtered by the monsters
who are currently attacking them no you
see he's a Witcher and so he's doing
this super fast he just knows all the
stuff he knows the guy stuff surely it
takes time to put the oil on the sword
right I mean no but he's doing it
superfast you see but you know like I I
like the depth yeah yeah but you know
sometimes it doesn't work out but like I
think that's neat and you know it's it's
all accessible once you've but figuring
out how it's accessible is tedious
necrophagous ounds like something
jeffrey dahmer would use to masturbate
well fuck I'm out of tissues in
necrophagous all that Dhamma guy comes
to me pass all my necro feijoa
right there we go I upgraded my my
psionic blast to knock people over oh
fuck and that's very helpful because if
I knock them over I can one shot kill
them there we go nice but so so it's a
little difficult to learn it's a little
obtuse as far as a learning curve is
concerned but once you figure it out
it's very deep and that you know so it's
good and bad
yeah but like I said I'm 20-plus hours
and I feel like I'm just getting a
handle on it now which you know some
might consider a negative what can knock
you over fuck you but overall I think
it's a good game dude alright so you
have these different oils do they stack
on each other what if you're fighting
two different type of monsters at the
same time or is that just never happen
that's a good question I've never had to
stack oh that's not that's a question
for chat they might know what's up
they don't stack okay so once you rub a
new one on the other one gets rubbed off
I mean that would make sense
rubbed off just like Jeffrey Dahmer did
with his victims
I need more tissues in necrophagous am I
in the wrong Island she was down home
she was talking to me but I wasn't
necessarily listening because I was
fighting monsters
Namah says jack if you were enjoying
witcher 3 make sure to get the dlc the
second one is so big
most other publishers would have
released it as its own full price game
that's the projects and they know what's
up
I meditate for a little bit just an hour
yeah I mean you know as soon as I'm if
if I ever make it through this like I I
don't know how long it would take me to
make it through a full game of this it
is so it's so much the fuck is that the
fuck is that a swarm of bees what was
that though that was my Witcher sense so
that that's my detective vision you know
much like its senses monsters much like
horizon zero dawn or Batman or anything
you have would year with your vision
yeah and so like that's noise so it
hears noise and here let's see if I can
show you if there's anything to collect
around the world
here here's something it'll show you
that it'll show up there something had
to get really close yeah okay and then
there are certain areas where where you
need to use it to find like hidden stuff
bushel of bees or something
Cosmo says you can find all around the
world so many different upgradable which
your armor which looks better and gives
more protection that you never need to
wear anything else well that's good to
know
like I mean yeah this does seriously
look better is it is it absolutely
terrible Oh for defense and I've been
doing all right so far this is a pretty
low level mission which I chose
purposefully because you know yeah I
don't want to look bad on stream yeah I
did it
so it's hard to tell for this mission
but
so yeah like if you see here like this
is my magic panel these are all my
different yeah magical abilities so I
got that little switch here I'm gonna
maybe Fire won't work but fuck you
waiting for my fire to build up will
light him on fire you look almost dead
IM almost dead but he was also almost
dead so i cant matter no this is game
like Dark Souls no no it's like it's I
know a lot of people gonna be pissed at
this but it's like horizon zero zero
dawn or it's like breath of the wild or
it's like the earlier Witcher games it's
it's a way an unqualified bar to saying
that once fully upgraded default armor
is the most powerful in the game right
I'm reward for people who held onto it
oh well good thing I held on to it then
there we go maybe now I can meditate
oh I can't get it you can't meditate
with enemies around but it heals you
fully there we go
all right good wasting on my food I
wanted to hold on to it because it's
honestly the coolest looking armor so
far but
all right so now that we're in this area
we need to look for clues oh here we go
see like this shows up in red so that's
a clue fresh corpse so like you remember
how in horizon zero dawn you would you
would find a clue and then it would lead
you to the next clue and the next thing
you find footprints and that would lead
you to the next career that like that
happens in here a lot mm-hmm which is
fine like it's totally fine
front camera Mitchell's saying rich have
you seen the Red Dead 2 trailer it
looked really pretty except for the
facial animation dialog animation and
games has almost never been good what's
the deal it's super important um it'd be
nice to have good facial animation I
might disagree with you on how important
it is on the scale of things that are
important like a good combat system some
fluid aiming with your gun these are
these are things I would prioritize over
the talking that's only happening in the
between mission cutscenes cuz you're
walking around the world and Red Dead
Redemption you're not gonna get a good
look at people's mouths just were on the
street yeah connect now now maybe in a
game like Mass Effect Andromeda which
had notoriously bad facial animation
maybe it's worse there because that is a
game where like talking to people well I
don't know but and ride and play in
trauma Dino the older Mass Effect games
you talk constantly talk to people game
right so then you had the face then you
want decent facial animation I'm less
sold on its importance there it has to
be adequate ok I'm fine with that I
think that I think that's uh that makes
sense
just adequate
nobody ever faulted pac-man for bad
facial animation all he had was facial
animation if anything people faulted him
for having only facial animation do you
like westerns I like westerns I don't
know that I I love all of them uniformly
but I love me some dollars trilogy I'll
tell you that that's full of dollars a
few dollars more and the good bad and
the ugly that's that's some good shit
Ridge
you can tell Jack he can level up jack
you can level up thank you for telling
marriage you're welcome
Jack if you don't level up now you're
playing the game wrong I don't think I
can't level up I'll be honest with you
oh yeah I have two points available I
suppose I could level up la yeah I like
everything in this game every the the
way everything works is a little mushy
Massey right and so leveling up means
buying these squares right mm-hm and
then you have to put these squares in
the empty square slots over here so
right now I only have five empty square
slots that I can put the other squares
in and then you can also attach a
mutagen which does something if it
matches the colors of the squares and
then there's a multiplier for mutagen
and colors it's a whole thing there's a
whole fucking thing rich mutagens chats
bringing up LA noire and I know LA noire
had the really fancy facial animation
but didn't that contrast with the body
animation which looks stiff in
comparison
I never played no I know I know la Noir
look like it had some uncanny valley
issues oh yeah I've never played it okay
and I'm probably never gonna bother
because I knew they'd do this lame
protagonist death thing hey it's a pet
peeve of mine yeah I'm not gonna play
through a game just to die at the end
fuck that sure
yeah
let's do that let's let's upgrade these
right now I have a blue mutagen modifier
and upgrading these means that my
magical powers are more powerful so I'm
just gonna add one to each of these like
this is my fire so right now I'm eltz
armor which i think is really nice it'll
add one to that and then this one is my
knockdown so it it increases the range
of my knockdown actually it's pretty
good I like that so chef LA noire is
past the spoilers expiration date oh god
why so much and if you're killing off
the protagonist for the sake of killing
off the protagonist your stories
probably lame anyway oh wait there's a
green thing around here it's deep like
real life you don't always games need to
be taken seriously as an art form the
only way to do that is to have the main
character die how about that
where are the ghosts if you make it
across take a boat over this way
all right I'm watching ghosts now that's
my mission broke up I'm watching more
ghosts do we're trying to figure out the
mystery of spooky island Oh Chad
whenever I've played Red Dead Redemption
I stopped before that last act oh it
does even oh yeah yeah big time fucking
big time they make you play as this
lame-ass son in the game after the after
the game like the after postgame you do
whatever you do whatever oh yeah the
plan is just the most obnoxious
character in the game and it's just like
I look bad I want to be John Marston not
this idiot
I'm very sorry
I'm very sorry that a game doesn't and
the way you like it
look Tiger does death it's just a pet
peeve of mine I know some people love it
it's like what you like well if doesn't
bother me if it if it serves a narrative
purpose I'm okay with it
I think it's tougher to justify that as
far as video games are concerned because
we spend so much time as the protagonist
and with the protagonist that like that
justification has to be really that has
to be a player choice speaking just for
me yeah
just speaking for myself it's very rare
very rare that I will enjoy a story I
find a story satisfying with the
protagonist dies it's a pet peeve of
mine sure I don't like it
salmon a few there's been some
exceptions to the rule I'll think of
them at some point mention them but as a
general rule I don't like it I think
that's fair I mean it's fair to say
obviously that's just your opinion I
feel like I wasted my time yeah I feel
like like for me for blood-borne and
shed it's not because of Mass Effect 3
I've been this way since I was a kid
the the example the example I will give
is blood-borne where you have many
different choices at the end of for sure
not not the DLC they were the regular
game and one of the choices you get is
to end your hunt which is which is where
you die right they the the the main guy
kill or the main bad guy kills you well
with a cryptic nature of blood-borne
I've heard an argued where you you're
really just waking up right exactly well
so like that but that was the case where
that's what I chose because for me that
made sense
character-wise like yeah I'm just
fucking done being a hunter all of these
horrors I don't want to deal with
anymore and so even though I could have
gotten more gameplay I could have gotten
more like another fight out of it
story-wise I wanted my character to die
so
so that's why that's what I chose inside
and I think that is an important element
is you choosing especially in the game
so because you get attached to the
player characters and feel like you've
somehow failed if they've died well it's
not just games like movies - what about
heroic sacrifice rich does that annoy
you very much so I wanna I want to make
a game where you have a choice to do a
heroic sacrifice at the end and it just
fails horribly you die and then the
battle is still lost where if you choose
to live you get to fight on and actually
win I would love to do that with a bad
ending as the heroic sacrifice that
that's easily doable yeah that's really
funny I mean like you know if only so
and so we had to save the day you know
to me it's all about context and you
know like if that's the end of the
character arc is like you know so is
someone who is maybe cowardly before and
you know chooses to their I can't think
of any off to top my head there have
been exceptions Oh tagging us has died
and I've been okay with it now that
works yeah as a general rule I don't
like it though of course
I must have died here what about Star
Trek - Kirk is fine
what'd he talk about Kirk makes it up
just fine hold on we got changed some
settings here cuz this is this not too
dark even for me to see like it or not
Kirk is more the protagonist obviously
it's a group effort if they're the main
- the big three but and he comes back
one movie later Darth Vader he was the
villain work I think but what they're
what they're saying is like does that
work as a heroic sacrifice because his
arc at the end was sacrificing himself
the character you're attached to when
you're watching Return of the Jedi is
you know Luke Skywalker's oh oh sure
sure so you're you're more you're more
talking about just when the when the
heroes yes was a protagonist
specifically yes yeah can't find a good
way to make this brighter for you all to
see hold on for a second cuz I'm sure
it's even darker for you guys let me see
if I can change it in an exploit give me
give me one moment please
oh my god that's the wrong thing haha
that's the wrong thing
sorry that's not what I wanted I wanted
to change the game
game here we go
let me see if I can brighten that for
you guys so you can see what the fuck is
happening Lord of the Rings ends with
Bilbo dying about about 60 years after
the Hobbit which is the story he was the
actual protagonist in so I think I'm
okay with that
protagonist rogue sacrifice wrote one
sacrifice was kind of neat then that's
just that's just bait right there that's
blatantly bait right that's absolutely
big oh yeah you guys can see it a little
bit better
that's absolutely big
where is my torch did I get rid of my
torch no there it is
shit
I didn't mean to eat that it's my torch
rich enjoyed Harrison Ford dying in the
first awakens I never said I enjoyed it
how dare you not enjoy my opinion of
that movie in general was pre middling
no I can't I use my torch
I praised it for for doing what the
prequels couldn't do and they gave us a
protagonist new protagonist that we
liked and they are the new protagonists
not behind solo the story about Ray who
who made it by the way she didn't she
didn't sacrifice herself heroically
there it is to sacrifice some people
hate see I couldn't get Arnold's into
Arnold character in t2 in the first
place he's an emotional ischemic machine
yeah that's that's where t2 fails me in
general I don't I don't like Arnold as
the protagonist yeah you've mentioned
that yeah before yeah Sarah Connor is
fine in that movie
that's kind of interesting what happened
to her you know she became just crazed
weirdo after being the sweet girl in t1
emotionless killer robot as protagonist
there we go it was fine for the
spectacle of that movie the grand action
film but I wasn't I wasn't emotionally
invested into its own although termina
into Arnold yeah yeah well I don't I
don't I wouldn't even consider him as
the protagonist of that movie and so
like I I again like I think they're all
there what what everyone here is doing
is you're giving examples of heroic
sacrifices that aren't necessarily the
main character you know t2 though with
these two it might technically be John
Carter but nobody gives a shit
John Connor nobody gives a shit of our
kid John Connor that while that's true
for all practical intensive purposes
Arnold is the protagonist of that film
nope I I will disagree with you I cried
big time at the end of T to Washington
for the first time I felt absolutely
nothing
I felt absolutely nothing like oh thank
god now both of the killer robots are
gone right well not to worry about that
problem again yeah it was like that
logically made more sense to me or I was
like oh yeah he really should die like I
get it but I mean like as far as you
know protagonist is good like the story
isn't from his point of view he has no
arc you know Arnold or you know t32 the
Terminator has no arc like I would buy
John with a minor of Sarah Connor Becky
got played you are 100% wrong John
Connor does not die at the end farce
game fan theory not that I'm aware of
flat out libs
oh it's not like an ambiguous no it's
not a Sopranos ending no ok well then
yeah it's completely unambiguous fade to
white
unless they're talking about alright not
at the ending of this some weird sci-fi
stuff that goes on okay at the end of
Farscape in the middle of Farscape in
the middle of Farscape I'd spoil it but
I wouldn't want to ruin up to people
this is a really easy mission I just
have to go and look at ghosts and I'm
not going to spoil a far escape even
though it's quite old by now I'll spoil
the fuck out online noir because screw
that and but then you also can't get mad
at anyone in chat besides to spoil I can
do what I want I'm the dictator here you
know what to say you know everybody
Richards got a point
it's true Ritchie's moderator he's in
charge of chat alright yep
fuck it banned full life life ban no not
really not really mods
this is what I always call myself a
notoriously slow gamer because I really
am because this is exactly what I do in
a game is you know just got to this room
and I did the thing I was supposed to do
but now I'm like rubbing up against
everything to see if I can loot anything
you know like see if there's any
mysteries uh-huh like what's behind here
can I get behind there not really can't
jump siberius Kirk that's not even what
I'm referencing about Farscape
alright this I will spoil they did not
intend season Ford to be the ending of
Farscape they had another day another
season in mind oh okay
but at the end of season 4 there's a
cliffhanger and there is what appears to
be a clear death of our protagonists oh
ok it was going to be undone with you
know science fiction in season 5 then
they got canceled mmm
then they had the miniseries like a few
years after the fact that came back with
a miniseries to properly conclude
Farscape oh do they okay okay that's not
what I was referring to earlier
here's where the game gets a little
tricky so for anyone who plays this game
you might maybe you know what I'm
feeling so like these little mutagen
things on the end baby the
diamond-shaped ones get multipliers and
so like this time in shaved one has a
seven percent increase in sign intensity
your sign is your magic and then for
every blue thing in the square connected
to the triangle or the the diamond thing
you get a multiplier so right now I have
a twenty one percent you know one times
three or seven times three here this
green one gives me a hundred percent
health and so if I got any green things
in here it would multiply but I find the
green ones to be terribly boring so I
don't want to waste any points on the
green one for me increases maximum
attack see if it is about one I don't
know what that means
oh that could be good I think the Han
Solo movie will be worse than rogue one
no I have a feeling the Han Solo movie
will have some life to it and probably
it is well at least it's guaranteed to
have a character I like who directed
rogue one who directed that one I have
forgotten already
legitimately have Ron Howard is a
talented director uh-huh I think that
that is a true statement Gareth Edwards
she had a saying the Godzilla died oh
yeah go on for him all right let's do
this and then that'll give us a little
fight
there we go that's pretty good that's
pretty good I'll take that little
vitality boosts a little more health but
the Han Solo movie could make you hate
han Solo if the Han Solo movie is that
bad I'll just forget it exists I'll
ignore it
wait where were you ghosts yeah like do
you know what has completely left my
head Canon is the convoluted story that
didn't make much sense on how they stole
the plans to the Death Star I just
didn't care that's the thing that's why
it's completely left my head Canon
someone stole the plans to the death to
star sure I don't need to know that
story I know how it ends they got the
planes they blew it up spoiler alert I
needed to make you care about the people
stealing the plants and they didn't and
they didn't rich she was a strong
empowered woman and that's all that
matters
that's true you don't need to do
anything more than that but why was she
strong and powerful it doesn't matter it
was brave
it was brave sure Oh got little little
achievement glutes formula for six
different bombs so another bomb formula
dream great great great cool
look an ad goes apparently I'm not a
real science-fiction fan because I'm the
only science fiction shows I've watched
have been Farscape and Star Trek
apparently those are the only two you
know I think I figured something out
rich yeah about fandom yeah and what
makes fandom horrible yeah I pause the
game for a second here it's not it's not
fandom being a fan of something isn't
inherently bad yeah my god I'm a fan of
this right that's not inherently bad but
everyone like shits on fandom here's
what the real problem is and I like like
I've never put a word to it before but I
heard it recently and what it is rich is
gatekeeping that's the problem with
fandom someone who says you're you're
not enjoying that right yeah you're not
a real fan because of this yeah I'm
putting a limit on what you are doing
gatekeeping is the fucking worst
someone was in the chest thing I don't
like quantum leap which is absolutely
not true I think we've talked about how
much we both enjoy quantumly every every
fucking week I sat down to watch quantum
leap yeah it's great show fucking great
show
and see but and I guess like but see
that's that's this is the point I'm
getting to it at gatekeeping we're like
let's say the only sci-fi show rich ever
watched with Star Trek and Farscape and
Farscape right who the fuck cares you're
not a real fan because you don't do X Y
& Z fuck off who cares if he's a real
fan are not a real fan or who key even
cares what a real fan is he enjoyed a
thing and these telling you I enjoyed
the thing this is the problem Oh looky
Khurana bleep is set in the past now I
don't know if that's a good joke or just
no idea no like the beginning of quantum
leap oh yeah oh yeah all right
well right here was that what year was
it
supposed to be said you know where where
was Ziggy I'm gonna I'm gonna guess that
the present that Sam left from was the
future year of 1997 that is Mike that's
my guess 1999 oh boy the the far-off
future of 1999 I fucking love it
Oh al was a great character that was
that was great they worked they worked
so well together
yeah they worked so well together you
ever seen the episode where he changed
the president often al wasn't his
handler anymore it was whitey McDonald
briefly yes yes see you like a look here
here's my here's my Witcher sense oh
there's a clue oh my god maybe that wall
slides so fucking great you know but
quantum leap by the way spit let's let's
shit on the Han Solo movie a little bit
before it comes out I know I am I'm
about to I'm about to shit on it quantum
leap
our main character Scott Bakula is the
one we care about
he's always spend most time with and and
Sam is he's there as a bonus he works
off of our main character he's a playboy
he's got his own thing
o L oh sorry Sam is the main care about
you al is Moses named Dean Stockwell
wasn't it or doing something maybe
that's it so I don't care about Al's
backstory yeah I don't want a television
show dedicated to how L got there okay
he is there to augment our main
character I don't care about Han Solo's
backstory I don't care about Boba Fett's
backstory these are characters meant to
augment
and reinforce our main character and I
don't need I don't need all this this is
just some obscene let's see a trailer
before I started seriously judging what
they're doing with it in general
okay can I get behind here someone yeah
yeah yeah I'm attracted from one wall to
the other repeatedly
there's a mystery to be added
don't worry oh there we go
see yeah by the way look at all this
there's rats there's ghosts there's
green lights rich we're playing a spooky
game for Halloween drunk camera Michels
is rich have you so actually and you
know what hold on for soup pilgrim who
says Jack thinks green arrow is good and
Game of Thrones is bad I don't think the
green arrow is good and I still watch it
I just want to clarify that I think
green arrow is a bad show and I talk
constantly about how it's a trashy cheap
looking show but I watch it anyway so I
just want to clarify that as I see that
pop up in the chat you go ahead
drunk camera Mitchell says I'll wait
back to breath ammonia Brian shadow says
glad you're back into this game Jack you
might appreciate what I'm working on
right now are you playing Gwent and then
they have a link to what they're working
on
I didn't click on it this might be oh
they're working on a cosplay nice and
that is the The Witcher armor be with
your arm or the butt that's some
talented people who can make shit like
that I'm forever in awe looks great
I mean I know I know my way about around
a hot glue gun mm-hmm I can I can make
some decent looking shit but something
like that that's great good job I'm not
playing any Gwent in within The Witcher
3 is a deck building game that they have
since now made its own game called Gwent
and there's this whole thing you can you
could just play Gwent in this game you
could just go around playing cards not
worrying about slaying monsters at all
if you felt like it
that's crazy oh I thought Gwen was like
a character you would play as no Gwen is
the is the in game like like like girls
female understudy Gwen he's got a
trainee which er this is one
that's very funny yeah Gwent is the
deck-building card game that exists
inside the game okay whoo look at that
tool
we're fuckin getting some from beyond in
here look at this it's like a glass tube
oh oh bamboo yeah we are in a spooky
science lab trying to trying to think
good science fiction shows that aren't
first diaper start correct related now
there were alien nation show I do
remember alienation as a show alienation
was a decent sci-fi I remember watching
that a lot man and machine one season
long cop shot ain't no philosophy Susan
I don't remember that one in the future
a cop detective man gets teamed up with
a female Android experimental robot cop
okay she's she's very naive yet
knowledgeable and his his actual name
was man yes yes you know like a man man2
ends
I get it I get it okay hold on wait
there's some stuff I have to
I'm special always was the rare beauty
the Lord's daughter these lands as far
as the eye can see where I was my family
and I were hid in the major tower to
await the rules in at the end of our
time it was not to be forever
mage who lived here who was he okay
don't get excited ghost lady I'm trying
to keep this ghost calm they slaughtered
my father but the mage told me to reveal
myself Romani
he gave me a potion discovered I was
drinking he said everything
like you know pros and cons again about
The Witcher 3 like I am super invested
in this ghost lady's story like I get it
like you know everything we've let up
that has led us here I've we you know we
saw some of the peasant ghosts we saw
this girl you know like I'm so into this
but like I don't care about my main
quest at all
yeah and that's support you know that's
supposed to be the driving force but
like they're very good at small
storytelling that you know what this
reminds me a lot of and someone's gonna
be very mad at me
is the show superstitious superstition
okay you know with the with the ghost
fighting brothers okay you know that
shows it's supernatural supernatural
that's what it is thank you no problem
where you know like they go on these
little these little adventures but
they're short little adventures and and
that's what all of these side quests
remind me of is like short little ghost
adventures but I don't necessarily care
about the overarching story drunk
Cameron Mitchell I did finish reading
that tip earlier it led to an extended
discussion about la noir yeah spiraled
into protagonist death we did a whole
thing on it
I always agreed the potion drinking it
didn't trust the mage in the village
they came to meddled in disease they
said he lured rats into the tower did
they hurt you they caught it with my
arms torn my dress I managed to free
myself and drink the potion and then
poisoned that how you died a ghost
potion rich sleeping potion okay oh she
got eaten alive by fucking rats that's
great
saddled up okay yeah I'll see if you can
talk to him hey baby it's cool
mmm-hmm what was that Crispin Glover
movie about rats it was called something
like Oliver or Willard I'm just thinking
about Dishonored dishonored dishonor had
a plague of rats that would just devour
people oh yeah it was called Willard the
Crispin Glover movie about rats was
called Willard all right hold on so I
think my guess is we got to get the
beloved to come back
so she's an untrustworthy ghost well or
she really can't remember and like you
know like sometimes you you can solve
situations just by talking to people
yeah okay I gotta go find I gotta go
find this Graham
Oh unless I bring her bones to him and
she like tries to kill him in which case
I get a ghost fight so yeah okay either
way yeah yeah let's do this
your honor Jack what you're on it I'm on
this you might try to kill him of course
like if I take her bones to him share
ghost is gonna pop up and try to kill
him but then I get to fight it either
way I either solve the mystery or I get
to fight a ghost it's a win-win right
I'm okay with this - her name Annabelle
I was it yeah that could have been yeah
Annabelle creation yeah the new series
yeah wait series based on the dome
there's like two or three of those
movies oh I think my like TV series oh
yeah yeah there's two or three of those
movies now yeah yeah all right gotta go
find me a lava Lincoln junior says Jack
I'm Jack Ridge you're right
my Christmas movie is jingle all the way
but I don't have a Halloween movie
what is your Halloween movie just just
big gremlins it works for both holidays
what you know what we were talking about
earlier rich is we were talking about
this isn't necessarily my Halloween
movie but it's one that I use I usually
watch a Halloween which is nightmare but
The Nightmare Before Christmas oh yeah I
mean we're talking about that earlier we
were talking about that earlier and I
mean I made a joke on Twitter the other
day about how the ending to Nightmare
Before Christmas kind of sucks and you
agreed with yes and I really I really
appreciate you agreeing with me the
message is don't try don't do anything
different stay saying your lot even if
you're miserable yep stay like you're
trapped in a box stay in the box maybe
put some wallpaper in the box don't try
new things don't try new things
hey that does it does have a very
depressing message it does I feel like
it's not well I feel like the the the
moral of the story is not very well
thought out but maybe the ending is oh
he didn't quite get him now he truly
understands what Christmas is really
about it's not it's not the superficial
gives the wrap things something else the
spirit of the spirit of giving and love
I would be something that would be
something or may or may be like he
messes up he messes up Christmas cuz he
doesn't quite get it right right but
then like well then but the real ending
is oh he really really gets it and well
yeah but maybe then like Santa when
Santa tries to fix it gets into a bind
and jack is able to use his particular
knowledge to help Santa out are you
saying that Jack needs giant glowing red
nose that should have been the end of
the simplest stories sometimes but like
maybe he could have a way to use his
Halloween knowledge to help out yeah
yeah to help out Christmas and alike but
like also kind of get out there but
realize that he loves Halloween like I
think there's a better way to handle
that ending still a gorgeous movie
visually I am not much of a horror movie
person yeah so it's weird for me to have
a Halloween movie but I kind of do know
and it's recent it's a recent addition
Raven I haven't had a Halloween movie
till recently I found I enjoyed trick or
treat the Brian singer in technology
yeah that's a fine anthology it's a fine
movie it's like a modern-day Tales from
the Crypt yeah yeah you know I can be
with you there I don't necessarily have
a Halloween movie but I did like trick
or treat I I think we've gotten all the
things we can out of this place
Oh what did I do
rat slowly walking down this there there
might be better straight up horror
movies but Trick or Treat is just so
drenched in the holiday of Halloween
trick-or-treat is more than oh it's fun
yes more than just oh yes sure - yes oh
fuck I didn't want that you know they're
having some fun with the holiday rich
watched the thing that would be a good
science fiction film and not necessarily
a good Halloween film it's it's about
balancing the horror with the fun a
perfect Halloween time trick our treats
as you know sometimes I'm not super into
anthologies but trick R treat is their
church for trick-or-treat gets it I did
not watch the chat I did not watch the
Krampus with Mike and Jay I did watch it
on my own I wasn't impressed it just
kind of ends they don't know how to end
it oh are you seen it no no I have I'm
going to probably that's one of those
that's always like it's Christmas time I
should really watch the Krampus didn't
get around with it didn't get around to
it a lot a lot of good things about that
movie but it loses me at the end sure
completely loses me the ending felt like
they didn't know how to end it and did
that's how at the ending of the Krampus
poem
sure Estevan
locked locked
Gerald walk so slow
my name is Tate says I know it just came
out but you guys should check out Patton
Oswalt's annihilation on Netflix I've
heard very good things it's funny
heartbreaking and heartwarming all in
one I love that guy
all right I've heard very very good
thing not seen it not seen yet yeah yeah
it's supposed to you know it's a his
Netflix stand-up special I know a lot of
it deals with the sudden and unexpected
death of his wife it might be a while
I'm rewatching stranger things new
seasons coming out and I'm gonna start
watching that you know there's things
rich there's things to watch how'd the
fuck do I get out of this house I
remember this fire oh there it is
there's a door dr. Lou up says a few
weeks ago I started watching best of the
worst in reverse order I didn't realize
how long it's been since Jesse was on
the show oh well madam says hey guys I
understand if you don't want to read
this oh my let me read this first before
I see the fire you understand you don't
want to read this out loud but let me
know your nose here this is all about
yeah I just don't want to talk about
that it just sounds depressing I don't
want to get into that do you want to get
into that I have just really don't
they're there I mean yeah yeah it's
nothing terribly controversial or
anything chat don't worry about it
naima says just wanted to say well done
to Jack for not letting a bunch of dicks
ruin a good gaming experience for him it
they almost did they truly almost did go
go go go go you know it came close but
really thanks to noclip thanks to noclip
i was able to to find you know something
to latch on to this game is it's slow to
start you know it it it takes a whole
lot to get into a button I am into it
now and our son's speaking of facial
animations facial animation animation
yeah let's singular not plural don't
face shame grand moff tarkin no it was
terrible it was terribly uncanny valley
it was distracting and it was horrible
I'm sorry I go fuck yourself
may I ask what lav mics do you usually
use for half in the bag and such thank
you for the stream and laughs you're
welcome but if you really wanted to
thank us don't ask for stupid questions
bug
CGI grand moff tarkin when you goddamn
well know I hated it he looked like a
cartoon character he looked like a
goddamn cartoon character and there were
better ways to do it there were better
ways to get grand moff tarkin
in that movie
who are you I've been to the island I
know what happened
drunken camera Mitchell has hit a random
string of letters and says here's $10 $2
you fucks and rich I still disagree
about facial animation than random
gobbledygook great okay y-you just watch
movies man y-you just watch movies if
you care so much about goddamn game
facial animation right it's probably a
movie theater right right near your home
did you love her loose if deeply freaky
we'd be together
of course you gotta tell me yeah no they
want the volume without watching a lot
of cutscenes watch this I'm gonna go
turn the heat down because hottest
thinking I'm focusing
first then she drank poison mage mr. KY
run out the tower hollering that I
wanted to die cursing them all to hell
don't force me to speak of it no more
said you were hollering as you flew the
tower the island what exactly did you
say
I wanted them to pay for what they'd
done to her might have cursed them
there's a powerful magic or on fyke Isle
passions evil intent the strong emotions
of any kind can activate it
your words could be the curses source
she took the poison because if then it
wasn't poison and I don't drink a strong
sleeping potion mage wanted to protect
her make it look like she was dead
convinced everyone that means she you
said you spoke to spoke to a ghost by
the time she awoke tower was full of
cold corpses and rats she was warm meat
rats ate her alive
he was cold all through like a corpse we
shook her begged open your eyes I never
thought the The Witcher is not wearing
mittens those are those are gauntlets
they do look a lot like mittens but
their gauntlets they have a higher
defense stat than other things but
Annabelle needs you her soul will only
find peace if you help her what can I do
it's too late
bury her bones Annabelle should be laid
to rest by one who loved her it's the
only way to lift the curse that holds
fyke Isle her famous yes leave me be
those are just those are definitely
mittens but what they really are is not
Knights gauntlets what do I have here
yeah they're okay they're Knights
gauntlets and as you see there they have
a pretty decent armor stat so those we
got our funny pants cross though all
that good stuff lovey lovey looks like
he has his hands stuck into it it looks
like he has oven mitts on it looks like
it looks like he's about to take a pie
out of the oven and doesn't that towards
me which a sense
yeah small shrine yeah goddamnit Ridge
you got some stuff accomplished except
for the one thing you wanted to get
accomplished oh she's gonna kill looks
like rain yep
she's a pastime and now she's free damn
it damn it she so she turned into a
wraith and killed him and then I didn't
get to fight her she went away I gotta
go I gotta go find her I'm proud of you
for having the foresight to see that
coming
yeah but I thought at least there'd be a
fight did it dispel the curse yeah when
win and but I wanted to fight I wanted a
wraith fight oh well yeah I mean it'll
have to do
trusting ghosts why wouldn't you trust a
ghost ghosts are just people that aren't
in a body anymore
I think if person was trustworthy in
life mm-hmm
they're probably still going to be
trustworthy as a ghost sure sure
yeah we don't really know if Annabelle
was trustworthy in life but you know
also it's it's my job here too to put
spirits to rest and so you know there
has to be a little bit of goodwill take
in we're just like all right we'll try
we'll try doing your things and if not
you meet the you meet the bad end of my
silver sword and you know if I saw a
ghost
I don't know that my first reaction
would be to run away hmm well maybe like
the first reflex would be startled sure
but I I think I would calmly try to talk
to the ghost the the problem most myths
you know like in The Witcher here and
like in that show the supernatural they
say that the reason that most specters
are around is because of some sort of
violent or traumatic death and so that's
why most ghosts are angry or vengeful
because they've been reliving the
violence and trauma
I didn't traumatize them that it doesn't
matter okay ghosts don't use no logic
they they're just full of trauma and
anger I have a I haven't entirely you
see if you say this that's how you
expect to go story to work
angry and yeah that's how they you know
I have a new take on this I I to my
knowledge I don't know that anybody has
done this
alright what do you got I want to see a
movie or a story where the ghost is not
trying to kill someone they're angry
with I want to see a story where the
ghost is trying to kill somebody they
genuinely love so they could be together
again has anybody ever done this has
this ever happened and it makes so much
sense what we're talking about rich is a
paranormal romantic comedy yes silly
romantic comedy but a paranormal romance
normal girl and comedy it's a paranormal
romantic dark comedy I miss you so much
I'm going to try and kill you rich Aaron
you win and so the you know will distort
what the story would be is you know yeah
we get the first ten minutes worth it
were they the the boyfriend dies or
whatever right uh-huh
and then he fumbles around much like
ghosts trying to figure out his ghost
powers so he can kill the girl but then
along the way maybe learns a lesson and
it's got too many parallels the domestic
violence it has to be the girl who's a
ghost trying to kill him just so it's
just so it doesn't feel hookie - hookie
- hookie yeah well he learns a lesson in
the end okay okay he doesn't kill her in
the end that does feel a little hooky it
should be the girl should be the ghost
well that's why you have to go comedy
route because then you know like then
you know because then that gets a new
boyfriend and then the ghost tries to
kill him - no oh that's that's best um
that's the route that's been done before
we don't need that
right and I feel like you can't do it
like I feel like you'll fall into the
same trap things as the girl with like
if the girl is the ghost because then
it's like oh what she's so obsessed with
the man so I feel like either way either
way you're kind of in a pickle all right
what about a ghost mother trying to kill
the dog the daughter or the son it's
been years of yeah they were a kid when
they when the mother died another adult
that would be just a good supernatural
story yeah I like the angle of the
romance though okay okay I think that
that's how we're gonna sell the script
rich is the a and like I said I think if
you do it with a comedy spin a lot of
that like adds domestic violence gets
gets kind of pushed under the rug
because it's funny you see and and
really it's as long as we show two
intent like you know in in his fumbling
in his dumb fumbling he just wants to be
with the girl who still loves him by the
way she hasn't moved on yeah yeah she
can't move on like there can't be a new
guy because she still loves him
and so like that's why the attempted
murder can be justified because that's
what it will be attempted murder but
he's ghost some rules don't necessarily
apply to him oh come here roach you dumb
horse you're still waiting here for me
I've been gone for hours I love you you
dumb horse
but I like it I like it we will spin it
as a paranormal romantic dark comedy
where it has all the standard beats of a
rom-com but it's about a ghost trying to
kill his life I think that I think that
is a fantastic idea what are you doing
in here girl that was the quest
alternate ending what the ghost the
ghost quest we're saying that was the
alternate ending to the ghost quest what
was I'm assuming what we're talking
about with the killing out of love to be
together rather than anger but she
seemed pretty bitter yeah she turned
into an evil ghost maybe if I had chosen
chosen some different story okay that's
what that's what would have happened
maybe maybe it ends differently if you
would bring yeah she's touched if he
would actually show up to see her I
don't know sure and you fail to notice
you're losing your touch be that as it
may if I Karl is free of its curse
that's important
I'm almost inclined to say good work one
things bothering me
what Annabelle said Alexander was
studying diseases she mentioned the
Katriona you knew this all the mages
knew about it romantic comedies about
meeting a new person falling in love
that's true that's true or it's about
rediscovering an old I don't necessarily
know this should be a romantic comedy
but I that's the only way you're gonna
get around like we've been talking about
the the either the stalking or domestic
abuse traps the only way we can get
around that is by having a comedic spin
on it I'm not saying we need to be
cracking jokes but it needs to be
light-hearted you know this is the you
know what this is this is classic Sweet
Home Alabama you ever see sweet Alabama
no of course not you know why it's a
Reese Witherspoon romantic comedy city
girl goes back to the coat to the place
where she was born
runs into an ex-boyfriend who's still a
country boy they don't get along at
first but then she learns how to blop
blop blop
it's it's that but with ghosts trying to
kill people it's great
spelt applesauce Jack who is your
Witcher BAE do you go Tris or the
canonical yin so one of the problems
after 20 plus hours of gameplay
I have spent approximately five minutes
with Yin and I haven't Metris I don't
even know who Tris is my girl has talked
about Tris here and there I don't know
who she is
so right now my bae is this Biddy I've
spent more time with this girl right
here that I have with any other girl in
the game can you get together with this
girl I don't know if I can get together
with
girl I don't know what I can do I
presume there is a love interest huh I
presume there is a love interest but
that's presumption of tryst was in the
last two games but I didn't play the
last two games I just started playing
this game
you totally can bone her well that is
listen she's the she's the first lady I
see can i bone them all you can fuck on
the back of a unicorn is that true
because I kind of want that to happen
that's that could that could happen
favorite rom-com all right time I was on
my way maybe it's that necrotic oil why
not if he was coming here from novigrad
he must have passed through black bow
I'll check the area thank you I shall be
ever so grateful
yay world girl all right great
we did it excuse me Jack do you have a
favorite romantic comedy you know there
there's their doll disposable garbage
but I still love them because sometimes
you just want the formula and you just
know the formula and you want it not a
necessarily a favorite I'm just gonna
say mannequin for pure cheese Plus Kim
Cattrall was hot and the day yeah Fisher
King I'm not so sure I'd call that a
romantic comedy When Harry Met Sally is
it perfectly fine romantic comedy don't
really remember that it's good it's good
it's good and it's not it's it's darker
than a lot of people remember yeah yeah
Groundhog Day if you're gonna call that
a romantic comedy sure
oh I thought Jack didn't like this guy
I'm gay I after the noclip documentary
series came out I I they they sold me
they sold me on the game so I'm giving
another go and I'm enjoying it along
this this guy here helped me defeat the
evil fetus or help me befriend more
importantly he helped me befriend the
evil fetus
so I should really hold challenging for
a second
around hot day is a great rom-com
technically it is the interesting part
of Groundhog Day have anything to do
with the romance right like there are
elements of rom-com I think if you if
you wanted to get stolen I will admit to
that yes but the question is would it be
out of place in the rom-com section not
necessarily well I mean it's you just
call it a straight-up comedy science
fiction even hey yeah I think you could
make that argument I don't know I don't
know but I don't know that rom-com quite
fits rom-com definitely fits it's just
how much how high on the list of things
that it is
why are so people will obsessed with
determining genre fits because it's
something to talk about the end of the
day it doesn't really fucking matter as
humans we have grown accustomed to
putting things in order and categories
as broader civilization a long way we
act we really like to find seemingly
random patterns and and put them in some
sort of comprehensible order that is a
uniquely human trait
and so even though whether or not
Groundhog Day is a rom-com
on the grand scale of patterns doesn't
really stack up it's fun to talk about
this was a Steve Guttenberg one's high
spirits to earth at high spirits he
falls in love with a ghost what he falls
in love with a ghost fuck man it's great
does the ghost try to kill him trying to
remember now this might be something I
don't think she does is this okay is
this your idea hey this could be like
just subconscious cuz now now that's
coming to my head for some reason yeah
yeah I know at the end he has to kiss
her when she's kind of halfway alive
because of the magic special date sure
but she looks like a corpse so yes
basically he has to kiss a zombie haha
nice yeah
wait stretch of chow if I go with the
Peller do I finish the kira storyline is
that what you're telling me the dirt was
daryl hannah the girl the ghost girl she
was everything back then she was
everything
Oh's was Liam Neeson the the ghost
husband that killer he might have been
what so I gotta go I gotta go back to
that fucking Island that be back on he
was too big for shit like that
right and before he was too big for that
if I said that wrong I might have I'm
just gonna assume I said it wrong I
heard before he was too okay I did say
it right the first time
maybe I but you know who the fuck knows
right oh I left a roach could be your
brain is just used to translating rich
when he probably meant before by this
time I just know what you mean
Oh take in a boat I could take roach but
you know I gotta get on a boat to the
island anyway so here's a nice boat
there is a Mark Ruffalo movie where him
and ghost Reese Witherspoon fall in love
that is true yeah that is true that is a
true thing I and I've seen it I don't
think it was very good
what's it called um Ghost Hulk
ghost ghost Oh little big Hulk almost
like ghetto
Sith Lord I am familiar with fast travel
but I don't much care for fast travel I
like walking around and seeing stuff
every once in a while I'll fast travel
like especially if I'm putting gear away
I'll just fast travel to my chest
put it away then go back to the mission
but I kind of really like looking around
like leave this shit it's a nice world
that's the whole point of games like
this is you just hang out in the world
for a bit
just like heaven oh there you go yeah
that was it alright I'm just along
what's our uptime I'm probably just
gonna do this mission and then be all
done all right what's that what's how
have you been doing today what started
basically for its okay that's eight and
it's eight yeah
Oh perfect perfect perfect
four hours 21 minutes perfect all right
Brown Adam Sandler's is hypothetical the
protagonist has made the decision to
heroically sacrifice themself at this
point would you prefer they just die or
the writers pull some bullshit to save
them a lot magicq on blood bullshit to
save them and it doesn't have to feel
this cheapest magic on blood any
important thing is being willing to make
the sacrifice sure that's fair that's
fair
mister was at mister huh I'm just gonna
read there right there are is blending
up with an and mister noosphere says
October 26 2017 and we're tiptoeing
around Farscape spoilers did I say I
love you guys Snape killed Dumbledore
oh no you didn't anonymous says just a
tip there are some great side mission
involving the Gwent game if you don't
play all the games you miss out on the
best cards making those missions much
harder I'm not interested in Quint I'm
gonna stay away from the whole Gwent
thing I played one game of Gwent and it
didn't really get to me maybe I'll play
the standalone Gwent game but again just
not that into great when that's the
moment all right I gotta fight monsters
and keep monsters away from the Peller
here oh shit
Ayatollah of rock and roll hey guys go
through the string someone offers you
offered you 50 million dollars to clone
you and make as many clothes as they
want for medical experimentation
maybe vivisection torture would you say
yes probably not we're just gonna
torture something
yeah like is it okay to torture sentient
beings like that's a wheelie these
clones gonna be mindless or they're
gonna have all of my thoughts and
memories and feelings somehow Thank You
peg which
marina's God says I'm drunk so I just
wanted to say I love you guys rich
you should watch Babylon 5 stars
starting with season 2 at some point
it's lanka goodness
thanks for the early stream you fucks
maybe I should skip ahead of Babylon 5 I
don't know I tried a couple of times
never got past the pilot
none of us is rich your idea about one
dead partner wanting the other dead so
they could be together forever sorry but
you just described the core plot to the
Twilight Saga that's not quite the same
thing come on come on - now
this Peller has helped me out before he
helped me with the monster fetus thing
yeah what's the dilemma I haven't been
paying any assumed I have not been
paying any okay so the Peller has hired
me to keep away monsters while he does
his spiritual ceremony yeah
like hey just keep the monsters away
from me while I'm doing my spiritual
ceremony now some dudes have come up and
said hey we're not cool with you doing
your spiritual ceremony stop it so I
have to choose now whether why is the
ceremony significant the people like it
and it you know obviously they don't
like it no no the people like three
don't like it but overall the people
like it and it helps the good juju why
don't the three who don't like it why
don't they because they don't like
anything spiritual they don't like
anything spiritual word we're done with
your voodoo ways grandpa I don't like
anything spiritual either but right I'm
perfectly able to mind my own fucking
business
yeah so fuck those guys yep great oh
you're gonna fucking die thing about
their customs Oh dead fucking dead them
nope
Oh me kill
excuse me grandpa
I gotta kill this guy why find others
human sacrifices involved great huh
that could be who cares I get to fight
more monsters
yeah like the our I'll I like to push
him down one because usually it like if
they fall over then it's a one-shot kill
and that thins that herders
so I enjoyed that that magic the most
lighting people on fire is also pretty
great but oh shit raids we got to use
the urine fuck fuck fuck
gotta use the yrden and trap them like
that and then we can hit them you know
it's important to know you're using the
erdan that ring of things that it's that
ring of things and if they're inside I
do more damage because they're trapped
in them
fucking hell yeah you're dead done I'm
so into this I kind of into this I'll be
honest with you now which is about the
ritual that's spirit they drove away
your father's ghost right threatened to
come back likely to keep his word it
takes a long time to just figure out
what the fuck is going on
but once you're there yeah it's kind of
a cheat so up to rich if he tells Jackyl
but you can bang anyone in witcher 3 but
you have to choose between trysts and
yen if you don't there's a consequence
you don't get to bang anyone I haven't
met Trish yet I don't know who Tris is
yeah Jack she's in The Witcher 2 and
I'll be honest with you I'm leaning
towards Tris cuz yeah nifer kind of
seems like a bitch so right now I would
much rather have someone who I've not
met over yennefer who doesn't seem
terribly into me
you can't hope to manage this alone
you're afraid that's clear rayful hold
sway over you listen I'll send him off
I've got to but I need to know where
he's buried
corpse probably hasn't turned to dust
yet that's his bond to the world of the
living
I'm Bruce Louis ease the swamp fine I'll
find his body to see what I can do yeah
so vast Raoul says hey Richard jack
first stream as a subscriber and Jack
returns to the witcher 3 one of my
favorite games hope see it streamed more
here and there and make sure rich is
around for the vistas oh-oh-oh storms in
the background and everything oh look at
those Vista's all right yeah that's all
I want to do we're caught up with tips
I'm just gonna I'm gonna loot some dead
bodies real quick take your coin and
then then I'll save and we'll be all
done yeah we can play this more because
playing it on the gog and they have
cloud sync which is always nice what a
great invention cloud sync start playing
at home finish playing here all right
great that's good we are good nope
that's not I save that's how I save boom
and we are saved
look out for the Vista's so many Vista's
good o gog forgot I've got way too much
shit on my plate right now
but oh no and come Thursday I won't be
able to play it anymore or come to wait
is that tomorrow no no the 27th yeah
come come Friday I won't be able to play
it anymore either because Mario Galaxy
comes out and will probably do that for
the next episode so we gotta play that
what what are they charging for this
game now Witcher 3 yeah you know what
I have GOG open right now let's go can
we go to the store page visits to our
page witcher 3 the Wild Hunt is a forty
dollar drm-free
or you can pay a hundred and fifteen
dollars for the entire fucking series
including a live concert of its music
what'd you get The Witcher enchanted
addition to which our two assassins of
Kings the Witcher 3 Wild Hunt The
Witcher adventure game I think I bought
one and two on like a Steam sale I just
could not get through one yeah well not
give you one yeah look I mean it's old
you know what is the Witcher adventure
game what Chad that's a completely
random ask question here at the end of
the stream but a huge fan of GI Joe the
the comic books though not more far more
so than the cartoon show which I have
almost no nostalgia form but the fucking
Lara Larry Hamm a comic books awesome
snake eyes for life whole life ah good
old is such a man-whore home listen I I
don't I'll probably forget about I I
would probably have fallen in love with
one of the witcher 3 people eventually
but you just missed the sale the
complete witcher 3 l DLC was
sale for 20 bucks oh yeah wait until it
goes on sale again then part two is
borderline unplugging love part two I
thought part two is were an instant the
series took off part two what was that
though that was like Xbox 360 time right
sure I remember - being super fucking
popular oh yeah
are - oh yeah see here's a part no what
are you talking about part two is the
Grizz
oh no and by the way I will keep playing
The Witcher I've been enjoying the heck
out of it but I'll probably have to take
a little break for Mario Odyssey but
I've really been enjoying it all right
now is the time of the stream in which
we thank all the people who have
subscribed to us during this street much
like savvy bones
who says forget Savi's sub for a second
I think I need to play rock of ages two
and a hat end time in rich and rich
mentioned he is going to give Final
Fantasy 7 a shot this Sunday I never
said that you're just paying a jerk oh
of course be into playing it I get that
was like I said that you know what I hat
in time looks really boring to me it
look it looks like a really boring
collectathon and I'm not interested in
all on a pair sorry okay
captain's ro SEVIS tromo real alex jones
getting diluted herman Edel toll bot Exe
the end hero is sneaky SMED stan smith
status sneaky smith sad stick in this
Nick is miss Todd Vegas massage cosmos
gesture for 31 fucking months in a row
says I watched sacrament readin I watch
documentary now based on your
recommendation I'm glad I did that's
good stuff
death John Z no trope for 39
motherfucking monster Oh says I don't
know about you but I pronounce waifu or
way for whatever as give me your lunch
money as if someone says that and beat
him up because they're gonna nerd yeah
yeah it's fine
normally not not for bullying but i
think i think in terms of anyone who
would say we foo seriously I think I'm
okay with it
there's there's a difference between
bullying and just shaming listen and
there is nothing wrong with pointing out
that calling anything a waifu is super
lame general Gore who says played
Wolfenstein the new order way too many
cutscenes like you said but overall
super fun shooter also tell the chat to
settle down settle down jet that just
makes them worse
I agree general Gore I agree with all
that super fun too many cutscenes Tom
TVA says congratulations it's a squid
that pigs are flying dr. pepper PhD
eight eight nine Tiberius Kirk sand says
and yet Jack is excited about his video
game wives and start you see that
there's a difference there is no problem
like talking excitedly about your video
game wives that's fine
you just don't call them a YF Foos or
whatever that is like oh you know I'm
talking about my wife hey this is fun
part of the gameplay if you're just
generally speculating on who you would
love to marry and fuck in real life then
you have a problem about how casual you
are about it like know if you're just
enjoying a romantic subplot in a story
that's one thing but obsessing over a
woman who does not exist that turns into
creepy that does it does
Nouriel
I'm on 421 in fucking months in a row
Sagan one two two zero four thirty three
fucking months in a row Ruki me d su
sure worry t-midi su says five months
I've heard great things about the
Witcher games but I decided to read the
books before I start playing I wonder
what the translations like on them cuz
no idea to polish no idea wonder if I
wonder if anything's lost space camo for
38 motherfucking months in a row you
feel old doesn't it so old I mean other
things make me feel old walrus to the
brush are Miller for twenty six fucking
months in a row says thanks for 26 solid
months of non-stop action-packed ball to
the wall nail-biting inspired chill
inducing streams of sheer unholy
entertainment
that's why but thank you Oh
2x mr. glitch says I love spending other
people's money here's to five more
months spent spend that mad bazo's cash
we're okay with it and Jim Doc's who
says two-month anniversary doesn't make
sense
twitch alright alright thank you all for
subscribing we really appreciate it
Stroeve I really do and today rich is
gonna remember to hit the end button
before he stops the stream like that
