Episode 888
Friday the 31st (part 1)
November 3, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GhxJVhnqyDg
___________________________________________

I'm not thinking about you guys yep oh I
hit my hand on the microphone
I can't see the fucking keyboard you
could just take the sheet off I think I
can't see the keyboard rich you can just
take the sheet off it's better it's
better mouth I'm spooky god damnit rich
can't always take away my spookiness in
the 13th there we go there we go
there we go we did it turn you up a
little bit
all right you up here so we can hear all
right all right
do you go ahead man you play you own the
implant you place it you literally just
said that you want to play I'm like this
is what you said jerk big meanie mean
mcmean take a shot of Jack every time
you die yeah that's interesting
jack is drinking heavily under the sheet
there's a region select now that's
that's new oh that's good I am I am
drinking under the sheet I'm drinking
water under the sheet hey what happened
to the layers of fear we decided against
it every chat flipped out rich flipped
out I flipped out we all flipped out and
and now we're here which I'm okay with
this is a perfectly spooky game to be
playing on Halloween
hey Jack fat at Packard how much you
love blink on Doctor Who that's oh
that's a good episode that's a very good
episode what she got her strength bad
stealth average stamina just below
average speed disrepair yeah she might
not be bad yeah give her a try she's got
a cool outfit I don't have time to get
her perks it here though do I know no I
don't want that one it's fine yeah oh I
didn't get to select her growling oh my
girl I hope I'm not Jason I totally do
not remember how to play this game at
all I've forgotten literally everything
about this game okay well there you go
well there you go yes a blink but oh
yeah blink blink ax is a is a landmark
episode for the new run of Doctor Who
it's a an amazing episode if you if you
have someone who you think might be into
Doctor Who
show them blink first it's it's it's a
wonderful episode on its own even though
you know me I like to start the series
at the earliest point possible blink is
one of those episodes that you could
just show someone in though they'd get
in the doctor and it speaks to how I
feel they have ruined the show and they
took one of the
amazing enemies and and turned them into
a joke they took the weeping angels and
turned them into it's goddamn joke to
play this game
which I don't
well sita beerus that's that's the great
thing about that episode is you don't
necessarily need to know anything about
the doctor to get into it and you know
you know that there's someone traveling
somewhere and trying to help but the
execution the way in which they go about
helping is clever and hopefully that
will pique someone's interest into the
doctor can their whole situation I think
it does work as a standalone episode it
works better if you know that the
doctors not there but it can work is
just a standalone episode that's a
sluggish response time and that duck but
yeah blinks great that's like a third of
a second after I hit the button doctor
who used to be great but I have not
watched Doctor Who in two maybe three
seasons I don't even know where they are
now yeah I don't even remember how to
run you you're doing every to doing a
great job you're doing a great job
you're not dead yet yeah congratulations
by that garage I don't need to go there
yeah
no idea what I'm doing right out because
I've forgotten everything about this
game but so but yeah I haven't watched I
haven't watched any Capaldi I didn't
want to the last bit of Matt Smith's run
the new Doctor Who again I don't care
about the show if Moffat is still the
showrunner I just won't care once once
he's gone maybe I'll come back I know
the actress she was on the first season
broadchurch and she is very good in it
and so I know the actress she's very
good and I bet she'll be a great doctor
who but that's about that's about all I
know about Doctor Who at this point
[Music]
Moffat's terrible but he's leaving so
the first half of this last season was
so good Oh see now we're talking as soon
as that dickheads done now I'll come
back when did he take over as the
showman Babs since he's been around
since is he at one point he was a writer
on Doctor Who and then but they had a
different showrunner someone who no knew
how to rein him in and yeah as soon as
he took over a showrunner the show went
into a steady but constant down slide he
he was to schlocky for his own good and
the stories didn't make much sense it
was it was terrible so is dr. pool woman
yet
I think that's next season okay that's
one day I think it's still Capaldi Peter
Capaldi he took over with the Matt Smith
one yeah and you know the first season
with Matt Smith wasn't terrible I don't
know this man at all but yeah now that I
know he's gone I might pick it up again
because that was a show that I enjoyed
for a long time they had a lot of good
runs yeah this is my first time playing
with the hippie guy but like I have not
played this game in forever
at this point I have zero idea what I'm
doing
hmm and I've got a sheet covering my
hands all right we're gonna back up the
person with the gas here yeah we'll get
out together yeah capaldis I'm sure I'm
shit like I don't doubt that Capaldi is
a fine doctor I just will I care about
any of his stories because muffets in
charge but they're saying actually the
person who directed broadchurch which
was a great
is now the is going to be the new
showrunner of Doctor Who so that's
that's double good that's double fucking
good every time I call the doctor doctor
who my niece gets annoyed and corrects
me right yeah Stefan muffin Stefan
Muffet ruined Doctor Who maybe maybe
they can turn it around oh I did
blueberry I did hear about that that's a
fine thing to talk about a PlayStation
had a recent slew of announcements new
games and whatnots and they have
announced spelunky to Derek Hugh is
working on spelunky - that was an
unfortunate Ryan I did not mean to
[Music]
are used to carrying the gas in lady
very possible a fine question
[Music]
but yeah like I don't know how I feel
about going to two obviously I really
like spelunky also announced guacamelee
to
[Music]
I'm so fucked I am as they say hosed oh
the gas shows up on the map now look at
that did it show up before no just when
she dropped it I don't know how I feel
about that edition the question is does
it show like does it only show up after
someone grabs it from the location all
right we'll go into the other car see
you like look it's not it's not showing
up on the map now because you're holding
it
but in the case of Lanka - could be
great I know you know they made a really
good game before so all these people are
coming together to make you know the
sequel to a game that I fucking love I'm
excited about that I have no other
thoughts because they've they've given
us no look at the gameplay yet they've
given us no idea what spelunky 2 will be
so I can't go super in-depth on anything
because we don't know anything
Ivan Liao I like that color Rich's the
chroma key to all of this house
yes oh my god Oh
[Music]
that's fine
get your get your bearings Oh totally so
lost right now I don't I don't know if
that's a nice change the items showing
up or if it's giving too much to the
counselors oh look at that oh I love her
outfit
cool jacket let's see here
lost in technicolor says have seen a lot
of people saying that the cityscape
shots in Blade Runner 2049 looks like
crappy CGI all the flyover cityscape
shots were detailed large-scale models a
lot of dumb people out there yeah a lot
of dumb people out there and I thought
they looked gorgeous so dumb people
gonna be dumb there's nothing you can do
about it dumb people gonna be dumb but I
think I think I think the whole movie
looks gorgeous also I think I love
Batista's part in the movie Drax aka
Batista is is in the movie and he is a
you know obviously a very large man and
he wears tiny tiny glasses yeah and he
looks like a cartoon character and it's
very fitting for the world like he looks
he looks like something straight out of
an anime because he's just a giant
bulging man with with tiny tiny reading
glasses
what was he in the movie huh does he
have a big part but each time what does
he do is he he did he does not have a
big part no he's uh this is acting good
yes his acting was good his acting is
good he's good in guardians but that's
something of a gimmick it's totally a
gimmick yeah well and it's you know it's
tough it's got to be tough for him as
far as like just being an ass
because he's a big guy there's no
there's no changing that he's a big guy
and so he has to have very specific
roles but I think he did I think he did
a good job
yeah no I'm not I'm not no spoilers no
spoilers for for Blade Runner but it's
not a spoiler to say that I think dave
bautista acted well yeah I knew she had
the keys
[Music]
fixing I'm out of here
dreamer TK I respectfully disagree oh
come on
should driver though yeah I disagree
with a lot I think there could have been
cuts here there the Blade Runner like I
said it ten minutes too long there there
hit there hit a point near the end of
Blade Runner in which I felt the need to
look at my watch no no but you know it
it picked up again near the end but like
there was a moment where it were drag
jeez getting out of here here let's see
here G shops is hi rich
Jack just had another successful
Halloween
lots of kids coming around for candy
thanks for having a stream to entertain
me between clusters of ghouls and
goblins yeah you're welcome
get well soon you're welcome kid this
turn to go away as I throw start to get
a little bit scratchy now it's now it's
okay that's good I don't know maybe it
was a false alarm
that'd be nice that's good I'd like to
I'd like to film what I'd like to record
a thing yeah later this week if you're
ready no I'm not ready yet you know
thing last night we did that last night
yep times been minimal and I know you
have other things that you have to yeah
that you have to do for other things to
be as vague as we possibly can be but
but sometime this week I'd like that
record a thing all right so all right
heads up get out here I wanna change
characters yeah change characters a
boost up some ladies so oh by the way
there are so many things happening all
right
that's a great outfit see what different
boots she has I put different boots on
her
red normal black I like normal black or
brown
I like black with the orange under
that's a great look okay what kind of
pants we got here doesn't go all over
the orange no green and grey I like the
brown work this is we did default down
Karen let's see what boots no those some
weak-ass boot selections right there you
know fine weak-ass boots kitchen get
your week boot game on Fox
what are restraints of mental stamina
well average Santa Mon stamina hold on
first of all hands o low we did play
ruiner and we did not like it it was
really boring really fast like really
fast
we played it like a couple hours of
ruiner and I hated it about what are we
getting the mouse and a keyboard or
something what do you want me to click
on no it's just the pressure keeps
moving away on its own oh you know I
like it might have just been like the
slope of how I'm sitting yeah put it
right here okay that's right no okay
well what do you want me to click on I
don't know I don't know what's wrong for
sure yeah well I'll put down stuff with
the mouse what do you want oh I don't
know what I'm thinking about what perks
you'd be good ok I just think about it
that's well let's go starts with the map
it's lame but I don't know the new maps
which ones start with the one on the
right okay and what else we now see if
it works for you hey real no okay starts
with the map yeah I mean this lame but
it's good she has good strength so do we
want to do like attacks melee weapon
we're not going for a kill right that I
know of increase your chance of stunning
Jason with a melee attack oh sure that's
always fun and what's the baseball bat
perk one start match with a baseball bat
male 8
images also increased I mean you get a
baton but you find a weapon no
durability increased okay thank you yeah
why does Thor have short hair in the new
Thor movie cuz when he gets to the
planet they shave his head and they want
him to look cooler they're updating his
look they're updating it I guess we
never played with the new Jason yeah we
didn't no I don't think I have I am so
completely out of practice you can do it
I believe in you yeah his hair was cut
in the first trailer they showed us that
already I'm getting reasonably psyched
for for reasonably sites
did rich have you played any of them new
Mario no no shit no you want v1 get on
it get on it I'm almost done
hello hello
hello hello charge hello how are you
is anybody in there
ah it's from a song anyone home
charge you had just cards does Jaczko
seven monocle yes I have a monocle and a
top hat it's hard to see cuz I'm against
the dark background but I'm a fancy
ghost I'm not just a ghost you have
discards I got this chord right here but
I just strangled someone with it it's
covered in blood
charge will see a faint ecology did I
say your joke no okay jack is drinking
booze under that she'd know I'm not do
you speak Portuguese no
speak Merkin
rip repeat repeat with me also charge el
pollo cards no bueno porfavor
oh god no
[Music]
just join the way does I'm considering
the quit yeah we'll see we'll see how
they do it yeah I'm not just going to
repeat something some guy says in
Portuguese yeah that's a trap I know
what's up if I do this you can kind of
see my fancy top hat how I guess what
you got something they got some high
pink
[Music]
also Jaisal no no no so no like what
city is fighting or what we do in the
shadows TV show good what we do in the
shadows is very funny movie what I
thought I'd change the character
goddamnit
I'm sorry rich and sorry as I am
okay well there you go
we're in this game with that douchebag
and yeah you know if he keeps douching
it up well we'll leave we'll leave do
shit up dude do shoot up
uh-huh fart it says good evening gentle
soul the trick or treating is done and
we have 250 kids come to our house our
neighborhood decorates way more for
Halloween on Christmas do you all see
the same trend
I've not seen hardly any
trick-or-treaters and years I've been
under the impression that Halloween is
dying holiday in it's all depends on
your area cuz in my neighborhood
trick-or-treating is literally shoulder
to shoulder traffic down the sidewalks
every year we run out of candy and every
year we try to buy just a little bit
more you know like save it from other
candies stuff and we always run out of
candy oh yeah we get so many we get so
many fucking kids I have updated I've
updated my my no costume policy
generally speaking I have a no costume
policy explain what that means you come
to my house not wearing a costume and
hold out a bag I don't give you candy as
it should be this is the whole thing
about Halloween you dress up in a
costume and I give you candy that's the
deal the problem is it usually creates a
small kerfuffle yeah the kids like come
on just give me a little bit of chaos
and no oh come on man you joking give me
some candy come on man and I say no but
you know like there's already now a line
of goods here's how you respond yeah you
are you are not currently a
trick-or-treater what you are is a
beggar it's it's it always causes a
slight kerfuffle and with the amount
with the amount of kids that come to my
door you know we got to keep the line
moving so this year I updated my my my
Halloween
trick-or-treating policy which is good
candy versus the bad candy so I have one
ball with the good candy in it your
chocolates your yeah smart easier your
starbursts and then I have another bowl
with like the little boxes of raisins in
it and the candy corn which I find
detestable and so if they come up and
don't have a costume they get something
from the bad hello so I'm pretty rate
yeah I know raisins yeah a tiny box of
raisins like not the good raisins either
okay get your CIA to see us yeah and see
him it was yes person in chat whose name
I can't see anymore I do like a sauce
rock history fish is a really good album
I also like none shall pass I listen to
none shall pass a lot icky icky
are they alive or is that a glitch
did you pick up the phone so fucking
dead funny I'm so dead
worst fuse that's the question I'd be
here it is sometimes there
dr. feel I don't I'm not here I'm not
sure how rich still feels but I still
think this game is worth it I think
there's enough good in this game where
it's worth it I'm just done with it
right I thought that was good I think
it's good yeah yeah yes I do like both
the wu-tang clan and A Tribe Called
Quest both fine bands find groups of
individuals who make two very different
hip-hop groups track Called Quest's and
wu-tang I remember the first time I
heard enter the wu-tang and the shit it
got real it got real rich rich doesn't
care for the hip-hop I don't and I do I
have got I have no map and I must find
the fuse box
she's easier said than done sure sure
but real for real Jack what did you
think about inside I think you review of
Rob rotting we did not review inside we
streamed it yeah and what I can say is
as a streaming experience I'm fucked
rich is fucked as a streaming experience
rich is fun oh my god you ran into a
tree yes I know you ran into a tree I
know I fucking know you're so fun so
fucking fucked
[Music]
oh yeah so we streamed inside and as a
streaming experience I really enjoyed it
because we got to do the entire game in
one playthrough
the the ending of that game to me
playing it live made the whole game
worth it though I must admit that I must
admit if I would have played it by
myself I probably would have been
disappointed but experiencing that live
made it worth it to me so that's all I
can say about inside I probably would
not have liked it on my own I probably
wouldn't have gotten to the end on my
own because most of the game is very
just simple platforming puzzle kind of
things
[Music]
well game when I talk about I'm talking
about inside talking about inside and
it's most of the game is really boring
and quite bland I get I get the art
direction is uh is something people
really like but I thought it was rather
a boring game
daily fridge
he might have had to go to the car or he
could be in stock sure I'm gonna take a
chance sure I probably think I'm a 45
percent chances right here yeah oh good
you're anyone who's working on the car
right now is is saying to the stuff
where's Jason he's that's why he's not
that doing anything over here oh hello
what's this guy's repair like no oh
pretty good
[Music]
[Music]
nice
died in here though
[Music]
that's all right
[Music]
it won't hippie Oh
let's see here IDO kaneto says hey guys
happy Halloween
love your WWE stream with Josh would you
ever stream a new sports game just for
the hell of it whenever you guys compete
against each other it proves good you
watch Tony with a baseball bat lady oh
come on
crap teammate yeah
hey you you participated you called the
usual you had the you had the fuse
committee and even participated did it
commit sin Jason did not have a very
long stun time after I kicked free no
but I thought I had time to grab my ax
yeah yeah at Okinawa kaneto to answer
your question rich and I don't generally
play sports games yeah not really what
are they asking if we play in a new
sports game yeah yeah so you know every
once in a while I like the wrestling
game was neat because we could make our
characters and make them Restless that's
not a sport that's not a sport sport
enough it's a fuckin performance art
[Laughter]
yeah I mean I don't disagree it
simulates the sport
if the two competitors know who's going
to win and how they're going to win
ahead of time it's not a sport it's what
it what it is is a stunning acrobatic
routine yes gymnastics is not
necessarily you know a sport between the
gymnast and the floor
don't play the new wolf game okay it's a
health hazard in the order of 1886
magnitude is it just called wolf is it
is it called won't lie I haven't even
heard of this game or wolf game or new
wolf game is it called old wolf game
oh it's the other exam lady you're
doomed it's the other exit you're doomed
lady you chose poorly
Oh Wolfenstein Tim the new Colossus
you're talking about Oh get around to
that sooner or later yeah we'll probably
play that probably play that sooner or
later we played that before I play the
first one a bit it's alright it's a
little too many cutscenes for my taste
but the you know good violence good
simulated violence five hours of
cutscenes and six hours long why would
they do that after Doom was such a big
hit it's not doom rich it's not zone but
the same fucking people did the same
people work on it as the question
probably not right
it's not true at all all right literally
talking out of his ass about the five
hour plays mm oh okay I don't I don't I
don't hate cutscenes like Jack does it's
true it's true
I see how constant it is though like
overall like I liked you know the bit a
little bit I play to the first
Wolfenstein game or not not the first
obviously the first new Wolfenstein it
was I had the new order you know I liked
all the gameplay sections that was fun I
just you know thought the cutscenes got
a little unbearable and the some of the
shooting sections got slightly
monotonous not the work but no like
above average shooter no doom but what
is right just doom is doom
scruffy the dog I can't take full credit
for this costume the chat inspired me I
started off dressed like mr. blinken
that's true that's true and that felt
lazy and I felt bad about it but I
couldn't find anything else better at
the last minute we're gonna leave the
Portuguese rule okay and we're gonna
find a different room yay
I mean I'm gonna give it a chance cuz I
liked I liked a little bit of the the
new order that I played so I'm gonna
give it gonna give it a fair chance that
Wolfenstein
yeah but spank and Steve rotten people
tend to show up in chat no matter what
we play so it just doesn't matter
counselor Fox you are you definitely
have counselor Fox chosen are you
enriched cozy in your costumes actually
yeah I feel really good just got sheet
on me meeting on that bad me too no it's
it's rubbing up against my nose a little
bit and my peripheral vision is kind of
suck I'd only to have your face covered
the whole stream though right you know
it's not like if I don't move it's
actually floating above my nose because
it's it's on my hat like my hat is
what's holding it up the annoying part
is just that I can only see out of the
little eyeholes so but overall like I'm
very cozy I like I'm actually like I'm
bundled up a little bit but you can't
see my arms and so I like that ya know
it's fuckin I jump through a window and
everything just got fucked yep
good AMD graphics yeah yo you got that a
disease that let's see here
Quinn you know again Quinn oh oh Teta
Quan Quinn no Ted akan says you
shouldn't culturally-appropriate ghost
culture for Halloween what what is this
ghost culture how do you how do you know
anything about ghosts in German and
first of all you should know that I'm
actually 20% ghost wait a minute wait a
minute wait a minute yeah all right
you need a people need to have souls for
goes to exists right we are you die you
become a ghost Fira theoretically a
ghost is is your soul right so in
reality we are all actually ghosts or
part of ghosts exist that aren't we are
the ghosts animating the frame jack
so we are all a part of ghost culture oh
there is nothing to appropriate my
friends very very it is our culture
speaking truth he's spittin harsh truth
yep oh no I have no idea what I'm doing
there here Jason find them if all of us
are ghosts in a meat machine absolutely
we are ghosts running around in this
meat machine we call a body how do I
know you've been powers what is the
power button or the one of the the
shoulder buttons Oh God
right shoulder button right shoulder
button right shoulder button B oh my god
I so don't remember this this is bad
this is bad loss to all your muscle
memory I did yeah I'm playing shadow of
mordor like a week or so ago and and
left button is the the special vision
uh-huh I don't remember what run is this
is unmitigated disaster
there is no ghost folks the meat machine
is all there is man you know that's
possible that's what I believe I'm just
making the argument no and you're
absolutely right like no matter what a
ghost is it is you know it's us so we
are all ghost culture motherfucker I'm
suing this Jason's vision is porn you
know I don't know if I've ever seen like
a really inappropriate costume like back
in the day you know before before the
children I'd go to Halloween costumes
and well he's only got three traps yeah
he's only go you're out of traps all
right yeah I didn't know and like you
know appropriate you know who that's
that's a fluctuating definition but
often I would see people with like
trihard controversial costumes you know
the the guy dressed up as a priest who
has like the the baby doll stuck to his
crotch and you know I got I get it
there's there's a lot of trihard
controversial costumes
[Music]
that's a nice use of the shotgun
[Music]
[Applause]
nice okay let's go dude mano-a-mano
meeting you right here really right here
bitch by Joey Votto
let's go to die make them suffer like in
my pocket yep nice fucking try dude
let's go route load lemme grab I said
let me grab my shit pullin check the car
ready get ready dude like oh oh yeah
they're in it they're in it he was doing
he was trying to do this with it yeah I
know he did his job the one counselor
was was doing his best to distract Jason
while his friends got away avatar
your Maps ready I know okay just like
stuck on so many rides
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
are there car executions not that I know
of unless they added them not that I
know of either you can pull the driver
out of the car but that's too bad
yeah britches getting back into the flow
he's getting there
Rich's ahead of everyone he's not the
mood Bridge is not in the mood for that
voodoo mama
gonzo says thanks for having a spooky
stream even though I'm working and can't
give it my full attention since you guys
are playing Friday the 13th but you
should play as the sexy biker lady oh
heck yeah
she's a fun character model a fun
character model nice you've added a
you've added a your mother's a bitch to
hack bot I think that's very appropriate
remembers a bitch
nope nice wagon I've pocketknife he's
that that really without that your
mother's a bitch I don't know if we
would have had as much fun with it
no but luckily we got your mother's a
bitch
why isn't he shooting rich with the gun
because he was hoping it yeah he was
hoping rich would grab him so that he
could use his pocket knife so he could
save his gun for later but it didn't
help him did it nope nope it did not oh
[Music]
that's too bad
hey again there how many I mean five out
of eight all right 500 I think then they
get on the card and some people just
leave I doesn't it count only one
escaped - escaped at that there were two
people in the car
[Laughter]
dead by doorframe ah I noticed a couple
people just left oh don't you get I
don't know don't you get smash oh yeah I
don't know one says oh it's over that's
when you split only one says escape
split split split right I'm out here I'm
splitting but no that's how you killed
that lady oh you get to choose them out
I don't know which one I want man the
Jarvis house can't do the Jarvis house
just from the clips I saw in the video
Cathy skirts actually looked like a
decent movie for what it was did it
really deserve to be on best of the
worst yes
it wasn't a decent movie it was a weird
low-budget B horror movie yeah it wasn't
the worst worst movie we've ever seen
look at this point you might not you'd
be used to seeing things filmed on film
yeah you know we've done a lot of videos
recently a lot of video videos recently
[Laughter]
but
no again I mean it was it's it's a
low-budget B horror movie and it was bad
but not the worst it was more middling
than bad
did you see the plank it's obvious I saw
that they finally were are able to post
the the planket zombie segments from
dock of the Dead
I haven't even realized I saw the
segment when we first did it yeah yeah I
mean of course how many years ago was
that at this point what 2013 or
something right yeah that was ages ago
ages and ages ago but I'm just glad
people got to see if I'm a lot of time
and care was put into those segments and
all of them were cut from the feature
great didn't realize it was so old yeah
that's a that's an old old segment
old old segments most uh most of the
outdoor stuff was shot at my mother's
barn the big red barn in it that's my
mom's barn you can see her tiny ponies
she has ponies and you can see her tiny
ponies in some of the shots so I enjoy
that Shepards Shetland's is that what
they are yeah yeah the horses that stay
ponies okay okay
she's kind of Defense decent strength
estab Fleur guns probably better for an
emergency get away but I gotta grab that
axe man oh yeah like if you find a bat
cuz you also have that stun buff oh it's
true that's true
so even even like a like if you find a
pan or something you know something
that's good stun range I am doomed to
melee I don't know this map at all I
need these fucking windows open open a
bowl open a boy open abble oh there you
got bat I know you want your axe do but
bat has a higher stun chance right yeah
how's everything has a higher stun
chance right
well shit like I mean everything has a
higher stun chance but I think the bat
has a higher base stat than the axe I
would think that's got a really good
stunt chance but breaks easy yeah yeah
axe does more damage right but you're
not gonna produce and kill necessarily
unless that happens you know
Oh more upset about Bladerunner 2049 not
performing well if stranger things
wasn't so popular like you know this is
something of the the box office TV is
the future TV is the future and the box
office doesn't determine whether or not
a movie is good just how well it's
received by a general audience which
means even like when a good movie
performs poorly in the box office all
that means is that studios are less
likely to make more of the same in the
future and unfortunately that means slow
atmospheric sci-fi is not something that
big studios are going to be pushing but
someone like Netflix might which is a
good sign you know weirdo niche markets
are moving to television which I'm okay
with I guess we'll just go for an exit
those Blade Runner niche or what exactly
I haven't seen it so why isn't it doing
well it is neat cult it's it is a slow
atmospheric hard sci-fi like they spend
a lot of time explaining how things work
and why they work and it is moody and
slow and slow slow slow slow
that's the that's the name of the game
here and audiences don't want slow they
want to see the laser guns go pew pew
they want their characters to make
wiseass comments and then the laser guns
to go pew pew again it's not inherently
awful no no sorry if that came out as a
bad thing you know cuz by the way I also
like it when the laser guns go pew pew I
like both Hunchback Jackie yeah I just
thought yesterday just how Blade Runner
2049 yesterday really liked it I'm not
going to get into any spoilers but
definitely worth a watch wait and get
out with the cops not for hiding though
oh that's true he'll see in the house if
he gets his safe
hosier's good I probably should have
done some more food
just staying invisible oh I'm gonna find
other people together that's a good idea
now you got a plan right now you got
yourself one of them plans plan but I am
so completely unfamiliar with this map
it's not funny
the jack just spoiled the Han Solo movie
did you hear the rumor coming out today
about the Han Solo movie what I know
probably not because you don't generally
care about Star Wars no lasers gonna go
pew pew one lasers going pew pew which
you know bull direction no they they
they are reporting that Ron Howard has
reshot almost the entirety of the movie
Wow
doubling its production budget Wow yes
that is the rumor roaming around which
makes complete sense
[Laughter]
yeah battery and gas I guess it's just
not much point right now right you got a
minute and a half but you know well I do
you have a weapon you have a good stun
weapon oh yeah another battery so yeah
they're saying that Ron Howard you know
who came in to fix what apparently Lord
and Miller broke decided that the best
way to fix it was to start over from
scratch I would love to know what Lord
and Miller did you know the rumor with
Lord Miller too funny as they were
turning it into a joke movie because
they're I mean they're they're yeah
they're Joe they're comedic their
comedic writers and they specialize in
poking fun at their own subject matter
like if you've seen any of the the 21
Jump Street movies if you saw the lego
movie they are really good at poking fun
of the movie they are supposed to be
writing in a very clever way so he's
supposedly reshot the they they're
saying here 'i shot most of the movie
yes
[Music]
so Lord Miller were probably trying to
turn the Han Solo movie into a joke and
rumor has it they were hiding the
dailies from the studio execs really yes
they were hiding dailies oh and they
were refusing to shoot extra coverage
and so studio execs would be like hey I
may be gonna shoot this a little bit
different way we can you know see how
both work in the Edit and they go oh
yeah yeah sure sure we'll do that and
then just straight-up refused to shoot
anything that wasn't their script huh
which yeah good on Lord Miller
sure they had a vision they were hired
to complete their vision and then fires
because of the rhythm it probably would
have been great if they felt they had to
hide footage yes absolutely so I so want
to know what they did right right what
what what is is there a way that we can
see that outcome eventually no the Lord
knows I bury it of course they're gonna
bear it of course they're gonna bear it
but I know like yeah you can only wonder
and so like unlike the academic viewing
of Justice League where we know just
Wheaton is getting a writer's credit
uh-huh so we know he at least reshot 30
percent of the moon it'll be obvious
just watching the movie yeah right right
because we know what Zack Snyder's
Justice League would have looked like of
course of course we would but now that
Ron Howard has completely washed over
Lord Miller we won't get that academic
viewing that we'll get with Justice
League but the thing with Lord and
Miller sounds so low is you don't have
that pre there was no Lord Miller
directed like Han Solo versus Luke
Skywalker and we got to see what their
stick was with stars we know we know
whether we're gonna get yeah
Zack Snyder of course anyway isn't Lord
Miller of prereq said R Miller R Miller
is a yes we tried
I don't get how the studio hires
directors with visions they no get out
here the basic of the the chat question
is like why would a studio hire someone
with a unique vision give them the okay
and then take it away they got scared
Disney is not in the market of giving
their directors free rein they have been
very successful finding smaller
directors giving them a task and if that
director stays within the task the
movies do great right like think about
think about fuckin Iron Man Jon Favreau
wasn't making blockbusters before that
right right but he knew how to put
together a movie and he knew how to put
together a movie cheaply when I was
early on I wonder if he had the
directors had a bit more sway than no
well you know word around the block is
that Iron Man's would set the tone Iron
Man what what who's the the villain in
Iron Man what's his name Jeff Bridges
Jeff Bridges Jeff Bridges in a recent
interview said that Iron Man he started
considering to be a big studio college
art film because they were writing the
script day of shoot they were figuring
out the script as they were shooting
doesn't even it didn't disney didn't own
marvel for Iron Man 1 no no really yeah
are you shitting me no
[Music]
Wow Wow
right and so like are you sure a fairly
positive Disney's Disney Bop Marvel just
before Avengers came out says Geno suave
in the chat
okay so Marvel's set up all the pieces
then Disney said might now mine now
so that Marvel was like I'll take your
billion dollars yeah of course that's it
would you like anything else cuz we have
all these other things we could sell you
too Lord Disney so that means the
decision to hire Jon Favreau and who do
who did Captain America First Avenger
what was his name do you remember this
guy did The Rocketeer yeah I know it
when I hear it well so like those people
weren't hired by Disney but you know day
like Disney nude like Joss Whedon again
not Johnston Doge on stick nice Joss
Whedon not a blockbuster director
but was a director who knew how to
handle it shit who else we got in
league's here I gotta get out of here
now
sheep black or what's her ethnicity
dark-skinned I'm an I'm dark skinned
oh they say she's from the third movie
okay so black is what they're saying
brick Jaeger we'll get into that that's
our next review so I will get into all
sorts of Mario talk another time rich
hasn't played it yet so I don't want to
get too much into it now cuz you know it
shows a lot in this plate yeah so in any
case Marvel likes to have control over
their directors they like directors who
know how to handle their shit and are
okay voicing their voice within Mark
Disney's guidelines right for all the
cool shit that I'm looking forward to
with black panther because that's the
director that did Creed you know it's
going to be a standard Marvel movie but
hopefully he can bring some sort of
voice to it but this is very reminiscent
of when they fired Edgar Wright from
ant-man yeah ant-man wanted to do some
water'd oh shit and they said hey this
isn't where you go to do weird oh shit
exactly this is where you go to follow
the formula we have a formula and if you
want to do some weirdo shit as long as
it's within the formula we're okay with
that look at James Gunn he can do his
weirdo shit within the formula he was
fortunate enough to have his characters
in space yeah yeah a little more leeway
a little more leeway there but if you
can play ball with the Disney you can
you can make a little name for yourself
yeah I don't I don't think you can take
a look at guardians of the galaxy and
say that Marvel gives their directors
absolutely no leeway oh no yeah and I'm
specifically not saying absolutely no
way that leeway as long as it fits
within their formula you know you
scribble outside the line a little bit
Marvel is gonna be okay with that Disney
is gonna be okay with that
so it'll be that's right and it's like
what tt is is getting a ton of free
reign with the Thor movie he's that
which looks to be you know again this
face movie a space weirdo movie but he
looks like he's gonna have a lot of fun
with that movie he was shown a picture
of guardians of the galaxy and they said
do this no no he's doing his own thing
he's doing his own thing I'm excited for
Thor tyka quality director person chef I
don't know that I would say I am tired
of superheroes but yeah
I'm not I'm not excited just because
it's a superhero film sure
well that's the thing vanilla is is like
the Thor movie the Doctor Strange movie
the guardians of the galaxy movies all
have very interesting visuals but follow
the formula and that's the important
part you got to follow the formula
though you know the formula that makes
billions of dollars oh wait there's a
fuse up there
alright so the fuse is gotta be trap to
fuck right yep you got a pocket knife
and a health spray button that's not
gonna help you too much I'm gonna head
over the boat I'm gonna put this in the
boat okay cuz I'm a greedy prick do it
no do it you mean you're greedy picked
prick who's alive I get you people buy
the car they working on the car maybe
I'm gonna go to the car unless they have
no I'm gonna assume they have gas buy
the car they do okay great so this is
going to the boat and I have my
conscious is free
[Laughter]
[Music]
whoever's who's saying that Chuck Fox
says whoever is doing the character
models in this game doesn't really knows
how to rig a great ass what was rich
talking about with the running animation
for The Witcher 3 is whatever you're
looking at the most it needs to be
rigged correctly yeah yeah and you put
you put a lady in those pants you know
where people are gonna be looking to do
it with the mouse yep great ass rigging
absolutely I want to know if you were if
you go more into your thoughts on blade
runner's since you said it was fantastic
on Twitter I'm not gonna get too into it
at the moment cuz rich hasn't seen it
yet and we're still in oh it's not
trapped
no they just died oh shit
so no I'm not gonna get too much into it
I I really enjoyed it
I thought it was a wonderful example of
storytelling through cinematography
which as you guys know is something I
really enjoy a lot of set design that
mirrors characters and a lot of scenes
that mirror character arcs it's it's
gorgeous and beautiful and the sound is
amazing and Ryan Gosling did a great job
and keep running and and and nothing but
positives for me it was slightly too
long could have cut could have cut 10
minutes and it would be perfect as it
stands it's just nearly perfect
so I'm like it
this character has quite a shapely
buttocks yes very nice they haven't done
any Oh Jason must be around the car
that's what he's doing I think over and
kill miss two people by the Shack one
person by the shack I know we're chasing
this oh sure sure
car might actually be a decent way to
get out if he's distracted if everything
is over there what's over there didn't
know Thor wasn't out it yeah Thor comes
on this weekend in the US for us so we
haven't seen it yet but I'm excited to
see it Blade Runner has made 200 million
plus worldwide with a production budget
estimated around a hundred and fifty
million and you guys know how the math
usually works you have to double that
for advertising so the estimated total
budget is 300 million and it's only made
200 million
it'll it'll probably make its money back
when it comes to video on demand and
blu-ray sales and all that fun jazz but
not necessarily a hint
you know the master normally I don't
enjoy jared leto but I think he was
correct for his role in this and did a
good job it's it's hard for me to find a
flaw I'm still I'm still in the
honeymoon phase though you ever see a
movie that you like and you're in your
honeymoon phase and you just want to
gloat oh I go over it and just Oh
everything was so wonderful beautiful oh
the theming know the set you know so
like it's hard for me to find a flaw
besides the runtime but I thought he was
very I thought Leto was very appropriate
for the role the only issue with his
casting on that role is I felt that
character needed to look older and Jared
Leto even though he is not he's not
young but he's not old you know and he
looks kind of young I'm glowing I'm
glowing all over right now yeah I just
saw it yesterday and really enjoyed it
so I have a bit of afterglow I'm
cuddling with Blade Runner 2049 at the
moment
[Laughter]
all right that person's gonna give me a
while I need to be on my own either
following me come on dude we got a
minute you got a minute to kill I just
want to hang on under a streetlight and
be invisible
yeah that's all I want yep visible under
a streetlight that's how we get out
why are you invisible under a
streetlight your fears low oh okay that
makes you harder to see in Jason's
special vision no show Tommy Jarvis is
choosing a side here let's see if he
chooses correctly well he's got a coin
flip here he group up between and you go
as a group yep Tommy does not know what
the fuck he's doing he should have hung
out around me
unless he's lucky
unless he's lucky let's see let's see
what happens seven seconds
two seconds and OH Snake Eyes Futaba
yeah I'm gonna wait from anyway because
it's smarter to be together right now
yep I've got a pocket knife and I'm
waiting for my distraction to show up I
don't think he had any weapons the idiot
I don't that's great why would tommy
escape this the only job is that well
he's a bad Tommy oh yeah I think he's
waiting for you to do something nice
stamina okay I'm just gonna spread those
idiot
save your stamina save it did you guys
ever see that movie Lars and the real
girl with Wayne Gosling must have been
perfect for preparing him for a
brilliant runner I didn't see that as
cute you know indeed like character dark
comedy thing you ever see that Lars and
the real girls yeah Ryan Gosling plays a
guy who orders like one of those like
real-life doll mail-order bride things
and treats it like a real person oh my
god that was an accident I meant to duck
[Applause]
you can do it you can do it oh no I have
the kids bye-bye nice rich nicely done
it got your mojo back motherfucker a car
escape would have been more fun but sure
sure didn't seem like any of them had
the key
[Music]
why did he why did he waste his man -
this is the only way to catch one of us
yeah and if rich didn't have a pocket
knife that was actually a good out of
morph and grab yeah that's always a
gamble when you write when you pop out
of more if you hit the grab button just
kind of hoping it's just prepared for it
yeah yeah pocket knives