Episode 889
Friday the 31st (part 2)
November 4, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mlFKpGEpAjo
___________________________________________

you hit the grab button just kind of
hoping it's just prepared for it yeah
yeah
pocket knife is the most important thing
for a police escape oh look at this look
at this back it up to victory baby it's
interesting
yeah and he's on the main road there's
ooh there's he's if he's a decent driver
he can make it you're gonna have to Juke
man
nobody's gonna play Jason three-point
turn and maybe you can get there before
school down but
and see what happens Jason could get a
lucky teleport teleport right in the
street or you could end up behind a
fence yeah oh look at all yeah Jason
teleported too far away
you can do it you can do it yes
listen if he if it takes him all four
and a half minutes he's getting out oh
go around don't be don't be wuss he's
trying you had this you just gave it up
turn around he uses morph and his shift
do a three-point turn full speed the
other way oh my god
sac head Jason isn't smart yeah but the
drivers not so smart either what that
was was that Jason second Jason was
trying to trick him into thinking that
he left anyway just will ran off the
street and then the guy fell for it and
started driving far for this is this is
like a battle between two broken
battleblock he had the perfect window to
get out and he fucking blew it
he's still probably gonna get out
from his standpoint like he's got
another me now Jason is unlikely to get
him because it's on the main road so
like it's either get out soon or wait
him out the full three minutes right
wait a mile that's more of a draw and a
win
sure oh lucky teleports lucky teleport
look at that no one to blame but
yourself that's true that's true you
gotta take it you got to take the risk
sometimes
oh all he has is a twig come on man come
on man this will be interesting at least
they cancelled house of cards are you
shocked did did you not right you are
you shocked maybe you didn't read them
the newest Entertainment News adding to
our list of creepy creep O's in
Hollywood we can put Kevin Spacey on
that list and the producers of the show
don't want to be in the same boat it
they ended months before he came out
though he came out what as a pedophile
ya know did you read that note yo that
was the weakest fuckin spin I'd ever
heard I really I'm really sorry for all
this also you know like guys totally gay
and just like totally gay but I'm really
sorry for all the stuff I did
did he really think that would make it
okay I think yes he was hoping that
would soften the blow that was a Hail
Mary yeah
yeah he was hoping he was hoping for a
distraction like maybe no one will talk
about my alleged pedophilia if I come
out so maybe did more people come out
what did more people come out other than
just the one there's a there's a bunch
of stories okay there's a bunch of
stories roaming around the internet I
don't know if like if another like
specific person has it oh yeah me too
with with Kevin Spacey but uh there's a
bunch of stories of people who have
worked on set with him and had to be
counseled before they got on set to be
like here's the thing if you are a young
attractive man you cannot be alone with
Kevin Spacey it is okay to be gay yes it
is not okay to assault a minor or anyone
but I mean you know I'm not sure a minor
oh yeah yeah that counts that counts
how does coming out soften the blow like
I said I think he was hoping it would be
a distraction like people like Oh Kevin
Spacey came out like and not talked
about the other thing which of course is
what everyone wants to talk about how
minor was he what did he say he was 14
yeah 14 when Kevin Spacey tried to jump
in bed with him space he was 26 at the
time ye super creeps man if you cannot
separate the the art from the artist
yeah it's soon going to become
impossible to watch any Hollywood movie
it's good it's getting harder and harder
man it's getting harder and harder you
know and it like to me it all depends on
context you know like what what the art
is about you know I can I can watch I
can watch The Naked Gun movies and not
be bothered that OJ Simpson killed
someone right yeah it's a little bit
different the the movie that Woody Allen
is currently working on is about Woody
Allen falling in love with a very young
girl is she insane yes and so like I
don't think I could watch that and
separate the art from the artist as the
girl he falls in love with in the new
Woody Allen movie also has his adopted
daughter it's her it's her actually it's
her acting debut that's ballsy it is it
is ballsy
well that's the thing where it's like
you know I could probably watch one of
Woody Allen's old comedies and be able
to separate him being a creepy creep oh
but when he makes something specifically
about an older dude and a younger girl
it just brings it all up
yeah starring Selena Gomez Mark Hamill
is not the one that would change
everything it's it's George Lucas if it
came out hypothetically no allegations
are completely hypothetically speaking
if it came out that George Lucas was a
molesting creep oh yeah that's that's
what it's nuts that's what what do you
woody one of the the gymnastics the Star
Wars fans would do to excuse it
you think the oh god yeah you think I
mean I know Star Wars fans are nuts but
do you think they would actually like
find a way to rationalize it yes they
would I mean first gay man to come out
I'm very brave terrible yeah and then
all the Star Wars fans would be like
well well you know actually he had
George Lucas had very little to do with
the original trilogy and you know it's
really you know other directors and
writers is that based off of other stuff
George Wayne you know you're good I
don't we got good it really it really
only got good after Disney bought
exactly that happen like you did your
before he made star rise he wasn't doing
that while making said that you know I
can't watch American Graffiti and like I
used to
jet ship you're an idiot horrible at
that oh well look at look at look at
Tiffany here all right what all right
I'm not she's repairing the battery oh
yes even run she's got the key stay
within eyeshot but yeah yeah that's a
good that's a good vantage still she's
still repair
she getting in she's still okay alright
Jason didn't show up after all that I
don't know what is wrong with us Jason
we may have won the Jason lottery I
don't give two fucks generators still
watch whatever some of these people make
plans to email Gibson etc like I said a
lot of that to me has to do with the
actual subject matter you know I could
probably watch Lethal Weapon and not be
not be weirded out by Mel Gibson I could
probably watch old Mad Max but Mel give
if Mel Gibson makes a movie about
getting drunk and yelling at people it's
probably gonna not sit right fur for
someone makes a movie a movie where he
plays a Nazi you know might not be the
best choice if he makes a movie where
he's a sympathetic Nazi then it's like
come on yeah people are hot what's wrong
with Mel Gibson remember he got drunk
and yelled at a police officer don't
think Tommy's doing anything every night
I don't think Jason is doing anything
hehe yelled racial slurs at a police
officer is what Mel Gibson did that was
a while ago
all right this person has the key Oh
Lucky Strikes did I miss your tip sorry
I didn't think I did I thought I was
caught up core crack it down brain
hold on Lucky Strikes I'm looking it
might have slipped between the eye holes
you know what I'm saying oh she's
heading towards cars she's got the key
we're having a car party
oh well and that's the thing you know
like it's all it's all difference like
it's it's I don't even want to say
double standards but it's surprising
what people care about like like
remember when Johnny Depp beat the shit
out of his wife and then like started
calling his wife a whore or after she
left him for beating the shit out of her
he's still making movies people still
like Johnny Depp looked like you were
saying in chat Mel Gibson has a history
of abuse towards women but no one cared
until he sorry
I'll fix that for the half-hour we're
streaming
one thing
oh we said that for the cameras after
the game we're playing I'm chatty
which is true I don't think you fair we
fix it but now fixed it I think one of
these people
I don't think Jason is actually planning
is that a thing that can happen yeah you
just put the controller down and take a
nap very possible gay please his holy
shit surprised howling streamed thanks
for this I've been sick the past several
days so this makes staying in not seem
so terrible rich yes you lost some
weight you look great yeah I'm getting
ahead of that whole weight issue yeah
what is going on who's driving and
whoever said that I I forgot the name of
who said I missed our Lucky Strikes I
don't see a tip from Lucky Strikes I
don't think it went through I'm shutting
down our alerter and starting it back up
again to make sure but I do not see a
tip from Lucky Strikes so I'm sorry but
I don't I just don't see it
it was for me fiery dog poop oh okay
yeah I see fiery dog poop says i just
opened the stream and spat out my drink
this is too spooky for me also will
there be a spoiler discussion of
stranger things - episode 7 tonight
having different opinions from the chat
is the scariest
not tonight but we will do that
eventually we will have a big ol
stranger things discussion by II I just
leaving everyone fuck it I'm done I'm
done you just leave it why should those
people play musical cars and I'm done
great in the four-seater no no 11 in the
four seater sorry for missing that
earlier fiery dog poop favorite Coen
Brothers movie off the top of my head -
hudsucker proxy oh oh that's great
that's great
you could have Halloween costumes look
at that
hudsucker proxy is fantastic barton fink
I feel doesn't get it's a it's due
Barton Fink is is great John Turturro
it should be a leading man all the time
Oh two bucks for the skeleton pack oh
it's cosmetic it's a it's a great outfit
they didn't edit Evil Dead they were the
assistant editors for Evil Dead that's
actually what started their relationship
with Sam Raimi they've worked with Sam
Raimi throughout the years
oh no the illusion it's gone
rich favorite Coen Brothers great oh
that's another fine one
I might take I might take the Big
Lebowski over that I seen you
oh shit that knocked my eyes out of
oh brother where art thou is great
Fargo's great like there's a lot they
make good movies a lot of the times not
all the times but a lot of the times
they make good movies they also make
some bad movies sometimes I'll be doing
I don't know
he's having a clusterfuck you know what
it's a good thing you love it yeah ok
but they're just having a weirdo party I
gotta come back is Tommy one of them
needs to diapers right or leave
I don't think these survivors around I
think Jason is not trying I'm gonna go
ahead and agree with rich that Jason is
unless they're going for a kill I read
they're gonna add another way to kill
Jason oh yeah I I don't know that that's
a turd I like her there's something I I
heard there is no credibility Jewison
makes these seeking confirmation chat
what do you think
and you're right there you spawn right
there Oh Tommy starts with a pocketknife
now hi and to help spray interesting
damn now you got to run all the way
there in the rain
you got Jarvis you know what what you're
gonna get out in the car
it made me wait let's see here
my name is Tate let's get caught up in
tips my name is Tate says so rich
does this make our Thanksgiving Day
stream more likely or less likely the
annual one is what I'm asking about the
annual Thanksgiving Day stream it was
never an annual stream is it happening
and is the annual Thanksgiving Day
stream happening I think I decided to do
that like shortly before I did it that
one time I did it like two years ago
uh-huh
so is it happening no okay great
probably not unless you decide to do it
the day before
let's see here
this time it's loop who says hey guys
rich I love your Harry Potter costume
nice invisibility cloak here's some
money to put towards some of those I was
going from Bilbo Baggins with one ring
he didn't have a cloak though that was
the ring right but that made him all
understand alright alright in the Harry
Potter ah
Bilbo now it just looks like I'm I'm
streaming alone you
like move something oh shit move the red
thing next to you grab the red thing
next to you and make it dance what red
thing there's a red thing next year on
the table Kevin I cheat on my take the
sheet off your head and grab the thing
on the table next to you and make it
dance there you go there you go
it's gonna get super spooky doo doo doo
doo doo but I'm not due to that it's
gotten spooky oh shit are you supposed
to be expecting that yeah your elbow
punk ass great great so I bought a table
at a thrift store an end table yeah that
Star Trek Discovery review yeah and I
bought an end table and I brought the
end table back and from thrift store and
now Moe if Elmo fell out of it when I
was bringing it into the studio that's
super-creepy free Elmo yeah how long how
long do I make everyone wait you don't
think Jason's gonna find you
no I don't I mean this is great that
he's just hiding right
oh you know a while the whole game what
do you feel like I don't know what I'm
feeling like do you mine is anyone a
good work go to your map again is anyone
else there no did they left the
four-seaters gone already
I mean you could you know look for the
other car parts I think I'm gonna do
just wine hon batteries all the way over
there that's fine that's fine
let's see here where are we this time
it's lupus oh yeah we did that one hairy
nuts money for post Halloween candy on
sale thank you this time it's lupus Len
the Flex in ski says how long till
Hollywood gets smited by God infinity
yeah watch stranger things - what
spoilers it's great
Logan Guardian Spider Man Wonder Woman
maybe Thor listing things you like I
think that's what they're doing you have
all been good here's to Justice League
to break the strange now smote is the
past tense of smite
there got it great
yeah Justice League we've talked about
this where I'm very interested in it
from an academic standpoint to see the
how harsh the footage that Zacks not
versus the footage that Joss Whedon shot
he's on the map no he's not on that I
need to find please the keys show up on
the map
and imagine they would I can only
imagine something doesn't show up on the
map until someone else has picked it up
you found you
is this twitch plays Friday the 13th is
like a chat somewhere playing as Jason
oh my god they do write down the camera
setting so I'm sure visually they look
identical
yeah let's see here never wealthy always
rich says hey Jack did you get to bang
Kyra they are talking about the sexy
witch from The Witcher 3 actually I've
I've taken a little break from Witcher 3
in order to play Super Mario just not
outside of Jason bang on my bud it's
just not time sure
I started playing Super Mario Odyssey
and I have stopped playing with you're
free but I'm almost done with Super
Mario Odyssey and so I think I'll go
back to Witcher 3 for a little bit so I
haven't had a chance to bang anyone I
still I still haven't really met anyone
nope nope nope nope nope
oh my god that Jason sucks
you can't see it but I'm play with your
a play more with your in stream now that
I know that I'm into it a bit I'll play
more though that I'm scream like that
oh they nerve to the grabs me now that's
a question miss I'm a statement no they
said they did nerf the grabs to be fair
to be fair
Jason grabs slower is what they're
saying
let's see here anonymous says would it
be fair to call you and rich the Wario
and Waluigi of our element
no that would make us the bad guys some
people might feel that way about it no I
guess that's true no active 1x0 says hey
guys love previously recorded and the
rest of our LM your hilarious videos
always managed to brighten my day happy
Halloween
you frauds thanks for watching how are
you enjoying it good string how head
dialogue heavy the game is I assume
they're talking witcher 3
talk about where does that make sense
I'm not super into the story one they
kind of just drop you into this story
and assume you know a lot for example
the very first mission I was looking for
this girl named Jennifer and I clearly
had a past with the ennifer and she
meant something very important to Geralt
and I didn't know who she was and I
didn't care about her and I'm kind of
still playing catch-up with the story
some of the cutscenes are good some I
don't care about I've been watching them
though to try to give the game a fair
shake there's some interesting stuff
what Maddox medics that's the name of a
personality on the Internet's ok it's
probably not the actual person from the
internet
Oh what are they doing the imminence the
best page in the universe the best page
in the universe ok this is a way that
you've recently got a YouTube channel to
four years ago or something this is a
this is a youtube program that you watch
not awhile a situate readings page okay
I stopped when he like almost never
updated it okay
yeah I know that's actually Maddox dude
I saw the name sure sure Anoka mixing
again convictions a Friday the 13th
stalker oh yeah in Chad as far as
witcher 3 is concerned I know the entire
series is based off of a very large back
catalogue of popular fantasy books but
you know as far as like am i watching
the cutscenes in The Witcher I am but I
just don't understand a lot of it so
that is all but I think the monsters and
the combat makes up for a lot of that
really Roach makes up for a lot of it
that dumb horse I love that stupid horse
runs into shit all the time never comes
exactly where you call him to kick si
off he's afraid of monsters I love that
dumb horse Maddox is old shit I'm old -
you're old shit the fuck does that
matter
see here my name is Tate says Jack did
you make one of your kids go out as
Charlie Brown ghosts just so you know
which one is your favorite no they did
their own costumes this year are they
dumb like super dumb I think so but you
know they seem to have a good time
you what do they do huh what do they do
do you not want to say it's vinyl is it
don't say don't say well they were like
it is too embarrassing yeah no like it
it was it was a last-minute decision on
their part they were kind of half-ass oh
I hated it but uh you know Lisa and I
still we did a couples costume instead
of a family costume and we were fancy
ghosts she was also a white sheet ghost
but we put a wig on her outside and like
a big chemical okay I am totally the
Charlie Brown
of red letter media yes oh absolutely
Mika's lying Mika's Lucy - Mike is Lucy
Mike pulls the football away from Rick
Jay is Linus are you Snoopy
yeah I guess Dinko blue I told rich that
that said that project is are the people
behind GOG yeah which is great that's
neat good for them well like if you
watch the the noclip documentary about
you know how they started like they
started as a distribution company the
history of how they started is amazing I
think the fact that they're behind GOG
is supposed to make me run out and go
play Witcher 3 immediately oh sure sure
sure sorry so rich you should play
witcher 3 immediately because these
people like drm free stuff and you like
drm free stuff so you go oh you're gonna
love the witcher 3 of course you're
right
Josh's Schroeder which ones road or a
piano flying 100 yep yep that makes
sense that makes sense no your Franklin
Jack you just got there
I don't know the Peanuts characters that
well I'm gonna be honest with you so
I'll take it if I'm Franklin I'll take
it maybe rerun which one's rerun nobody
knows who rerun is because he didn't
come in at so much later near the end of
the peanuts or at least you know he
wasn't in many of the animated things
sure because he was a later day
character all right
it was a lioness and Lucy's baby brother
oh okay no I wouldn't be lioness Josh
would be lioness oh no way Linus is the
one with the blankie yep he's sensible
though and he likes this weird Great
Pumpkin thing and that's vaguely
analysis to Jay liking weird things
hmm I'm going Jay Linus okay that's Ben
that's fair Mikus Lucy you know because
dark hair oh look oh yeah that's the
only reason let's see here easy-peasy
japanesey says sorry you found my name
to be inappropriate Jack I just read it
in a Japanese textbook and thought it
was funny
anyway happy Halloween you guys know you
gave her something to talk about
but that filled some time that was great
well josh is Schroder if nothing else
because music absolutely if they're you
know if there's a if there's a guitar at
a party josh is probably the one to go
pick it up
well he's Josh josh is the only one who
really knows how to play it so hopefully
he'd be the one to pick it up yeah we're
getting close okay let's see here lend
flex since he says Jack you are the
rom-com expert who's the better female
lead of the early would you get keys
nice
who's the better female lead of the
early aughts Kate Hudson or Reese
Witherspoon talk about the three good
ones e Lohan movie Parent Trap Mean
Girls and Freaky Friday that's bad luck
and a distraction
does the car have the other things I
don't know what has one okay I know I
need him to be chasing somebody else and
not me yeah yeah yeah yeah
I'm with you out of those two I'm going
to choose Reese Witherspoon I think she
was she was in more stuff and I believed
her more as kind of the everyday gal so
I'm gonna go Reese Witherspoon and
really I think I've only seen Mean Girls
as far as that Lindsay Lohan trifecta is
concerned and Mean Girls was a pretty
funny movie that's all I got and that's
all I got yonder yonder says hi Jason
still down here what is the best method
of escape a chickadee monster says Reese
Witherspoon is basic bitch and that's
why she's the better lead for a rom-com
that's exactly what you're looking for
in a female lead to a rom-com someone
who is so basic that your female
audience can can attach themselves to
them maybe slightly engaging but as
basic as they come
you have to hope he's laying oh he's
laying traps about a car
is there any such thing as a good
rom-com of course though Oh battery
Oh is he throwing knives at you
the big sick is a good rom-com I mean if
that's like saying is there such thing
as Oh gasps - fuck that we're just going
that one has gas and battery scattering
but he might
weapon weapon weapon all the way over
there
what I don't care ok great people come
on people come on people come around and
come running get in get in
do this here
where is he
go go go rich you can do it you can do
it
there's a back exit official
I know this doesn't feel great was
driving
oh my god end up in the water
your madman rich this is madness
freelance soon enough this is madness
oh lucky teleport don't scatter you
gotta hit him gotta hit him hit him guys
do you have any key no okay let's see
your yonder yarns yonder says regarding
rich being Charlie Brown
you'll love this okay
just go do it yeah yeah
you already hit T no that's fine I got
it here just in case he's got you oh man
Oh ty he's right there
don't don't go man don't go we got a bat
what's he doing where's it going what's
he doing weakening the other door sure
sure
yeah any of the keys
one day I got two pockets okay great
rich they didn't believe in you
we're scattering because they were
afraid of your power should have stayed
by and started hitting them with battles
for him and we all could have gotten
away and then you would have waited for
them that's great that's great you did
it man
you did it rich for president of driving
I'd vote for that you got my vote
that's great fuck'em is always the best
part of the dance is pizza train no I
can't they call the cops
oh she dressed like like was that snow
white or Sleeping Beauty or something
mm-hmm yeah it's like you're like a
princess a princess outfit that's funny
that's cute
yeah there's currently no Jarvis here I
could get Jarvis you good by the way
that's like just a rule of thumb for
everyone if there is a fully functioning
car and someone heading towards it and
you have a weapon help them out teamwork
teamwork teamwork teamwork I was
figuring that Jason would pull me out of
the window I would use my pocketknife
and by then they would run over and we
could help but we'd have a fighting
chance but they weren't anywhere near
they weren't anywhere near me and Jason
failed to grab me so fuck it yep they
were running away they weren't helping
at all no someone else get down on their
own yeah haha bye guys oh that's great
and here's all the costumes Oh generic
superhero karate
oh god that karate that's straight out
of karate kids you know and of course
chad is wearing it I like it yep not
Wonder Woman I love that one naughty
devil no devil Andre the Giant yeah
oh hey sorry I forgot you have no arms
you have hands hands loading head right
and occasionally part of a neck karate
guy funny
army guy certainly not Rambo certainly
not Karate Kid bad guy yep
that's great
ie by head it's only $2.00 hey hey let's
see here
and cephalo pathetic says in the last
best of the worst I saw a tape with the
Bohemian Club owl what in the last bus
or CD in club sautee with the Bohemian
Club owl
fun fact my father is a member
another fun fact so is a man named
Richard Evans what are you hiding which
I don't know what a Bohemians owl what
is a Bohemian Club owl
Oh Thank You Gina suave we gave us a
link to Bohemian Club Dodgers three
Astros one good I'm rooting for Game
seven so good
a Bohemian Club is a private club with
two locations a city clubhouse in Union
Square district of San Francisco
California and the Bohemian Grove they
retreat north of the city in that's a
conspiracy theory esque thing oh it
doesn't really exist and they do just
some weird shit there though there's
been footage oh sure but it's like is it
like an Illuminati thing uh uh the the
elites the political elites okay rich
elite go there it's a club and they do
bizarre ritualistic stuff for fun okay
great it's like a millionaire's toga
party
I'm millionaires toga party that's
that's kind of exactly what it is okay
was that what was the one in the
Simpsons the Stonecutters Homer wants to
be a stonecutter something I don't think
this is exactly like that's more like
Mason Masonic Freemason rich there's too
many conspiracies I can't keep up
Illuminati yeah that's some different
there's too many there's too many
organizations were rich people median
Grove would be like the weird religious
ritualistic place that the Illuminati
hangs out at oh okay I go I'm with you I
get it now
laughs map has Richa Singh the ExComm
exercise restraint video what is this
that's all the information I have no
okay that is all the information the
Valen don't blow things up thing they
turn into a song that's so easy much
thing okay
what one of the characters gives you the
in the first game gives you the worst
advice okay be careful about using
explosives it'll damage the artifacts
we're trying to recover
okay the German scientist woman yeah and
it's the dumbest fucking advice cuz you
stay alive in that early part of that
game by using grenades is the game
giving you terrible advice and it's kind
of become a joke Oh
of course he made it
Jason's commits Ian mix Ian couldn't
catch a cold in this game you just made
comics Ian quit oh no feel bad and quit
oh no dad the joke can make a mixie and
cheese it's just a joke hashtag come
comic see and shaming we we can probably
call that if you want to call that
alright we can probably call it we can
probably call it broke mix Ian's heart
yes you did just want to play the fun
game with the killer man joke
remember that time commits Ian made sure
he told you where the fuse was and you
ended up using that fuse and escaped and
you didn't escape what your teammates
did remember that rich yeah yes that was
good that was good that was good this
guy I know I'm a jerk huge jerk yeah
you're rich come out as gay that's great
that's great rich he'll turn confirmed
absolutely absolutely no chart is riches
Steve named yeah like rich hard Richard
yeah Richard yeah Richard yes that's
that's why it is what it is what
characters would I like to see brought
into the MCU with full creative freedom
to the director well the the book that
I'm reading the most is Miss Marvel is
Kamala Khan Miss Marvel so obviously I
would like to see Miss Marvel come into
the MCU buddy not they're doing fine
they seem to be making good decisions I
wouldn't want to make a bad decision but
I really like Kamala there's there's a
character in the later x-men books that
I always thought would make make for a
good movie character yeah not
necessarily because of her personality
but because of her power do you know who
husk is I've heard the name the husk is
a character who was made by an artist
not a writer yeah because she has the
power to create new skin under her skin
in any form that she wishes okay and so
if she wants to be really strong she'd
create like steel skin but then in order
to reveal it she has to rip off her own
skin
okay and I think visually that would be
very striking yeah so I would I would
like to see husk in a movie because I
want to see people just like I just want
to see people rip off their face
says over and over again so I think that
husk would be a cool character to see in
a movie Jack Ponce I do I want face off
I want face off but with boat with
superheroes someone who I think would
work really well in a movie and I'm
actually surprised that they well I I
guess I'm not surprised cuz he's not a
mainstay you know who would just work
for a standalone movie is long shot
no no long shot the mutant from the
x-men comics who has the power of
changing probability Scarlet Witch no
Scarlet Witch is a little bit different
I don't think of the black cat had that
power you're thinking of Domino black
cat had that power which ones black cat
spider-man villain okay she had she had
the power to they gave her superpowers
at some point it was to affect
probability really give people bad luck
okay well a few people have this power
but basically what it means is that
longshot Domino black hat whoever has
this power is just really damn lucky
okay and so kind of the opposite of a
black hat she would make other people
unload shooting other oh sure sure well
but in longshots case basically he was
just an action hero but that was his
mutant power is being an action hero you
know
like like he would he would find
something really useful in a fight and
he would fall from really far and
happened to land just the right way or
we'll see I think that's why he would
work really well is because he's just an
action hero he's just really damn lucky
so I think it would work really well
yeah long shot the one with the mullet
right he'd have to ditch the mullet
but I'd like to see that I was what can
mix you know somebody is in contact with
him that it was just a joke I did not
mean anything mean by that
these people all the time huh it's these
people all the time including you Jack
you do but fucking idiot to be fair you
know me so yeah no rich made a joke get
mixing and I'll be fine
you just wanted to play a game it's
gonna be fine all right I'm yeah I am
also sure that committee knows that it
was just a joke commits Ian has often
had a sense of humor about how bad he is
at Friday the 13th
so it's okay mm-hmm last tip here desk
raven 88 says apple toast bed heated fur
blanket rat okay Apple toast thing
heated wrap yep you got it you got it
all right great oh that's right I need
to do this now is the point in the
stream in which we thank all of the
people who have subscribed to us during
this very stream much like catarrhal all
to lyon wait it is it's guitar oh it's
like a some kind of Shakespeare it's a
spin on control-alt-delete catarrhal alt
delete' nice Imams at nice emails yeah
yeah nice SEMA crusher of cities who
said I'm so excited for dr to see what's
dr to see death road to Canada
Oh have you played it before don't we
haven't it's all right it wasn't great
it's cute me silly putty
ah beautiful ho Oh God nice name what
this is a nice pun Joe a beautiful ho
says you have been watching TV
or you ever been watching TV and
spontaneously puked all over yourself ha
neither have I all right okay ham 78 god
what I don't know I just grow body oh my
god oh my god you were burned my god
from the ether that was weird
that was weird captain super Ranger is
Joe Flacco elite says happy Halloween
gents
hope Jack recovered from his post best
of the worst hangover I have something I
can't talk about yet but I have and and
a half I feel I feel all right now space
bendito laser beard one frozen ziggurats
says Happy Halloween dance 85 says dear
head and hat ghosts love your stream
keep up the great work
blah blah yadda Sam you heard a million
times before happy Halloween thanks for
coming online and delaying my watching
Halloween on Netflix plans you fucks
thank you
Woodlands one who says I get so few
trick-or-treaters why are 80% of them
20-somethings in hoodies raisins man
give out raisins yes people because
parents are overprotective of their
children now and and there there's a
little bit of their childhood yeah
children can't go out and trick-or-treat
you have to wait until you're 20 before
you can go out in your own to
trick-or-treat you know as long as
they're wearing costumes fucking give
them candy but if they just have a
hoodie on and like a backpack that they
open for candy then raisins raisins man
mr. Plunkett Lincoln Junior
says five too many mm M V con volson's
mega paw sol calm who says two months in
counting vice versa man for 13 months in
a row says all I wanted for my spooky 13
months was some head thanks for
delivering this new subscriber for 18
months in a row says here's to the
finest crew in Starfleet
we're saluting nobody ah incandescent
cactus packs of prime Ezekiel jeans who
says witness me we do Ezekiel we witness
I see that thing witness Sid flip Master
Yoda pals probably hauls variety pack
for 29 fucking months in a row who says
on this the most spooky day of the year
I say may your ghosts remain ghoulish
your skeletons spooky your vampires
venomous your jimmies jammed and ear
werewolves I don't know you had them
last king of adventure magical Flying
Tiger freeway system gutter stars for
twenty two fucking months in a row says
spooky about Heidi sure reefer K who
says there are too many video game
genres these days I'll simplify things
games where you can jump and games where
you can't okay
resting Genki gable v or maybe five I
don't know if that's supposed to be a
roman numeral or not for thirteen months
in a row says thank you for the spooky
stream Friday the 13th the streams are
always a blast you know it does make for
a good stream yeah J chem oh oh
Akim Oh J chemo that's a penny for
thirteen months in a row brave cadet the
last hummus that Danno star who says
favori creepy shake favorite creep show
segment creep show Stephen King Moss man
maybe cuz that's weird
okay I don't know if I ever saw creep
show okay
Lord dawn says what were you saying
about wafers in the last stream wafers
when I met a Eucharist and Jeffrey
Dahmer joke the body the body of Christ
every you know he found Jesus in prison
because he liked the body of Christ when
he it was a good joke
that was the joke of a stream right
there that's what I said about it yeah
okay
Derrick hunt swagalicious pipes says I
fucking love Star Wars swagalicious pipe
says that Denzel Washington for 14
months in a row runs above for 13 months
in a row doctors scientists man wicked
Scott the artist says happy Halloween
retching Jack loved you guys in the
Playkids zombie review thank you why you
guys got to see it it's a nose for 13
months in a row active 1x0
I've it cut do you I've tech to you I've
Tec do you know I guess rich gives Jack
AIDS if that's what you want to give us
money for hey you go ahead Lando was
taken for 37 motherfucking months in a
row a Snickers 3d hat over F says our IP
mix in crabby uncle levy branded eighty
contra mundus for twenty six fucking
months a neurosis hey you guys and rich
I'm sorry that in these best of the
worst you have to be the sober rational
one amongst the nonsense drunks that are
Mike and Jack rich has the hardest job
he has to put up with assholes
constantly yep yep it's true every
single time we do one of these and we
start drinking
chance to deal with us that's what the
but you know that's why he's the he's
the heart you're the heart of red letter
media right without you we would just be
a bunch of we wouldn't even be able to
run the cameras we'd be so drunk and
connect see
