Episode 890
Rich's Odyssey (Part 1)
November 6, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9GzoI20sF3E
___________________________________________

purpose my finger was hovering aha
and my my hand you know examiner --vs my
hand my wobble of my my hand it was
enough to push the button in we started
before we might otherwise have liked to
have started stay on target
stay on target how's everyone doing hey
everybody welcome to this dream I used a
new profile to start a new game of
breath of the wild I'm gonna use that to
start a new game of well you can start a
new game just in your own profile how
many can you have a bunch yeah you so
you don't need to switch your profile if
you don't want to so I think you did in
breath of the wild yes and breath of the
wild yeah a whole new profile but here
you don't know went right into the game
well yeah yeah you gotta go to options
yep and then go to load and then new
game yeah they go that's how you do it
it's a little it's a little convoluted
and you know like I like the old system
of just like you know you get three save
files or something like sure can name
your save files that was nice hi
everybody welcome this is fine it's just
it's just hidden how's everyone doing
we're doing great we're doing we're
doing great we got some things to talk
about we were you know what just before
the stream started we were talking I saw
the Thor yeah I saw the Thor this
morning it's a pretty good movie ok it's
you know what it's a really good so you
think it's a really good movie despite
your hatred of Marvel space stuff not
just Marvel space stuff anytime we get
into like gods fighting okay it becomes
too big for me to latch on to do you
hate Superman isn't that basically just
a god fighting um but the
Superman usual the way Superman usually
works at least the stories that I like
in Superman he is uh he's not
necessarily fighting another god he's
like rescuing people
he's fighting normal people but his main
concern is rescuing people this is
literally God's fighting this is you
know Thor versus hella right right and
no spoilers no spoilers for Thor cuz
obviously just came on but I think it's
really good the action is really great I
love the bright and colorful world full
world Jeff Goldblum should be the star
of that movie as far as I'm concerned
the comedic spin that Taika Waititi took
was very nice said the director the
director is okay take Kawhi TT or what
Kiki oh god I'm gonna that sounds like a
soda muse racist Marvel character who
hails from the hills from Africa thank
you what type of ytt he's from New
Zealand he used to be Tony Stark's
manservant but no he's like the movie
starts off with just straight-up jokes
which I like I like the tone it's it's
like the whole thing has a really good
tone because like they say listen this
is about a man with a hammer going you
know through space and fighting big
monsters let's have some fun with it and
I like that but you know as soon as we
get to like big like gods fighting and
like power levels start getting off the
charts I I lose that personal connection
yeah spider
spider-man right right he's a kid he's a
kid who's in over his head and he's just
he's just trying to do what he can ah
that's easy I can grab onto that right
but you know this is this is God's
fighting lava monsters fighting death
itself yeah fighting magicians you know
where it's like but the action is great
a lot like though the movie is really
good but yeah we're starting to get to
that point
we're like infinity war like an are you
out you're out check I need I need I'll
wait until they reel it back in until
they soft reboot the whole thing and now
you know but if this is like how they're
gonna do it with the action I'll be in
for the action but I just don't want
necessarily care about anything but well
yeah what we do in the shadows is a
fantastic movie I still have not seen he
did a movie called boy and a movie
called hunt for the wildered people
which I have not seen but what we do in
the shadows is brilliant so we didn't
see it you started from him like a mini
same yeah this is a new you're starting
just dissolving brand new Andy what
you're hoping what you're seeing what a
no-frills run the it's the things I need
to move on in the story I'm not gonna
not gonna dick around I like it
yeah not worrying about stars not
worrying about everything anything okay
okay just one thing
what kind of by Palmes yes I can okay
on for the will do people's fucking
great I've heard I've heard nothing but
good things about hunt for the world
with people yet I had not have not seen
it I wouldn't call this a speedrun no I
it's my optimized strat for minimum
possible times right a lot of Thor is
really good well we'll get into more
authority we'll give rich chance to give
you guys a chance to see it it's all
it's all very good it's all very good I
recommend I recommend people go see it
even though I don't necessarily you know
care about the characters the action was
really good something that's not a
spoiler because you see it in the
trailer Hulk fights a giant fucking war
like come on that's it what else you
need the Hulk fights a giant wolf it's
all you need it's an end yeah it's great
it's great it's all great and it's funny
and it's funny it was her first mind
rape of the game
I mean Mario is is forcing his mind into
unwilling participants yes yes forcing
them to do things they don't want to do
he's forcing others to put themselves in
bodily harm so he can achieve his goals
yeah this is uh he's mind raping the
Mushroom Kingdom
all kingdoms really
Thor was so good I agree special but
pants Thor was very good it was a very
good movie
Thor's are very good really though it
was part of my my entire weekend it
capped off a weekend of me being off
I've been off all weekend right yeah I
bought tickets to see Thor we decided we
were gonna go like on Friday so you know
yeah I mean the family will go see Thor
and you know I use I got a little app on
the phone buy tickets it's great if buy
your tickets on your phone you even get
to pick out your seats it's super great
right we get to the theater today
and I start scanning my phone to get my
tickets and it's not showing up so I got
it I can't use the automated machine I
gotta talk to a real person like a chump
right don't talk to the real person this
is nice and it's not skin and on my
phone either Oh cuz you bought these
tickets for a different movie theater
not for this movie I was like I'm sorry
well it's alright we have a movie right
around the same time so so far still in
2d you know talk to them they'll refund
whatever I record and then I go to the
concession stand buy a couple of bottles
of water accidentally buy flavored water
not regular bottles of water was that
bad yeah well yeah I asked favorite why
don't you why is it you yeah I I don't I
don't much care for it unless it's
sparkling like regular regular flavored
like okay asshole are you have you ever
had that like propel Fitness water now
it's it just it tastes it tastes like it
tastes like watered-down flavors it's
gross it's super gross but any queso
just slightly off everything's been just
slightly up again I was able to take
care of it just slightly off I am a look
Roy fanboy in fact I have some luck
Roy's chillin right now in the
refrigerator and I can't wait to bust
him open that fucking the love Lacroix
but here's where it all started rich I
had a costume party to go to this
weekend the kids had a thing for their
school who's having a big custom okay
okay
and a Halloween costume party and I
didn't want to wear my ghost costume
anymore uh-huh because it's annoying
overdone
and Oh super overdone no it's annoying
you know really you you don't have a lot
to see in there's not a lot to work with
so it's like okay I'll make myself a new
costume I've had I have all day it was
on Saturday I have all day to make me a
new costume and I said to myself like Oh
what do I got here I have some LED
lights battery powered LED lights but
then you're half in the bag just one up
have fun watching the new half in the
bag we'll probably still be here when
it's when you come back haven't have a
good night that's your real fucks given
now it's yeah it's hard to even be
surprised anymore at this point such as
life such as life in any case so I have
to add some LED lights right that was my
only that was the only thing I had to go
to work with this weekend when it came
to costumes and so I was looking around
my house and I said to myself oh you
know it'd be cool I had these unused
headbands that we were gonna use for the
ghost costumes to keep the ghost costume
you know on our head right I got a
headband I got some LED lights I'll make
a little brain sucker parasite thing
okay like a Metroid I'll make like a
Metroid stick it on the headband and
I'll have like a like a brain sucker on
my head okay and so I went over to
target because they're having like you
know get rid of all of our Halloween
crap sale and I found like this dinosaur
head mask yeah I said oh perfect it's
got teeth it's got scaly skins and it's
$6 because it's on in a 90% off right
right so I'll cut it up and use the
teeth and cut up the face to make it
look like tentacles for my face sucker
mask and then I'll put the LED lights in
a you know like a some sort of ball
thing with a saran wrap and you know put
it all on the headband right yeah
thinking that it would just be so an
easy costume I wouldn't have anything
blocking my eyes and a little brain
sucking parasite it'll be fun I'll spend
all day hot gluing it together and I did
and I made it and it looked all right it
didn't look perfect but it looked all
right little teeth on my head I had some
red felt like - like teeth to go on that
made it look like blood I had little
tentacles
covering up the headband and going over
places and like a big glowy brain thing
right this is not bad yeah a little fun
thing to talk to the other parents about
that the kids school function and then
like an hour before it was time to leave
it disintegrated under its own weight
well that's not good because the the
dinosaur mask the rubber that they used
the glue wasn't sticking to it uh-huh
for some reason I'm from a hot glue gun
it probably sounds better than it was
absolutely yeah it did it didn't look
perfect but the point was it
disintegrated I could not use it it kept
falling apart so then I had one hour to
come up with some sort of clever costume
and I didn't have a lot you know like I
most of my costumes are here and so I
didn't have a lot to work with so what
am I gonna do for a costume I started
rummaging through my closet and through
like
little wardrobe stuff of what am I gonna
do right and I found like a gray suit
like the in a gray suit with like a
white button-up shirt I think I work for
space cop last okay okay okay so guys we
got that to work with I'm running
rummaging through some of like the kids
dress up stuff and I find a a wig like
an old wig that I used when I was
bizarro we went as a yeah Superman and
the super family super family that wife
one is Supergirl and I went as bizarro I
was like okay but wait a minute so I
find my wife's old Supergirl costume and
shisui head she has a nice a Superman
emblem the s emblem like we made we cut
it out of felt looks really nice and
again I got it so put on my bizarre wig
I put on the superhero end emblem and
then put on my gray suit over it but
unbuttoned it a little bit and tucked a
little red fabric in behind my neck in
my suit and I went as Clark Kent I went
as Clark Kent and I made myself a little
Daily Planet press badge and you could
barely see the Superman logo underneath
my white shirt and a little red cape
sticking out that's cute no one got it
until they read the press badge but I
thought it was clever and I was really
clever and the you know it was the only
thing I could make in under an hour or
so right right but I felt pretty good
my friend Justin oh yeah it's no it's a
fun costume as soon as people got it
they were they were super into it and
then you know like some of the kids
would be like I know who you are you're
Superman hunt
I'm just Clark heads oh yeah you're
crazy
and they wouldn't get it but their
parents with each other that's that's
super fun I was pretty happy that's
super fun that kids got it and you went
along with a bit anyway that's amazing
once you once you got your bit rich you
got to stick to your bits stick to your
bits I know listen
it's it's also important that they get
their half in the bags up as quickly as
possible I know I know I don't blame
them for uploading their half in the bag
now that being said would a couple of
hours of gonna it's gonna be fine
kind of years we have three what three
viewers three viewers yeah I say it's a
two down down to four now you know
they're nice they'll turn the sound down
at us don't watch half in a bag in
another tab just to keep the views we
appreciate I have that much faith in our
fans Jack and you know we're not we're
not gonna start the stranger thing
season to talk until we're at least an
hour in and so yeah that watch it now
watch a half of the bag now come on back
for stranger things talk it'll be great
numbers seem pretty much the same yeah
that's because they've muted us nope I'm
just gonna leave yeah that's fine that's
fine do you care well yeah this isn't I
don't consider that a spoiler saying
that the author's had no idea what to do
with 11 I don't think that's a spoiler
unless people didn't know that 11 was in
the new season but they know what to do
with her or they did it with her the
question is is is Jay saying that they
didn't know what to do with her
considered a spoiler no I disagree with
Jays critique but no that I don't think
that is a spoiler right he was getting
some shit online for saying that saying
that it was spoiler territory
unless you were foolish enough to think
that 11 was not going to make an
appearance but she was in the trailer
and she was in the promotional material
like she was giving interviews like
people knew if she was going to be in it
so
so no III spoiler-free ie I thought the
second season was slightly less than the
first season overall but you know pretty
fun pretty well get we'll get into a
whole bunch of stranger things talk
later
maybe not what's now what we want yeah
oh you go and do that I'm gonna I'm
gonna have an odyssey now tomorrow game
it's fine this is a fine game
you know what it is rich it's a fine
game it's not my favorite 3d Mario game
that's a good one though it's like but
that's like right it's like it's still
better than a lot of other games it's
still good it's just so you know I don't
know if I'd call it great but it's good
it's fine it's fine how's the difficulty
well it's insanely difficult just like
every other Mario game is there's
nothing new right it's fairly easy
unless you want to 100% it and then it
probably is harder on your patients than
it is on your thumbs yeah oh sick burned
I just I just came up with that I just
came up with that all right this year I
this this run is gonna prove that this
game is not tedious Jack if you don't
bother to get every single thing you can
you just do what you need to do to move
on okay we're here you keep the pacing
up that's that's what we're here for
rich how how how fast can you do it get
to the top of that tower rich so I'm
gonna do after I change my hat oh yeah
that's stupid captain's head maybe there
were a captain's uniform
now you might get that later I have
noticed in the shops like one thing you
know there's a lot of cosmetics to this
game if you can get 9999 coins you get
the skeleton body and that looks pretty
awesome you know what I like more than
that but I'm old-school
it's the classic Mario outfit where the
suspenders are red and the shirt is blue
oh that's a good one that's a good one
I've played most of the game as Mario
maker Mario oh yeah with the yellow
helmet Jack that's not Mario maker
that's wrecking crew Mario who Mario
maker Mario used oh why whatever it is I
fucking love it I love them in his in
his yellow hardhat and construction
outfit it's great I spent a little bit
of the later game as Luigi that's you
wearing a Luigi shirt you're not moving
no I was fucking Luigi because I like
Luigi better
why isn't Luigi in this game why they
not used Luigi when they easily couldn't
they they just don't care about the
weave you like they used to
I never did we have we were gonna have a
year of Luigi remember like you got a
new game it's a very little fanfare well
I know Luigi that's a great question we
don't know we don't know the answer to
that star on one of these right I do
need to give the bare minimum to get to
the next section well what is the
payment
I thought you're just gonna do bare
minimum I need I need so many stars well
do do this story first and then figure
out then figure out how Elizabeth Lunas
right there that I'm telling you what
the most efficient that's not the most
efficient thing the most efficient are
have fun fine just story just story rich
yes story once you once you start going
on these side path there's no stopping
nice Thanks I gotta say it when I need
to redo you the review I'm enjoying this
more what I'm enjoying this more now
that I'm not spending a lot of time
dicking around yeah yeah the all the
recording equipment and heart and thing
is still here we can do it after after
the stream do an amended end and then
Dammam that's when we can do that we
just we just recorded our review
SuperMario which was positive I know
that's making it sound like it was
negative it was I was I was at 80 not 90
if you want to talk about scores 8 out
of 10 you did the score thing and that
far away I don't know it's just I did
that just - I know you did a whole score
thing and I was like what then I felt
pressure to do score but I didn't I
don't know what a score is
one of those is working now first CD
Projekt RED nice
well thank what good welcome German
brothers glad you got a job for said
that project a little update on my
Witcher 3 run I played a little bit more
yeah now that I'm done with mario
odyssey and i still have not met this
Triss person i was supposed to meet
you're supposed to decide the lady that
you want either Tris or hennifer and I
still have not met Tris and I'm starting
to think that she's some sort of
internet joke Allah removing skeletons
so we will we will see shortly I got to
play another 20 more hours before I meet
her I would not be surprised by now the
big game that's a big big game that with
your three prereqs has Mario galaxy's
for babies no prereq really likes mario
galaxy yeah I really like Mario Galaxy I
think Mario galaxy's a fine game I put
that number two on my list of favorite
3d Mario games the galaxies they're not
fresh enough in my mind for me to be
able to tell you definitively whether or
not I like the galaxy games more than
sunshine
but I'm finding both of those I put
sunshine up are these know what our
would have an story necessary ones I
know I gotta get somewhere from here I
forget where you need to get I need to
give this to activate the bridge so I do
need to do this you need to get disease
sunshine sucks you are incorrect west
coast
why does it why does sunshine sucker
sunshine is the greatest I'm willing to
have a discussion on this why do you
think sunshine sucks West Coast guys
coast here's your chance it's your time
hold on defend your hate I'm gonna click
on it so I only see what you say West
Coast flood flood is a great addition to
what is amazing flood makes the fucking
awkward 3d platforming work flood gives
you so many more options for movement in
a well and a margin of error that you
desperately need in 3d right but also
like just the whole like speed of
movement like spraying water in front of
you so you can slip and slide around
it's great floods great floods a great
addition
you hate flood I need some more
specifics here West Coast
what about flood makes you hate flood
because I'm a huge fan of flood yeah
just from a gameplay perspective flood
is amazing agreed
oh we're gonna get to Episode seven
don't you worry about that
we got I got some things to say about
episode seven what does flood flood is
the the backpack water gun slash water
jet slash hover water nozzle that you
use all throughout Mario Sunshine that's
the gimmick of sunshine as you get this
like you get you get a water spray hose
thingy it's a gimmick that makes the
platforming better and more versatile
and I guess people hate it it's crazy
that's crazy sound it does so many
things and it's great West Coast has
given up his argument beyond I hate
flood all right all right it's a great
argument no and you know what beyond
flood it's it's a fun world vacation
land is great some of some super
memorable levels like you remember you
remember the ghost mansion yeah one
shine that was fantastic
I know I know I've gushed on flood but
the the levels without flood but they
were just meant to be really good
platforming levels that were linear
platforming those were great section the
the areas in which they literally take
flood away from you and you have to you
know navigate yeah platforms platforming
without the aid of flood those but for
this exploration stuff I want flood to
make exploration less of a chore agree
getting around better jumping makes more
sense like 3d where am I looking at my
shadow more than I'm intuitive them
playing and what does that Huzur now
hover nozzle help you tremendously with
the 3d platforming flood was great why
is the world in love again
why are they marching hand-in-hand it's
right there Jack I'm sorry oh my god
everything right there he's literally
right there on my way to the entrance
yeah I think like the the areas in
sunshine where they took away flood and
it was just beautiful platforming was
the
was the inspiration behind galaxies
right which is great I mean galaxies
great as well
and seeing mr. for the the fact that
Mario does feel a little slippery in
sunshine gives him some movement that I
prefer here in galaxy actually I feel
like Mario
I feel like Mario actually stops dead
which isn't how he was in the NES
Mario's and the NES Mario he had some
hits and momentum to him here when you
make a jump you just stopped dead and I
don't like that it feels weird when you
stop dead in your jump just that one
going I thought there might be a heart
capi gives you more options than flood
no bigger Cappy only gives you the
option that's in front of you flood you
could do anything anywhere Cappy you
only get to take over the one specific
enemy that's in front of you that
uniquely pertains to the puzzle that's
also in front of you it's a puzzle thing
there's another and they move slow
usually the things you possess yeah
other other than bullet bill who is in
this one specific level only right the
other I mean Cappy does let you do the
double jump but that's it guys talking
about Mark Mothersbaugh mark mother baz
score for thor ragnarok which was great
yes Mark Mothersbaugh did the score for
for is that he's the guy from Devo okay
he makes great scores
yeah his uh his score for the Royal
Tenenbaums is beautiful
camis coat of underwhelming I don't the
possession mechanic week cave nah its
weak rich and you know that's neat but
that's got nothing on flood right that's
the thing like but that's it like that's
the one trick that Cappy can do it gives
you a bit of a double jump that's his
trick which is nowhere near what flood
gets you exactly
Conan's Lou there conan slough odyssey
by itself is not enough to get a switch
I don't think there are enough games on
the switch that that makes it worth it
not sure but I don't think odyssey alone
is enough to get a swing but there's
enough on here you don't need just you
don't need a hata see there's a ton of
other great games this is the first time
I hear someone prefer flood over capi
sorry
totally this totally is underwhelming
Cappy is super underwhelming
Happy's fine fine that's that's my whole
thing with this game fine you get it
yeah I missed because 3d platforming is
awkward I can't land on our head
properly follow your shadow
so yeah as Elda if you don't have it we
use that getting a Zelda's working Zelda
is worth a switch if you don't have a
Wii you
flood takes jobs from unemployed yoshi's
there I said it I like it can I get the
coins before the statue boss what coins
are you talking about
and why do I need to get them hmm okay
now let's see how many more moons you
need to get in order to get out of here
I think it's a lot well you have me
skipped everything on the way
yeah ones that were fairly easy to get
yeah just cuz I'm I'm curious I got I
suppose the stories that oh these guys
haven't mastered Kathy's moves that yet
what the cap jump here huge rich just
did it like eight times there I've
mastered camis moves that literate you
your master you're a master artists here
these sugar skulls are adorable look at
him look at him just adorable how much
have you played beyond beating Bowser
I I beat the dark side of the moon I I
have over three hundred moons I've gone
to a couple levels after the Dark Side
of the Moon and you know I didn't unlock
that but I did mess around on the
Mushroom Kingdom for a bit yeah
dreamer TK yes you are getting an
official review of the game we've
recorded a bit before the stream and now
rich wants to record a bit more after
the stream so hopefully that'll be out
in the next couple of days
mr. Rana the Mushroom Kingdom then I
went to the cap Kingdom yeah and I saw a
peach standing there I I completely
ignored that bitch Oh
stranding me on the moon yeah she tried
to strand me on the fucking moon after I
rescued her from a giant rape lizard
kind of a bitch move I mean wow yeah
yeah didn't even talk to her Jack she
strains you in the moon after flat-out
rejecting you
listen York she doesn't owe me that but
she knows ask me a fucking ride home in
my own ship that she stole so I ignored
peach I went straight I went straight to
Metro City
what's Pauline up to yep oh hey girl you
it's your birthday I'll get you a
birthday present
giant rape blizzard yes he's giant
and he was trying to forcibly marry her
I am assuming that he would also want
some kind of relations at some point
this this is my assumption that's a
pretty fair assumption
how are we doing now well at least
hopefully if the audio just died you
didn't hear like a giant shriek like
what happened last time
good here we go oh great
for some reason the are zoom which we
use to interface our microphones with
the computer stopped working I don't
know why Fire Emblem fangirl says I'm
now addicted to star to Valley because
of you do you think again that why oh
sorry Oh keep going
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
okay okay we should be on now okay
we should be gone now sorry
you
you
you
you
you
okay okay okay we're having a problem
with our USB hub apparently yeah I don't
know
I'm saying levels on the xsplit we're
back that's a horrible temporary
solution okay which one is the mouse I'm
not even sure great turn what is that
they both logitech yeah then I don't
know hey everybody we did it
the funny part about it is rich started
a little bit where even though our mics
were working
he just stopped talking but apparently
that bit was moot because our our
everything our our everything our
literally everything stopped working so
this is fixable rich this is we need a
new hub yeah we just need a new hub okay
I'm on it I'm on it
whoo Jack don't explain too bad too bad
I explained it that was quite the
technical snafu but we did it we figured
it out our hub is straight up Busta fied
I mean we need to figure out a well
figure it out don't worry I'm no I'm not
to worry another thing I hate about
sunshine is Delfino Island and its
citizens
all right you hate anything about the
game that isn't superficial what's wrong
I don't I don't know super cute the game
feels like you're on vacation
yeah tips for a new hub I don't this is
like our second or third hub don't worry
we'll get there
yeah Delfino was great hi his majesty
Henry Baxendale the art design to this
game is muddled look a lot of it's very
good like I like a lot of the worlds and
creatures but then we get weird stuff
like a photorealistic dinosaur and
that's and I kind of like that
so for weird
super weird yeah new dog I agree with
you a man slew I think new dog city's
supertrash best bit of the game this
you've done City Oh new dog sitting
there man I mean you get Pauline mob
spirit lots of neat areas to platform
off of Mario was meant for freaking
urban environment man sure
oh there is okay everything's fine
where's our mouse probably not getting a
good signal from all the way over there
oh dang son of a bitch how long is the
court on this time oh wait wait wait I
see I see it I'm one thing that thing
cheese and crackers yeah yeah having a
normal proportion human with Maura
around is weird it is weird yes because
that's the that's what was wrong with
Sonic oh seven there six or whatever the
fuck year was I had none through a game
play being poor from a from an art
direction standpoint it's weird it's
weird to have a cartoon Mario hanging
out with normal people I agree and it's
weird the same with a dinosaur galaxy
had tons of amazing weird visuals and
they had to compete with that but just
being awed that was their solution this
is great see like these guys are odd and
weird but still fit within the world of
Mario and I think it's great look at
look at those guys they're adorable so
you wanted something standard this is
fun I want something that feels like
it's a cohesive art direction not
slapped together assets yes
along we have Fitz own mouth situation I
know I know
besides my response is I don't mind the
the Mario next to human things that's
it's fine it doesn't bother me at all
I like new dog city I like rich is so
condescending something because I like
something which doesn't disagree with me
he's condescending fuck off that's kind
of sending great great weird really well
where'd we leave off oh right oh man
let's see here anonymous says about
stranger thing I'll get back to all of
your stranger things tips later emo duck
says hope this makes up for the lost
audience thank you emo duck we really
appreciate that tip it sounds like I
really appreciate it - really appreciate
it - that'll that'll go a long way to
getting us a really nice USB hub nice
nice yeah I really appreciate that emoji
some worlds are beautiful while others
are just bland and off gray you know
like I I really like this world I love
the sugar skulls and I love like the the
old Mayan stuff I think this is really
great
something like the snow world felt like
just got snow in it the creatures in the
snow world I love those little puff
balls they're adorable but I hate motion
controls well I hate this game no you
don't need motion controls I have I have
over three hundred moons and I have
never once used motion it's only really
useful for this that's much easier what
the motion controls you're the mattes
agree but what I'm saying is you don't
need them you don't you don't need to
use motion controls at all that's not
the pan find it implying in the car if I
stop to get that one I wanted to get
we'd be on our way over me I wanted to
see so how many have you had to get
outside of the main story three three
okay this is for alright that's great my
view just one one one in the sand it's
great it makes it feel like a treasure
it's just fine to find it in the dirt we
Jack you're not impressed with the snow
levels because you live in the north
you're almost Canadians right no snow
sucks I just thought it was bland at the
level yes well that's the other thing as
short but I the the the adorable little
creatures in the level were great
why moons though what's wrong with good
old stars and it's fine either way
really it's just thing you need to
collect be a fucking scold and spatula
wouldn't make a fucking difference in
fact like in when you get back to the
Mushroom Kingdom
even though they still call the moons
you are just collecting stars so
that's what Oh scoring I don't know what
that means so sorry what did you think
of the Mushroom Kingdom by the way yeah
that's yeah it's okay it's fine
it's it's a castle it's familiar and the
surrounding areas is my new Dodge City
was new it was different
yeah new dog city was different hey you
know what you just swap out all of the
creepy looking human people with curtain
people and I'm fine yeah make them all
look like Pauline cartoonish and I'm
fine with it all swapped the normal
realistic looking taxi cabs for slightly
exaggerated cartoony looking tax cabs
I'm good let's see what we got here
uncle sporky says hey dudes recently
found your streams have watched a lot of
Friday the 13th you maybe want to watch
the series as I hadn't seen them before
I liked five more than most people six
was really good
one was six again is that the new blood
that was the psychic girl was that six
or was that for no no war was the one
word kid Tommy no eight this yeah no
those were kid Tommy Jarvis kills Jason
is that for yeah that's for what Corey
Feldman so six is the cycle five is thus
5 is the psych ward with older Tommy
Jarvis and no actual Jason just a
copycat Oh 6 is Jason lives 6 its Jason
lives that's what that's what zombie
Jason and then 7 is the one with psychic
girl it's been they all they all mushed
together in my brain there's no way to
keep track
six is New York and a boat no let's say
eight Jason and Manhattan yeah that's
right
Jason Takes Manhattan yeah yeah that was
near the end yeah that's that's the
problem at like you know I've I think
I've seen all of these movies in the
background of my life just over and over
again they all mush together every
single one of them they're all mush
yeah well you're Amish kid they don't
like it kind hearing you mush mush kid
you're mush kids music what are some
worlds that you like in Super Mario
honestly God besides me Byung City which
we know you love this is the music is
great yeah I don't mind the world we
came from that's a good level yeah yeah
I like the desert world do we mind
spoilers no no spoilers all right all
right so what's the split the last
storyline one
I'd say that's that's we just said it so
yeah you could say the moon that's not
super spoilers it's kind of spoilery is
it yeah yeah I'm not worried about
spoilers in a Mario game I guess because
when I got to the moon I was like oh
shit that's awesome we're going to the
moon yeah and then I jumped on the moon
like oh shit there are moon physics
yeah there's mood and gravity which is
great getting somebody easy to grab once
on the way because it makes sense all
right man you do you
don't spoil us if Mario beats Bowser
again right gameplays spoilers we're
very sorry for spoiling the fact that
Mario goes to the moon bottom l see
Mario in new and weird and different
locales that he's been through before
him that's the theme of this fucking
game the moon there you go that's that's
all that's all the the joy I can muster
for this game is it bigger
is it big Laura and we're taking Mario
out of the Mushroom Kingdom but I'm fine
with it but he's been in the fucking
universe the universe did look just like
the Mushroom Kingdom that you are
incredibly incorrect you don't remember
the galaxy then the galaxy had a strange
and amazing worlds the galaxy had levels
where you know it was just like giant
toys and and weird industrial levels
there's all sorts of fun stuff in the
galaxy
I might have played this left on the
livestream I don't remember well I'm
gonna try and get through it quickly
though yeah riches riches busting
through which isn't getting anything
anything extra just how fast can we get
through the story that's the name of
game
champion of shunt yes I agree with just
kind of like it's fine it's not great
let's the Netflix movie about the giant
pink Oh about the super pig and it's
like I wanted it to be more than it was
because it looked weird and interesting
and it was like it's fine
I didn't I didn't I didn't big it so Sir
Richard loves this game with Jack Hansen
rich really likes this game I'm stopping
short of love but I really like this
game and Jack less so I'm more on the
map I'm more on the mass spectrum of
this game I don't it's not a straight-up
hate like I think there are a lot of
redeeming qualities to this game but
it's like a of course there's nothing
that they're easy to get one nerd is
this gonna be like a see that well like
this is fun is there some fun
platforming over here you know stuff to
do chef rich you know could get it
together
there you go the jacket like this less
than Mario Rabbids no I like this more
than Mario Rabbids yeah as far as 3d
Mario games go this is my least favorite
but also it's not my least favorite game
of all time it's fine game
I don't know how Mario 64 isn't
everyone's least favorite every 3d Mario
that's come after Mario 64 has just been
an improvement of Mario 64 Mario 64 for
me is third right above this it gets it
gets extra points like there there were
some there's some good platforming like
some good levels don't you lose your
shit it's still a fine game but amongst
the 3d marios I rank Mario 64 on the
bottom
I do yeah sunshine for me is number one
I put sunshine at my favorite 3d Mario
game I would rank that as number one
what about 3d world different style of
game and they're not really great
comparison right 3d worlds of 2d well
it's more of a traditional platformer
than these xplory kind of games yeah so
like for me it's sunshine galaxy 64 or
Odyssey that's how I would rank them
galaxies pretty darn close to sunshine
also did we ever play sunshine on stream
no never have that's a great game dust
off the Gamecube bring it in
was there a Virtual Console version of
that yet can you play that on the switch
there there is no Virtual Console on the
switch or there's the Neo Geo ok so they
don't they don't have old Nintendo games
on the switch like they did with the Wii
U and the week I don't think so actually
I'm trying to think of an example
yeah they probably will later but yes as
far as I know they don't have any any
sort of of classic Nintendo games on the
switch
favorite Mario RPG game I love the Paper
Mario series Paper Mario and Paper Mario
the thousand-year door great games was a
fantastic games West Coast why are you
so grumpy
they'd boys coast is not a fan of
sunshine right what west coast why do
you hate everything it's like West Coast
you hate everything and that's obvious
about how you're talking about Super
Mario Sunshine
I think rich could get into Paper Mario
because it is a turn-based RPG but you
do stuff all right I like I like I like
Super Paper Mario ver that know the
combat was you jump on things right well
like I was explaining Paper Mario too
rich a little bit ago and you know you
you go to your you know Excel
spreadsheet drop-down menu and you
choose jump and then you choose which
enemy to jump on and you don't
physically run over and jump on him but
there is kind of like a timed press for
bonus damage and then there's something
you can do to kind of block attacks and
so it's not just the Excel spreadsheet
drop down menu there's stuff you are
doing during combat sections where I
feel that rich could look that I feel a
rich could have a better time than a
normal turn-based RPG so this music yep
know the music in this whole game is
quite is quite good I'd say how early
did you guys get the switch right when
it came out we got it right when I came
out so we could play broke the wild work
expense oh yeah we had to pay extra
because the person who you know there
was none left near us and so the person
who could get it to us had to ship it to
us it's an easy one I'll get him so we
had to pay a little bit extra so the
person you know could ship it to us but
well worth it
oh thank you
gas can prime more money for the USB hub
yes I will I will look into a quality
USB hub for us it doesn't necessarily
need to be USB 3 it just needs to be
powered but that's what we figured
right before but you know what I'll also
look into just kind of a longer standard
USB cord for the zoom and we'll just
plug that one in separately and then get
a nicer USB hub to plug in over here
all right we've probably been streaming
long enough
