Episode 891
Rich's Odyssey (part 2) STRANGER THINGS 2 SPOILERS
November 7, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Wk0oLR7PiU
___________________________________________

all right we've probably been streaming
long enough do you want to to throw down
a spoiler if you want to because I have
a lot of tips pertaining to season two
and stranger things right and I think
what's all right what's our uptime at
it's been over an hour so heads up
everyone
we are officially about to talk stranger
things season 2 this will be full
spoiler motherfucker we're going full
spoiler later fuck spy load them thanks
for stopping by sorry for anyone who
hasn't watched it yet I tried to give
you as much lead time as possible
because yeah full stranger things season
2 spoiler coming up at yeah boyee many
things are wrong with me rich so let's
talk about gatekeeping and fandom
there's oh that's the worst that's what
we talked about that a couple streams
ago any anyone who says like you're
enjoying this wrong or you just don't
get it that's that kind of gatekeeping
bullshit is what is I think the the
leading cause of toxic fandom
I think there's there's a bunch of
terrible things about whoopsy you know
what hold on I'm gonna grab another
water really oh
you grab you grab what you need to grab
you smack into more thing and you have
another water
I'm gonna get three from the boss and I
need one additional one and my last this
one nothing I just need to grab one more
quick star get it okay here we are
season two spoiler talk overall
something I said before tell me how you
feel about this Ridge yeah I didn't
think season two was as good as season 1
overall overall no ended about as good
show oh sure yeah I liked the ending a
lot I mean I know that's not to say it's
bad it's to say there are two good
things one is slightly gooder than the
other it starts really fucking slow yeah
that is true it starts really so they
they have a lot of exposition work that
I don't think is necessary the kids are
fucking around looking for the monster
or the the tiny monster I was about this
right stupid where's the focus well
that's the whole thing season 2 didn't
have the strong focus that season 1 yeah
season 1 is we've got to find will will
is missing everything tied into that
every end and you know there were three
groups of people there were the kids
there were the teenagers they were the
adults they were each doing their own
thing in service of the exact same grade
and so it was it was three notes working
and harmony here everybody's off fucking
doing their own thing everybody you got
you got you got a Nancy and older
brother whose name I can't remember
doing their own thing you got some kids
doing this they got other kids doing
this older brother the Wills older
brother
Oh Jonathan yeah yeah I think I think
you're talking about Mike Nancy's
brother mu who's younger but why do you
talk well no no but like you know Nancy
and Jonathan we're often this you know
doing this thing you have half of the
kids looking for a little monster and
the other half with will in the in the
compound and just ever everybody's off
doing the thing
you know who I loved though yeah is Bob
oh sure but Shawn asked him this season
made Steve really likeable oh I know I
know they tried to redeem him last
season I still didn't give a fuck he was
a prick well last season if you remember
they they defied the bad boyfriend trope
yeah which is neat which was great like
Nancy could have chosen Jonathan but
decided to stick with the boyfriend who
turned out not to be a bad boyfriend
right this season they went balls to the
wall reverse like Steve is a good dude
Steve is the good dude
protecting kids he's be even too even
drove Dustin to the dance I don't get
that I don't get that I know they
connected this season that was taking it
a bit far oh I love it though if you
look at this as a movie from a child's
perspective that like befriended a
teenager is the coolest thing in the
world right and so like that was
Dustin's cool moment he prefers it as
teenager but yeah also a little a little
weird like Wyatt Wyatt driving Wyatt
driving your little friend of the dance
but yeah they connected I you know what
I guess we'll start with episode 7 and
just kind of work our way around that
because that's the only thing people
fucking care about what are the tips -
oh sure though I can go back to the tips
now you're right all right they're just
gonna talk about episodes that's fine
then that's how we get to Episode seven
anonymous says about stranger things
Episode seven was amazing if for no
other reason than it did something
different everything else felt like a
tired watered-down rehash of season 1
season 2 was OK at best I think scene 2
is really good but - to go to your point
of rehash and you know to harp on my
point of not as good as season 1
the season one had some iconic imagery
the the the lights the Krampus lights
yeah iconic that I mean that's a I've
seen that everywhere that's a Halloween
costume now like people love that yeah
11 and her fuckin Eggos like iconic
imagery they went too far were the Ergo
references it was cute when they did it
the season 1 yes trying to make it a
thing it's it's kind of embarrassing
super well sewed like that's the thing
the AYGO references in season 2 was
embarrassing instead of having the
Christmas lights which was a unique icon
iconic imagery they tried to have a one
owner writer make the map in her house
yeah when she oh she's gonna do
something else weird to her house she
needs to be that way to her house well
that felt incredibly out of place I felt
like rehash yes it felt like rehash they
brought it back around by by getting Bob
involved that's the only thing that made
that work yes okay can I say how much
sense Bob made yes we needed a bob we
needed a normal Justin or me that that
Joyce would want a bomb though uh-huh
made so much fuckin sense to me
stability any sort of stability woman
who married a jackass huh she go through
this monster nightmare held with her son
of course she finds just the safest most
pleasant guy to be with that made so
much sense it was great oh he he put he
was playing his best Patton Oswald
Sean Astin and just nailing it just
being a good guy all around being there
for the kids being able to help out when
they needed nerd stuff it was great
bob was great they killed Bob yep which
you know that happens that's all right
that no death had some meaning did you
watch the beyond stranger things no no I
did not work okay they revealed some
things originally he was gonna die much
earlier yeah
possessed will was going to kill him oh
no I would have hated that yeah yeah
well it was good was gonna be it was
gonna be earlier it was gonna be like
before he was that endearing oh oh oh
sure because I remember in the car when
he gives the advice that ends up being
really terrible advice yes I think
originally that's when they were gonna
kill him really yeah Oh interest yeah
the interest is this utterly it's
actually not bad advice but if you're
talking about a dream right but when the
dream is actually a monster that wants
to possess you it's Bob didn't know he
didn't know Bob didn't know he was just
trying to get it
turn around and face your fears you can
do it kid no I love that because you
could and you know Shawn asked him being
a good actor you could see that in his
eyes he was like I'd nailed that advice
that was dad advice and I nailed it I
loved it I loved it and so they they
killed Bob at the end but you know what
he still did a lot of good work and and
and that that up to the stakes a
character that we all loved was killed
off and that meant that other characters
might die well there's a character they
just introduced that season no and I
still feel fairly characterized that
Lentz a significant amount of weight
where I was able to suspend my disbelief
long enough barb barb and season one had
wait because she didn't know at that
point that she wasn't gonna end up being
one of the main characters also can I
just say that I know that a lot of the
barb storyline in season two was a
direct commentary on the fan outcry
after barb was killed in season one yeah
the Defra brothers were not aware that
barb was going to be as popular a
character as she was yeah and so this is
why for almost all of season two two of
her characters are fucking around an
adventure that had nothing to do with
anything that that was going to be my
point while it was okay also I loved
Oh what's they who's the name of the
actor who plays the private investigator
Brett Gelman the guy with the big beard
oh I don't know the name is I want to
say he's bad with names
I want to say his name is Brett is that
his name someone in chat is about to
tell me yeah beard guy Gelman
I think his name is Brett Gelman you are
correct great he is fantastic he's a
comedian and an actor and and he's in a
bunch of stuff that I really enjoy the
more screen time for him in general the
better but yeah they just fucked around
for a lot of couple days that was a cute
scene when I got together a nice payoff
but yeah it didn't have much to do with
any kind of main story that was going on
mm-hmm
yeah there were some there were some
uncommitted season two less focused look
that's the biggest problem still very
good but less focused and see I've heard
that a lot that a lot of season two was
just building up characters for season
three and I don't necessarily agree with
that I think this was a perfectly
encapsulated season given that we
fucking finally get mostly the host
eight thing Chicago yes at seven that
mean that's that's for future down the
road I don't think that's necessarily
true you know we got here we got
something I was not expecting yeah a
true-to-life happy ending uh-huh the kid
that they went to the school dance
fucking 11 gussied herself up and they
danced and they just had a moment of
happiness is that a happy ending
I mean let me say something here oh all
right 11 and Mike kind of get together
right yeah that's cute that's adorable
is adorable yeah how many junior high
romances do you know that went the
distance
this is a
is so doomed to failure it's a TV show
and in my head they're together forever
mike is so fucked because his ex is
going to have superpowers oh the two of
them are gonna you just gotta take and
he can't hide from her he can't he can't
like take a day off she'll just come to
him in the blackness he cheats on her
she's gonna squeeze his brain high but
you know what joking aside I was really
happy for the happy ending I was sure I
wanted that for the kids
I wanted that they had been through two
seasons of utter pain and horror let
them have a fucking school dance I have
I have a weird complaint being on the
subject of of joking about their
relationships and whatnot I have a very
strange complaint and it bothers me more
than anyone else I've talked to about
this issue I've tried to bring this up
to a few people okay and this will might
segue into episode 11 a little bit so
Elevens whole thing this season was she
was trapped in the cabin right yeah for
her own safety which right is its own
thing but she kept reaching out to Mike
getting to Mike was very important her
yeah I just wanted to see Mike yeah she
finally breaks free tracks down Mike and
then backs off yeah and why does she
back off dude because she sees him with
another girl for one second and she
becomes super pissed that scene really
bothered me why 11 is not bound by our
social constructs she was raised without
ever meeting another kid for an extended
period of time
she would have no idea that other girls
are even a threat the the fact that she
gets mad at another girl for hanging out
with Mike makes no calm makes no sense
in the context of 11:00 this might just
be human nature uh-huh
and it might actually be worse in her
case because she's she doesn't have the
socialization to realize that their
dalliance could be just completely
innocent Mike's the only other human
being that she's had an interaction with
that wasn't like a horrible monster from
the government was seeing him with
anyone else I can see it I can see it
just didn't make sense
like that's the only like if well and
then see like then her leaving doesn't
make sense because if she immediately
perceives this other girl as a threat
she would run in there and take care of
it because she has no so she has no
restraint so the entire that you might
have played there well that's what I'm
saying on both sides of the of the coin
the interaction doesn't make sense the
jealousy makes sense to me that's a like
if what you're saying is there is an
there's a innate human there might be a
jealousy how many people do we know that
have been raised in a government box
right it's hard to say what would really
happen there are no examples it's it
seemed out of nowhere she's someone who
still is like getting a basic grasp on
the human language and we're supposed to
buy that she understands like what
relationships are because Mike is the
only you know non creepy human
relationship she's had makes sense that
she would be that much more attached
than that much more jealous yeah but how
does she even know this other girl is a
threat I I raised somebody in a box and
put them in the situation that we could
see what's accurate or not I don't know
it's it it seemed out of nowhere to me
it didn't make a lot of sense and then
to compound that during our training
montage in Episode seven eightt asks her
to think of things that make her angry
and like the thing that
helps push her over the edge is thinking
of Mike and this other girl
no I'll agree to that considering all
the horrible shit she's probably been
through I can see that bang annoying
with that was the tipping point yeah
okay right oh and I see a lot of people
in chat saying that while in her cabin
she was watching a lot of soap operas
and I have thought about this in fact
they they even show a little scene of
her watching a soap opera and you know
like two people kiss right if we are to
believe that she has learned this
behavior from watching soap operas then
they should have done a good job of
showing us that by watching a scene in a
soap opera where a girl is you know
scorned by another girl did then use
didn't notice you weren't paying enough
attention to what she was watching no
they showed one scene in a soap opera
alright alright
they showed one scene in a soap opera
and it was her and it was a guy boy and
a girl kissing okay yeah so but like I
agree with that like I she's watching
soap operas I can maybe make that
stretch but then the filmmaker should
have shown a very specific scene and
then we would have been like oh shit her
mind has been warped by only watching
soap opera so she's being overdramatic
about the situation because she doesn't
have normal social contracts that would
have made sense right but in any case
that's a it's a very smiler grievance
but it that seemed bothered me and it
does it doesn't seem to bother many
other people know yourself included
I'm probably crazy it's just a thing
that bothers me and I'm gonna be okay
then I remember right after watching
that episode and like I turned to Lisa I
was like wasn't that weird isn't that
weird that 11 like just snapped on that
ground Lisa's like what are you talking
about it makes perfect sense don't you
do that so weird everybody I've talked
to has disagree with me so I accept that
it's just me but I still think it's
weird
we'll get oh don't worry we're gonna get
we're gonna get to all of episode 7 in
its badness and its glory I I liked
episode 7 overall rich Jack grew up on a
farm give him a break oh come on oh wait
I can just go straight to the boss can I
because you get three moons from though
oh there you go yeah I'll get this one
real quick but okay then we're going
straight to the boss great anonymous
says stranger things talk episode seven
did indeed feel more like a pilot first
spin-off show but seeing how tired and
weak
season 2 was I'd rather watch that
spin-off than a third season of stranger
things
I don't season two and once you get once
you get map sub five and six it gets a
lot better it just starts really weak
yeah
they don't they don't have they don't
have the driving factor this time the
kids were all being stupid early on with
with dark obviously this is a fucking
monster from the monster dimension that
you all know about why are you fucking
around like this is some cute thing you
just found and why was that important to
oh my god I forgot his name already
Dunstan Dustin Dustin Dunstan I was just
as just stupid this season the smart one
from last season does every dumb thing
well and it's about him was attracted to
that animal like what rights he made
some weird decisions I because I watched
the after series show okay just trying
to impress max that's what they kept
saying but then the show also made it
very clear that max was going to end up
with well Dustin didn't know that
oh sure but we did well okay what does
that matter
if an audience knows something well
before a character that character just
seems dumb okay
Dustin does not come off looking very
good this is this is not something I'm
arguing yeah oh right right
Lucas was as it was his name was the
other kid's name yeah Max and Lucas were
a thing from the start
max in general as a character like I
know you got a you need the you need the
new character to explain stuff
did we that's a thing you need I don't
hate Max's character I don't I don't
know what purpose she served this season
she's the exposition dump
she's the the Stanley exposition dump
what if someone starts this season but
no all right all right who would do that
an idiot obviously all right you know
also you need you do like much like Bob
you need a quasi normal person
especially now that all the kids have
gone through weirdo things you need
someone to be like this is really weird
right you need someone to go WOW the
things you are doing are amazing right
because they've already been through
amazing things oh thank you so so they
needed that and you know what her her
older brother the Red Ranger aka the Red
Ranger I haven't seen it so the I
haven't seen anything I just know he's
the new Red Ranger in the Power someone
in the chance asking if he was racist
and they didn't have the balls to
flat-out say it they did it was kind of
obvious wasn't it I was waiting for him
to pull that trip right they just showed
him that having that that big of all
nope and I but it was quite obvious to
me that that's where they were going oh
of course
like he he's he he signaled Lucas
specifically several times and I wonder
whose call that was not to pull the
trigger on just like him like cuz
obviously he's a huge asshole right he's
abusive like he's the bad guy it's okay
to also make him racist like whose call
was it not to pull the trigger on that
you face someone someone well it's got
to be the duffer Brothers Netflix is
usually pretty chill about with their
creators letting them do whatever they
feel is necessary no I know so
no he'd like he was so not gay it hurt
that that whole thing with with like who
being game what what is this is that
he's not only rate not only racist but
also gay it's like no no he's he's a
Playboy he's fucking chicks man
where do they imply that only that only
the evil dad implies that oh that's
right that's was mean he's gay that
means he's got a prick father right no I
loved that scene with him and and Mike's
mom that was that was I was musing that
was hilarious that was hilarious I loved
it I loved him and Mike's mom by the way
is Steve gonna beat anybody in a fight I
hope not I don't want to miss well you
know why Steve is a normal person Steve
is a normal person who tries to fight
and fails I fucking love him Steve is
the is the hero I'm already done with
this Kingdom the shower scene Jack
what's shower scene him and Steve at the
high school after a game of before a
game I forgot which but I don't remember
what happened about that same great hair
no great hair great hair I loved his
character that was perfectly over the
top
evil teenager sure sure I loved it I
loved every little bit of it and he was
great tell you the truth I was almost
hoping not to meet their parents look at
Steve's junk for the whole scene that
could have been just my cheese no mine's
bigger than yours I'm letting you know
what kind of thing I don't know
I did the rewatch it I wasn't I wasn't
paying that much attention to who was
looking at whose dick and the shower
scene anyway I I wish we wouldn't have
met their parents I you kind of
understood that they had abusive parents
I don't think that was necessary like he
was the prick this is a show from a
child's point of view parents are
peripheral Karen if that were the case
then Steve would have been the Perkins
season one they wouldn't never have done
that
they put a twist on it jack yeah I put a
twist on it you got a little reason why
is why is wise prick a little depth I
didn't mind yeah it was the step there
that was abuse I said abusive parents
but yeah yeah you know what I meant
mother's not doing anything to stop it
right obviously she's probably getting
abused as well but you know someone's
gotta do something
jerk having jerk parents is not a twist
I agree with that pan over we already
knew the password
weirdly Max's dad didn't seem like an
asshole it just made me happy to see
someone who has power put the brother
put him in his place no no that was that
was the clap that's the classic jerk
cycle this is the reason why the brother
isn't sure right because he comes from
jerks and bla bla bla no that's that's
completely normal it does it humanizes
them a little bit but then he's still a
jerk when when it comes for the when it
comes time for the final fight Steve
gets his ass kicked you know like you
see you see Steve you know come in for
the sucker punch and and you know you
almost think through somehow he's gonna
do oh no you know dickhead got his face
punched in love it a lot of a lot of
good stuff in there
Paul Reiser with a good he was good a
surprise surprisingly deep bad man
scientist character he's not that bad
exactly he kind of there's an unspoken
their threat to Jonathan and Nancy but
not really unspoken because he also lays
it out in very practical terms like we
don't know what's causing this we are
doing all we can to keep everyone safe
and if you incite a panic people won't
be safe like he's also like or sure he's
being a very reasonable adult which I
love and just the fact that it's Paul
Reiser and there's a point you know
where they have a thing on radar is a
great little a great little poke back to
aliens I'm in the middle of a Bowser
fighter oh sure
you did it it's called complicated
character they just you know it's it's a
show that's full of tropes and
stereotypes as it should be and so it's
nice when they subvert the tropes and
stereotypes occasionally they're they're
obviously like manipulating tropes and
stereotypes and and I just I like I like
what they did with Paul Reiser it worked
no I don't think they went too far with
the references I think a lot of them
were very subtle and also like they
weren't referencing referencing anything
terribly like out of the world hope you
forgot about the tail yeah I thought
that was the end of the game you did
that oh you thought bob was a plant by
them yeah oh yeah yeah well that was one
of two ways you go with Bob either he's
he's the the innocent man who's gonna
bite it or he's gonna be the evil
government plant that's it that's what I
thought at first if he would have turned
out to be the evil plan I would have
thrown my DVR in the toilet oh I loved
Bob so much well I threw that notion out
around the time he was figuring out the
puzzle sure
does that do anything for you the Rick
plot isn't enough of a threat this this
tunnel is the digging tunnels okay we
gotta stop them from digging the tunnels
like I got it and you know at that point
I was just so bothered by the fact that
they tried to recreate the
christmas-light thing where I was like
fine
I was so bothered when she started
taping up the roots all over the place
it's like really this is your poor
imitation of the awesome Crisp Christmas
lights visual thing
but now I get it like it's spreading is
the threat it's spreading and we see how
it's affecting the local wildlife so I I
understood the threat so I was okay with
that and I loved the tunnels when they
went in the tunnels that was nice and
creepy the chat is talking about
checkoff strip wire oh the trip wire for
those who don't know there was there's a
writer I think he was a writer and
checkoff right and yeah there's nothing
to it Star Trek it has nothing to do
with Star Trek that there's a saying
called check-offs gun and and this
writer said if you introduce a gun in
chapter one it better go off by Chapter
three somebody's gonna fire that gun
exactly if anything you mention anything
you focus on should have something to do
with this story that's why I thought
there was gonna be more of an angle with
the government actively trying to get 11
back oh they're gonna set that on the
train together and it's gonna let her
know and they never did I guess it's in
her it did it did kind of give a nice
little twisted father-daughter bonding
moment for hopper and 11 in the
flashback when he's showing her how to
set up a tripwire sure I guess it you
know it has some function for just
giving them characterization but I guess
but like what a very specific thing but
right but see not only did they set up
the tripwire they reaffirmed the
tripwire when a 11 left remember
she you know she specifically stepped
over the tripwire they showed it not
once but twice it's possible that we're
going to do more than they actually did
it's it's just one of those things where
like that's a classic that's classic
visual storytelling is you set up an
object you reaffirm what that object
does and then that object pays off right
they set up the tripwire they reaffirmed
that the tripwire is a thing that exists
and then we never see the tripwire again
it's weird unless it's gonna have like a
huge payoff in season three but ya know
doctor dr. Dex says it would be fun to
subvert Chekhov's gun by constantly
teasing something but never having it
pay off you know in a comedy that would
that would be either a comedy or
incredibly frustrating those are things
that happen in bad movies my first death
well Vanilla Ice's says different
episodes were written by different
people maybe that's why that is the job
of something called the showrunner right
the person who is in charge of keeping
all the different staffs together and
focus that's the duffer brothers they're
in charge they hold that shit together
or at least they're supposed to
justice for tripwire absolutely justice
for barb justice for Bob but justice for
tripwire let's hold justice for things
gonna get really annoying in it you know
we'll see we'll see how long it lasts
but the season two has some issues
season one had some issues but season
two overall is still good mostly because
of the left over fuzzy feeling from
season one you just like all those
people you just want to see what happens
in their crazy world right justice for
Justice League absolutely
quick stars where we find quick stars in
this world not that fond of this world
this might be my least favorite yeah
it's hard to say I forgotten about this
world's existence which I suppose says
all it needs to say about how I feel
about this work right okay so now we get
to the real to the real meat of things
rich yeah episode 7 okay I come after I
saw it and I knew it was coming up and I
knew it was a thing cuz you know you had
teased it about it uh-huh I knew this
was going to be a controversial thing so
I was I was on edge I was a hyper
focused on Episode seven I was ready for
it right overall I really liked it I
thought I was kid yeah it didn't embrace
a little schlock but I liked but I
understand completely why people are
upset with it okay why are people upset
with a check it is a huge tonal shift
from the rest of the series and also a
big deviation from the main story see I
thought that was a breather because I
thought the main story was kind of weak
lame tunnels unfocused what are we all
doing what's the goal there's no goal
everyone's doing their own thing yep
that was that episodes purpose was
literally to get everybody huddled up
for the final push but I mean over like
with stranger things in general you have
to embrace a certain amount of schlock
episode 7 embrace a larger amount of
schlock but I totally understand why
people like it if it only brought like
it broke the flow because you know the
episode right beforehand left on a huge
cliffhanger right like that was the spy
episode I want to say it was the episode
before yeah so we don't know what our
hero's going tonight well no they're not
everyone we know and care about is in
that building so something's going to
happen is the possessed boy what's his
name well we'll some reason I can't
remember wills name so you know yeah Oh
wil has been the enemies inside of him
oh my god everything's going crazy we
know so much information now let's all
take a break and go to Chicago for a day
all right I get it I get what people are
upset is all I'm saying
and I do think that there were ways that
they could handle that episode
significantly better if she would have
gotten there a little bit faster and
they would have broken it up through a
few episodes maybe had no they couldn't
see alright okay alright here's why you
can't here's why you can't take that and
break it up over a few episodes no it
needs to be self-contained
because it is so totally different is
there a way that in breaking it up
through several episodes you don't make
it so totally different or is the fact
and here's the a this is a legitimate
question okay it is playing off again
this this the show is nothing but a
collection of you know tropes and
stereotypes and this is literally
playing off of the kid goes to the big
scary City trope is there a way to do
that and be totally similar to kids in a
small town I don't know I don't know the
answer to that
I don't mind the way they did that and
it needed to be where it was too because
it needs to end with her finding out
about the cliffhanger yeah because she
that's where she knows she's got to go
back and you can't do that earlier
before we have the initial cliffhanger
or it just spoils that it's NC here's
another thing I also think it is
incredibly necessary that eleven leaves
town yeah that she needs to grow on her
own some exactly like she has spent her
whole life trapped in a building she
can't like just hang out with the only
people who have ever been nice to her
because that doesn't give her any
character growth like Jay was I talk to
Jay about this yeah
and he thought eleven should have spent
a lot of the season like in the and in
the upside down and she should have
really come back towards near the end
like well then you have a little girl
that hasn't really had much Kurt she's
not relatable at all at that point
basically you had like and then our hero
is just somewhere someone suffering from
Stockholm Zin it's I agree she needs to
leave and show us that she wants to come
back and that's what that episode was
all about and so it's like I do think
that she needs she needed to leave I
don't necessarily think they handled it
oh wow right out of pause there three
times on this world let's cuz I'm
distracted this cuz I'm distracting
eleven was alone in that hut for a whole
year why would she need to leave town
because she'd been on that lot for a
whole year and it was driving her nuts
she was trash she yeah but you have a
girl who spent her entire life
imprisoned yep
by a a harsh man yep and then she
escapes and then she ends up kind of
imprisoned by a harsh man and obviously
we know that what hoppers doing he's
doing for her own good but she doesn't
necessarily know that right and like
let's say she just stays in the cabin
and learns a lesson and saves the day at
the end it wouldn't have the same impact
because like is that really her choice
like if hopper just called her on the
radio and said oh my God we're in
trouble and she came to rescue
one and it's just like I would she's
been sitting in a cabin for the whole
time like she needed to leave and then
want to come back
well she shows back up she's wearing her
80s punk gear and that's just totally
that's just totally awesome give her a
little cute makeup spray it's great Jack
if you dislike 11 getting mad at a girl
express your issue with eight speaking
in an Indian accent and fully capable of
living as a criminal in a big city what
what who and the what and the why and
what what what what are we talking about
why are we talking about it this is
penny kettle in chat who says jack if
you dislike xi getting mad at a girl
which i had my issues with as we talked
about earlier express your issue with
eight speaking in an Indian accent I
think it was British wasn't yeah okay I
think I think it's a British accent
first of all and being fully capable of
living as a criminal in a big city I
don't have any issue with her having an
accent and living as a criminal in a big
city having an issue with seven eight
why would that be a problem I don't know
that's what they're saying in chat and
by the way it makes so much sense that
eleven might fall in with a group like
that because seven yeah has not had a
normal childhood she's only known abuse
yeah she is a recipe for becoming some
kind of fucked up criminal runaway oh
yeah
and then you know a rich mate 8 and 11 8
and 11 so wait what's the there's no I
don't understand what your what's your
issue with with 8 being a criminal in a
big city I'm waiting for your reply Jack
people don't have to make sense
well I'm I'm trying I'm trying to try to
do something here they they seem to have
a very specific point yeah because
especially because they brought up my my
dislike of of 11 being you know
incredibly angry at a little bit a
little girl so I'm waiting for it I'm an
8 seem totally used to life whereas 11
seemed like a fish out of water right
because 8 has been out longer I again I
don't understand what just move on just
move on we're moving out we're moving on
88 has been out longer also 8 has the
ability to quite literally disappear and
so like the fact that she's lived it's
not quite literally baozi practically
you know he was the ability to
practically disappear as far as everyone
else is concerned she has disappeared
what I'm saying is she's a good criminal
like that's a really good power for a
long we're moving on know like but you
know so episode 7 had a few things that
needed to accomplish we needed to
establish that 11 wanted to be in town
I missed this my first playthrough
that's not our cap start yeah Oh in this
world yeah
well there's this I was so excited to
get the new dog city I kind of just I
got through this world laughs fast as I
could
yeah so in any case we need to establish
that 11 wants to be back oh that's a
great that's fun we also need to
establish some sort of growth in her
powers and I I could understand also
that people are upset in our little
training montage
did they hate the Empire Strikes Back
where our main hero had nothing to do
with anything anyone else is doing for
the whole movie and spent this time with
some kind of mentor figure learning to
hone powers and going on what was
basically an entirely separate adventure
and spends what is like probably one
maybe two days on Dagobah and then he's
a Jedi Master yapanese is everything
fine no I carry do it on my back for a
little bit I'm a Jedi he's gonna be
sorry in two things episode 7 was
terrible a fan our fans really hate the
Empire Strikes Back
yeah they do I know they do they do and
I know they do episode 7 is needed but I
also agree that they didn't handle it
perfectly yeah sure was a lot of things
this season that weren't perfect right
right but it but it was a needed episode
and to be honest I liked the breather
things things were getting set up
you knew the finale was coming and so
let's get all our chickens together
let's take a moment take a breath and
then a boom boom last two episodes right
nice
so we're 40 minutes really necessary to
accomplish that her powers growing by
being angry was already established in
the last scene with eleven when she
destroyed the hut yeah that's just glass
breakin that's not that's not a big show
of power moving a train car is a big
show of power the episode wasn't all
about her moving a train car
you know Schmucker going out a little
journey of self-discovery there was also
other things happening in that episode
finding our own place in the world and
and also finding out a little more
backstory on the department we now know
that there are more of them we learned a
little bit about where 11:00 is drawing
her lines like we learned we know the
Brenner's alive possibly yep yep yeah
yeah there were there was that episode
did some work and I know everyone is
saying hopper can crawl around and some
fucking tunnels and do nothing how about
that
that's a llama had nothing to do that
season other than early on you know with
11:00 there was some nice bits but yeah
there's a nice big spare in general he
was pretty useless you know I felt like
you look at some pumpkins and I was not
terribly into it I'm gonna take a look
at these pumpkins I'm gonna go back out
and take a look at those pumpkins I'm
gonna go back out again
and take a look at those pumpkins oh now
I'm gonna go on take a look at the
pumpkins and dig a hole with you I mean
he did dig that hole now I'm gonna get
lost and Bob's gonna need to save me and
you know I like Bob I'm just saying
hopper hopper did not accomplish much
this year now he his purpose was clear
like he was he was especially the pump
oh the pumpkin thing that was
establishing why the tunnels were bad
why like oh it's spreading it's
destroying life as we know it that's
important
why did hopper never tell
eleven what was going on in the town
because Hopper is acting as a father and
he is treating eleven like a daughter
and a little girl and not like a
superhero and a TV show as we know she
is his objective is to keep her safe it
was especially his own daughter died so
just doubly so with keeping eleven safe
it was a misguided attempt because you
know like obviously it failed for him
because she ran away it was a misguided
attempt at relieving the pressure on
eleven he didn't want eleven to fight
this fight he wanted her to be a normal
girl that was his that was his goal so
no that made perfect sense
perfect perfect by the way uh cricket
bones I thought that too as soon as Sean
Astin showed up for a split second I was
like is that patent is patton oswalt in
season two he looks at what he looks
just like Patton Oswalt yes like him I
recognized him but it took me it took me
in two or three seconds to be like oh
yeah they are there Sean Astin I'm glad
he wasn't just hi goo knees fan surface
yeah
think they did something with Robert sir
Rob was brilliant it took me a while to
identify Paul Reiser oh yeah I haven't
seen him in years he's now he's now fat
and old well but happens to us all but I
did not recognize him at first
oh he's now fat enough yeah you know
that's fun but we should all be so lucky
I'm not putting him down
no no I just did not recognize him yeah
yeah that was I I recognized Paul Reiser
but I think I've seen him in something
recently where he did look a little
older so I was I was prepared for that
I guess I'm younger than you guys cuz I
can only think of Lord of the Rings
yeah I'm Goonies yeah oh nice forever
Goonies he's great as Sam we got lots of
love for Sam wise but you know forever
Goonies
he'll forever be that one guy who showed
up once in the Ascension millennium
music video that's what he will be if
you remember the essentially I didn't
know any of my ways I can leave I'm done
here
get off this rock we're going a new
double sucks we're going to new Dunc
spoilers over yet oh no this is the rest
of the night yeah they come up they come
up sorry no I ant walls weren't bad
could've been like a couple weeks right
one no it's fine it's fine one and a
half weeks why didn't you watch turns
your things season two yet I think is
what I'm saying we gave you all sorts of
warnings I you know yeah if by the way
and if you have Netflix what at what
else has there been man like Thor just
came out this week and that's only a
movie there what else have you been
watching yeah we're kind of at all
spoilers all the time I'm trying to I'm
trying to think of uh of just other
things that I liked or or really
disliked about the season most of it
m-most ago we covered already I'd be I
would be perfectly happy if they didn't
make any more
I felt I felt the decline in this and I
liked the ending enough where it's like
okay the kids are happy I can imagine
them being happy and figuring their shit
out I want it to end right now oh I like
that they're not ending their seasons
with horrible cliffhangers yeah
a mild ones
maybe like the end question bar so the
end yeah okay they do more I won't be
against it yeah at this point I don't
know I could see it I could see it
turning bad and I don't want it to we'll
see
and if it does use ignore it because Dan
sees do how that's the ending
you can't man you care you can I can't a
Stephen Dustin spin-off okay now you're
talking
I know really I just want Steve I just
want Steve walking around being a good
guy and fucking up all the time
fucking Steve he's the greatest yeah
don't jump that shark like I would love
to see them just call it right now we
did really good
let the tougher brothers who are good
just make a new show make a new show
guys
it's going yeah well and that's the
other thing is these are all child
actors who are getting older and we
don't know we don't know a lot about you
know they're awkward years and is it
gonna be weird when they look older
let's just call it let's call it now
rich call it now while it's still okay I
because it has an ending already if they
fuck up season three I'm perfectly
willing to ignore season three if it's
bad and they can make season three I'm
not I am not willing to call it I am I
like it right now I you know what I
don't want to see some three I'm at the
casino and I just won $20 I've been at
the casino for an hour and I'm up $20
I'm calling it say this is Becky it's a
bad analogy because season three isn't
going to cost you anything season three
is a free spin well no it costs you it
cost you time okay yes it cost you a
little bit of time and time is money
then don't watch season three if they if
they said you can you can have a free
spin but you have to stay at the casino
for another nine hours that's what
season three is can't win if you don't
play the game okay that's what no that's
what they say when they know you're
gonna lose that's what they wonder throw
my hat but I was stuck at a fire hydrant
I didn't want to shoot at
you know the the the less you have of
something the less holes you can poke in
it and I'm really comfortable with where
stranger things is at the moment so I
would love to see them just call it here
i pentium nightmares welcome all right
so oh you know what and we've been
talking stranger things so much I've
been completely ignoring tips my
apologies shit happens
shit happens doctor lube it up says
listening in the car again so no
half-open what did i do what did you do
I I did all the bad things so now half
in the bag for me until later going to
the farm today when Jack says he grew up
on a farm I know his pain Internet up
there is awful so last stream for a
while
very sorry about that I know like I have
some family members who still live kind
of out in the country ish area and they
like they tell me their internet woes
I'm like how do you live man did you see
how an incredibly dickish that thing I
just did was no what'd you just do I
just mind raped a couple of goombahs
okay made them walk off cliff and then
jumped out of them Wow and it's like
here's the thing the good the goombahs
technically they're the bad guys and so
you know we can't feel too sorry for
them
Mario is fucking stone cold bastard Mars
kind of a monster this episode who's the
real monster Mario
yeah but Bowser just wants a life he
wants a wife and you know ki maybe some
more ki Bowser kids to be fair he's not
all that concerned with consent what no
in fact just the opposite yeah he knows
she has said that well I get you know
what have we ever heard Pete say no well
she's screaming for help the entire time
and Olli right no you're right that's
right you're right I'm sorry
you're right
goombahs mushrooms their mushroom people
yeah
actually in isn't in the first market
like aren't the goombas like the
inhabitants of the mushroom came here is
the disturbing thing yeah it's not the
goombas it's the bricks that's right
that's what it was in the original Mario
well no but aren't they also turned into
goombahs like Goomba Zen bricks I don't
think there's any mention of that the
bricks that you're smashing are the
people you spend you spend most of Mario
one murdering the Mushroom Kingdom
that's true
in Japan goombahs are kuriboh which
relates to their word for chestnut it's
sort of a pun in Japanese all right
great
according to these super mario brothers
manual goombahs are traitorous mushroom
people
oh gosh ray turists a traitorous but
they're not transformed they're not
innocent right okay so so it's okay to
mind rape them and make them walk off a
cliff so you can jump around the tank so
you can jump slightly further way to go
rich and you know what shy guy site also
has a decent point here a shy guys site
says if my friend turns into a brick I'm
going to assume it's over for them at
that point
wow that's cold you're not gonna hold
out any hope like you suddenly turn into
a pile of bricks what my first thought
is gonna be oh well sure your first
that's gonna be ah but not I need to
find somebody who can you know you think
I'd turn into a brick maybe somebody can
turn back I don't know yeah here I'll
just keep these pile of bricks in this
nice row over here oh and I'll make them
float in the air so and everyone will
know there's something weird
no one will break these yeah yeah
traitorous to whom traitor is too peach
in the mush peach to Princess Peach sold
out to Bowser yup Bowser the Koopa King
yeah King Koopa if you will and of
course you will
hello we get Johnston welcome to the
stream let's see here where are we
anonymous says I think you guys worry
too much worry too much people care more
about stranger things to review than a
Thor review thought I would say you
should have Jeon I thought though I will
say you should have J on upload a half
in the bag live on stream just to
complete the mean like J will come on
stream on the laptop click publish on a
video and then leave that's actually not
a bad idea I think that's pretty funny I
like that I actually like that one let's
see here John 1089 says hi guys thanks
for working hard to fix the stream audio
here's some money
yes J probably sabotage you for faster
views on half in the bag that tiny
bastard yeah rich and I know the game we
know the name of the game here which is
get your review up as fast as possible
we don't get early copies of games Mike
and J don't get to see movies early to
get a review out when other people's
reviews this is very true normally
reviews come out on Friday but you know
the day a movie opens in theaters that's
when you want your review out if you
know anything about proper video
placement and topical videos that
YouTube actually has a bunch of really
helpful tips about this is there is a
hype cycle it goes like this
no oh way down oh you caught yourself
great there's a hype cycle there's a
hyper amp it ramps up until the date of
the thing and then sharply drops and so
if you are making any sort of topical
video the closer you are to the point
the better you don't want to be too soon
you don't want to make your video
too early about a topical event you want
to get it right before the event happens
to capitalize on views but because we
don't get anything early we can't ever
do that and so for us it's just trying
to catch that tail as much as possible
and it's the same for Jin Ling so hey
the movie came out on Friday they got
their review up by Sunday good for them
good for them don't let us get in your
way guys but I mean maybe wait a couple
hours you know it's fine shit shit
happens
of course I mean you dumb a stranger to
talk in general I mean it might come up
here and there no come come up here in
there I'm trying to think of anything
else that stood out to me bothered me I
enjoyed immensely
yeah controller aiming my weakness yeah
your thing I'm still aiming with a
controller which sucks well yeah hey
you're thinking no look you did it
perfect what was the verdict on Max and
Billy I liked as far as characters go I
liked Billy more like alright I don't
know
they added enough to this season my
panel Oh Billy was great
he was the Ditka the dickhead teenager
he was great I don't I don't hate their
characters just the season wasn't
focused as it was there's new people on
top of nothing else that's going on I
don't think I I don't think max got a
fare I think max had a raw deal her
character did not have a lot to do and
gods like running through molasses I
hate it
her character didn't have a lot to do
and she was she was more she was more
plot device than character like I had
the boy the boys want to impress her if
she handed something to a main plot that
was fine but she she didn't right that's
what I'm saying like she did she just
didn't have a ton to do like maybe
enough a father worked at the Hawkins or
something sure that would be nice
and you know and you know he's an
abusive father and then the boys got to
like stick it to him by like making it
look like he broke in or something yeah
I know sure that'd be great
but yeah you know fine yes
I loved I just loved how over the top
Billy was yeah like he wasn't just an
asshole he was a fine villain he was a
hyper asshole the sports car the the the
womanizer the you know he's into his
hair steve was the king of the school oh
not anymore this badass is coming in
that's scene with him and Mike's mom
just cemented my love for him just just
hitting on the mom where are we at on
time how quickly am I making it through
this game
give me one yeah I'll tell you we have
been streaming for two hours and 15
minutes all right all right halfway done
right no a little less a little less
than halfway but it's it's probably
possible to beat the game in maybe six
hours I'm sure their speed runs done but
been done by now or will be they'll be
quick nothing quick runs in this game oh
sure
Jack thought Billy was fine he also he
was you know I'm saying
you're going to slow your biddies you're
blaming them for you not being able to
jump rope alright let's see here
anonymous says just because something
doesn't fit into the world that doesn't
mean it's bad rich Evans doesn't fit
into the world into the human world and
we all love them rich Evans you are
beyond human you are more human than
human doing grey rich am I am I really
we're saying speedruns for the game
right now are around one and a half
hours that's impressive
get stuck get the moon start go go go
what's my favorite thing in the world
Oh lots of things are my favorite thing
in the world
Pauline first before the musician thing
starts right yeah she needs the band to
come and play it a thing let's see here
the blue prism says hey guys I felt like
most kingdoms in this game were a bit a
bit too small in my opinion am I crazy
we're not crazy I agree with you well
some of them were but not all of them
you dodge pretty big Seaside's pretty
big desert towns pretty big yeah
mushroom kingdoms first sized yeah like
for me like it doesn't matter about the
size it just matters about like you know
depth density density and it's like but
you know like this puzzle in particular
this challenge in particular it's not
necessarily puzzles where she's like hey
I need musicians to come and play at my
show where could they be and there's
like literally a drummer with it you are
looking at a drummer right now look for
him let me at least go look for him
pa
yeah I believe good yes every flip you
flip flip let's see here LJ Travis is
taking a break from a thesis work
tonight thanks for making me laugh
tonight you are welcome are they are
they welcome I don't know jack I don't
know if I can concur with that
what here we go Brown Adam Sandler says
open open nope sorry sorry how about
Hyuk nup says since you want to be on
stranger things what did you think about
the Max and Billy Ark that was cut I
don't remember what that was honestly I
don't remember I did not watch it what
was the max Billy storyline that was cut
a chat someone tell me someone tell me I
never played bioshock infinite I'm sorry
it's all right
it gets repetitive after a while and
then story well it's neat by the end it
gets so full of itself I'm getting a lot
of people saying incest I don't remember
that at all honestly I don't
yeah might not have been paying
attention when they were talking about
that but I had no recollection I'm sorry
okay yeah no um okay Brown Adam Sandler
says while I disagree with you about
Episode seven I felt even more so than l
Mike had nothing to do oh I thought even
more so than L Mike had absolutely yes
to do
he was basically the protagonist of
season 1 and I was upset with his
character this season Oh had stuff to do
it was just stuff that had to do with L
and Elle's problems and not with the
lame tunnel thing right L had stuff to
do I agree though Mike had nothing to do
right oh yeah I meant pout ll found her
mom she learned about it showers about
it no L had L had lots of stuff to do
Mike on the other hand fully agree was
was a full-blown sticking bud whoa what
the fuck do you do with Mike right as a
kid he is at the end of it he's just a
kid right what you do with Mike is whoa
nice save
oh wait is there something I want is
what you do with Mike is have a cohesive
story that everyone is working towards
again instead of everyone after a rocky
fuck shit but can you can you do that
again I don't know
I guess the end of the day I don't care
about like that much just don't guys he
sees his Elevens love interest
haha he's the damsel is the his you
might you might have just had a
revelation right mike is the damsel in
distress of season 2
stranger things yeah you know we've said
that about a well isn't the damsel will
is uh will is possessed
well has something going on he's
fighting the demon within him guys and
then he's someone that needs to be saved
yes it's true but it's also true of Mike
yeah but at least will has something
interesting happened to him while he
needs to be right sure I'm not gonna
argue that it wasn't a weak season for
Mike I just I don't know that I give a
shit haha
listen Mike was there to to give al some
motivation and L is the one we care
about yeah and so she okay she's the
superhero yeah she's not she's the whole
the whole reason this shows the hit know
that that little girl in a dress eat
Legos that little ball girl a dress I
wish they didn't turn the echo thing
into what just a complete fucking joke
they've run that soul into the ground
that comes up four times an episode yeah
not just there goes if one reference is
while they needed in the seasons one I'm
with you not three in episode but
everybody like the echo is rich they
love the ENGOs the thing down just like
they liked the mom with the doing the
thing around her house I think we can't
do that in season three Joyce does
something weird to house you've done it
twice it can't happen again this is why
I'm worried about season three already
there have already shown their their
downward spiral saying that season three
is terrible no it's easy to ignore it
easy to ignore it
oh my god what was that that was a jump
but he hit a corner yeah if it had hit
that he hit the corner are supposed to
jumping over the corners we want me to
do that fuck off next up in a big way
why am I even doing this
there we are that makes so much more
sense Jack do you think what a weird
question the long flowing this is a
shock here that we look at weird
questions Jack do you think a man's
attitude determines to a large extent
hold on I wanna I want to get this right
because it's such an odd noise sure why
not kid Jack see I think a man's
attitude determines to a large extent
how his life will be rich what do you
think what do you think about attitude
and what it has to do with how you use
what you achieve in the world how
wealthy are the your parents that's
pretty big factor too that's probably
that's probably the single greatest
factor how wealthy were your parents I
think I might be in total agreeance with
rich here there are basically saying
there are bigger factors to whether or
not a person will succeed in life but I
do think that attitude does does do
something yes I've gone relatively far I
have a shitty attitude you have a
comedic ly shitty attitude rich that's a
whole different ball game that's a whole
you have a marketable shitty attitude
but but there are there are larger
factors at play here but I do think a
good attitude will help you I think in
many instances a good attitude will help
you more than more than it will hurt you
and a bad attitude will hurt you so you
know but as bluntly as rich put it there
there are other there are other factors
that that
are more important where you grew up
how rich your parents be that's it Bob
had a good attitude and succeed in that
life that's true
no he quite he quite explicitly failed
at life what did what he wanted to do
with his life is protect those around
him and he did that rich yeah but he did
that by failing at life dying is quite
technically failing at life jack
that's great anonymous says I was really
annoyed that they didn't show who won
the big upcoming election Reagan or
Mondale they should have cleared that up
and stranger things wake up wake up
computer does anyone else think Joyce
should have sacrificed herself and had
no life as a Sarah Sarah good parent no
no no no that definitely should not have
happened I don't necessarily think that
Bob should have died but you know you
need someone to die
you need someone yeah yeah you need
someone that you care about to die they
almost was down at the last minute I
know that oh yeah that's the right call
got a half maybe we'll never know we'll
never know maybe they could have found
something amazing for him to do in
season three we don't know master maybe
he'll come back in season three and it
would be a big whoa now you can't they
ate him I did they ate his guts
yeah they did eat his guts right
Joyce is great
one owner rider is is fantastic and even
though she was repeating a lot of the
same notes as season one they were still
good notes did a lot of the same thing
when wills in trouble again yeah you
know yeah you know I I'm go I'm coming
to the concert because I like the hits
rich how else do dragged Joyce into a
monster problem though other than
jeopardizing her son's life she's a mom
she just stay home and let other people
handle it right actually that's what I
would love in season three is like it
doesn't have anything to do with her but
people keep coming up to her and like
asking her to help and she's like no I'm
not getting involved because that might
hurt my son you're the fucking sheriff
hopper yeah listen I know we have this
thing where we're friends and maybe more
than friends sometimes but
Oh No
Oh Pauline Mario why are you with Paige
you fucking moron look at what you could
have had Mario though to be fair like
that's the whole reason she's putting on
the show is to show Mario what he could
have had so I think he's got a chance or
this is just her rubbing it in no way
this I hope it was worth that wait wait
go back go back there's a quick-moving
up there go on top of those okay quick
moon are you no problem
I didn't notice this one when you were
streaming this
you don't have deja vu I am playing I
didn't play this last time Jack yeah and
I just seem like an easy game to play
while also having a stranger think
spoilers discussion this this is uh it
can be a pretty mindless game so I think
it was the right call
even though we did play this level but
rich is almost out of it already
let's hear John 1089 says hey did you
expect xi would learn love made her
stronger than focusing on pain to close
the crack with pain and think of the car
convo with hopper and go super sand
maybe that would not have been out of
place maybe like the very end it's nice
the angers not enough yeah thinking
about its thinking about will and uh
it's it's love it's love that's the true
power they might have had that idea but
dismissed it for being just too cheesy
like whoa whoa whoa that crosses the
line even for us right yeah yeah
that's it's a door it's a door they hang
out in from fit also what's the size
comparison to Pauline peach right yeah
cuz peach is taller than Mario but not
by that much
Pauline is ridiculous wearing high heels
Jack she's I'm saying she's an Amazon
try kid Jack what think about him how
many times does Mario fallen from
extreme Heights that that man has no
cartilage anymore
my I used to be three feet taller
fucking falls out of airships on a daily
basis polina it's me oh my god what
happened
I didn't recognize you might use it used
to be taller what happened here case
been punched by Bowser hang on it I I
constantly get my ass handed to me by by
monsters it's swollen beyond recognition
Jesus Mario I had no idea so you're
leaving again right please please leave
again no Pauline a peach she just wants
a kick I need I need a real woman
Pauline she wants a cake I need the
sugar you know you know as I say she's
all peaches and no cream I think she can
still sing it for a little bit after
this you need to stop mid lyric guy give
you gotta give you your moods van Jack
made a fight listen I got one joke in me
and that was it and I'm done I'm done
for the rest of the night
let's see here
miss toots says guys earlier someone
thought the duffer brothers might be rlm
fans in episode 7 I noticed the word
Grabowski spray painted on a wall just
saying no no then this early means that
no but Dabrowski's a pretty common name
I think especially like they're kind of
Midwest II nice polish name that's the
Chicago polish name only it means
anything
yeah it's not impossible but alright I
needed to nab two quick moves okay oh
there's one if you see those tall
buildings right there oh it's a ton of
them in the city
oh yeah I just know I know where there's
one literally in a pile of garbage
alright works for is enough it's on top
of these buildings these oh you can also
do this taxicab one you have to oh yeah
yeah it's a my undraped Batman and I've
done this and drive his remote-control
car into the moon I'm terrible
this controls don't
you have a terrible at this
all right so where's this garbage pail
on top of the roof good get up on these
buildings these buildings are those
that's up there somewhere put this
somewhere
so much stuff to climb a new dog city oh
there it is see that glowing pile of
garbage that's how much they think of
your treasures it's literally in a pile
of garbage it's fine
technically it's in the vent Jack oh
sure it's just under all the garbage
somebody didn't know the moon was in the
vent and they put garbage over there
besides I don't care about the
collecting stuff I care is it fun to
jump around and do the things sir the
collecting stuff can just be tedious and
annoying look yeah I think and the fact
that most of it is optional doesn't
bother me
yeah man which is why the purple coins
annoy me because you need to find all of
the purple coins if you want to get all
the stuff yeah but that is equally
optional this stuff adds something his
outfits are adorable yeah yeah I agree
what do we think of the Jonathan and
Nancy Ark they were dumb what they were
dumb they were dumb that's big risk a
lot of risk for a lot of little for what
going outing the company yeah and made
sense it made sense for them I I did I
love like just Barb's weirdo family
eating KFC every night was was it a
mistake in season one obviously at the
time I kind of loved that scene and it a
lot of tension it was a great scene when
the the the cafeteria got Benny good
shot you remember that the cafeteria the
guy who ran the diner and found l11 to
begin with oh okay okay yeah he calls
child services and then Child Services
comes in shoots him in the head right
all he did was fucking c11 yeah and they
shoot him in the head now they're
letting everyone else sign NDA's and
they could just walk away
yeah but that was hoppers doing ah what
did you shoot hopper in the fucking head
and - yeah but they need they need it
would see it to me that made perfect
sense they have a town that's getting
out of control
so if they can control if they can stop
the hemorrhaging and have someone to
town trusts to be their point man on
cover alright alright but then all right
that's the whole that's the whole
shebang man that's the whole shebang
like like a season one it kind of drives
me nuts when they capture hopper and
they just bring him home
they trace me nuts after they shot Benny
all he did was see 11 hoppers breaking
into their evil lab he's seeing their
weird portal to another dimension and he
knows about their kids and they just let
him go well there's one difference yeah
hoppers the main character I understand
that I understand that what's that
what's the Hitchcock quotient there
there is a reason why in my movies no
one goes and calls the police because it
would be boring there is a reason
characters act foolishly because that's
what the movies about ya know they saw
an opportunity you know like and I I did
like actually that little bit of
world-building worth it you know like
they found a way to like convince the
parents and the kids like oh oh it's for
our country oh yeah sure him it all made
sense
it worked for those characters to try
and expose the government but at the
same time I thought it was
extraordinarily stupid sure sure
that's hey that's something sometimes
that happens why cuz the plot needs to
move forward and this is our main
character we've already paid this actor
to be in the whole series we can't come
I'm talking about dancing Jonathan in
season 2 with the attempted expose
oh it seemed like so part of me really
liked that because it was fun for them
it made sense for them it made sense for
them the part of me that doesn't like it
is season 1 I think had a really strong
focus of even when we were with the
adults everything seemed to be from a
very childlike perspective uh-huh
and I liked that like even when we were
with the mom when we were with Winona
Ryder she was doing weirdo things like
answering the phone and hanging up
Christmas lights like that's very
childlike very mystical right ok season
2 things get a little older in their
perspective and of course they are older
so it makes sense but like ah going to
see the private investigator going to
the big city these are things that that
loses some of the wonder of stranger
things and I think that's part of the
reason why I feel like season 2 isn't as
good as season 1
Mike's dad gives no fucks Oh Mike's dad
great characters sure no force oh look
at these guys rich look at these guys
look at these adorable little puff balls
they're great Mike's dad is great he
doesn't give a fuck his kids are at home
anymore and I think he's kind of happy
about that
yeah where's Mars my kids I don't know
they're not in the house so I don't care
that was just a childhood way back when
you you could run around the
neighborhood
a Halloween used to exist oh you're
crazy just cuz you don't see it doesn't
mean it don't exist classic 80s yeah
yeah just just classic don't give a fuck
your wife's upstairs reading romance
novels having having young teenage boys
come and gawk at her in her bathroom
he's just sleeping on a chair it's great
it's great I forgot about that what'd
you do I forgot about the wind
I didn't like Dustin saying motherfucker
to his mom
I don't remember Justin saying
motherfucker to his mom I had a
relationship though that that was cute
and adorable and they can get away with
that Dustin and his mom yeah oh yeah
yeah that whole thing works
Oh oh yeah you'd have to take his wife
right you know what I forgot for a
moment that you could take them over I
forgot that you could mind rape the
sentient clown yeah you can mind rape
anything send shit except for those guys
nope oh nice house great save oh my oh
my god that's fine no that's not fine
wasted that great save
what about Elevens mom oh yeah I like I
like that whole thing I didn't quite
understand the aunt's rationale the aunt
believed after seeing 11 no no sorry
sorry to be more specific I didn't
understand why the aunt started calling
government people after 11 was there
again I you know what do you do because
the plot needed to make sense but like
she has now seen firsthand that like 11
can talk to her sister
and there is some weirdo stuff happening
government conspiracies are real so I
think I'll just call the government all
right they needed 11 to leave the end
right yeah yeah I get that you know
there's a there's a moon on top of that
building on top of that archway right
there
my god
she tried to call hopper and then when
she couldn't get ahold of hopper she
called a different government number and
that's what tipped him off wait was she
just on the phone with the government or
was she on the phone with the the
Hawkins Police Department whatever it
was it made eleven leave right well she
didn't want to talk to hopper at that
point either eleven was kind of running
from him to this other old man who was
kind of mean to her and keeping her
locked up but I guess like I heard
calling anyone doesn't make any sense
because she knows that conspiracies are
real what is she gonna do just raise
this kid now the to shave comb hopper
makes fair amount of sense red raccoon
there's there's a lot of good games on
the switch and if you add all play any
games portably if you like playing any
game on the go I think it's worth it if
you don't have a wii u it's 100% worth
it for breath of the wild ace of the
wild is a gorgeous game that people
should play it's it's great that's worth
it and now there's a bunch of of other
games that I think are totally worth it
yes I didn't finish Twin Peaks I saw a
couple episodes and it wasn't for me the
newest series season of Twin Peaks if
you're asking me to compare stranger
things to season one in season two of
Twin Peaks that's a apples and oranges
type situation there my friend two very
different shows
do I think season 2 was a lot less scary
than season one that is a decent
question yeah it didn't have the mystery
would she care about horror that's the
question I don't yeah I think that's a
fair question I loved I really liked the
the giant shadow monster form
I liked that just just a a being that
you can't see a booth er yeah I didn't
necessarily understand how it could then
like go inside of of people are like a
dust monster but I did like the big
unseen form I like that
visually sure everything else about it I
don't know yeah you're not a fan of like
the hive mind thing I thought that was a
much there's a hive mind that wanted to
build tunnels you wanted to say I know I
know
tunnels thing was just weird to me I why
just saying the shadows around when you
need tunnels for us shadows they're
building tunnels the tunnels have bombs
and other tunnels the tunnels killed
they killed huggins whatever by the way
it would have been great if they only
kill pumpkins like oh my god the trees
the grass the apple orchards oh no all
those are fine just the pumpkins oh yeah
I guess we can live without pumpkins
that's fine
no it killed all life around Dunwich it
killed the trees that brought maggots
everywhere it was death fighting to kill
the maggots uh-huh
wanting to kill the maggots I'm sure it
would kill the maggots next but the
maggots are eating off of the desk oh
you prick have time to get on either of
those hats go get on the Hat
I you know what I have no particular
love of pumpkin anything yeah I'll put
that out there I don't care for pumpkin
pie okay you know once a year I kind of
enjoyed carving them but I care not for
pumpkin anything I'm not a huge fan of
pumpkin beer I've had a pumpkin soup
that was alright once but I care not
excuse me I care not for pumpkin if
someone if someone told me oh oh my god
a horrible tragedy just happened and all
the pumpkins in the entire world
disappear to go that changes my life in
zero way right so I think I'm with you
there yeah I'm eating a mimic made
jack-o'-lanterns - sure sure but that
can be replaced with like foam yeah
plastic you know okay pumpkin seeds are
alright sure but you know so are
sunflower seeds so our nuts in general
salted nuts
all right let's see what we got doo doo
doo moon stars rainbows as mario just
kind of all set for a Lucky Charms
crossover huff hardens says hey great
thoughts on episode 7 Oh No
do the dive nothing I love how the
series took Paul Reiser's character and
went away from the 80s scientists
stereotype at the end I felt episode 7
was too 80s predictable in story what do
you mean 80s what does the 80s
predictable mean we're talking about
we're talking about a TV series that
exists to be an homage to 80s movies and
you're complaining because they have
done a different style of 80s movie in
this show that is a homage to 80s movies
word super word
oh noes they put a trope on top of my
show filled with tropes ah but it's a
different kind I get
goddamnit I hate this part I get it I
get what people are upset but I just I
don't I I legitimately don't it is
tonally it's different and it stops the
story in its tracks so xi can catch up
I'm not saying they can't get upset and
do whatever you want I just I don't get
it though it's totally different and it
stops the story completely it has
positive benefits to doing so I thought
the story that they stopped was kind of
blah right it has positive benefits but
it does stop the story and generally
that can be a bad thing we'll never know
if the Punkins survives for the better
think of the lattes rich the pumpkin
spice lattes I know I know as for
showing yeah there's one day if you up
there what did rich and Jack think of
dart I hated dark we thought that Dustin
was uncharacteristically stupid the
Holly kids were uncharacteristically
stupid no they they had their shit
together in season one and you know of
course they were kids and they were dumb
you know bringing a slingshot to fight
the demagogue and sure but that was
still you know that was kid logic
so I was ok with it but yeah I think I
think I think Dustin the friending dart
wasn't the worst thing the the lying to
the friends thing that other part and
then dart coming back in in full what
did they call him dog a Gorgon yeah demo
dog demo dog in full demagogue form
remembering Dustin was a little lame I'm
gonna allow it because of course like
we've mentioned the show is filled with
kind of lame things but and Demma dog
demo dog yeah it's a it's one of those
classic set up payoff situation it came
back past to guess it's for possibly
because they leave right alright let's
see here the off switch said thoughts on
hopper not doing his normal police work
ie not punching his way to the answers I
didn't think he punched one person I
know yeah yeah like I said hopper didn't
didn't head didn't do much this season
is kind of useless he's investigating
them pumpkins you got to be badass for
those assault rifle at the end you know
I didn't notice they shoved in a box in
his place labeled Vietnam so now he's a
bad as Nam vet that's fine that's cool
they well they needed they needed
I tell me the small town police guy just
suddenly knows how to use a rifle you
know yeah right
yeah and they hinted it and they did
they that was more than just the box cuz
like when he was talking you know at
first when they diagnosed will with PTSD
oh sure like he he talked about oh yeah
I have known the dudes yes it all makes
sense it was fine
hopper did not succeed with the assault
rifle if you remember the demagogues got
too distracted eating Bob turneth very
unknown he was kind of hold them off
while L was doing her thing
they had their their bunnyhop moment oh
yeah but he didn't kill any of the demo
dogs the bullets just pushed them off of
the platform they were on I'd have to
rewatch that oh hey this is Ian his
badass moment yes oh okay I I saw that
as they were climbing on stuff and the
bullets didn't do anything to hurt them
they just kind of knocked him off
probably not the best weapon for that
one a salt rifle well you have that
moussaka meant for piercing not shoving
you backwards I mean it's still a bullet
in a movie hmm I think this is like a
movie thing I don't think they do they
go they're designed to go through you
yeah well but they don't go through dog
the deme dog so they move them so you
just want the most things hitting them
if their force we're shoving you back as
opposed to penetrating you you wouldn't
die yeah you just get knocked back and
there's bullet bounced off of your skin
yeah but that's what I'm saying for the
for the deme dogs the bullets bounced
off so it would move oh I don't think it
would be that kind of force that would
shove him off of the platter I don't
know the movie thing there's a movie
thing that's how I took it I don't know
if he was killing the demo dogs at the
end I took it as he was just knocking
them down so
let's chat saying now they're just there
talking about the difference in bullets
and guns and them correct bullets that
he should have been using if he wanted
to do that okay they're good they're
getting into its fight but yeah that
whole that whole ending I liked died
that that was very satisfying yeah 11
you going going full super superhero
pushing back the dust the big shadow
monster who looks you know like a creepy
Cthulhu was great that whole ending was
great the the shadow monster leaving
will and going off into the stars that
was neat people had stuff to do I liked
that the the last two episodes when
everyone had a common goal that they
were working toward yes
that seemed I think can you go one more
that's a wall that's just a wall okay I
forgot never gonna be that the last two
episodes were as close as we were gonna
get to season 1 which is a bunch of
people all working towards the same goal
on different levels you got the the kids
and and Steve in the tunnels you got 11
and hopper and you got will in the
family sweating it out in the lodge it's
great
retro mania Joe I'm saying I liked the
big shadow monster
I liked the the unseeable evil I liked
that we'd never got a clear picture of
him only because when we finally got a
big clear picture of the demagogue and
it was just bad CG so I liked that we
never got a clear picture I'm just big
shadow monster the 11 makeover was great
though as a country boy just her looking
like a derpy hick I also kind of like
just like especially knowing her power
set like knowing how powerful sure I
just I liked that was it more in
character because she wouldn't care
about how she looks right right oh yeah
this is what she knows no social
construct and so I liked her looking
like a hick who was also badass but but
being being punk rock being emo 11 was
was super hilarious and I loved it I
liked this race bouncy race yeah it's
cool she didn't look like a farmer
though she's wearing overalls
that's classic fun
basically Ben Vereen yeah like I think
we all enjoyed season two but it just
wasn't it wasn't season 1 and what could
be because season 1 was all unknown what
could be still in first I don't think
you need to get any specific time just
first I get he's more of this there's
actually a neat neat racing mechanic
with the bouncing hmm I like it I like
it okay was it I have no qualms yes
season one had no expectations the
season one was almost sure but I mean
just execution-wise the season one was
focused and that's what they were
lacking in season to focus yeah and see
you know I think I've seen a lot of
people like hating on eights gang but to
me it was just like schlocky goodness
this is eighties movie
gang yes in the eighties movie TV series
or Netflix series that's that's like the
the the dumpster Punk gang the
Terminator punks Terminator punks the
the punks from a short circuit to like
the return of the Living Dead right like
this is every Punk gang in every 80s
movie and I loved him the guy with the
big mohawk was great the muscle dude
that was straight out of that was
straight out of a comic book or an 80s
movie so I thought it fit wonderfully
and I think people got a little too
comfortable with with stranger things
being like like not Ashlock and it's
like now it's just like sorry sorry if
you wanted this to be
no high-art but words it's just a tease
Punk fashion was weird
it just fits I'm sorry the police
academy punks
yes champion of the shunt that's another
great example man I like that that movie
that took place in the 70s but those
bell-bottoms just looks silly well I've
had to be warmed Oh bottoms not to play
seven doctor Pro faux says you got to
remember though that a lot of the
viewers including myself weren't alone I
want to I want to get this right weren't
actually alive during the 80s and aren't
familiar with those tropes that's not my
problem that's also not the duffer
brothers problem is that Netflix problem
that's your problem
now I get that art if art is not what
I'm just waiting for this to coalesce I
am working on it
that's a great William Shatner
impression why rich never have I seen
such a delight of stars and monsters the
this is this is a class of debate in art
rich is how how much of the art is the
artist responsible to convey and how
much is the audience responsible to
receive all right this is this classic
there's a classic old argument in the
art community but I even think beyond
knowing what an 80s Punk looks like if
you are down with the general theme of
stranger things it's not that far of a
stretch to be down with the punks yeah
it's a different kind of schlock but
it's all still sure yeah sure so even if
you have never seen any of these 80s
movies if you're okay with one aesthetic
you kinda have to be okay with the other
is Jack drunk again drunk on the cry
mother
