Episode 892
Rich's Odyssey (part 3) STRANGER THINGS 2 SPOILERS
November 8, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsDASsJdW7k
___________________________________________

is Jack drunk again drunk on the cry
motherfucker
Oh apricot she's gone mad fuck I got a
couple more cans I'm out I gotta get
more I fuckin love this stuff
water they put water in there blow into
a straw rub bubbles just blow into a
straw this is the real shit though is
they got these mixers so this is this is
cherry with lime the Lacroix and so it's
got like two different flavors it's like
a whole new world love this stuff no you
do the water one this is the water one
Wow oh wait no no no you have to be
those games I guess I wasn't close
enough I think she falls in love I was
those guys I just didn't get closer I
were to activate dirigible there was a
point where I would agree with you and
say that I couldn't stand Lacroix but I
fucking love this stuff it is addicting
as hell and a great replacement for soda
or beer I will have to try carbonated
water it is a potential replacement for
syrup rich it does wonders man
especially this stuff these tall cans
with the different flavors whoo oh boy
that would just I think you just didn't
like the flavors what didn't you
complain about the flavors earlier there
there's a there's something that's
called propel Fitness water that is
flavored water but it doesn't it's not
carbonated until oh okay it's not
something different it's just like it's
it basically tastes like super watered
down juice and it's not enough flavor
this is enough flavor
totally different holding the button why
isn't the capstan whatever is fine all
there in the butt
why is your date set for October 10th
what date what are you talking about
what are you talking about what the fuck
you talking about your switch system
date oh I I was probably fucking around
with it for Zelda amiibo Shen oh to get
them ages ago to get the the Twilight
Princess outfit I fucking hate that you
were hacking
Jameer and Kings as rich I always
thought Chakotay from Voyager was an
alien because of the marks on his face
turns out it's just a tattoo
yep that's his thing he has a culture
he's a Native American he has a poorly
thought-out culture that is his his
culture is Native American but like all
the worst stereotypes of Native American
like I know how to heal with herbs I
must go on the vision quest I've been
watching um the the new season of Dirk
Gently yeah which is on BBC America and
right before Dirk Gently Voyager plays
really and so on all my DVRs of Dirk
Gently I catch like the last two minutes
Voyager I'm shocked Voyager plays on
anything and so like I always try to
like remember the episode and see what
dumb things they did it's great it's
great I really like Dirk Gently I'm
coming I'm coming around to it more I
think it has some problems overall but
more and more I'm coming or I'm coming
around to it specifically Dirk himself I
don't much care for the actor who's
portraying Dirk he's a little too like I
know Dirk is supposed to be this like
whimsical man who's not altogether in
his head but I always thought like Dirk
had a plan and the actor who portrays
Dirk Gently makes it seem like nobody
has a plan ever and he's just along for
the ride then I got the cosmic ride so I
don't quite like how he plays Dirk but
I'm coming around to him but overall I
like the show I like the show and yes
sometimes the writing is a little too
max landis it's like max you got to
settle down for some of the episodes but
overall I like Dirk
all right let's see here valiant blood
shopped says do you guys agree with Mike
that theaters need to die I
wholeheartedly agree they're annoying
smelly gross and frustrating if you
don't get a good seat I'd rather pay
more to watch it at home I stopped short
of saying need to but I won't care if
they do but I'm not I'm not sitting
around wringing my hands waiting for it
to happen
hello one of these days one of these
days I'll get my room that's coming it's
coming
just you wait and see oh yeah no I don't
think theaters need me personally I
don't think theaters need to die I think
they are doing a very good job at
adapting and that's what I think they
need to do I think fevers need to adapt
for example a lot of the big theater
chains here in Wisconsin you pick your
seat out ahead of time you buy your
tickets pick your seat out I love that I
love to sign seating I do Jim I love
that they have big comfy chairs that you
can recline big arm rests I love the
theater going experience I love watching
a movie with a crowd I think that has
the potential to heighten the experience
though I know sometimes you have a you
have a bad time you got you got the
asshole who's eating crackers right next
to you you got people like slurp in the
last little bits of soda that could ruin
a movie potentially but I like going to
see movies at a movie theater
I also like watching movies at home it's
perfect
did ragnerok meet the hype yes Ragnarok
is very good you did a perfect bridge
Ragnarok is very very good good comedic
Direction fine action sequences overall
a very good I have not also not seen the
half in the bag yet but that's just my
that's my quick review very good movie
go see it recommend
well that's the other thing wishcraft
for you to says a lot of the best moves
are made specifically with the big
screen in mind as we are transitioning
to more movies on Netflix more movies
for the home viewing experience people
who produce these movies needs to take
that into account having spoken to
people who have made movies for movie
theaters and Netflix it's actually very
different in the editing process you
have to think about you have to think
less about reaction time and more about
small little significant shots and you
don't have to worry about like pausing
for laughter stuff like that they're
editing a movie for the theater is very
different than editing a movie for home
viewing experience and I think that's
very interesting there is her she blows
I was worried that it was too comedic
that everyone was going to be the comic
relief no no actually you know the I
think the goofiest person in the movie
is Thor and and I think that tyka I want
to say this how you pronounce the name
Tyco what TV I think he does a really
good job of using his humor sparingly
like with James Gunn and his Guardians
movies you could see the joke coming a
mile away
I always felt like you knew exactly when
a James Gunn joke moment was gonna
happen but in thor ragnarok a lot of
them caught me very off guard so which
is what you want
but I liked it
I'm not gonna I'm trying not to spoil
for I'm not gonna I'm just saying I like
that
let's see here Lando
we're not talking we're not talking any
spoilers no spoilers in chat even if you
tag it with spoilers please chat
Thor Ragnarok that just came out give
people some time give people some time
we'll talk about it at thank you
uncles Porky's his random question as
Wisconsinites how do you feel about the
Dells and house on the rock never been
their house on the rock I don't know
that I've been there I've also never
been the house on the rock
what's house of the land it's a house on
a rock I think it might be a Frank Lloyd
Wright house oh no no but but it's a
literally the Dells and I drove my some
old church that was up on a giant hill
once enough that's that might be Holy
Hill not necessarily the Dells
you're not from around here no not
really
the the Dells growing up around here the
Dells was the fucking bomb as an adult
around here I want nothing to do with
the Dells at all there's too many people
and I hate him I hate all of them your
years ago many many years before I lived
up here I went on vacation with Karin to
the dulse we went in August thought you
know August won't be great I never got
above 56 getting rained every day yeah
that happened was great for all those
water parks it was kind of useless but
it was great for the the go-kart place
yeah when it was fucking abandoned like
not a line for anything idea of course
they had yep yeah there's there's some
good to be had in the Dells but
depending on where you go we took it we
took a trip to one of the like the
bigger water parks that has a hotel
attached and it was an indoor water park
and so like you know weather didn't
matter and you know that African place
have got their call
that would kalahari yeah yeah I might
have been caller or like the wilderness
here's one of those I forget which one I
forget which one and it doesn't matter
because it was awful just so many people
were packed into such a tight space and
it was indoors and I just smelt everyone
and chlorine it smelt like a hundred
people in chlorine and I hated every
moment
but there's some good to be had there
like like we said there's a there's a
go-kart place that has like eight not
Mount Olympus big go-kart tracks that's
pretty great
the duck rides are fun they have a big
amphibious vehicles and take down a
little ride no those are cool there's
some neat stuff to be in the buzz was it
one new jersey water park where the
eleven went wait where the kids died and
they had crazy dangerous rides I didn't
hear about anybody dying there I'm not I
wouldn't be shocked if it happened I
think the park had talking about is
action park okay it's just a notoriously
dangerous theme park
okay but no one before poor safety
standards they might have I don't know I
don't want to heard about that action
park but I mean wouldn't be shocking if
I didn't hear about it I didn't lived
here there are you telling me you're not
up to date on New Jersey theme parks she
just seemed footage of some water slide
they had and they shut down I was just
so comically ridiculous okay cool
all right let's see here Lando was taken
says how's about a little stranger
things season two on set gossip the
duffer's wanted to make season three and
four back-to-back got but got push back
because season two wound up having a
very troubled production really alright
alright you dealing with a lot of actors
and a lot of ego you gotta wait for the
vibration the vibration doesn't work for
me you have to wait for it to kick in
walk around
and the closer you get the more vibrate
had nothing nothing still nothing
nothing more nothing nothing nothing
nothing no vibration nothing nada zip
nope nope none none of it not feeling a
thing no vibration no vibration no
vibration no vibration no vibration no
vibration nope none not a hint of shake
nothing nothing zero vibration no
vibration at all no vibrations no
vibrations no vibrations no vibrations
no vibrations if there is say I believe
I check this once because I've wondered
right my vibrations were off that's ok
great and they were on rumble strength
the normal use rumble on controllers I
don't see an option for it here yeah
interesting system settings maybe maybe
this is it oh there you go that's
probably editor all right I'll waste my
battery for a second because I'm fucking
have to for this annoying vibration shit
and then I could turn that back off so I
don't needlessly waste my battery
all that wasted juice you can do a rich
I hate vibrations so much
oh my getting a fake-out even with the
vibration out of these controllers last
long long and I'd rather have them last
longer and not have the stupid fucking
vibration wow that's totally fair let's
see her doctor lube it ups his last tip
saw a Blade Runner and Thor last week
Blade Runner good has louder noises and
vista's yep right so many Vista's Thor
good has goth cate blanchett super camp
Jeff Goldblum Kiwi rock monsters and
gladiator Hulk very succinct and I agree
with you doctor lube it up on both of
your on both of your critiques one more
quick star oh why don't we get one quick
stop yeah a quick stack we're stay
where's the shop
oh yeah it's probably one of the shop
kind of buzz is that it no no that's
locked where is the shop oh it's been
forever since I've been over here like
blade runner's sound design is actually
a unless you have a super kick-ass sound
system in your home which many people do
obviously that's actually a big plus for
me for going to see it in the theaters
where's the shop maybe it's backed by
your by your buddy I think by your ship
it's a ship shop that was a real Hey I
don't fucking know
I don't know if like it's by your ship
either ship is on the Loch Ness monster
oh yeah the monster shop thank you thank
you chat
Thank You chat yeah blah so Bladerunner
the sound worth it
get yourself a kick-ass sound system
when you watch later it's worth it cuz
you see you stepped on them and scare
them yeah yeah yeah monster scare me I
don't need that speech every time I go
to another shop I just needed the once
yep let's see what we got here yuck nup
says about the Max and Billy story arc
that was cut and fucked the chat not
incest Max was supposed to have
supernatural power what I think V is it
is your fault we have to be here scene
are still from that Oh like like she has
supernatural powers and that's why they
had to leave California in the first
place Oh too much unless she's connected
to Hawkins but then why would they go
back there too much probably a wise
thing to cut yeah yeah cuz then you have
competing teams of supernatural there's
already a lot of weirdness happening but
I could see how they would think that
maybe she was one of the numbers what
the fuck would they be doing in Hawkins
yeah then there was the made a plot
point and uh unless they were they were
from a rival company and they just
didn't know that Hawkins was doing
similar research which seems very silly
but of course the show is very soon
rich you need to shave actually I over
trim my beard oh did you yeah it's a
little too short I suppose it's shorter
than normal yeah now that you mention it
I didn't notice it first and I'm a
Clippers were set at a lower number than
I thought they were sure Oh the lunch
kingdom there all right Kingdom do the
lunch Kingdom I'd love it if I could
beat the game in once anyone's sitting I
mean you could you can theoretically I
don't know if that'll haven't said how
much is after how much is after the the
chef's kingdom here life I have no
strong recollection I'll be honest with
you I'll be honest this is my least
favorite map fire map without Fire and
Ice or color palette no I like it it's
interesting it's interesting it's weird
and I like the fork flinging gimmick
I like the fork fling that's fun and
this is actually one of the more
interesting boss battles I'll agree with
that bird vomit was was a fun boss
battle Jen I tried to shave him a beard
off like a year ago and I just looked
weird yeah now that you have it is weird
to see you without it yeah I agree I
really agree they're saying dragon boss
then Bowser's Japan Cal okay yeah we're
we're close it's pretty you're pretty
dang close man honeymoons do I need for
this world the boobies
oh you cook it never works Jack whatever
we're stupid brutal and you know fair
shot fucking moves serious question is
now the right time to upgrade to 4k TV
should I get one during taxis and it
helps with shadow effects what do you
what do you planned to watch you 4k do
you have any 4k content right is an
important question you know do you do
you pay the extra Netflix for 4k content
are you planning on streaming 4k YouTube
videos blu-ray content what it what are
you watching in 4k is that it will make
it worth it to you sports and a lot of
sports are in 4k technically I could
play Doom in 4k but I I just prefer to
play it by the desk as opposed to on the
couch for for me 4k I'm not super into
it yet so I'm probably not the right
person to help sell you want it because
I'm not salt on it personally just give
me some good color depth and a monitor
with a nice refresh rate that's all I
care about
stop catfishing goombah rich I do like
that what does the definition of catfish
I've heard this was it
it's when you when you pretend to be
someone else to like get a date okay
okay oftentimes it's unattractive people
like using pictures of attractive people
in their profile about a conversation
with someone and then as it turns out
they're unattractive they've catfished
you
now jump on his head idiot we're going
you an idiot or Mario an idiot
apples
shoulda jumped on but I needed that hurt
that's my way you fucker my 4k movies
and games that are in 4k but listen if
you have the content then I'm not I'm
not a good source for 4k information so
check out some Linus tech tip videos
he's all about 4k I'm not there yet I'm
not sold it's the future I'm not sold
it's the future Jack I like I like some
of the HDR stuff TVs are offering I like
TVs with high refresh rate obviously for
gaming purposes but I don't care about
no 4k you can cheat the crap out of this
game with a peach amiibo what does she
do what do you get for the peach amiibo
like I bet a zillion hit points maybe
you just get a ton of stars
she's gives you all the moons peach
gives you 6 hearts every time you use
her and there's no cooldown or limit to
how many times you can use her yeah that
sounds like a lot yeah that's great oh
he always comes towards me that'll make
this easy let's say do you come straight
to me yes you do
oh I that was dumb I just jump on I did
a hat thing is I'm an idiot
I did a hat thing because I'm an idiot
yeah that's what happened yeah well just
let me get some painting and he'll do a
stupid spin thing again you really want
to be badass these these by the way are
the lamest mini-bosses
he's fights a brutal what these fights a
blue a brutal brutal worth
hey what hey wait all right what do we
got here what are we gonna hear what we
got here uh let's see here huh farted
said season one killed Barb season two
Bob
I predict season three will introduce
lovable friend of Max bill or brand AB
that will be killed off sorry I couldn't
think of a be name that ended in B as
well I'm sorry I'm sorry you couldn't
think fast enough or hard enough or good
enough think harder
yeah you never got that yeah I didn't
care there you go
Sean Astin is Bob is a national treasure
oh fuck no I just grabbed the fucking
moon and I'm a badass way where I jumped
in and out of pot I hop and grab the
moon I'm fired that's exactly what he
did that was stylish that's exactly what
that was and not an accident
fiery dog poops had made the mistake of
watching Rocky Horror Picture Show
before watching the it movie all I could
imagine was this really angry gay
transvestite trying to get small
children any same feeling with other
actors like a typecasting what was Oh
have you have you ever seen the movie
kiss the girls no with Ashley Judd and
Morgan Freeman no that movie came out
right after liar liar
you remember liar liar with the the Jim
Carrey movie doesn't Jim Carrey makes
funny faces movie that's a Jim Carrey
makes funny faces movie and in that
movie there is Carrie l use most
famously known from The Princess Bride
but uh Carrie L use in liar liar plays
like the replacement dad who's kind of a
nerd and he has this thing with the
little kid and in kiss the girls spoiler
alert for kiss the girls Carrie L use is
the bad guy that like kidnaps and
tortures women but all I could picture
him as was the goofy dad and and and not
the Princess Bride guy well cuz I had
just seen liar liar like I watch them
like back-to-back and so it's just like
oh the goofy dad is kidnapping at Ashley
Judd the claw exactly you guys know
what's up
no contract here time over here Carrie l
use aka that one bad guy from psych
absolutely the bad guy from psych like
the cool bad guy from site but yeah
there are other actors like that we're
like haven't you ever done that where
you watched to things like back to back
and it just completely ruins the second
thing no because because like you just
saw that actor in a goofy role no it's
never happened to me really yeah oh that
happens to me all the time is that
really how you pronounce his last name I
don't know that's how I pronounce it if
that's you're wrong that's very possible
the high pro I accept full
responsibility if that's no runway
that's great I loved when I watched
Gilbert Grape then Titanic right that's
funny
where's the hidden one here I guess it's
on this area
Berenice that is yes want to go watch
Harry Potter and then Swiss Army Man
that'll be perfect
oh no to actually watch Swiss Army Man
first where where Daniel Radcliffe plays
a farting corpse and then watch Harry
Potter and try to take it seriously that
would be the proper way to do it Daniel
Radcliffe is great
two down
so we're sorry man it's great it is it
is a sad movie but it is a great movie
wonderful acting great story great
presentation ten out of ten
farting and ten out of ten farting
corpses
that's what though William Meister says
this is just to say how great the rlm
and prereq content has been the last few
months you guys have been on a roll
thanks for the entertainment gents you
love them oh just wait there's something
in the works my friend there's something
in the works it's gonna be great
super great
you fucker but what were you expecting
he attacked you and he was successful
I mean he's not fucker
all right
it's true our Miller I am but I'm I
can't I can't give you any more
information I'd like to but I know that
when we give you information you tell
everyone no I tried that we find that
rich tried to to see if you guys would
be cool and you were decidedly not cool
so I can't give you any more hints than
something that I think will be very good
is coming up short
let's see here
TW Itchy says the dells has an indoor
ferris wheel just why rain the snow most
most of our year we are freezing and so
indoor means that you could have people
visit you when it's snowing outside it
actually makes a ton of sense so Oh
there's probably a lot of glass around
it so you can see outside yeah yeah
yeah I don't think the last few levels
make you get that many stars I'd love to
get through this tonight the game it's
possible it's possible we you know we're
gonna what do we're at a three forty
three hours forty oh right yeah you know
that tipping point I know let's we'll
see how fast you can make it through
this one this is a tough one you got a
lot of you have a lot of moons to get
through here
can you define shortly known I cannot
define shortly it's something being
worked on currently it's what I can
mention shortly things can change
look at this big goofy bird look at that
big goofy bird
adorable big goofy bird stole some meat
that mario's and all right so I get
three from this
yep and you do another one with the bird
where you get another three actually
maybe you do a couple more of the bird
it's probably another brutal fight in
here because there's no no I had I
already had the brutal fight
oh good for the stage is there another
brutal fight think so not in this stage
hey worse things have happened in the
world sure sure
I think it's just this is just cemented
your hatred for rabbits in the Mario
franchise hasn't it and it's very
possible that just like the Rabbids I
like I have some leftover resentment
from the Rabbids and it's bleeding into
this button
I officially have no problem with
Rabin's yeah
will you jack will you be going to see
Koko later this month with the family of
course oh yeah that looks fun looks fun
though it looks like a movie that I've
sure it looks a lot like the there was
already like a skeleton Day of the Dead
movie that came out a while ago oh I've
got a couple there yeah like her
skeleton Kurtz right movies right yeah
they've been a few and so like this is
just another one it's it's being done by
Pixar which means they're they're losing
some kind of creativity if they're doing
shit other people have already done
right oh the book of life that's what it
was yeah there was a movie called the
book of life that came out a bit ago and
that was a very similar present premise
where someone gets kind of trapped in
the land of the dead and has to get back
out but Coco looks it looks good it
looks cute I'm excited to see it it's
getting very I feel like it's getting
very little advertisement I haven't seen
it much around but I'm looking forward
to it yeah the boys loved four oh yeah
they're fucking loves I mean Hulk fights
again wolf I'm not shocked at your kids
it was great they loved they loved Thor
they loved the fighting uh you know
especially now that they they they know
I'm okay with them swearing they loved
all of the casual swearing and Thor
there is a fair amount of casual
swearing and they loved it every time
someone would swear they would just they
would look at me and smile great we
loved that
oh yeah go get the bird again I know I
just want again oh okay the only the
other ones tell me about the guy who
throws the pans yeah so but yeah Coco
looks fun
um it'll be fine he'll be fine
everything's fine uh we get out of here
okay no recollection of how to get my
rifle that's true did anyone see this -
the tanning continuous makes a good
point before Coco they are you know how
they have the like the shorts the
animated shorts that play before and the
Pixar movies yeah they are having an
animated frozen short oh and a Pixar
movie well cuz you know they're both
Disney sure sure I have seen more
advertisement for the frozen short that
plays before Coco than I have for Coco
are you shocked at them I just think
that if you are someone who has works on
Coco you got to feel like shit at this
yeah like oh I made this great movie and
put so much work into it
come see frozen the new short and Coco's
playing after I'm sorry I'm sorry
Coco Coco sounds like a new movie about
a talking gorilla okay no one gets that
reference anymore that's just for us old
men I don't even know what Coco is a
Coco is a new Pixar movie about a little
boy who gets trapped in the land of the
dead very much like our sugar skull
friend right here a de los muertos land
of the dead the kind of thing
I'm wrong terrible let's see here you've
talked about kids in the hall before did
you see the miniseries reunion death
comes to town from a few years ago dr.
Chuck but mud I actually did not thank
you for reminding me I will I will I'll
switch that out I did not see their
short death come sit down I remember
being excited about it but uh I did not
see rich rich burned who hard you yeah
what hurt a lot of people my thoughts on
frozen as it felt I liked frozen I liked
it it's fine I liked it so much I hosted
a movie night in which grown-ass adults
came over to my house and we watched
frozen rich was there it was great I
believe I had mice mice närcon you sure
did
I was gonna do I regret that I didn't do
it I was gonna do a sarcastic what if
they would have been was it the things I
used to do the quick cuts yeah for
frozen or I complained about a film for
seven year old girls okay so a lot of
people are saying that's kind of weird
Jack why would you do that you have to
remember that I have children and the
the frozen hype was real and my children
were swept up in it and so you know I
just I found myself watching frozen a
whole lot because I had kids in my house
a whole lot I technically still have
kids in my house a whole lot they just
no longer care about
frozen so it was a movie that I had seen
a lot and they hit and it yeah obviously
but being cultural movie was oh shit oh
yeah you're fucking out so it was just
one of those things where I was talking
about frozen a lot frozen was being
talked about a lot and II know rich J
other people had not seen frozen so I
said I got you guys come on over let's
watch frozen
we watched frozen and Monster Squad that
was the double feature that night it was
great no no the kids were asleep there
it was after it was after hours this was
just for the grown-ups
let's be very clear about this I'll say
yeah we watch we watch frozen - Myles
glad it was a great night
and so my thoughts on frozen is I think
it's a very good movie a lot of songs
but I'm okay with that because I think
the songs are good easy moon behind me
where I assume in that little cavern
though shockingly riches left did not
wake the children up so I liked frozen I
think it had a lot of unlike most Disney
movies I feel like there was actual
character growth in frozen like I oh
yeah real easy what happened so you say
I liked some of the songs I like a lot I
liked a lot of frozen I didn't like the
songs do you like the songs yeah you
know I know everyone everyone loves let
it go obviously that's the big that's
the big hit it's fine but I I much
prefer the little duet that anna has
with with the villain who's just using
her he's just using her I love that I
love that we're in love now song I think
that's a great song sending the wrong
message well no but she learns she
learns a lesson rich at the end she
learns a lesson and at the end it's not
about it's not about the love of some
man that saves the day it's the it's the
platonic sisterly kind of love no no no
no Prince Charming has to come and save
the day so what I need to stay virgin
it's it's it's it's the sisters they got
stick together it's sister sister it's
tea and tomorrow you ever see that
sister sister no never literally I have
literally never watched sisters it's
it's a starring good I've heard of it I
just never watched it because you know
I'm a man they're their twin sisters and
they get into all sorts and I didn't
watch a show called the Sister Sister
they get in all sorts of hijinks which
these hijinks Sister Sister
sometimes I'm not sure if it's a bit
Jack what we didn't have a lot we didn't
have cable Sophie's I just watched what
was on TV man that means sister sister
and living single that's just that's how
well that's how it works
rich probably also didn't watch hanging
with mr. Cooper that's true yeah no I
didn't why not what was hanging with mr.
Cooper it was about a retired basketball
player who's now a coach and he goes on
wacky adventures it's high jinks he was
a basketball player but now he's a high
school basketball coach and he's not
living the sweet life anymore he's a
high school basketball coach oh is that
a shortcut there's something different
too many people use the excuse I didn't
have cable as an excuse for the crap
they watched it was it was watch that or
I don't know like go outside and I
didn't want to go outside and you chose
sister sister I know I liked what was I
going to go outside you know this is
bird vomit I gotta climb up this is this
is a great stage right here you have to
climb up what you can hit the bird in
the nuts yeah
and that makes him vomit yep I didn't
know that that's awesome look at that
you climb up a fountain of bird vomit to
attack your enemy and I think that's a
tremendous that's a tremendous level I
love it I thought you like chucking corn
Jack exactly that's what I did when I
wasn't watching TV I went outside and I
threw cornet my brother and sister so
you tell me what's the more worthwhile
endeavor sister sister are throwing corn
quality time the family that you'll
remember forever or gosh quality
television shows that taught me some
lessons morals and mold had some oh no
oh no I'm not I'm not particularly good
at this fight you got to break open
those things out there you got heart
break open the the potatoes or whatever
that is what the fuck did I just come
back to Jack's talking about sister's
sister and throwing corn and his brother
yes for you for the uninitiated I would
see that how that would be confusing for
you I grew up on a farm as is common
knowledge and we didn't have cable so I
watch the crappy television including
the show Sister Sister hanging with mr.
Cooper and living single when I did play
outside we played a game called corn tag
in which we would go to the corn fields
in the
of our house and literally Chuck ears of
corn at each other for fun and try to
smack each other with corn I hate this
part
and it was it was fun times I mean I did
other stuff too like it's not like I
just watched crappy midday television
and chucked corn like we did we did
other things but I was living the corn
dream I was alright Scott was fucking
well what the fuck is happening
screaming you just saw a great a great
enemy no this this game doesn't have a
ton of great boss battles but I think
that was a good one you have to swim up
a fountain of vomit in order to jump on
a bird who was trying to cook you in a
giant pot and then apparently you missed
the fact that you could hit him in the
nuts to speed up the process I was just
swimming around but if you want to make
the giant bird vomit you hit him in the
nuts this is where Nintendo shines this
is Magic right here Oh hitting there
we're getting out yeah tipping a cow is
impossible tipping tipping a cow is a is
what do you call it when when is a rumor
that's a farm rumor
you cannot tip a cow I'm drunk kids
somewhere tried I'm sure everyone it's
it's a it's a prank you that you play on
people let's go cow-tipping and then you
make someone try to kick over a cow do
you know how much cows weigh okay okay
you cannot move a cow so it's a prank
that you play on the city folk when they
come to visit hey we're going cow
tipping come with us wait what if you
put it and put a jack under the cow
cows are taller than you think yeah
neither big jack big jack yeah you would
need a big jacket no I'm a yeah
fantastic with big Jack yeah so now
we'll probably just walk away of course
like as soon as the Jack got to the cow
it would walk away or kick you or kick
the jack those are the big strong
animals they're dumb but they're big and
strong so the the prank that you play on
people is you say we're gonna go in cow
tipping you take them into the cow field
and you go oh this is so easy you just
go you push on the couch falls right
over it's really hilarious and then they
try and struggle to tip over the cow
which is impossible
so getting there what we're getting
there you argue you can leave early I'm
doing this tonight I'm close enough
you're doing this I'm close enough I'm
doing this tonight
shit rich yeah I'm at the gate shit rich
it's it just got real you just threw
down you still got to go to the moon man
there's nothing the moon that's nothing
from here on out I just need to do the
story things there's no extra stars that
is really collected so I can sprint
totally and exit right now you know what
you're right I'll hang around for a
little bit I'll hang around for a bit
let's see here Lando is Sagan says from
what I gather
Wynonna was extremely difficult for the
crew to work with then production got
six weeks behind and everyone was
pulling 16-hour days and were sick of
each other by the end well that's too
bad for Jonathan might not be able to
come to the country anymore I'm attached
with cocaine or some trace amounts of
cocaine or something through yeah there
might be issues with Jonathan for season
three Nancy will magically be back with
Steve because Jonathan went to college
this way her as a rumor I know if it's
true
that's great
that's true crispy fried man if I leave
rich does still need to read
subscriptions if I do decide to leave
maybe we'll take a little break
you can read subscriptions while I'm
doing this maybe I can move it over
there exclamation point
sobs oh I can if I switch over I can
move it over there but well don't worry
I'm not leaving yet I'm gonna hang
around for a little bit I'm gonna take a
little bathroom break in a bit not like
I might I actually will take a little
bathroom break in a bed some but green
beans I agree that dragon looks really
out of place in a Mario game I think
that's the point I there's a go down
Mario's Odyssey idea I just need to beat
the dragon uh-oh all right I'll get
three from that yeah there's not enough
different things I don't think that's
the Odyssey it's Mario's he's seeing
different things he's out of his comfort
zone is he's going around the world I
don't think there's enough different
things to make your case
are we still reading tips yeah we're
getting through if Jack leaves and I'm
just finishing this I'm gonna be silent
and finish this
that's the slave word solo works yeah
yeah if you've never hung around for
rich solos for anything you've never
been around for a rich solo stream
that's how they work he he doesn't talk
much
she didn't stuff is too different but
not different enough
yes well Rich's argument is that there
are the thing a thing I don't like about
Mario Odyssey is the things that don't
seem like they fit in Mario's world like
this dragon the dinosaur and the people
of new donk City Rich's counter-argument
is that that was a purposeful move to
show that Mario is going on a adventure
beyond anything he's ever seen before
my counter counter argument is that I
don't think they do that enough to to
make that point that's the whole
shahbazi shazam z ow
in time and time yes nice job thank you
thank you job
SF parlance is what I like most about
mara design is the cartoony style I
really don't like real people in real
dragons next to a cartoon Bowser Mara
that's that that's what I'm saying
I'm agreeing with you I think I think
it's off-putting
I think the dinosaur is weird
I think the dragon is weird I think the
real people aspect then you know what
the real people are double weird because
pauline is a cartoon their mayor their
leader is also a cartoony person
there's a lot of good in Mario Odyssey
absolutely absolutely there's a lot of
good in Mario Odyssey sometimes this
game feels aimless sort of the stranger
things season 2 for parts of it that's
also true you know but uh much like
stranger things season 2 I think this is
a using nostalgia to boost up some of
the weaker elements that's a fair point
rich
FairPoint let's see here anonymous says
hey guys I'm buying my first car that
isn't a clunker this week any car
purchasing tips no I don't have any good
tips I wish it did I don't know who to
trust or when to trust them or why to
trust them roll the dice with me
generally speaking anything foreign is
better
here's a cyst what racist
here's what I did when I I was in a car
buying situation I went to the Car Talk
website you know Car Talk yeah yeah well
they've been gone for a while huh what
I'm staying they just had their last
show a little bit ago yeah a little bit
guys been years now right well when they
stopped airing their show I was in here
reruns anymore
yeah okay it's all done unfortunately
the click and clack the tappet brothers
you but you go you can go they still
have an active website you can go to
their website and they have a little
section called cars we hate and remember
their mechanics so the cars they hate
are actually cars that mechanics don't
see very often I don't care don't care
about your puzzle I don't care about
your star we're going straight to the
palace or yep and so that's that's where
I went and I bought a car that they
recommended and it's done me very well
I've had very little maintenance work
and it's it's held up through the miles
and through the years so that's that's
what I did that's what I recommend you
go visit Car Talk website fantastic
progress
looking at Jack look at doing it you're
doing it rich
what's your make and model and why would
you not say it I don't want you guys
knowing what kind of car I Drive it's
fair enough I mean no offense but some
of y'all's are weird but so I'm not
gonna tell you what kind of cargo but I
took I did take their advice a car that
they recommend it ended Edit working out
great for me I Drive I Drive one of
those I can't think of what they're
called man I had a joke I lost it I'm
very sorry yes and what's my license
plate never exactly what kind of car do
you drive what's your license plate
member just curious because I'm thinking
about getting a license plate as well
I presume I have to get all of the moves
what all of the boon fragments to get
through this section oh I would have
assumed I'm assuming yep
let's see here
Tomcats 2096 is Jack I'm a digital
artist and when it's crunch time I'm
more often than not get wrist carpal
tunnel issues do you or rich get this if
so how do you deal with it first dream
I've seen in weeks do you use a tablet I
would recommend that over a mouse you
get carpal tunnel from the keyboard side
of things not from being a mouse I don't
know if like someone who's using a mouse
constantly for precision work I knew you
would get very similar like sometimes I
thought I thought carpal tunnel say
tunnel syndrome was associated with
typing I think it's any-any not just
typing I think it's any sort of
repetitive hand movement period I would
assume back in the day when I was doing
a lot more After Effects work for jobs I
got myself a little a cheapo wired Wacom
tablet and pen and that is great for not
only precision but for relieving stress
another thing that might help is I have
seen people get little arm supports on
their desk they're kind of like rotating
arm supports so that the strain isn't on
your wrist you actually like lay your
forearm down on this support that will
move with your forearm and then you can
put pressure on that which is a little
more natural than on your wrist I've
seen a lot of editors use that I mean so
and then stretches you know look up some
stretches to do
the big brutal battle it's fine booking
you do it yeah you're looking through
this absolutely you're a monster
elbow braces work amazing yeah I've seen
a lot of editors use that these these
little like kind of forearm braces that
you can you know move with that really
just take all pressure off of your
wrists
it doesn't matter if you look like an
asshole while using any of these things
if it saves you from right
you don't want crumple tunnel syndrome
yeah oh I'd like to do this thing
that'll save me pain and future medical
expenses but I kind of look like a
weirdo
my mom my mother needed surgery because
of carpal tunnel yeah yeah it was that
bad
yeah oh man see this is the thing I got
a Cintiq recently and that helps a bunch
I'm assuming that's a pen and tablet
those things work great
Brunel's come on rich you into it I know
I can
oh shit you did it xlg we've been
talking stranger things season two all
night I didn't even know you can do that
I hit the bomb right under her what do
you mean I did a thing to write it then
you can do oh great we talked about it
all night go back go back to this
episode new there's a ton of stranger
things to talk about nice got it right
away that I didn't know that's need that
stops her from dropping all them bombs
nice nice I'm very happy with that fight
oh yeah that one quick let's see here
Brown Adam Sandler says I use you guys
as background noise while playing Fifa I
just got elite 3 for this weekend I know
this doesn't mean anything to you but no
we're part of this achievement so here
you go
thank you Thank You Vanessa we however
however we helped you don't know what
your third whatever is elite 3 what is
that
FIFO how do you get a lead 3 that's an
odd number it's after 1 and 2 I assume
goes 4 and then down to 2 any kind of
bracket system but I'm familiar with God
darn it maybe it's a ranking
election almost about time that dumb
dumb
it's the yes they're always stupid yeah
I can't be right in front I'm just gonna
take it cause he always falls forward
that's a great example of why rich
doesn't like 3d platforming that's great
I like it fine skittle Brau says I've
always wished for a game that combines
my love of Mario and hats together nice
little brown very nice Lloyd beets
this game can be easy but there you know
it depends on how completionist you want
to be but yes I mean it's it's a kids
game it's game for children child run
but it's still very fun
I keep fucking up the hedge on them
right it's like I've been getting it
right now I keep forgetting to it's very
slow down the a-hat button jump
hold down the Hat button press but stop
then press the Hat button again is how
you do the double jump the SuperDuper
double jump it's a very it's very uh
once you get once you learn the combo so
no one has answered why Bowser lives in
a Japanese cancer Castle because they
wanted to do different environments and
settings for this game yeah and it's
nice it stands out as different the game
developer said what's gonna be a
distinct level design maybe a fire
castle now we've already done that
hey fucker 3d platforming you can do it
rich you can do it and I didn't need to
kill it oh browses Bowser is Japanese
did you assume he was white racist yes I
assumed he was a white dinosaur I like
that's good a transpose that's good
let's see here's son of Janus as guys
I've been watching rlm since episode of
one review and I loved you guys it was
awesome
thank you when I had a film appreciation
class in college and they showed a clip
of the episode 2 review Jesus Christ the
college what's it good for
that's great tastes apparently oh snap
I'm at a minor fuckup a minor fuckup I
recovered expertly yeah I was gonna say
expert
Harlem is taught at universities
apparently yes seriously I discovered a
Harlem when my video editing professor
played best of the worst SOS SOS Ben oh
my that's crazy that's great
well dr. Horrible's great king vidya
says the college professor showed our
class dr. horrible so i disagree but i
like dr. did you see that no I haven't
oh it's great
infamous infamously made like during the
the writers strike I know or was it the
actor strike and so as a Jess Wheaton
could get like you know bigger named
actors and whatnot to be in a YouTube
video dr. Horrible's sing-along blog so
yeah Neil Patrick Harris and other
people I like dr. Horrible's sing-along
blog that was a great the writers strike
this game is paced much better than
fucking around what Mona's I am shocked
that you got this far like this this
really did feel like a slog to me when I
played yeah yeah I was fucking around
moves like yeah I guess I gotta get
these moons these moons are gonna pay
off eventually no yeah
Felicia Day Nathan fellow Leon shit a
bird at me I need a bird how do I know I
need a bird because a bird showed up
nope not that way now you idiot
it was me
oh come on rich ah dang a ding ding
that's good game design jack I know it
just it bothers me about the game I get
it they got it they got themselves a
gimmick you know I got to take over
different things to to to overcome the
challenge
yes Chad I know damn well that birds the
word the but did you have you heard
about the bird probably bird probably
all right Evan Iseman haven't I have a
nice bathroom bro
and we get it we get it stuck dropping
your cannonballs again you fuck
ah damn it
Oh should I need two more
gosh darnit too shy ah all right we can
do it we can do it
Jack I'm two moons short I'm too short
no it didn't but apparently I do
oh that's a bunch of that's a bunch of
horse baloney
I got another Lacroix fuckin love these
things
Oh buy one that's good point what's this
okay this one I'll buy one then we're
good it's pretty straightforward
climb up the thing whoa
catch nice catch
do you recommend hack O'Lantern that win
yeah yeah a curly dream was fun
jack-o'-lantern was real fun I'm sorry I
missed up here usually there's 200 maybe
the key was somewhere I've down there oh
well it's fine we'll just buy the one
every fine uh you know what I have not
played any of the new tomb Raider's have
you played any of the tomb Raider's
rebooted yeah neither vine where's the
shop right there but you don't I don't
recommend Cathy's curse it had some
enjoyable moments but if you were making
like a like a bad movie party hack o
lantern would fit in Cathy's curse
wouldn't necessarily fit in
your brothers hunter your mothers rather
than twitch your mother's on twitch love
it love it all right ruff that wasn't a
bad are you at the peak of drunkenness
during the discussion I I can say
without a doubt that me during the
Cathy's cursed discussion is by far the
most intoxicated I've ever been on
camera I am if it wasn't if it didn't
turn out so entertaining I would be
ashamed of how drunk I was on camera I
was unprofessionally intoxicated as
people who don't know much about this
game shocked that the guy running the
shop was just a normal guy well is it
it's different in each world rules have
like snails I don't have anything else
to put in this world so they use the
Metro Kingdom guys yeah can't have like
the the birds run the shop why do the 3d
Mario games hate Koopas the only time
you see a Koopa just about in the 3d
games is when it's like a dry bones
you'll see koopa bones and zombies but
not Koopas well it's probably probably
because you know like flying Cooper's
like I said it's hard to land on a stop
right sure you know a fly they don't
have fun most of them walk I wonder if
they're hard to render Jack seems like a
happy drunk I am a half drunk and then
I'm a happy and then very sleepy drunk
but dude you are at your best chill out
yeah
I take I take a lot of things very
seriously and I overthink some things
and racing Cooper's there nothing like
going on Sonic villains though it
doesn't count oh yeah those are like fun
Cooper's yeah
I'm sorry oh no it's just talking about
me being drunk we don't need to talk
about that we've already talked about it
a bunch but it's just one of those
things it's just one of those things
where afterwards we recorded a something
and I I'm just not gonna make it a drunk
thing look at how awesome this is all
you people who complain about realism in
this Mario game but this little fucking
loss no this doesn't this is a realistic
depiction of the fucking mode yeah but
look at the giant squid monsters there
are giant squid monsters this fits
within the reality of Mario look at this
moon physics moon physics is great yep
no this is great but there are giant
cartoon moon squids rich
thank you know I am 12 I appreciate the
support and I'm glad it turned out to be
a funny episode Oh which like I said if
if J I would have felt legitimately bad
had J called me a couple days later and
to be like Jack we we can't use any of
this footage there's nothing funny in
here you're just drunk and obnoxious and
then obviously it didn't work out that
way but that was that's a possibility
there in my head at least that was a
possibility mad strats look at those
space squids those are great
Oh
Oh it's fine it's fine it's fine it's
fine it's fine
nice rich nice you did it
jumping alright you know you know what
this is completely unrealistic the moon
is volcanic lead and as far as we know
the moon is volcanic lead NAB Mario
knows something though no no this is
horseshit that's what this is but that's
the end for those people saying in the
comments I am certainly not picking and
choosing it's a it's a realistic moon
but it's filled with cartoony creatures
it still can then fit in the world's
Mara and of course there's you know ahem
it's not it's not stand by it I stand by
my sayings but you probably want that
big heart I have that big heart oh wait
oh I fell down to the clip just now
it doesn't matter
what oh and it all start over no it's
fine yep
pick up
hey tanks don't use hats uh if you
notice everyone on this level is wearing
white hats because they are expecting to
go to a wedding it's a defense Mario
can't possess anything that's wearing a
hat you have to knock its hat off first
that's also true but I like that in this
level that we're all wearing fancy hats
because they're elf they're out of faith
they're going to a fancy wedding
not that one can you get up here
gosh darnit good did I'm sorry did did
uh did goofy make an appearance look a
gorgeous whoosh sorry Jack you set the
standard you can only be more drunk at
the next Halloween I'll do my best I
will do my best
perhaps we need a reset and so the next
Halloween episode what'll happen is I'll
be so drunk that I'll pass out and I
can't be in the discussion and then
that'll reset it so the next year I can
go back to just being you know regular
hey Jack and rich longtime watts are
here I've been wondering for some time
too solemn or prereq make anything from
YouTube ad money wondering if I should
hit that skip button yeah we do but it's
it's up to you if you want to hit that
skip button that's completely up to you
but yeah you know we met we make money
with ads on YouTube now it's not a it's
not the majority of our income button
it's some
oh how cool what would you do I just
left that guy to fall on mama yeah
that's that's what Mario does he uses
him then he leaves him how about this go
rich go
where does most of your money come from
it comes from here it comes from which
it comes from from your support here on
the twitch of Jesus so move that's great
that's great
rich busting out the leap strats
what I really want to see his death
soccer - it's on there according to the
powers that be
Deathstalker - stays on the plane keto
board so it'll be there until until we
hit it here's here's here's how the
Deathstalker is gonna work yeah
Deathstalker one was on the Polly
counterpart we landed on it yep
next episode what was on there
Deathstalker the stalker she will remain
up that stalker - at which point the
next plane kept a toe episode of her be
replaced with des stalkers three and so
on until we run out of death stalker
capella pop-pop-pop you shouldn't be mic
cutting in and out who's I don't know
hello
better now fine now working now Mika's
great now okay that was weird
I don't know what that was necessarily
so great what hit her
Chain Chomp
all right let's rock let's rock bring it
you can do this writ straight my beagle
gap
nope nope nope nope we 3d platforming
quick someone makes several hundred
Deathstalker movies absolutely
nope nope
oh god I hit him once or twice Mario uh
nope
Patsy oh you did it
ah Goblin shoe I just made the same joke
hats equal power great boop bop beep
boop our mics cutting out again it's
fine it's fine everything's fine
hurry up Mario the wedding bells are
tolling or what tolling the wedding
bells it's the UH
tolling a word bells toll yes I've never
heard it tolling you never heard of the
Bell Tolls I've heard of the Bell Tolls
I've never heard of bells tolling For
Whom the Bell Tolls yes the bells are
tolling I think most people would say
ringing
I've heard of the phrase for Whom the
Bell Tolls but I've never heard the
phrase the bells are tolling check find
Emma suck point bagger I'll hit the
check point I'm just a check point I
missed this is what checkpoint little
flag a little flag a flag we're back
down there Oh mother fucker
do you need to hit it if I die I
wouldn't want to go back really far sure
at Bell sure is tolling yeah it's not my
fault you don't know things just doesn't
sound right tolling okay now guys this
is when the game gets really fucked up
so Bowser has obviously kidnapped
Princess Peach and I think most people
in the world know this because they've
been going around stealing stuff from
everybody right yeah
like stealing dresses stealing food
stealing drinks right so then why rich
he was the important question why does
everyone show up to the wedding
like he's obviously forcing a ring on
her body and fucking Pauline is there I
was dragged away from my cooking for
this drag weight going on in this place
I was wait wait Oh read that one I was
forced to it says but but who's holding
you here the big the big rape lizard
he's busy get out of there try to repeat
your half peach don't just stand there
help her Pauline you've been in this
situation before help her she's been in
this situation before she's scarred jack
she's having some five-spice and
actually wants peach out of the way
that's what I'm yeah that's what I'm
saying if Bowser takes her I'll get
Mario all to myself that fucking Carmen
Sandiego that's fucking Pauline that's
the girl from Donkey Kong who was not
peach that's Mario's first damsel
how great would the scene V if Pauline
was here with Donkey Kong right that's
it that's what it would be akin to yeah
that's you know that'd be fine
appearance for Donkey Kong just even be
in the wedding you know I just wanted
Kong in the game is that too much desk
you know we see Pauline it'd be nice to
con
although would that would be weird for
everyone because you know Donkey Kong
this is a good guy now he Donkey Kong
stars and games then he's not the bad
guy anymore
he's no longer a rape ape right
everything's raped something apparently
what you reckon that me girls are using
what do you think Donkey Kong wants
Pauline for that's a great question
maybe she was a banana salesman in my in
my G version of this story she was a
banana salesman and he wanted some
bananas
I do still think it's adorable Mario
with the giant punchy hat nice yeah yeah
it's pretty good fight so far doing
great is banana salesman a metaphor no
I'm just saying she has a lot of bananas
in her warehouse and Donkey Kong says
ooh I like bananas so I'm gonna steal
this lady to get her bananas and bananas
aren't a metaphor for anything
they're just bananas sometimes a banana
is just a banana you know come on Bowser
what you got what you got
he's got hats rich that's what the whole
fucking game my god he's got a lot of
hats he has more hats but so the whole
game is about he thinks that if he has
more hats it'll hurt you more but it's
just more hats it's the same shit and
this time he's gonna swing this tail
three times I'm sure cuz that's how the
game works do you not
I thought he started throwing wicked
loads after a while this is version fly
I didn't think I can hit him when you
stole the fire ones I thought I was
gonna prevent me there's nearly perfect
nearly perfectly perfect that would've
been great yeah and I would've been
great would've been grating this on a
perfect Bowser fight what's up what's up
with the rape did it work this is we're
talking about games where girls get
kidnapped
generally speaking that's what happens
when girls get kidnapped not to it not
to get that's it not to be all downer on
everyone but why do you think people
kidnap girls
the kidnap girls to have a meaningful
conversation yeah lets-a-go probably
maybe the Hunchback of Notre Dame is
that what they did I never saw bounce
back another day or read I just know the
Disney move wasn't the Hunchback good
guy I don't know I don't know how things
work
I'll tell you what we're gonna do peach
so got a mind rate Bowser
yeah Bowser how do you like this
we're in your mind now
yeah I like this game considerably more
without getting distracted by moons just
getting straight to it hmm honest truth
yeah yeah I think that means it's fair
Bowser Bowser fun whoo oh my god bathtub
dammit
you can watch the excellent recent video
from Lindsay Ellis and get up to speed
on your hunchback I saw that she posted
that I just that I don't know anything
about hunchback watch Mouse beam Mouse
ooh screen went dead
I did oh you didn't fix it already I
guess you were too busy smashing things
as Bowser to notice you got hit by a
piece of debris no I didn't pay
attention I got hit by Jack shit there
was a piece of falling debris there was
not there was not a swear it if one if
while on Bowser's head rich yeah you
decide to have sex with Peach is that
rape well that's up she didn't consent
to Mario either
that's up to peach right peach has to
say it's okay easy that's how that works
but yeah this would be this would
actually be an interesting theory
because it's it's long been questioned
whether or not peach likes getting
kidnapped you know a lot of people think
that she does it for political sympathy
like she gets kidnapped by Bowser and
then the the Mushroom Kingdom has to
keep her honest believe they forget
about their horrible tax problem exact
we got kidnapped rally around the Queen
and so this would be an interesting
experiment for Mario to be like listen
honey I you know I know he wanted to try
some different things I got this magical
cap now where I can take over someone
else's body for a while to say I'm just
saying
and we got a we get a fucking go-go's
song at the end here on the moon walk
like an Egyptian it does sound like that
but that's the end that's fine it's the
this whole I mean really this whole
segment is the reward it's yeah this is
the firework display at the end of oh
one square missing one square oh my god
harshed my vibe killing my music whoo
Bengals yeah much better this is like
Bengals music and yeah in a typical
firework moment rich Evans dies
immediately I was going to make a
comment about how like it's so easy so
this is just kind of a reward for you
and then it dies like an idiot
yeah the recent does kind of kill the
song's vibe yeah perhaps if I were a
better player oh if only you were able
to get good but we all know you are not
there will be no getting good tonight
the 2d parts seem more fun it you know
there are some decent puzzles where
you're like swapping between 2d and 3d
it's a guys it's some fine some fun
parts
you're great rich
oh yeah
pew-pew we're the kids of America whoa
yes that's exactly what this is you can
do a rich I believe in you
you beat the game in one sitting
yeah not bad not bad not bad how long oh
we got to be getting close to uh let's
find out
yep nope not that hope for our almost
five hours not bad not bad just about
five hours ah
we've reunited the two sentient hats
because that's what we all really cared
about right fucking hats the brother and
sister Van Dyne even love jack put on ik
love the wedding caps and then here it
is Mario finally princess you were in
our outfits I'm making Mario's making
his move I just rescued you once again
princess but to be fair like he really
should have given her a little bit of
time to process the trauma sure you know
she's just been kidnapped
Pauline sitting there waiting Pauline is
back up in the moon chapel she's right
there Mario and why are you consoling
Bowser you horrible man Bowser's scale
is all over the place here it's always
been all over the place
well not in the original Mario this is
the one sprite right
this part I love the final fuck you to
Bowser Oh kick him back to the moon
motherfucker she in looking back I know
rich said that she left them both to die
it was very clear that she knew Mario
could make the jump and Bowser could not
Holly is right there in that Sh
listen there are so many reasons to
choose Pauline over peach Colleen is the
clear choice here I would take Pauline
in a heartbeat over Peach
I want to Rick a jigger or review I want
to be slightly more positive it's when
you ignore the distractions
now go plate it like this just going
straight through focus no no I don't
need those extra moons pace weren't very
well okay like this sure we can do that
I know right we can do that tonight rich
we can make it happen I see ice on the
end of it well no I'll just do it it'll
take us five extra minutes man
just get to get the thing you want to
say right and yes we've spoiled all of
stranger things season two it's all done
if you still want to talk about it we're
here we're talking
yeah my kids are long asleep it's fine
no there's I think there is a lot of
good in this game and once you kind of
master all of your jumping moves there's
oh there's a lot of variation and a lot
of freedom in the movement I think it's
a little it's a little too light on the
challenge for me and if you are looking
for more moons it becomes a bit of a
slog this is game have replayability
there's a whole bunch of shit after the
game that's new we after after this you
go to the Mushroom Kingdom the whole
state and it's a whole new world and
then those little metal squares that
were in every level they unlock more
moons they unlock more moons to get so
every level gets a whole new life life
to it from a move but it's just moves
there's more moons something really neat
actually is every level has a
freerunning race and so it's just like
get from point A to point B on this map
and miss that and you got to you got to
beat the Turtles I missed that yeah yeah
yeah it's it's neat and it's cute it's
just a chance to use your your jumping
abilities but still not a bit of a slog
if you try to collect all the sugar try
to collect a bunch of moon but just
playing like I'm gonna get through this
stage I'm not gonna because that stage
yeah I enjoyed it more than my first
playthrough tonight hmm interesting yeah
Oh woman Tendo copyright right there
where's Luigi they didn't include him in
this game yeah
yeah they didn't let him sorry they
didn't like they didn't like him
James Big Mac yes we recorded our review
earlier today and after we are done
streaming we're gonna record a little
bit extra because rich has some more to
say about it
ah here it is Mushroom Kingdom
you know one of the outfits you can get
for the Mushroom Kingdom is the Mario 64
outfit yeah now that makes you look like
Mario 64 either fuck what I want to look
like that and gross fucking polygon
because you get a four polygon model you
that's a toad lets you in a secret area
and you get a moon I don't ever need I
don't ever need that moon yeah yeah I
did I did the boss rush at 250 I have
over 300 moons and uh we're at and my
playthrough I did the boss Ross is this
about where I'm at in my playthrough my
other playthrough it's neat that you you
have to face all of the at 250 you face
all the brudos and you have to do so in
one life and then after you beat them
you can become king of the moon which
you know pretty awesome King of the Moon
fire mara yeah it's cute cloud Mario
classic Mario classic Mario get it I
want that Skellington Mario though
you can have a full Luigi outfit that is
true but this time I mean is not Luigi
now what's Luigi outfit this is luigi's
different right it's not the same and
you know what you people know it you
know what that does look a lot better
yeah I like that that looks a lot better
well Shawn Peach's castle gosh
yeah go grab Yoshi run around for a bit
where's your shit him see Yoshi oh I'm
not telling him I don't care he's on the
roof
Oh exactly like in in a 60-40 yeah yeah
Oh Princess Peach just gone missing
again that fucking bitch can't give me
two minutes after I save her she catches
terrible
to be fair I like I do like the
rationale after this look at the classic
64 the rationale is after seeing all
these places while being kidnapped
both Princess Peach and the little crown
that was also kidnapped along with her
want to experience them while you know
not being and I like
right
all right oh why can't I look up there
I've done it before
oh yeah use your first person with you
there we go no your that's the moon
take down the Mushroom Kingdom that's
beautiful
Oh a sack mics or Deborah Choate no are
they what pop plug in your thing again
like just replug in your thingy
alright how about now nothing working
now
I'm in the throne yep it's hanging in
the throne yeah I like the red
suspenders yeah the red suspenders look
significantly better I'll be honest with
you
less that's that's old that's Donkey
Kong style it looks great it looks great
all right so are we wrap this throne and
we'll thank some subscribers as a nice
place
oh don't worry rich mentioned a giant
rape lizard many times
disagree
ah perfect king mark looks great great
all right now is the point of the stream
in which we thank all of the people who
have subscribed to us during this very
know no sound again it's coming through
there you see it's yeah bleeping and
blooping on then it's working for me too
something's going on hello hello hello
hello
got a fixie mic boys sound is back we
can hear you okay well then really
quickly we are going to try to barrel
through our subscribers before our mics
go out again for some strange reason I
have no idea why our mics keep going out
I don't know why I'm sorry all right and
thank you to all of our subscribers like
Lion slippers way Diddy 23 DJ kento
crispy fried man for 20 fucking months
in a row man the slough Jack's test old
hand to solve for 15 months in a row who
says thanks guys you make all my
sandwiches come true so low 56 7 for 22
fucking months in a row says yay
professor chaos 2015 sorrow or bitter
ater a Thor obliterator Thor obliterator
oh they go Thor obliterator
ah the war on God dog mastery 600 when
you capitalize the X I'm a PE dog master
extreme because a dog mastery extreme
that oh that's how the name is for now
just because that's where they cannot
capitalize any X instead of the E
get it together people tarde core who
says why did the stadium get hot after
the game all the fans left
beer coaster for 13 months in a row
Decepticon says F Davey
LJ Travis who says hey question for you
guys are there any multiplayer games or
even single-player games for that matter
that you would play with your wive's
I've been looking for something to play
with my lady friend ever since we moved
in together bookworm adventures I'm here
I'm gonna I'm gonna put this out there
you might want to try asking your lady
friend
well here's the thing she's probably not
interested in gaming and he's just
looking for something that might turn
around to gaming that's my assumption
otherwise she probably would have said
let's play X a multiplayer game you know
what maybe try to find try to find you a
co-op game and not not a game where you
are challenging her like you know what
it was really fun that's snipper eclipse
like Kane and Lynch snipper clips like
co-op that's pretty vague well what I
meant is a cooperative game a game in
which you have to work together so like
that that snipper Clippers was pretty
fun okay like that one lovers in a
dangerous space-time that's another good
one that uh that weirdo game where we
were in the submarine that was fun I
this is a quid this is a question for
your lady friend so I have no good
answer for you she might not know and
she just might not want to play get sure
presumably she's willing to try sure I'm
not going to assume the worst snipper
Clippers the portal to not if your new
buddy gaming
yeah that's not that's not that's not
early gamer like depending on how not a
gamer she is it just might make her
nauseous Karen can't handle 3d yeah
portal 2 is a very solid game but
remember this is for someone new to
gaming who's not ashamed
presumably yeah cuz if she weren't new
to gaming she would know what she might
be interested
her significant other exactly all right
right let's go
the real they on for twenty four fucking
months in a row
who says after my two-year trial I've
decided that I'd like a refund nope
did you bring the up dog what what's up
dog you made that joke the other day you
know you know coincidence I did
are you subbing to our street our
numbers I did make an up dog joke the
other day what did I do that I forget
when we did the thing then we didn't
talk about earlier oh did I make enough
dog that night nice I was on my game I
made an up dog joke Alger mop
who says thanks for another month of
streams the wife and I are behind on
stranger things so I am bowing out early
tonight have a great evening tonight
good night crooked spiral says oh my god
I've almost been subscribed for a year
thanks for the great streams guys hey
welcome collecting data for 32 fucking
months in a row peace a turn no way min
for 13 months in a row says the E in my
username is pronounced as the E in red
the MN part is my real names initials
which I add because no red no wet
so it's nowhere nowhere no way it was
already taken by the way no way is a
word in Quenya the JRR Tolkien's elvish
languages so what you're saying yeah is
that you're a super big fucking nerve
nowhere nowhere amen
cruzi new who says in anticipation from
mario odyssey i played all the other 3d
Mario games for the first time I would
rank them as follows
one Odyssey to galaxy o galaxy one two
and three no galaxy one oh wait what and
two and then three is for the third rank
yeah I could see that yeah then sunshine
then 64 then 3d World and 3d Land 3d
world in 3d land I think they're
different off there they're not in the
same vein as the other 3d games sure
seems weird to lump those in so then
they would put 64 at the end like you
did and you put 64
yeah know what yeah a lot of people
don't like that sunshine let's see here
rich with the Dragon Tattoo says hey
just got done watching the spectacular
spider-man thanks for the recommendation
rich it was fantastic finished in two
sittings no problem no problem to
sitting z-- Jesus Christ I'm no sure
I've know for thirteen months in a row
I'd know jest I'd know just 13 months in
a row
Geir gar gar gara fuckin hell gah giris
guys with your name's Oz Mike 434
fucking months in a row who says morning
guys I won't be here to hear you read
this but just want to say cheers for the
fun and laughs take care and I hope to
watch you live again soon thank you guys
thank you thank you
Network 30 for a mid night hero for
twenty four fucking months in a row
reckless for 37 motherfucking months in
a row says my Carruth I agree with rich
episode 7 was by far my favorite episode
overall I like the season but there was
definitely stuff that annoyed the shit
out of me I feel the whole barb subplot
was really dumb and made no
since the barb stuff / tape recorder
bugged me yeah it did make the
government guys look kind of stupid that
they didn't check for a running tape
recorder or something like those days
they were worried about bugs and
remember Paul Reiser was kind of like a
normal scientist a normal man like is
the 80 that tape recorder probably made
a lot of noise in her purse and wherever
the fuck it was
she put her purse down like cologne
ma'am what's in your purse sounds like a
cow batteries in there let's see here
Joe kitty
0:01 who says the alien doesn't need
eyesight you dumb fat skinny fucks it's
pure instance as Jay Mets bill la hecka
for 40 motherfucking months in a row and
Bill this is 40 goddamn months and I
haven't learned anything I'm sorry we
try to teach y'all weekend with terrible
teaches thanks anyway thank you Bill
semantics seven dumpler z-- William
Thomas Edmund says hey Jane did you have
a good board game for only two people
rich you're among friends in a
supportive environment it's time free
time for your hashtag me to be brave lol
twitch my prime what was that that was
that was a hashtag that came out for
people supporting those who were going
through sexual harassment in the
workplace they're saying that you're in
a supporter of my environments are you
Brady for riot really a good board game
for two people yes there are plenty of
them if you like tech building games I
play the Marvel legendary deck building
game with my wife all the time just the
two of us we've been recently playing
the game
underlings of underwing which works
really great in a two-player environment
it's about hatching dragon eggs and so
if you're into fantasy or whatnot but
that's a really great 2 player game what
other games have we played two player oh
there's a game called time barons which
actually was designed by Derek you the
guy who made spelunky that's a really
good two-player game that's a versus
game though so it's a little bit
different but lots of lots of good
options out there for two-player games
fiery dog poop the naked Loki Steph and
double-oh-seven timekeeper 102 yeah
ludicrous gibs
spelt Apple who says Jack my hope for
the next best of the worst video is
plink a doe with you finally using a
ball don't let your dreams become memes
you never drop the ball
no I've been on like free thinking as
I'm sure you know okay I'm sure I don't
remember but I'm sure I have eyes just
these are memes usually named for 36
motherfucking months in a row says 36
months to think of something to stay
still working on it
sorry did you hit it oh I forgot we had
it I forgot we had it we meeting look
what we brought back we had to read the
Rika jigger it
did it where are we
you sure evening 12-point courier who
says happy two months AKA no more
condoms anniversary i why why were you
using them in the first place what were
you doing with your computer sir or
madam why would you stop using condoms
after two months also like another great
question
so I condom served two very important
purposes and it's not like those
conditions go away after two months
twelve point courier you need to look
into your your routines here they only
go away at various parts of the month le
Rosa says and that's only one of them
there's a whole mother there's a whole
nother situation that never goes away
rich even if you hit it with soap
talking about STDs well two months
presumably you're being faithful to each
other chat oh I guess I was just
assuming that everyone has STDs all the
time okay Ali Rosa says actually Alan
Rosa for 21 rocky beyond sorrow it says
it's better other great bump thanks for
getting me back into stardew valley
polyhedral dice question number 16
what's a bee eater 1 gonzo the great
says oh man 6 months feels longer just
kidding you guys are great no you're not
ok word smash so know what the hope your
angry words annoy you of the word words
nice all right I'll take that big blonde
Oh 75 pretzels 1 3 3 7
skip the brown leftover beef cake for 36
motherfucking months in a row
oh you know leftover beefcake made the
twat sure that we're using yeah I think
I think he cheated and he programmed
that to say 36 prematurely so he can get
the shoutout
unjustly as you hit the thing what
you
this is why we check first this is why
there's another name someone got lost in
the shuffle
Swilly bo Jagan's says hey made it to
the last minute maybe and now by the way
leftover beefcake also left a message
that we didn't say yeah says I'm proud
to support the best Star Wars podcasters
and Friday the 13th game streamers on
Twitch was at which moves OVH right what
and also there is no punch line to this
joke this time
how's that for setup and no payoff
thanks for the three years prereq thank
you we've cake did every time you go to
it it's just gonna keep making that
noise yeah
