Episode 893
Previously Recorded - Super Mario Odyssey
November 9, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vNCS_bKC48o
___________________________________________

all right I hit the record button and
now we are recording theoretically I
mean the red light is showing Jack rich
it's it's me rich Evans wahoo
famous mascot of red letter media I'm
back again you did it okay so super
mario odyssey is the latest in the line
of 3d Mario games which are 3d
platformers period end of sentence are
they platformers the 3d Mario games oh
oh I will take some exception to that
and everybody listening to this watching
this don't take that as a complaint of
quality I'm arguing about definition
right now the 3d Mario games are they
really platformers or they just explore
around and find the things while Super
Mario Odyssey has a bigger emphasis on
exploration the majority of gameplay is
centered around platforming is centered
around jumping off of the things and
getting to the thing and doing the thing
it's still a platformer Lucca even even
though they they now have added
exploration and to the mix okay okay
you're not I see how satisfying do you
find the platforming itself sometimes
awkwardly trying to line up your shadow
with another shadow how satisfying is
that the grand scheme of things with 3d
games like in general yeah don't you
find the whole jumping part of the
equation
awkward yes well not not necessarily the
jumping the maneuvering the camera while
jumping is what's awkward well should
mario just bite the bullet and lock the
camera behind Mario at all times
wouldn't that make everything much
easier my get motion sick
you play a 2d Mario yeah and you zip
around and jump around with these get
put that platform do the triple jump
jump off the head of the thing and get
out of that and when you play the 3d
marios it's you just I don't you just
feel like you're crippled or something I
don't know what's going on but just just
jumping onto a platform is the hardest
fucking thing
sometimes you'll jump and you'll be ten
feet to the left of where you intended
to go 3d platforming is awkward is fuck
there are times when I pull off some
sick-ass maneuvers in Mario Odyssey and
I feel like a jumping god when was the
last time in a 3d Mario game you
executed the triple jump perfectly and
landed where you wanted to be on the
platform you want him to land on and you
didn't have to like awkwardly try it
like like eight times before you got it
right maybe this is just you that
happens to me all the time I mean I'm
pretty good I pretty good at the
platform and you know doing the - my own
boat for the most part especially like
once you start figuring out how to
extend your jump in Super Mario Odyssey
you become a bit unstoppable like like
the the the maneuver where you jump
throw your hat dive forward jump off
your hat again dive forward again that's
a neat one you can cry you can traverse
a large as you can yes you can and
overall like the platforming is alright
I think the mario the 3d Mario that had
the best platforming sunshine hands-down
no doubt I I missed the hell out of
flood honestly and I know people out
there for whatever reason did not like
sunshine they're crazy people that that
platforming with that that flood I miss
flood flood flood took it to a whole new
level and you know the the 3d Mario
games since Mario 64 have tried to add a
little something into the mix so you
know Mario 64 just just planet oh sure
sure then we got sunshine which added
flood which gave us tools including just
the ability to hover and air you squirt
water 3d platforming is really awkward
hey how about we give you a hover pack
right basically we just give you a stop
midair and think about it by flood then
we got galaxy the the main gimmick of
galaxy was just
what was less than jumping and more the
map itself was wrapped around something
so the gimmick in this game is throwing
your hat yeah and and throwing your hat
serves two purposes one as a platforming
aid and two to I don't want to put this
they're like mind rape I think the word
you're looking for is mind rape I mean
that's kind of what you do this game
should have been called Super Mario mind
rape you force your consciousness into
an unwilling participant it's me I'm a
you now how do you feel about this
gimmick yeah I think it's super weak
you're not enough of the things you
possess are fun to possess the bullet
Bills have fun you have to ride around
is bullet bill that's my tip those guys
yeah I get it
some of them are unique like I like the
bird guy where you got a peck into the
wall and then like oh yeah yourself that
was fun I I felt was that one area and
in no other area they did anything like
that I don't know well that well that
was the problem with all of the bad guys
is there it was never a question of how
am I gonna get through this it's oh
there is this one enemy that keeps
respawning right here I guess this is
the enemy I possess now what it
basically was was the Zelda dungeons
some of the levels is is some of some of
the levels you walk into the dungeon and
you go up here's here's an obstacle if
only I had one specific item to get oh
here's the boomerang
but I thought most of more super weak I
mean there's not much I can say other
than yeah I kind of agree with that yeah
you know it was kind of fun being a tank
for a little bit you can be tanks and
shoot things but that's not necessarily
what I'm looking for in my Mario
experience
Odyssey is a bit of a mishmash of ideas
where's my art assets here's here's the
thing I it Odyssey is kind of back to
basics I think the 3d Mario that Odyssey
is closest to is Mario 64 sure that's
fair and they kept this from looking
like going backwards by by putting Mario
in a variety of weird art styles that
you're not used to seeing Mario in like
everything in galaxies was very
reminiscent of the Mushroom Kingdom
no they had their tech world they had
their lava world they had they had the
world full of giant toys
did you ever see Mario and other game
fighting aid a Dark Souls monster see
the to me there was not a variety of art
styles in in Mario Odyssey there was
everything that belongs in a Mario game
and then the smattering of realistic
assets that looked out of place I don't
I don't like you got the dragon level
though that's not that's not realistic
that's that's some kind of dark fantasy
but rendered in a realistic way okay
much like the dinosaur like the dinosaur
was a realistic rendering of a dinosaur
the people were realistic renderings of
people and none of it made sense in a
Mario world see the way the way the way
I read the game was you know Mario Mario
Odyssey is going honesty around the
world is going to new new in different
places he hasn't been do before and
every world felt different to me and it
did everyone felt like it could have
been a different game just just visually
and thematically
yeah this is theft auto world
the fluorescent chef world this is Stan
dinosaur world standard practicing
procedure for a Mario game every the
world has a different color palette
there's a nice world that's got ice
there's a lot of world as under water
yeah but I don't know art the art style
just feels more different between these
worlds than they would another Mario
game the the unifying art style is that
of 3d Mario which is a bit more cartoony
which you know like so you go to the
underwater world and you have your
underwater people but they're still kind
of caricatures they're cartoon you have
your snow people and their giant fluff
balls you're adorable right you have the
the fluorescent food level and you have
your fork people but ever so
everything's like miss magical and
cartoony until you have your realistic
assets that stick out like sore thumbs
all right don't you think when you take
like a look at like the fluorescent fork
people and then the the lake mermaids
that art wise these things are kind of
distinct as characters they're very
different you know they they they stand
out character wise but I would say like
they have unique designs but a unifying
art style I don't I don't know that they
do have a unifying art style and I think
that's ironically would unifies the game
everything every world's got its own
style all the character design is is
wonderful and whimsical and kerttu
Nicole I'm not criticizing I am
dissecting and I am criticizing okay
really because everything makes sense in
a Mario game except for the like three
realistically rendered things which to
me felt horribly mishmash in out of
place
I think artistically the whole point was
to take Mario out of his comfort zone
that's the Odyssey his he has never
better at a realistic dinosaur before
that dinosaur didn't make sense when you
ran into the cute little things with
giant eyeballs with the spikes on their
head a whole bunch of different things
mixed together yes that's the point
though that's what they were going for
I'll go ahead and I agree I think this
game is a pastiche of different art
styles not just realistic and cartoony
to me it felt like
sober soon a 51 made a Mario game and I
don't know the next day he's writing a
dinosaur I don't know what can you get
me some coffee ok suda51 with a hangover
I made a Mario game I don't know then it
goes to the moon and are there rabbits
on the moon sure there's fucking rabbits
on the moon we get some awkward music in
here just some weird music he falls out
of space he was in space and now he
fights a dragon can I have an aspirin
give me five minutes
the biggest thing for me was new dog
city new dog city makes no sense it's
fine
I don't light and the the realistic
people were weird and especially given
that Pauline is cartoony looking yeah
their mayor fits within the Mario world
but no one else does and it's very
strange
I like Pauline too by the way before the
polling is great paulie's great
Pauline's great Mario made some poor
choices in his life one of them was
ditching Pauline especially at the end
of this game I know Mario made the wrong
choice cuz let me tell you this about
Pauline whatever else her faults are
Pauline never tried to strand Mario on
the fucking moon
all right
so go and then fucking peach turns down
Mario after saving her for the umpteenth
time look look she doesn't have to
return our affections but for Christ's
sake you know I'm about to make me beg
for a ride home from the moon you know
in my own fucking ship what she stole
overall yeah I enjoyed Super Mario
Odyssey I didn't fully enjoy it though I
have some problems with Super Mario yeah
you know like the basic platforming
stuff is fine like just getting through
the game's awkward like in every 3d
platformer that's fine but you if that's
how you feel about 3d platformers and
that's just a whole 3d platformer thing
I think it's fine I think the jumping is
find here's my problem with Super Mario
honesty my real problem yeah is the
focus on exploration in in something
like mario 64 or Super Mario Sunshine I
felt like every level was a curated
experience a thought was put into how I
saw someone was gonna get from point A
to point B to achieve their treasure
linear linear that would be a fine way
to put it here I don't feel like the
care was put into the levels that other
games I think the care was just it was
just a different direction the care was
some more making it an explorer II kind
of level yeah and that's my problem is
find the moons heavily you want to find
the moons rather than this is the moon
you must find for the setup of this
level a moon can't be considered a
treasure if you find one literally under
a pile of garbage is this only a problem
if you try to be a completionist if you
just if you just go through and do the
main story beat moves like no no there's
the rabbit thing they stole the flower
and you go do those moons and you get
just just the minimum you need to go on
with the story
mmm
does that feel better no there's there's
nothing forcing you to go around and
find every one of the and there's like
it's like close to a thousand I think
it's like eight hundred some moons
really yeah I could be wrong
I've read eight is I have not tried to
get them all because I'm I don't care
about completion no never do I the the
way that a Super Mario game used to work
yeah Mario 64 any any of the other 3d
Mario games right you have to complete a
challenge and your reward for completing
the challenge is a star right or a shine
or a power star or whatever right like
that
I did a feat and my reward is a star now
it's the moons are just either
everywhere you can do the feet of the
moons or whatever like it's so laughs a
day's achill that I'd I'm not even
feeling pressure to complete the story
feet yeah because like I could just run
around the desert and like see a moon
just hanging out on a hill oh yeah
there's a moon why don't why do I care
about fighting the rabbits I got a moon
right here I can run this this is a new
direction for their 3d platformers and
one that I don't much care for the open
world 3d platformer and they I just
don't I don't like it this is banjo
kazooie it's all of the other games had
their hidden items sure within the world
but the emphasis wasn't on the hidden
items the emphasis was on the levels
they do the level you get the prize and
then like okay you want to be a
completionist do it they they do have
that every every every level every world
or Kingdom and this is Bowser stole the
thing yeah go go try to stop him well
you didn't get there in time to rabbits
beat you to it there is a focus there is
a focus to every Kingdom I I feel like
it's out of focus okay on your way to
save the the dress that Bowser is about
to steal you are
tripping over power bottom if you really
want the focus experience ignore them
and do the thing you know is this the
linear story thing but what I'm saying
is you're tripping over things treasures
jump over them it's a platformer jack
jump over them yeah here's here's what I
have discovered
okay with this game collecting shit is
tedious I don't care if it's a moon or a
fucking coin or what yeah I have
recently played this game without
fucking around okay yeah you go into the
to the level and there's a rabbit you
got a fight you go fight the rabbit get
the minimum amount of moons and move on
right and the pace did not drag with
with collect the the 48 thousand moons
just went right through got straight to
Bowser took me about five hours to beat
the game but it was a fun five hours hmm
okay I just think it's it's paced really
good when you're not fucking her around
its colourful you got to jump around you
go to go to neat world yes it's hard to
complain about a game when at a certain
point in that game you are swimming
around in a giant bowl of soup and then
have to quite literally climb up a
fountain of bird vomit in order to
defeat your enemies hard to complain
about that because that's fun it's fun
it's whimsical it's cute it's cartoony
yeah my wrap-up is the the platforming
is on par the boss battles are weak the
gimmick is weak some of the level design
is fun though you give it a
recommendation
it's it's not my favorite game in the
world it's it's one of them it's one of
the better 3d Mario games now my
recommendation is it's a it's a quality
game okay it's like it's a great game
Jake it's a great it's a good game we're
good and great are two very different
things it's somewhere between I think I
think I think great is is somewhat
severe yeah
greatest that's a bit much okay saying
you're saying it's good I think it's
under selling it so I think this game
exists in this awkward place in between
good and great like some people do
reviews and you know it's like a scale
of 1 to 10 and sometimes it's a 100
point scale and the reason they have the
100 point scale is for reasons like this
sure and I want to give this a 90 but 80
seems low it's a it's a 85 it's an 87
this game is an 87 that's you've just
done it you've just given our your first
official number score
congratulations rich now that's a thing
people are gonna want from you is number
scores I'll just start throwing out
random numbers out
