Episode 898
Morning Jack Zero Dawn(Part 1)
November 17, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HVDaGVdHfwg
___________________________________________

hi everyone
hey good morning I'm over here I'm
tweeting I forgot to tweet so I'm gonna
go over here and tweet and I'm glad you
guys are all here the hold on for a sec
I'll be I'll be right back
hey welcome everyone
hey welcome good morning good morning
can you guys hear me okay can you hear
the the choral game audio good morning
good morning I'm at work during office
hours so I can actually watch as well
welcome hold on open here I got my I got
my Santa mug
I got my Santa mug I got my grapefruit
juice so we are good to go
hi hi welcome welcome
so can you can you guys hear me okay can
you hear the game audio okay these are
the important questions before we get
going I have been really excited to play
the frozen wilds and and here we are
Jack keeps a green screen on his
personal times I everyone please
remember I am a what that's what I do
for a living I'm a video producer so I
have a green screen with me at all times
this is a special fold of one that's
behind me at the moment you can hear me
good good you good
sorry I'm running a little bit late
levels seem good thank you Jim Docs I'm
running a little bit late because we
were having some issues I set up the
zoom here you know getting the camera
set up getting the green screen set up
getting xsplit set up here I just took
it took a little bit it's a pocket green
screen it a kind of is a pocket green
screen it folds up to where its diameter
is no more than like three two and a
half three feet and so it like folds in
on itself and then when it pops out it
actually holds itself taut so you don't
get any of the like wrinkles and
crinkles that you would normally get in
a green screen so so yeah it's great
it's great everything's great Wow yeah
it should be fine should be fine
remember that I'm also a moderator so if
I see anything I can also shut you down
things are a little bit weird computer
setup wise I have things in weird places
button
hello good morning everyone there we go
we now we got some coffee
do an Amazon ad for folding green
screens this one's special you know like
you have to like fold it in on itself in
order for it to work button but uh yeah
it's it's great it's not as impressive
as those new Elgato ones I don't know if
you've seen those where it's it's like a
it like rolls in on itself and you just
pop it up those are supposed to be great
has anyone told me I have a good radio
ASMR stop boys I have heard that before
actually I was talking with Rich's
sister after the stream and I think I
might look into that audio book thing
that she's doing it sounded what are you
even doing I'm here I'm playing playing
horizon so you're done here let's go to
continue I'm here and I'm playing games
so I actually looked into that whole
become an audiobook voice-over person
thing that Rich's sister Erin is doing
and it but so it looks it looks
interesting actually a really neat way
to make a simple real for yourself
connect with authors independent authors
and and do all sorts of fun stuff what
books what I read any books I would try
to find like the cheesiest you know I
want to read a book like like Erin is
gonna read where you know it's about a
where rabbit that's the one that Erin's
gonna read so I I want a romance novel
where like you're like a where stapler
like a boy turns into a stapler on the
full moon that's the kind of ebook that
I would read
mmm-hmm see my coffee mug it's Christmas
time please do it in my Michael Caine
voice and that's when I turned into a
stapler and that's when I turned into a
stapler where rabid
are you playing the DLC yes I'm playing
the DLC I just got the DLC and and I'm
really excited to jump into it what am I
doing with my Santa mug I am it's it's
one of the few mugs I have and it's a
good mug it's one of the few mugs that I
own all right I gotta remember where I
left off I you know I need to figure out
where the frozen wilds are I did get the
mega armor you know the glowing mega
armor I have to remember how to play
this game I also like I have not played
this game in quite a long time so this
is that's the important part the role
'button Jack buys t-shirts not mugs is
true it's true I have a couple months
show say hey Oh bother
sorry I'm cutting in on your show time
can I say oh my god just like rich Evans
no no one can
late attack heavy attack okay now where
am I going
what am i doing oh I just hit the share
button nope
get out of here get out of here it has
been so freaking long whoa oh no that's
there it is here okay so so here's the
map here's all the stuff I've done I've
done uh sigh you know almost a hundred
percent at everything here these are
these are all the things that I've done
and up here you can see where the frozen
wilds are so this is the new DLC area
heimo scores air
the map is kind of big yeah the map is
kind of big it's not it's not super
powerful like weird
and quest
oh wait says does it not count my save I
did beat the game
okay great
using inquest is this oh that's close to
where I'm I'll go to that okay
great great great where are the Legos I
have I only have with me right here I
have a Lego cannon you can even tell
that is a Lego cannon that I keep at my
desk I don't know why I keep it at my
desk but I do we are we are fairly close
to a good thing over here so is it
possible play this without spoiling the
main story I haven't played yet I don't
know I assume everything is gonna be
different I have already deep the main
story so I'm sorry if across any
spoilers we'll see this is really
surreal because I usually watch prereq
streams on YouTube while working and I'm
not used to actually participating them
well welcome Craig nation welcome to the
stream
it's the opposite direction see what
Raveena say what's the problem
betrayal by my own blood I was meant to
go on a machine hunting expedition to
the Bannu quiets with real hunters then
the rumors began new machines and evil
miasma many dead viniq and so on and so
forth so my father won't allow me to go
says there's too much danger for a noble
sign do you always do what your father
tells you brah yes of course I don't
know oh let's see here
what kinds of new machines that's
exactly it
my father's right
and the evil miasma who knows what those
tenth welling savages consider evil or a
miasma
I just want to hunt honestly why even
give me a sword for my 16th year
what's a sword for if not for
brandishing this game is so amazingly
pretty it is and you know I can see it
on stream already like my capture card
does wash out some of the colors a
little bit but I do think this game is
gorgeous
have you ever actually hunted machines
I've had our bearers carry a lance horn
for me to shoot at so I like it
it's movement was fearfully realistic
and I'm not hunting in the beneath why
that's super paying attention to the
story we're just oh no that's so far
from the sun's light the expedition
would be swallowed up just picked up
this game at half price it's a place
they fucking dollars nice something of
the noise this is this is a favorite of
mine from from this past year but now
why am I not playing Super Mario because
I didn't much care there's a pass
through the northeastern mountains I
really did not much care for Super
Market yes I'll have to look into these
rumors myself made a whole thing about
it's beyond the grave hoard past the
northeastern man whole thing about how I
didn't much care mean to go alone to
that a lot of people singing legs
I suppose Outlanders can do whatever
they didn't be here for a son if only I
wasn't born Noble yeah sounds tough
you sank requests into the frozen wilds
I do have some different outfits but I I
prefer
like I like her just a regular outfit I
think that one looks the best it's this
one no that one's kind of badass
this one's alright with just a little
modification but then I got the shield
Weaver ancient technology salvaged by a
Lloyd and stitched to Norah leather
protects a damage absorbing force shield
takes time to recharge when depleted I
think it looks cool but I don't like
that it has like a little glow all over
it when I when I first wanted to get
this armor I assumed it would be like a
full body you know like a like a like a
halo armor and I was like that'd be
awesome
but Jack needs to be a hair louder or
the audio needs to be a hair not only
can do that anything I can make me a
hair louder if I go like this how is
that for out how's that for a hair
louder chat how do we feel about this we
feel about this volume
how do we feel about this there you go
ah better boom great it's so much easier
to adjust levels when it's just me it's
a crime I should hold on I need more
coffee I'll be right back
how dangerous gonna be
it's in the opposite direction of the
forbidden West
son king of odd spies saved prince ito
men from the shadow carter now they have
no claim on the throne are we sure this
is the real jack it's not
it usually takes them way longer to fix
tech problems it's right now I am
streaming I believe like the majority of
people stream I think most people stream
by themselves actually in an office type
setting with everything easily within
arm's reach the fact that we usually
stream with you know we use the stream
with the two of us there's multiple
microphones there's there's more points
of failure the way we normally stream
so now it's it's been 20 minutes time to
stand up not yet house here which of
three going I actually I have not been
playing Witcher 3 because we've been
playing some other games we just
recorded a new episode for hand of fate
- yesterday matter of time before an
author on tried to kill this and that we
were at a fire
so I actually have not gotten any
further in The Witcher 3 because we've
been playing other games gravelord how
do I do this again
I can tie faster at home I can't fast
travel there for some reason I can tie
fast travel
it's morning not that funny I had to
fades and if into we both really enjoyed
spoiler
okay I came fast travel shit then we're
gonna need me an animal so hand if a2 is
really good we just recorded our episode
of it yesterday
and as a as a heads up it will be the
the first episode in a new format look
at that Turkey I know a lot of people
are not happy with with our new
audio-only format and I hear you and I
and more important it's you the one who
saved Meridian from that asaram lunatic
No so what another new format so what we
are going to des what five nine is we
are going to bring back out there in the
quarry the old format we are going to
bring back us sitting and talking where
you can see our faces we've we figured
out a way to do a set that is simple and
easy to move around and won't get
anyone's ways and also already utilizes
other sets that are there so we figured
out an easy way to to record ourselves
for the full episodes but there are some
games where we just don't have a lot to
say or we just want to you know get some
ideas out after playing just a couple of
hours and so that's where we're going to
realize the animation the audio my
friend might do how to fight feed you
did this
most defense and so we are going to the
hand of fate to will be our first free
wreck the quarry is for instance what I
think I'm gonna call it which app will
be a short audio only with the little
pixel a skies
and it's for games that we just don't
maybe have a lot to say about or shorter
episodes yeah and then we can still put
out more episodes anything and you guys
should be our QE
I like that sorry pressures getting to
me not used to murder no nothing unusual
well we've been doing a little blasting
lately I hear my mace I've I've been
seeing all of the negative comments and
I've been evaluating them as far as you
know who is giving me you know who is
giving me valuable criticism I think
that's important you know discerning
good criticism just I don't like it cuz
you know and we wanted to give it what
no son am I supposed to do a mouth a
fair shot so we used to give it a few
episodes but this kind of thing is my
specialty we wanted to give it a fair
chance we gave it a few episodes but so
yeah we're gonna we're gonna give it a
try here fire need to find I need to
find some animals hold on I need to find
an animal to ride I can't ride those
guys
I can ride these guys I can write
broadheads I can ride Striders okay so I
will
that way you do whatever you want I do
oh no but I do and I want to make sure
that we're I want to make sure that
we're putting out a product that people
like and that it's the best that we can
and overwhelmingly people want to see
our faces and and so I hear you
that's the nice thing about the shield
it absorbs fall damage yeah there's a
broad broad head sight makes it up so
you don't have the Freak that just calls
an animal automatically you know what I
might it's just been so freaking long
it's been so long since I've played this
game I'm not even sure I'm not even sure
what
oh I do have that part oh I remember how
this works
oh I remember how this works okay
there's a lot there's a lot of just game
to remember here
go back to Nier automata and or did you
like it no I never went back to near
automata never went back to it didn't
super get into it I know you know it's a
lot of people's favorite of last year
but I just never really got into it
where am I going
okay so I'm gonna stick on this road
game footage segments usually those were
were mentioned for a purpose the point
of the gameplay only footage in the
reviews is almost as a chapter great is
when we're moving on to a new subject or
if I think something happens funny and
then you know but if we if we change
topic that's what those
excuse me
dick do these robot animals poop uh we
would assume he was absolutely assume so
yes absolutely
jack will never get richer do a morning
trim any more than they'll ever get Mike
to show first room that's that's
probably true listen rich rich is a
night owl rich is a night person
necessarily my thing you got to keep
moving here
I can auto run that's something actually
I really like about the witcher's they
have like auto run like stay stay on
target stayed and your roach stays on
the path
ready to fight yet I'm not ready to
fight yet fight
I don't want to fight
lose a nail or keep moving there are
dragon things in this yeah those burgers
you know well they're all metal like
there's a metal bird fucking robot
dinosaurs man get with it get hip I get
up campfire over here I should save real
quick I should save real quick just to
make sure like I've been really enjoying
where's your three it's just a gameplay
wise I've been enjoying it you know
story-wise I'm I'm a little lost I don't
quite know what's happening and I don't
really care
is my other problem I just don't care
this
Bryson's are done was a story that
actually was was invested in you know I
liked you know learning about the world
and figuring out about a Lily's past and
nothing and what flopped and weekly
here's the frozen wilds I was into this
story and part of that might just be
because I don't much care for fantasy
setting
okay
back
I'm not ready for this fight and I don't
think this is how I get up there
I hope and what am i doing and where am
I going
these are important questions to know
but this is a fantasy setting this isn't
the same fantasy you know what I mean
fantasy orcs orcs and dragons and
knights and castles this is sci-fi this
is science fiction because of robots I
don't much care for the tolki in fantasy
settings check math maybe oh yeah I'm
just exploring around first see if I can
get close
yes sf Parliament Toki in a fantasy
those are the settings that's like yeah
those get old after a while I don't care
about Knights I've never cared about
like knights and castles and shit you
are now I'm now leaving the play area
but that's where I need to go
oopsie doops
okay
might regret this now leaving the play
area those are words that you should not
hear in an open-world game now leaving
the play area really enjoyed the world
of Dragon it you know there were some
decent stuff and Dragon Age I like I
like the monsters
I like monsters but like all of that
story stuff in Dragon Age my house is
doing this in the hunter and it's my
Dragon Age impression none of that I
cared for
any upcoming movies you're interested in
oh you know I was just reading about
thelma there's a movie there's a movie
that I think is coming to like the indie
theaters here in town called Thelma and
it's it's an arty-farty superhero movie
and it looks it looks really good
my quasi superhero II movie and it looks
like they're doing a monster as metaphor
thing with the superpowers but yeah
Thelma looks great
Jack's head disappeared oh yeah because
I was checking my computer which is over
there if i swivel my chair the overlay
on the bottom is much nicer well yes
thank you
I hear that we change things up and look
that's sir
I'm out the killing them say I've heard
good things about the killing of a
sacred gear yes there's good things
about that I don't know much about it
but I was reading up
that looks very impressive Jim Jack
already finished this game yes Pizza
train yes I did already finish this game
but I am now about to head to the frozen
wilds this is the new DLC area and I
really I should practice fighting and
you know there are these these things
here and I should really see if I could
fight one
to practice my plating
now what
ah good times it's all coming back to me
now it's all coming back to me now
I can see clearly set the blind man
pissing into the wind
my focus
what is this daytime solo stream change
is skip speaking of change is scary look
there's a big guy over there yeah you
know I
we couldn't stream last night and I
wanted to make sure we got one in so so
I was free this morning and I said heck
I can do it solo stream this morning
yeah muscle memory does the traveler
speaks muscle memory it really does take
a while to come back you get into a
eventual real groove with games where
you just kind of know what to do in what
situation and mine is all sorts of theft
right now can I just say coming up here
I don't know if you guys can see this
here this is one of my favorite things
in in sci-fi dystopian is is just the
windmills that are left over
that's one of my very favorite sci-fi
things it's just you know the technology
leftover and lo I don't know if I'm
ready for this fight yet
hey guys thank you should I fight him
okay well I guess the fighting great
you can help me fight the big ocean
nothing's gonna be fine
to help me fight
sorry guys this is gonna be great it's
gonna be
traps I remember traps
what
Oh
there we go that's the narrow that knock
shit up
yeah you fuck
oh I remember this this is weapon this
is weapon
you can knock weapons off of bigger ones
use them against them
it's not gonna three-step country
not good enough
what did you get here
okay what now
some more dinosaurs have come in still
gonna be fine
yeah now I'm gonna break into that
okay you would be so dead without my
she'll ever absent fucking movie
I already
everything's broken everything's
terrible
it's pretty tricky
what is the name of this enemy I don't
know justify one of those situation for
loot camera boo
I really should have done some research
before fighting this and learned its
weakness
I remember secondary hallway
do it
that is a thunder JA my friends that was
a thunder JA and we just kicked its ass
got too much already nice alright let's
let's see what's around here
you should have wrote it you
unfortunately you cannot ride the funder
job there are some animals that you can
take over and ride but
see it's lutes and corpses here and then
let's do some crafting craft there's
like quick crafting here so you can like
quickly craft arrows which
things to craft it oh that's right I
have a bomb thrower those are awesome
all right great
everything's great guys we did it
like this versus a lino fight which is
better up I think that these fights are
better I like fighting the robots more
only because there are more options and
obviously I basically tripped my way
through that one because I'm still
learning all of the combat it's 1:00 in
the morning here what do I do go to bed
but there's more options here you can
lay traps
there's the tie-down cables where you
can you know confine them to an area
like I said you know you can rip weapons
off of your enemies and use them against
your enemies so I prefer these fights
only because there's more options finish
the game still learning all the combat
it's been several months since I played
or I don't know if you're talking about
yourself but all right I got to get more
coffee and then we'll keep going I'll be
right back
BRB gotta get more coffee
hello so much cuff well you know it's
it's a it's a carafe of coffee I make
one basically pot of coffee which gives
me approximately three Santa Clauses
clauses in the morning and so I get you
know three cups of coffee
he's pour over coffee so I have like a
this little carafe and grandma beans
grind him fresh every morning
so it's it's nice coffee
so yeah I a drink nice coffee I do three
cups in the morning if I'm working in
the afternoon I do another three cups or
sometimes like if we're two shoots you
know
so at most I'm drinking maybe four to
six cups of coffee a day sometimes it's
just the 3:00 in the morning
I will not sit idly into the microphone
I'm sorry quality rating for different
coffee preparation styles you know that
that's it's a personal preference it's
personal preference and there's a lot of
X factors for what kind of there's a lot
of factors for example how many people
are drinking coffee if it's just you
then what you know how fast do you want
that coffee is another factor I know you
know a lot of people shit on the curated
system and I think it's bad coffee but
Hank if you're only drinking one cup of
coffee a day and you want it instantly
yeah why not
for me when I'm drinking just one cup of
coffee a day I'll pull out my own arrow
press which is like a souped-up French
press that I'll just give you one
incredibly tasty cup of coffee really it
well Lance fine this time really it what
it gives you is approximately two shots
of espresso
I'll get a different coffee maker yes
arrow press arrow press is the way to go
if you're if you're just having one cup
and you know especially when I travel I
make sure to bring the arrow press with
me it because you're never quite sure on
whether or not you can get quality
coffee anywhere you go but usually
wherever you go you will have someone
will have a way to make hot water you
can't go that way or also get into a
dead zone again
and so I always bring my arrow press
with me whenever travel like Starbucks
double expresso can oh yeah those are
great with a little a little bit of
cream in them those are nice
is it true that Jack love's coffee it is
more than true I am thoroughly
thoroughly addicted to coffee I am
shocked like I wanted to get the this
screen set up and running before I had
my coffee and I'm frankly shocked I was
able to go do I travel as often as
possible
I get out
exactly that I have a breakfast and two
eggs lentils and spinach like a half the
breakfast every morning
two eggs Fistful of lentils and spinach
the colored dinosaur eggs as when when I
make them the way I make them at the end
of kind of looks like a dinosaur egg
can I ride sawtooth these are all my
skills I've almost no traveler skills
wait are these new
sounds healthy it's great it's you know
about you know two and a half ounces of
cooked spinach seven spoonfuls of
lentils I love oh I love lentils two
lentils are one of my favorite beans I
went to my one of my favorite beans
is a breakfast that I enjoyed thoroughly
I think even if I wasn't on any
particular calorie restrictive diet I
would have
a breakfast like that because I could
use my auto call Monson again buddy I'm
just gonna enjoy walking around for a
bit sometimes you just like walking
lentils and stupid lentils anywhere and
lentils all the time every day off
I have gotten up a mountain but I have
my super oh so much for being careful I
have my super armor so I should be able
to
he's what are you doing streaming at
this early hour I am making up for us
not streaming last night and I really do
apologize I like to be consistent with
our streams unfortunately we were not
able to stream last night so I said hey
I have the morning free I'm gonna stream
this morning and you know this is
something that you guys like I know back
back in the day Sunday's used to be Jack
solo streams and those you know
eventually morphed into just another
streaming day for the both of us and you
guys like this I I'm able to stream
mornings some say if I don't have if I
don't have work to do you know I'm
playing video games anyway most of the
time
what the article said lentils are great
soup base lentils are I mean lentils are
great I just was and end of sentence
lentils are great details on my oh we
just weren't able to shoot last night
streaming his work yeah streaming is
work but it's also fun
screaming is work for the trail one
morning screams well if you guys like it
we can we can add this to a some sort of
you'll resent this Jack because it's
hard to enjoy game of your trip I I
won't be able to play new games
definitely don't be able to play new
games but let's do a little let's do a
little combat practice
that's great one shot them in the eye
with your arrow oh I wonder I wonder if
I'm that good yet
probably not that's the transformer
sound that's true how's my current lego
situation I have a basement full of Lego
oh oh you mean like cleanliness wise
well let me tell you we actually had a
we had a talk with the kids about their
lego situation and we we came to an
agreement
they have been wanting as they get as
they're getting older they have been
wanting a TV of their own you know
watches their stuff and so we came up
with a devious agreement which was they
clean and organize the Legos all by
themselves and keep it clean for two
weeks and if they were able to keep it
clean for two weeks we would talk about
getting getting their own television and
it works they they they did
keep it clean my game of the year would
happen to be horizon zero dawn yeah you
know it's up there it's something that
suckers basically yeah basically they're
suckers but they did it they kept it
clean and and so yeah we got him a a
tiny tiny television with us you know
Netflix and stuff that kind of stuff
built in and they've been happy and
actually they've even kept it clean
since then like those are those trees
are important for arrows if you've never
played yeah I noticed you were using so
much melee attacks mainly not very good
I like melee I have the perk where my
strong melee attack can knock over
animals and so then I can use the
finishing blow very easily so is rich
gonna be here no rich won't be up for a
few hours yet so just me today
just me today this is a morning jack
solo scream here we go again
how would i rank rises are done most
other ps4 exclusives high highly very
highly obviously you know there is very
little that would be flown blood-borne
in my opinion but horizon zero dawn is
up there
everything's fine everything's fine all
the time that's true all right we're
getting close we're getting close to the
new area guys oh and we have some tips
this is a bad gamer Korean who says this
is to thank you for the Euro friendly
stream hello from Dublin hello hello bad
gamer Korean ever been I've never been
to Ireland at all I moved here from New
York City about a year ago and loved it
it gets rainy a lot but never snows come
for the Guinness I would love to go to
Ireland I think that's that's on my
lists of places that I do want to go
more Europe more Europe
collecting data says as an overnight
worker thank you much for the morning
stream I can relax with some
prereq in my evening before bed in your
evening yeah you know I think it's it's
important I know there's a lot of we
have a lot of Euro viewers and people
have been asking for more euro friendly
streams in this well unfortunately this
is what you can get because rich is such
a night owl that you just get me but
hopefully it's good enough okay let's
see here did you support EA by buying
the new Star Wars no I and I thought
people had gotten over this whole
pre-order thing and weren't doing it
anymore and rich and I really did not
like the last Star Wars game if you
remember we we did not have a good time
playing the first battlefront game
oh those crabby guys I know those guys
those are cool
those are cool robots all the robots are
cool robots
sadly no people still pre-order we got
we got a we got to do better we got to
do better people just one of those
things you know I'm not saying
everything EA will ever do and does do
is terrible but eventually you gotta
find the pattern and I've been seeing
all of the all of the the craziness
about on the a and they're gaming
practices and they're microtransactions
and how terrible it is but even more
amazing is if you guys been paying
attention to the threads talking about
how insanely profitable it is
there was supposedly that
there was reportedly an ex-dea employee
or something on a reddit thread here and
they're talking about how profitable
these micro transactions are and how you
didn't even need a large user base in
order to make it work they said you know
most of their profits came from 10% of
the user base and out of that 10% it was
only 1% that was really contributing to
the bottom line with with certain
players just you know single players
contributing thousands of dollars by
themselves
and he that was that was the real
surprising thing how little they care
about all the games because as long as
they as long as I can get that 10% they
don't care about the majority of us
they're gonna get their money from the
minority
just like phone games
you're saying there's 1% of the
population I can spend a bunch of money
and shit like that you this is what you
get it you get it but to me it's very
telling of their business model because
they are they don't care about just
making a fun game that will sell well on
its own
they are poking at the metrics button
and and all that means is that we need
to support them even less because they
don't care about us and they'll go off
in their niche they'll still make a ton
of money because of that 1% but it is a
multiplayer game so what we can do is
not give that 10% that 1% who is giving
them all the money the fun of playing
against us because these are multiplayer
games and so they need a large user base
in order to make it fun for the few
people that pay them a lot of money so
I was talking to a guy who worked at
Marvel Mobile worked on a marble Marvel
mobile game and told me that their two
top users spent over seventy thousand on
the game two users
reportedly to users contributing a
hundred and forty thousand that's nuts
but that's in line with you know what
what we've heard from other game
developers and and you know it's it's
it's all the same stuff they don't know
one they don't they doesn't care about
us
don't care about us they don't care
about us
YouTube doesn't care about us pretty
lights support support those developers
that are just out there in a good game
that's actually you know that was one of
the reasons why I decided to revisit
Witcher 3 is after watching
the notebook documentary about the
developers and just how passionate they
were as gamers and as developers and
they didn't really you know they never
got into like a what we looked at the
metrics and we wanted to you optimize
the user experience for them waffled why
they they just today we wanted to make a
fun game based off of this series that
we all want and so that's what that's
what eventually made me re-evaluate what
Witcher 3
you know I know you guys say that I
shouldn't use the melee weapons but I
love
smacking the robots God I found this not
to mention guerilla games for this game
came out single price with very few bugs
got a bunch of patches and stuff and a
good sized expansion DLC for a single
price exactly there are good even within
EA right there are good people working
and there is nothing more powerful than
voting with your dollar as far as these
situations are concerned
eighteen pieces of free DLCs said that
projects gave away eighteen plus pieces
of DLC for free within over 60 Plus
hours of expansion this is what I'm
saying it's all good stuff
all good things there's a guy I'm not
talking about because we're about to get
into the frozen wilds we've made it we
finally made it
well we are what nine hundred feet away
we're getting there
do you not have a perk that slows down
time I do I do but I was also using the
precise arrow which takes a long time to
wind up I really should have switched
that to I love the this one with Tara
blasts arrows that's my preferred error
the one that blows up after you did
voting vicia varlets is just a fancy way
of saying don't buy stuff from shit
companies yes yeah
dollar votes man that's that's that's
the whole deal miss the whole shebangs
is don't buy shitty things and buy good
things and I know I'm I'm speaking into
the void because you know this very
weekend this very weekend we get a new
Batman V Superman
but
but the Bladerunner movie
okay
get down
you just want to see the first
how about nobody go to see distance
right well that's what I'm just saying
Justice League is probably gonna make a
decent normal but you know such is the
way of the world
brands are a powerful motivator
unfortunately
well and things like you know things
like after the bag and you know
reviewers and critics and myself you
which included doing free rec we're not
helping because we know people want to
hear about work we know that people want
to hear
I gotta get a turn about Batman vs.
Superman is a thing that people want to
talk about and so we want to give people
the thing they want to hear about them
in touch
I was so good on vesicles in my opinion
Starkiller I'm with you I loved it I was
really happy I was really happy with it
and I enjoyed the original man I was
really happy that I got to see it in
theater with you know the mega surround
sound which made it even more enjoyable
yep
everything
no audio is fine can you get here you
should be able to still hear me
I'm getting out of here
this thing sounds like so just sounds
like that's gonna be great you know the
early early reviews are not favorable
button
I just
there there we go game gets loud okay
there we go nothing matters great
close-up of jack absolutely I say what
we got here first-person curler says
thanks for the CET friendly streams do
you like paper clips what I sure do play
universal paper clip a browser game that
will take you places almost as easy as
making bug porn oh well
weird that's a strange tip confirmed
extol Mike I borrowed a microphone from
the our 11 Studios borrowed
a microphone
and I double-checked
and I will overturn this microphone
what
at this point I think Jack ignores my
pixel-art question on purpose lol I'm
sorry Highlander while playing I do try
to scan the chat I don't catch everyone
I am certainly not ignoring you but I
just when I scan over I'm not seeing it
so very sorry
permanently baharat exactly let's see I
want to make pixel art a prereq what
would you want it to be
pixel art of prereq we need to we need a
casual horse
we need a casual horse picture so
someone hiding on the side of a horse
that we can't see who's sneaking casual
horse
I love casual horse
can't see me how many copies of nuclear
there currently so many like he got
plate two biscuits around here somewhere
this is you know normally his napping
time so he's probably not gonna hang out
but he's around here he's around here
somewhere all right here we are we are
getting to the frozen wilds we are
almost there gonna hide from whoever is
trying to find us here because I don't
want to fight anything I say right as he
finds me all right we'll move a move
explore
yeah
yeah what
gotcha dick verdict great got it alright
stupid bird alright we got it we got to
go to the Vanek wilds now where are we
going where we going we're close this
way this way it to the road right that
right that's right
this way
you're making where my gun
--mode idea a casual horse biscuit and
corn shucking prom print Oh prom
princess yes we do need a prom princess
why does the robot need flapping wings
he still needs to fly there's no jet
engine but tell us um dad jokes I'm
actually pretty bad at dad jokes I'm
pretty my puns are poor
my poor ponies
I can't get out of this here we go now
we got a rope come on boy now we got a
road do we here's our road is this a
road am I on it I'm on it
great into the frozen wilds it's
happening
a jet engine would be cooler it's true
atta boy Johan tests I still love that
joke I know technically it's a lot poyo
hottest and really that just speaks to
the fact that we don't write our jokes
out ahead of time we that so in my head
you know just elbow Johan tests was the
correct thing to say so I said it if we
did write our jokes out ahead of times
someone surely would have corrected me
and we would have gotten that right and
it would have been a lot boy Johan des
this must be the fast reviewed was
talking about was the new territory just
above
polio evokes the chicken franchise which
is funny well that's what I was thinking
of is is you know I just Noel poyo
and so that's why I said it oh we go
over here okay area
congratulations on the winning joke
that's that first of all thank you thank
you it's always it's always nice when
you have the winning joke because of
course it is a competition
Jack what exactly made you lean in while
watching double out just how confusing
it was I it was an unconscious thing I I
just wanted to understand I wanted the
movie to make sense and so you just want
to get closer so you don't miss anything
like Oh some small piece of dialogue
that will explain why things are things
so something that would make DoubleDown
make sense and it's just not there it's
it's so confounding we got stuff now oh
my god this way and so it wasn't I was
not I was not doing a bit when I was is
this not a campfire I can say that the
clips won't dead I waste time playing in
the snow
turn to your desk you know the movie
special when Jack holds it right well
you know sometimes sometimes it's it's a
it's a reflex
just how bad it is the nuke shamans
thread blue cables through their skin
right kind of like someone else we know
huh
so maybe the real reason you want me to
stay clear of the nuke is just
it's not the past that concerns me boy
it's the future which is why you should
I read forever
welcome welcome to the stream hope you
are having a fine day we are here we are
going to find the blue milk we have
finally made it to the frozen wilds we
are now in DLC territory we are out of
main game into DLC right are we in there
are we in the the fog
oh we're not quite in the fog yet we're
close we're close to in the fog
why is she moaning cuz she's climbing
yes
oh crap oh crap oh crap oh crap
dang it dang it
hang out there for something
everything's gonna knock em back
I have all these bombs that I always
forget
running away
he's gonna dine up know I saved right
before the law it'll be fine
or right before we encounter this guy
I'm not gonna die I'm not gonna
we're here fall into my really poor the
place trap
fire fighter won't help Claire won't
help
running away running away running away
it'd be fine
I don't know what that weakness is
oh okay jack in the house jack you look
like I don't know what that means
okay hold on we need what do we need
here what do we need here we need a
different bow ice ice is his weakness
that's what it is okay I think okay ice
ice ice ice ice so
fuck I'm cut I'm cotton okay
everything's right
I'm running running running is ace not
his weakness
dad miss Rita
or am I just not hitting it with it
there we go here we go here we go hit
him hit him hit him
those guys sucks
all right just kissing
okay okay okay okay okay
I look up almost got him
Oh everything's gonna be fine
he used to be badass at this and cock
cricket I did I did I got really lucky
and remember this is the first time I
have played this game in I mean when did
that episode when did our review of this
came out I haven't played it since then
it has been months this is the first
time I picked up this game in months I
did it perfect and I'm just happy that I
survived to be quite frank with you I
think what it was saying what it was
telling me was that his weakness was ice
but I don't know when you hit him with
ice you'll see a little ice icon show
Bo's ap when you feel that icon all the
way up he'll get frozen ok great who the
real hero is the shield oh I would be so
dead without my very special shield
armor so very dead ok so if like I
haven't played this since February and I
was still able to defeat him obviously
with a little help from my special
shield armor Big Ups but you know I also
did obtain that special shield armor
that was something that I got I earned
I had been shalini welcome welcome to
the stream and it's same with fire once
if one is fired a week you keep hitting
them with fire stuff until the fire icon
fills up ok well that's good to know
that is helpful it's over here we
climbed up all the way over here see if
there's a fire or something that we can
save our progress at looks like there is
not oh wow
also remember to craft resistance
potions oh shit I'm forgetting about all
this stuff oh I just have bombs - oh you
can place bombs people do you even
remember do you even remember my back
welcome back dr. doom it up not too good
you want to consider equipping the bow
with the hardpoint
arrows that's for really fast yeah I'm
really like my Terra blast arrows my
precision arrows seem to take a long
time and my harvest arrows I've never
much cared for that what what other bow
do I have actually my other bow
electric arrow snow arrow and confuse
arrow that's pretty good and this bow
has just the regular hardpoint and fire
arrow so I have some extra I have some
bow options I do like my Terra blast
though big fan is this game worth buying
a ps4 force as cooking with mustard gas
this game alone probably not you add
into the mix blood-borne and you add
into the mix all the other games that
you can play on a ps4 that are available
on other systems and you start to add up
to something that's worth it ok this and
blood-borne you might get yourself a
case you might you might get yourself a
case for this in blood-borne ah you know
rocket League is also on this obviously
that's on just about every single system
but I think there's enough games to make
a Playstation 4 worth it and there's
enough exclusives to make it worth it
but but but but but
what's my game of the year's OB Isle I
don't know I've enjoyed a whole lot I've
enjoyed a whole lot this I've enjoyed
Legend of Zelda breath of the wild might
be it off just off the top of my head
that I had I had the the deepest
experience with you sure you'll be warm
enough up here Nora I've worked up a
sweat from the climb yeah dick Jackie
got to get around to yak who's a zero
there's a lot there's a lot to get
around is Jack still reading tips I
thought I collect yeah I believe I'm
caught up on tips I should be caught up
on tips if you tipped and I didn't read
it let me know and I might need to
restart my stream tip alert err
I just bought a new Xbox and I haven't
touched my ps4 pro since oh yeah well no
everybody's different
not that you'll stay long bunch of dicks
what is a dick up here bison is own
thanks for coming out
thanks for hanging out with us on this
Thursday morning my i get you know like
my issue with x-box my issue with buying
an Xbox is that anything that's
available on Xbox is also available on
the PC and so if you already have a PC
there's no reason to buy an xbox but the
PlayStation 4 still has a few exclusives
that make it worth purchasing alongside
a PC so I'm gonna take a little break
small break
all this coffee has gone in it must
leave now so you guys hang out for just
a second I will be back in you know 5 5
10 15 20 25 30
