Episode 900
Too Close to the Sun (Superflight part 1)
November 20, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-0USa0rLgs
___________________________________________

is that better now they should be able
to hear us all right it looks like again
it's very possible that they can now
hear us our levels gonna be alright or
are they possibly super they should our
level should be oh look at you look at
you when you talk and then yeah when I
talk there you're far looks like you're
far louder than me but yeah maybe not it
looks like we're about the same did we
sound good
you need to be adjusted they can tell us
and they will tell us we can hear you I
was fine you guys suck perfect
everything's fine mic levels are fine
great hey everybody welcome to the
stream welcome thanks I don't know how
much time we're going to get out of this
game uh-huh
this game we saw four minutes ago uh-huh
called superfly yep and oh my god oh my
god I already crashed you did it
apparently get points for flying close
to walls yes you get more points for
flying through holes and stuff so like
if you've ever seen those like like Red
Bull YouTube videos of people in flight
suits flying down mountains that's what
this game is and that's all this game
yeah it's like a wingsuit simulator and
just kind of fly around in your wingsuit
and try to get points then that's it man
portal I wonder portal I can't see
portal means I'm blind now you just
weren't facing the thing this game is
one more thing it's three dollars that's
true this game is currently three
dollars on Steam oh and let me tell you
it is worth it this is a xenical theory
yep
I was about to say that it was a Zen
experience until you yelled oh shit rich
way to go so I appear to be able to go
up to no sliding down yeah I think you
need a bit of a you need a bit of
momentum in order to fly up okay okay so
is this game buying time while something
else is readied or no this is kind of
what we're playing now we have other
things that we can play we were thinking
about playing want to see this we will
give this a shot and I don't think this
is gonna carry us through a whole night
I can't imagine
I really cannot imagine I can always
play more hand to faith though than one
hates hand of faith is always empty l5
which was talking about getting its
superhot that we have options we have
nothing but options
we have nothing but I know where to go
there's nowhere to go I see I must have
missed this tip the other day when I was
streaming it's from true blue review who
says hey Jack what do you think of doom
and Skyrim getting ported to the switch
seems like the main selling point is
then being portable but is it really
worth three buying especially with dooms
graphical downgrade no I don't know why
you would want to play doom on a switch
unless you unless that's the only way
you can play you know that's fine yeah
I'm not a sudden that it's available on
the switch but it's not it would never
be my first choice if you have doom on
the PC or any other console there's no
reason to rebuy it unless you absolutely
need to play doom while taking a shit
exactly exactly
I've heard matter I've I've heard of
many people who love that Skyrim is now
portable because apparently the
prospects of playing Skyrim while
shitting is very popular I don't I've
never played Skyrim so I don't know why
that's a thing but grandma Tarkin - no
you cannot do barrel works it's just
it's just the stick just flying
nice rich and you see like that little
point counter and then as soon as you're
clear from whatever got you the points
you collect those points and you fly
around and try to get more points that's
it
yes tetris geek says the goal of this
game is to almost die as much as
possible without actually dying yes do a
thing that looks now
yeah it's messed it up how's that yeah
do a thing that looks cool it's a good
run yep it's fine run the game audio is
annoying you know what as soon as
Richards done with this run I'll turn
the game audio down it's there's no
music it's just wind noises and the
clinky clinky of you getting points I
find it very zen it's totally worth
three bucks I gotta say that this is
totally worthy I already feel like I've
gotten the money's worth and you didn't
even pay fright I hold on I'm just gonna
turn the game audio down just a smidge
there there we go
I've turned it down a bit
it's you know it's okay this game isn't
appealing to everyone it's it's very
limited but you know I think it's fun
let's see here what do you guys think of
services like miiverse shutting down and
leaving many features of entire games
unplayable this is what happens when you
have online connectivity rich this is
why I'm a big advocate of single-player
games and games not being tied to an
Internet or an Internet service there's
something very important right she
brings it up a lot
my response is dog this is going to
happen sooner or later
and it might happen to other things too
so this it's a cautionary tale it's a
cautionary tale my friends
oh nice that was sick rich he's got so
many achievements
I play this game for 30 minutes and then
never again I could see that I could see
that I can also see this being like a
thing that a game developer made hoping
that they could fit it into a bigger
game you know like yeah you know what if
what if in that uncharted game we had a
wingsuit section let me let me come up
with a prototype of wingsuit area and
they showed this to people at Naughty
Dog's
and the Naughty Dog said no
oh nice rich you did it I'm pretty happy
about that yeah that's good that's a
good point right no that would be way
too much fun for an uncharted game well
or a game of the light you know goo this
would be a great way to get to different
islands in an island hopping adventure
or planets in a space game yeah this
could be this could be a really fun
mechanic in a different game or like
this is very similar I think to or this
would be a different option in something
like breath of the wild where instead of
your little glider that just goes down
like what if what if you got to like
wingsuit from place to place that would
be awesome
let's pee need to see a tool-assisted
run of mmm a tool-assisted where
everything's pretty the controls are
pre-programmed oh oh sure someone is
asking in chat and rich does have a
dragon Mooney says what about steam
entire libraries are connected yes
service yes
steam is a gamble steam is a risk steamy
you don't own anything on steams why I
always say when you have the option to
buy things on gog.com seems a necessary
evil because it's the only way you can
get a lot of shit nice so this game
these maps are procedurally generated
but only when you leave the map area so
like rich is playing the same map over
and over but then when he leaves like
like when he died when he drove down
then a new map area got procedurally
generated but this map will stay the
same forever so rich could find like the
ultimate path in here sure it's it's
procedural or they're just a number of
different maps I believe they said it
was perceived today ok I want to speak
too soon I barely sure I am fairly
certain that they said procedure oh god
yeah and you know gog is now offering
many of the services that steam offers
but you still have the option to
download right a copy but you know you
can if you like achievements you can do
that on GOG there's seen a friend
tracking and gifting and in digital
sales and all sorts of stuff that GOG is
now offering that steam has but also the
ability to download and play without an
internet connection
so yeah I I'm with rich I I and I'm
double with rich after watching the
other noclip documentary because you
know it's always fun to have a you know
the a nice little it's it's nice to have
a good guy right nice to have someone
someone the root for said the project
recently put out a statement on micro
transaction
and how their new action-rpg won't have
any microtransaction well I almost
thought that was overkill because it's
like none of their games have had
microtransactions and it's not like they
were taking a stand they were just being
a dick
which I'm perfectly okay with anyone who
wants to be a dick to EA but right I
heard I have heard you saw me with
something watch this nothing about when
you walked in yeah news to you that this
whole battlefront - Star Wars
Battlefront - mm-hmm that Disney
actually stepped in and and and totally
a to come out it is reported and I don't
think there is any and I don't think we
will get any confirmation that Bob Iger
himself called EA to say knock it off
you're messing with my brand right right
and and yeah and and as soon as that
word came down then there's nowhere to
go there was nowhere it was too late I
thought there would be an opening in
there
it looked like there would be an opening
in there quit messing with my brain yes
that's exactly what Bob Iger would say
and that is what caused a to back off
and so you know it was kind of the the
the mass hate online wasn't immediately
effective but as soon as it reached
someone higher than a EA then it became
about yeah so you know still effective
sure what he a thinks about their
consumers
no and you know there were there were
others it's a cute this one does look
like you find another portal or dive man
just dive to the ground looks like yeah
it looks like you're going through soup
yes a decent blue it's more soup this is
like a cucumber soup oh you could get
all you could do it I'm just feeling it
so is the best case scenario for Star
Wars and gaming that EA doesn't cut this
shit out and and people are really
pissed and then when the contract is up
you just need two sides not to go with
the a anymore that would be the best
case in it yes the I think the real
problem is Disney just doesn't give two
shits about video games as a branding
opportunity you know they got the movies
down they got the toy line from that
down right so like video games are an
afterthought to them right so like I
give it to EA whatever I don't care
right until you a made a big enough
stink but eventually someone who has Bob
iger's year or someone up in Disney's
ear will say hey this is uh this is a
more powerful branding opportunity than
you realize what if we made really good
games kind of like our movies what
making me a good movie right more toys
to sell and more opportunities for cross
promotions and I got alright give it to
someone who cares I don't care give it
to another company I don't care just
make it make it so people don't bother
me about this video game culture and and
we yeah we might get some good Star Wars
games on there which would be nice of
course that won't happen for 10 years by
that time the heat death of the universe
for heat is all a cure
Disney actually ended the entirety of
infinity 3.0 because it wasn't profiting
enough yes there there little amiibo
like yeah game there Skylanders SD game
though I'm sad that that you know a
property of theirs that a lot of people
enjoyed a lot of people enjoyed those
infinities I'm sad that you know that
property had today
oh shut up look at the chat I thought
I'd have more time to adjust I was
wondering why you weren't pulling up we
did get a lot of good background toys to
use on our shelves because infinity
crash I think I think there's several
things on the nerd crew set that I got
for $1 yeah it said the removal of
microtransactions from Star Wars is only
temporary until they figure out a
solution what do you think they will do
just lower in-game requirements for
unlocks I think they'll wait till
everybody's forgotten about it and then
I'll come back exactly like it was yep
100% that is 100% what will happen
that is 100% what will happen it will
come back the second the gaming
community forgets about it moves on to
something else
when's awards award seasons coming up
right yeah yeah sure
awards season will give the gaming
community something else to talk about
and then they'll just sneak them back in
Boop
well everyone's talking about game of
the year they'll be sneaking them back
in you know everyone will get a free
Boba Fett
oh nice rich ok first of all you are
applying for a job at Ian's because that
is brilliant the free Boba Fett updates
and everyone will drool over it but you
have to agree to some terms and services
Boba Fett will have his new outfit
this is his his escape from the Sarlacc
outfit now if Ray's like covered with
goop escaped through the Sarlacc Boba
Fett and if you were eight if you want
that outfit you have to agree to some
new terms and services which include the
return of microtransactions and everyone
will do it and fucking love it and
they'll give you enough in game points
where it's almost enough to buy a loot
crate let's give everyone a free lead
great that one free loot crate and
ensign bonus yeah yeah
and so everyone it's like the drug
dealer giving out his first joint for
free right yeah your kid have some drugs
we're so sorry have some free loot
crate's and then everyone will start
clicking and you'll see the fireworks
and they'll go oh that was fun
the internet will be all over it I've
got to stop looking at the key after
trip I had one and I was like all the
way I was like pretty high and then I
got time
that's not the case they want to dump me
right out into the action if you if you
go through a portal you're right in the
action but if you go down yeah then you
get sent a little more time because you
can just fly downward see the internet
will not care what club oh cool the
internet won't care if they get to be
Boba Fett
I'm gonna go ahead and agree with rich
here the internet will will not
kerfuffle at all if they get to play as
a really cool character
I want to disagree but EA has been
getting away with the ships more than 10
years yeah they knew what's up they're
not dumb and making money they're making
cheddar something that we were talking
about wanted to something we're talking
about a little bit on on Thursday was
the the reports that were coming out of
the people at like at rockstar and take
to where they were talking about their
experiences with micro transactions and
how insanely oh how insanely profitable
they are and in fact you you don't need
a large user base buying in to loot
crate's you only need about 10% of your
user base doing buying into loot crate's
and a lot of your money in fact comes
from just 1% of purchasers like you have
single customers buying tens of
thousands of dollars worth of loot great
someone on Thursday was saying that they
had a friend who worked for that Marvel
online game and they had to to users who
each spent over $70,000 on in-game
purchases in the bottle is that insane
that's insane
yeah there used to be a streamer a rich
guy who would just his whole streams he
would spend tens of thousands of dollars
just on csgo stuff really and just open
it and see what he got that was his
whole stream is just opening boxes yeah
what come on man what are you doing he
would get drunk and vide tens of
thousands of dollars worth of loot
crate's first of all it's a brilliant
streamer because then we get to watch
the crates being open that's like a
that's like secondary cocaine usage like
I'll just watch other people take
cocaine
the dark days of csgo I want to get
through there so bad but I can you can't
or you're just not good enough
damn Jack I'm just I'm just trying to
keep it real here you can't
start higher
like yeah I don't know are there like
updrafts and downdrafts or can you just
fly script I've not seen a dress yet or
down drafts oh yeah that Mary this might
be too thin that could be a oh it's
gonna make it that could be a downside
of the procedural generation in some
areas you just can't get out of I
believe take two even recently stated
that microtransactions account for about
half of their revenue this is not going
away oh yeah that's why there's no like
they don't care about Grand Theft Auto
anymore because they have Grand Theft
Auto online they don't care about new
single-player games because Grand Theft
Auto online is what makes them their
money it's depressing yeah but like
single-player games aren't going away
they're just gonna be smaller or fewer
and farther in between
they're shockingly addictive yeah for
three bucks this is what I'm saying is
totally worth three bucks I bought it
and got about 10 20 minutes in and I was
like oh this is this is
ooh weird you're in thor ragnarok does
it have VR support Gino suave I have no
idea
as we rich and I have no VR things like
a recipe going on this is also I also
yes that would clearly be a recipe for
throwing out
my turns agree and said this could
easily include enemies or courses you
have to follow in the future yeah I
could see some some mod support for this
giving us some some sick-ass courses
enemies I'm not sure about I'm not you
know like maybe if it had like a oh you
know okay so here's how you do enemies
in this game yep you have some sort of
shield mechanic where you can't
goddamnit
you can't move like you can't go up or
down but your shield comes on and you
can bash through guys but you need to
time it just right so you turn your
shield on you can't move you bash
through a guy and then you take your
shield off and flutter and glide again
you got it you got to find guys up on
the mountain and be Ashton with the
shield you didn't do it didn't do it
a rabid wolf says just moving your head
slightly in vrs be really not making me
want to put on a VR headset nope nope
I'm not saying every game needs a
conflict mechanic desperate Punk and I'm
just spitballing some ideas if there
were enemies in this game you would have
to find a way to fight them while
gliding and you know like I wouldn't
want to add like a gun or anything oh no
you know like I think that would take
away from the mechanic and so I was
trying to trying to think of a way gun
fall gun to incorporate like to stick
with the simplicity of the flying while
also having some sort of ability to take
down I like it just the way it is
big blue affronted says shut the fuck up
Jack you're not a game designer you've
never had an idea that wasn't terrible I
got an idea that's not you know
previously recorded was Jack's idea here
that's the stream this stream right here
yeah boom I got an idea that's not
terrible how about a band for 30 minutes
I proved I proved fuck off man I'm done
the same thing Jack I've done the same
thing I'd do it again I'd do it again
sassy Jack that's right sassy Jack the
30 minutes seems light I didn't want to
make it like a perma ban he didn't he
didn't say anything like
he didn't say anything that offended my
delicate SJW sensibilities sure ticket
right okay yes that was a Canadian perma
ban absolutely maybe I'm not exploring
in there it's corn now the band corn
oh there is corn now we got some new hey
we got some new emotes guys who made
them for us
what's the corn referencing corn shuckin
someone someone made a throwing court
look you can see it while you're playing
someone made a throwing corn emote and I
love it yeah I got it I got to remember
who they are though hold on yeah I
remember who made us our corn emotes H
Twitter user H under a complete tak a a
complete hack a JK Twitter user made us
some new emotes he gave us a they gave
us some corn they gave us casual horse
which I love that he actually they
actually made a casual heart pixel dance
they made uh they did they did make a
new fuck bot which had some wrong sizes
so I need to fix that and Photoshop and
they did also make it
I'm trying to make some Jack there's a
pretty good chance that guy you banned
was joking well then he told a bad joke
and the band stays how about that it's
30 minutes
yeah it's 30 minutes Highlander a.k says
I'm H aka lol great well then it was
Highlander aka who made us our new
emotes and I love them casual horse the
guy you fan was then I would feel bad
yes I wanted that
where was that what that opening oh you
gotta find it now yes
that was awesome rich see this funny
nice this is three bucks it's three
dollars
their days this game is less than a cup
of coffee right mad wing suit strats is
that oh I think we have more emotes -
what's your take on disaster artists
might be interesting looks good yeah and
I don't know if I'm gonna see it because
I still haven't seen the boom so I don't
you probably wouldn't get anything out
of it right there's very little I would
get out of it
we have other new emotes in a casual
horse we got corn was the other new one
I thought we had another the proportion
problems oh I can fix them it was it was
um the the emotes Highlander HK as you
know the sigh you know the size they
need to be but they also need to be
perfect squares and so you need to
submit emotes in three different sizes
28 pixels by 28 pixels
56 pixels by 56 and I want to say 1 128
I you you have the right sizes but uh
your new fuck BOTS and your biscuit
emotes the frames were skinnier you even
though you had you still had they were
still like 28 pixels tall it was only 20
pixels wide and so that's just something
I need to take into Photoshop and
manually change the frame size which I
can do I just didn't get around to it
this afternoon
that's on WE executive horse wife sorry
I like that name executive horse wife
executive or if we can't talk about
Justice League because I haven't seen it
yet you want to know what I think about
it we just we just did a half in the bag
on it and rich literally just did a half
in the bag about it all so it's super
fresh this weekend and so just in case
we will be will we won't be spoiling it
but I'll tell you what I am gonna see it
over the break and next week Sunday when
we're both back Oh we'll talk will we
there's nothing there's I've seen it
yeah there's not enough to talk about
bullshit then there's there's literally
there's not enough to talk about it
shallow experience that film well then
hopefully I'll remember enough to try to
talk about it
to come out of that moving my brain was
starving oh I'm very sorry that I I am
as we've talked about a bunch I am very
excited academically to watch it to try
to spot the difference in directors
Colin from Canada has been sharing on
Twitter some pictures of henryka Val's
mustache Luis face and who boy does it
look funny so I'm really looking forward
to that but I might try to go see it I
might try to go see it tomorrow just cuz
I want to know what all the fuss is
about definitely you know you don't want
to see it on the opening weekend yeah
it's already it's already not doing
super well at the box office song but I
didn't help contribute anything at Henry
Cavill yep what did I say
did I say Harvey Cobell sorry there's
nowhere to go
academically in Justice League you
shouldn't be in the same sentence
to try to figure out who directed what
segments I'm excited you know you know
now that someone mentioned this this
totally does need a racecourse yeah this
definitely needs a racecourse with like
shortcuts that have more tight spaces to
fit through but it's a shortcut if you
can make it through rank yeah at the
grave yep Thor did has done a better box
office than the entirety of the Justice
League
guardians of the galaxy to did a better
box office than the entirety of the
Justice League all of the greatest DC
superheroes combined couldn't beat Iron
Man 1 yeah a relatively unknown
superhero movie they've ruined the brand
yeah they've completely ruined their
back that's right spider-man his perform
at spider-man
everybody likes spider-man even though
that was almost that was almost a brand
ruined the speedermen brand couldn't
save it well they they Sony saved the
spider-man brand by taking their hands
off of it right
and as soon as they took their hands off
of it and everyone knew that Sony wasn't
making spider-man anymore we all came
back we all came back in droves oh
that's true length like ascent to be ten
years ago the average moviegoer wouldn't
know that much about Thor Iron Man or
starlets and now they are outpacing
arguably some of the most iconic
characters in all of the fiction I don't
know I don't know if the lighting else
give a fuck about Superman I'm not
saying that people give a fuck about him
I'm saying people know who they is which
is a powerful marketing tool Google
world you know Betty Boop is would you
be excited about a Betty Boop movie sure
first of all what do you intellectually
know what Superman is I'm saying it
doesn't mean much to them I guess they
might have had the Justice League
cartoon growing up but of course they
did they know who all those characters
are and I'm sure have some sort of
nostalgia form also to answer your
question if someone made a Betty Boop
movie I would be there right away
because I'd be curious like what are you
making a Betty Boop movie for okay I'm
talking to a man who bought a Barbie
board game
[Laughter]
so are you saying you would at least be
curious as to why someone is making a
Betty Boop movie nowadays sure but I
wouldn't be excited see those little
nooks yeah you want you want to go
through them yeah yeah I'm with you I
don't know it's over here but I'm I did
it I did it I shouldn't have nope and I
died you were on pace but then you
second-guessed yourself and then when
you third guessed yourself you died nice
Oh
whoo jennifer Tilly is Betty Boop you'd
almost have to do some sort of 3d
animated Betty Boop right it would have
to be a cartoon because no one's gonna
get those proportions without looking
like a horrible monster
I only know Aquaman from people joking
about how bad an Aquaman movie now yes
that was the running gag for a long time
because it's Aquaman cares about Aquaman
I was really excited when they were
going to do a Popeye in 3d animation
that's true that's that fell through him
let's just a trailer that what's his
name again D in D turn up see he did a
really good like not not trailer but off
like like they give a Deadpool approves
up yeah yeah yeah that looks great
instead ginji's making Hotel
Transylvania tel-aviv I'm doing yeah
that's what's making the money now Adam
Sandler telling bad vampire puns but
that's what makes the money though to be
fair candy did get to do you know a
proper new season of Samurai Jack so
we'll see you he was involved yeah
genndy tartakovsky Thank You Lord beets
I know that's a that's a tough last name
rabid rabid co wolf says those Hotel
Transylvania movies aren't bad they're
not the worst and Karin Langston
speaking as someone who watches a lot of
kids movies because I have children I
have seen the worst there is the worst
stuff out there but yeah they're not the
worst they're bad they're not they're
not glue that's a pretty good is it
snowing
make sure yes that's huge nice list of
the worst kids movies oh there's too
many okay
trying to a norm of the North put Matt
on the list of the worst kids movies do
I have to have seen it or can I just
make some like presumptions you you have
to have seen it okay so I can't throw
out like the nut job or then you know
what the nut job is not the worst yeah
not the absolute worst it's bad but
nothing oh oh damn it that should have
been an opening
the emoji movie yes that's pretty bad
not the even the emoji movie is not the
worst I usually I usually after we watch
those kind of bad movies I refused to
let them into the house and so I forget
about them oh pardon pretty easily even
though my kids remember them I'm like
they they were obsessed with watching
boss baby just because they saw the
posters and I was like no we're not
forgetting boss
but jackets a baby who's boss it's a
baby I know and they were so excited
about that Oh Gnomeo and Juliet mal
Radko yes that is just the worst
Gnomeo and Juliet Karen was so excited
to see that she thinks just like upon a
lot I had to say that rich I'm so sorry
that's just the worst oh no you know for
them for those who are saying monster
trucks that that wasn't the worst that
was cute in fact like if I would have
seen monster trucks when I was a kid I
would have loved that
did you see much no you're an adult rich
you know monster truck is the story of
an era of like a creature who inhabits a
truck and it's like a teenager who's got
a cool monster truck that can climb
walls and shit yeah it's live-action the
kids loved it that's not the Oh Tetris
geek wins yes I'll get to that in a
second Tetris key monster truck is a
neat premise that kids like a monster
some trucks cheesy Callie aye aye I can
yeah in live-action I I can endorse
monster trucks as a movie they did it
right they had some fun with monsters
and trucks the absolute worst
is the Smurfs movie that is the absolute
worst those I have not so there's even
for kids are such as nostalgic for
adults mom I'm sure that's a fair
question
when they made his kid movies so they
made his River The Smurfs I believe the
intention was to be a little bit of both
okay
you know good for the kids but you know
so we don't do like slightly adult humor
with them just because they know the
audience is older wink wink nudge nudge
there's some winks there are some winks
but you know still generally a kid
audience Smurfette you're the only girl
huh opening that's a dead end you game
procedure that's the joy of procedural
generation right
yeah Oh any of them minion movies the
minion movies though is also just the
worst obviously I had strong feelings
about minions in general the first like
the despicable Me movies
it is borderline the worst but any of
the sequels absolutely doors
Steve crew doing much these days simply
give us everywhere then he wasn't
suddenly you know what he was ever so
beast besides doing the voice where he
is he appears in a bunch of like indie
dramas now yeah yeah just legit acting
work what's good for him
we ran across the other day I completely
forgot he did it his Get Smart
oh yeah this is a cute movie I don't
remember much about it I saw it I saw it
I probably saw enough you know I enjoyed
watching reruns of the show when I was
young
oh sure he wants an Oscar yes he does
want an Oscar and he deserves one he's a
fine actor he's a fine dramatic actors
comedians do after a while
then they decide they want an Oscar yeah
and then they try to go back to colonies
and it never quite works out for Robin
Williams yeah what comedies did he do
later he did them most forgettable were
there forgettable oh yeah
besides his early work and then his his
a good acting work sometimes I'm being a
dad World's Greatest Dad that's that's a
drama that's a dark comedy that's a God
can't go for you but directed by Bob
Beckel okay
this is Oh mrs. Doubtfire classic
Williams that later Robin Williams I
don't know I don't know what counts is
earlier late rocky yes he's gone up and
down with drama comedy drama coming like
where does Jumanji fit in all that
because I really fucking love Jumanji
like the world according to GARP I don't
think that was much of a comedy that
wasn't early I want to be a dramatic
actor attempt from him I don't even know
if I remember that ha ha oh that was
awesome right that was awesome that was
technically awesome you got awesome
points for that oh yes I saw that rich
did you see the Deadpool 2 teaser no no
I didn't Deadpool 2 is doing some
decidedly strange marketing so this
besides this teaser which started off as
just dead cyanide to dive and hope so
the the teaser is mostly Brian Reynolds
doing a Bob Ross impersonation and that
in the Deadpool outfit and and we get
little snippets of movie besides that
they they they actually partnered with
Good Housekeeping to make a Deadpool
centric issue and this is a real thing
from actual good housekeeping there is a
Deadpool issue of Good Housekeeping Mike
I can't believe it
which is very strange well yeah so the
teaser looks fine I'm excited I'm
excited to see where they go with it I
know the original who left for the
director everything yeah but there's a
there's a lot of momentum and the
problem is there's now a lot of height
and so I hope it it now it matches up to
our expectations the first movie had the
comfort of no expectations
no no no no nope yep yep yep awesome
nope nope nope yep yep nope nope yep no
clubbers yeppers no purrs so yeah you
know hopefully new Deadpool will meet
the expectations that it now has I can't
believe you survived that I can't I'm
excited to see how they tackle cable and
and I'm hoping I'm just hoping the gang
gets back together I want to see more of
Masonic teenage warhead or whatever her
name was she was great in the in the two
minutes of movie she was in right dumb
dumb but awesome
I wonder if jack is just a child adult's
body I just have a lot of joy in my
heart and if that's something you can't
deal with then that's on you guys
negasonic negasonic i believe we made
war him I'm just excited about things in
general and so I'm not gonna apologize
for that
Booth's any map yeah sorry again save
this I also assumed that
so we made this what who made this
oh let me look it up yeah oh yeah mommy
look up sure I'll look it up is it the
cluster truck people Oh No maybe how's
it go super light super flight dot corn
[Laughter]
let's go do the super flight press kit
why is it asking for my email password
you're gonna email me a press kit I
don't want you to email me a press kit I
just want to know who made you yeah I
don't want that
usually they have a little like about me
section on their website this is grizzly
games very passionate but small team of
three students okay they did good work
and I hope that three dollar game makes
him a lot of money because it's
certainly worth three bucks right if I
stop playing this now and never touch it
again it would have been worth three
bucks yes yeah
grizzly games I would have I'd like to
know a little bit more but apparently in
order to get that press kit I needed to
enter my email password right and I was
uncomfortable with that your email
password yeah yeah so I don't know if it
was like a Google Drive thing where they
were gonna share a document with you bud
surprised I've played this long this is
actually fun it looked fit it looked
very interesting and I like I said I'd
like to be the $20.00 he said 20 I
thought this is three I played I played
it for 20 minutes okay and enjoyed it it
is three dollars okay okay that was just
my brain I'm mixing up some wires there
give us your password and little tested
haha the press kit link is to Google
Drive Google is asking you to sign it
yeah I still don't like it it's one two
three rich don't tell them it's eight
characters long is all I'll tell you and
not to spoil it
Thank You cinnamon now everyone knows my
password just finished watching hunt for
the wilderbeest ill have to see that
that take is a talented director take
the what deep deep
something interesting man for me
something interesting highlander aki
will check i will check my email when i
get home and i will add your updated
emotes when i get home it's a there is
actually a little bit of a process and
it takes some time to to go through the
approval process anyway so they we
probably probably wouldn't have them by
tonight anyway but I will I will check
when I get home thank you for fixing
them that will save me a little bit of
time and I just I just like the amounts
what I'm probably gonna do a Highlander
HK did give us an updated fuck bottom
home yeah which does look very nice but
we already have a fuck bottom own so
what I'm thinking is we have we have
some emote slots because you know now
people who subscribe to us both for the
favorite fuck body more well there there
are now subscription tiers you know you
can subscribe it a normal fear I've got
$10 here or the $25 here right yeah and
for people at the higher tiers you get a
special amount and so I'm thinking that
maybe we use the fancy puck bot for the
fancy people so everyone can still have
a fuck Bob but anyone who you know who
goes up a tier and subscription gets the
fancy box that's what that was my
thought emily's will see this game in VR
is like the ultimate diet super fight in
VR I lost so much weight also all my
teeth fell out
oh I got fortunate I'm just gonna make a
game they're just just spinning the game
is just spinning I'm making for VR and
it'll just be a diet loss program I'll
fucking make million
I can't officially call it a diet loss
programs I probably get in trouble for
inducing bulimia so the tilt awhirl game
the game will be called play this after
you eat I love it
shan't bleona we actually already talked
about Battlefront two we did that while
they're complaining they're comparing
now our subscribers to microtransaction
no that's not at all I can make the
transaction for one other than the
emotes you're getting the exact same
service
subscribe there there there is no
pay2win while watching previously
recorded
false equivalency my good sir or madam
someone thought they were being a clever
one so well what a matter bits are the
microtransaction component of twitch no
really ish but they weren't our idea
that's right captain nitpick there is no
wind when watching prereq we're all
losers boom zing I got so distracted by
how right the how good that was and I
lost control there's a fine zing subs
don't getting subs don't get knows
something's gonna they get a pizza roll
next to their name they get a they get a
thank you at the end of the stream and
they get our appreciation because they
hit they just helped keep us going
that's what the subs did
every other streamer has bit cups to
encourage the flashy things oh I've seen
that and yeah we could enable stuff like
that we're like we can have a little
thing that says like you are top a bit
contributor to make it like a
competition right Jen I think that's
obnoxious I'll be honest with you like
whatever works for you as a streamer is
what works for you as a streamer I don't
like that I think that's obnoxious we
didn't really have a choice in enabling
bits it what bits were thrust upon us
and if that's how you feel like
contributing or you were fine with bits
but you know even but we're also just
happy with the time we're just happy
that you spending time in this trap
totally gonna buy this game looks really
great for three dollars then I'm telling
you there's something to this three
dollars just steal there is something to
this game whoa whoa what is going on
here what'd you do what'd you do I'm up
was down and down was up and the world
didn't make sense I'm so I'm very very
sorry
it was just like insert controversial
thing here what how could you say that
I'm offended let's see here Becky got
played says a finally tried avatar the
last airbender and was pleasantly
surprised unlike real anime it makes
sense as logical story progression good
pacing character development and world
building a plus okay I know that's a
popular show not seen it that was a
popular I was a long-running Nickelodeon
cartoon The Last Airbender
I do that's one of those things I want
to hate watch because apparently the M
night Shyamalan live-action adaptation
is just terrible supposedly and I
haven't seen that either right they
thought it's on my list of things like
yeah one day one day I want almost one
day I want to give that a try
there is no movie oh sorry sorry for
anyway anyone who's a fan of that show
since there is no movie Ben Vereen no I
don't know anything about when shirts
are back in stock contacts at red letter
media I know nothing about the shirts
though I might want to steal one cuz I
don't I actually don't have an RL MT I
don't either
and it's like I take one right I mean I
might get an angry email later but I'll
be found
anonymous is back how's the diet going
I've made it from 222 pounds down to 193
nice job anonymous thanks to your
leading example first of all
congratulations nice I've hit a small
stagnation right around the 190 mark
which I'm pretty comfortable at I'd love
to get down to 180 or at least in the
180s but also we're getting to we're
getting towards the end of the year
which as a free lance as a freelance
video producer this is the time of year
that is actually the toughest especially
late October and all of November because
this is the time when every company
needs to spend whatever money they have
left in their advertising budget because
if they don't spend it they don't get as
big a budget next year and so this is
where a lot of my work from the year
comes from and I've been so busy I've
still been on diet just not a hundred
percent and so I've stagnated around the
191 but
well and you know like now holiday
season is coming up I'm gonna do my best
that's all I'm gonna say I'm gonna do my
best and just keep trying it's it's a
journey dieting is a journey that it
never ends it never stops till you die
it's your favorite game controller of
all time
currently I love my my xbox elite
controller I think that's one of the
most comfortable controllers I've ever
reused the elite is just well-built
I appreciate the construction that feels
solid yes and that like that rubber on
the outside it feels like it feels like
it I never wanted to leave my hands
that's not my favorite controller the
layout I'm not particularly married to
but it's fine
my favorite controller of all time is
the GameCube controller
hands down no you know what I loved
about the GameCube controller some
things the shoulder things no well the
shoulder things were great but the
tactile experience of knowing where the
X&Y; were you know you had that big a
button right and then those tiny ones
above that because you knew just by
feeling what button you were pressing
it's not like the Xbox controller where
it says like press the Y button which
one's the Y again is that is that the
one on top cuz that's one on left you
know I loved the tactile experience of
the GameCube controller
hands down have that awkward as Z button
it had the awkward Z button it also had
the awkward C stick that you had to use
for your camera
yeah it had some definite faults but
that the button the ABXY buttons layout
means it wins hands down and I love to
be the the half press shoulder into the
pole press shoulder a lot of a lot of
modern controllers still don't take
advantage of the half press like they
did I loved that half press
a lot of games didn't take advantage of
it so that's another fault right Oh Bob
that isn't that is my favorite the
GameCube hands-down favorite though
special ups to the Xbox elite controller
which just feels amazing now what's the
rules of the game don't run into a wall
get more points flying close to things
or through holes yes but the only real
rule not to dies don't let any part of
your body touch anything well for a high
score and but it's all arbitrary go for
a high score or just fly around do
whatever you want like I just did I just
went into a thing I meant to do that
I got more points but ask someone to fly
through there because it was awesome
right
right are there different levels races
to this there are different levels we've
been we've actually been to a ton of
maps there there procedurally not rated
so that they can't have a similar feel
but they are different there are no
races I think that would be a race would
be a great addition yeah okay get
yourself a little like timer leaderboard
well if you nice if it had some of these
things in the games defense it's
available for three dollars so boom
agreed agreed
let's see here taint misbehavin says hey
guys thanks for all the streams and I
hope you guys have a great Thanksgiving
quick question if you could master any
musical instrument which one would you
choose so first of all happy thanks to
happy Thanksgiving
looks like the guitar right I think
chicks enjoy any musical instruments are
they I think anyone not just chicks
they're you know they're attracted to
rich talent well also I think having
mastered an instrument means that you
have at least some sort of dedication to
you and so like there's also that we're
like oh this is a person who can stick
with something I like that if I could
choose one instrument to master it would
be the piano yeah yes only because that
would also lead into like synthesizers
which can make any instrument and with
modern computer moderate computers means
I could play anything if I knew how to
play the piano that's how I wouldn't
analyze this shit bro I'm proud of you
jack oh damn it thought outside the box
and it felt good didn't it
[Laughter]
now we're to God that would be me though
and being someone who has played a few
instruments and played in bands I can
tell you the most fun I ever had was
when I was a drummer for several years I
played the drums in pumpkin rock bands
yeah and I wasn't terribly good at it
but there were a few things more
satisfying than just beating the shit
out of my drums every night so while
mastering the piano oh come on that's
look at that that's horseshit procedural
generation my friend yeah yeah a Sunday
yes I did become a drummer by line to
people that is correct for for those who
people who don't know the story when
that when I was in high school I met up
with a few people who were who were
musicians and they wanted to start a
band but they needed a drummer and over
at friends house it's like I had played
the drums every so often and I knew I
could hold the beat and so I I kind of
lied and I said hey I'm a drummer
there you go really I said oh yeah I'm
totally a drummer I'll drum with you
guys in your band and and I said but
unfortunately I can't I can't you know
pry it my just broke my drums and they
go really I'm sorry I can't practice
anytime soon it's gonna take me a while
to get a new set but hey after that if
you guys want to get together and jam
I'll be in your band they said sure so I
then scraped together all the money I
could for the next month and bought the
cheapest set of drums I could and and
that's how I joined my first band
Oh new role no more caves I can't see
the exit - and Gino's swabiz points I
have played so hard I broke my drums
anyone who's ever played the drums knows
that that's not how drums work like you
might break the head of your drum but
then you just replace it you don't need
an entirely new kit so to be fair they
were also bad enough that they didn't
know I was lying and so it worked out so
exactly more more better I'm totally a
drummer I just don't have drums or
drumsticks or play the drums
no and I sorry taught myself how to play
the drums and I was in several punk and
rock band mostly punk bands cuz that's
the easiest thing to play from parties
and it was great fun and I did become
better through the years you know I
taught myself how to play with drums and
just practice practice what I like this
it was blue and yellow it's a pretty
world and then eventually I switched
over and played the bass guitar and
keyboards a little bit of keyboards was
not terribly good at any of them but I
had a lot of fun so piano and then drums
vehicles
oh shit as a drummer myself to Jack's
casual description this rich heavy
adventure make you say that
I think you Steve started a sentence and
then uttered out well probably because I
was doing some awesome stuff in this
game but I'm not doing now
Highlander HK nowhere I think actually
as soon as I have the proper biscuit
emotes that's all of our slots at the
moment and I actually had to get rid of
one I got rid of doom it up people
weren't using it very often I thought
they would appreciate the casual horse
more I can always bring it back we can
always bring back yeah yeah but
currently as soon as we get the biscuit
head we will be all full on Elance so
thank you thank you go Highlanders game
love them all and of course now that I
said I've gotten rid of doom it up
everyone's gonna say it was my favorite
of mode I used it all the time no one
ever uses the Timah mode except for me
when I watch other people's stream
that's the only mode I ever use is the
tin face and oh now I'm staying forever
that one's mine that one's just for me
they don't really know who that is
[Laughter]
Oh also speaking of Thanksgiving both
rich and I will will be out of town yeah
for for Thanksgiving and so there will
be no screen on Wednesday just as a
heads-up hole ice this is a badass level
no how do I sink this ma'am
save current map yes
so yeah very sorry so there will be no
stream on Wednesday and no stream I mean
this upcoming week at all as both rich
and I will be out of town and but we'll
be back next Sunday I certainly will be
back yeah we'll be back next Sunday with
with stories to tell
any thoughts on the