Episode 901
Too Close to the Sun (Superflight part 2)
November 21, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q6k3PO5XlSQ
___________________________________________

any thoughts on the Punisher yet I
watched the first two episodes of
Punisher is it good so far yeah I'm
really I'm really digging it they are
they are being they're being very slow
and deliberate and I like it it's a
really good pace so far I'm you know
Punisher is to me at least is a very
OneNote character you know and and they
are doing a really good job of building
up his character and the the plot of the
season of course I'm only two episodes
in so there's a lot of places that can
go but see the nice thing about the
Punishers you don't need to build up
this character he's he's a machine
well he isn't one he is a one-note
machine unity fine you need you need to
build up you need to build up why other
people are bad enough to deserve murder
yeah yes that's you focus on you need to
justify him murdering people you you
don't want I don't want the Punisher
Frank Castle being sad I don't want that
is he's dead inside and there's there's
nothing but that cold rage that's the
Punisher to me but in the punter set
where we've seen in the Punisher in
daredevil season two we didn't get we
didn't get the reason for the cold range
and so at least in the first couple of
episodes we're getting a lot of why
there is that cold rage and it's it's
working so far for me I'm excited to
watch more
but I'm only I'm only two episodes in
but so far I'm excited to watch more
Rich's Punisher is Ray Stevenson in war
zone and it was perfect
I've heard nothing but good things about
Punisher war zone and I haven't seen it
I feel I mean Punisher isn't probably
he's probably not in my top ten four
favorite characters I don't care about
the Punisher that much but I hear war
zone is just a good action plan so I
like a good action
I like the Punisher yeah yeah
up until the Marvel movies I did not
care that much about Thor or Iron Man or
Captain America really my favorite
Marvel characters wouldn't you get your
spider-man your Fantastic Four's I know
you disagree with that no boys Punishers
right up in there really like cap was
always one of my favorites but I'm also
like I'm uh what would it what are the
kids call it I'm also pretty basic so I
just I like the standard like do-gooder
hero I like I like Cyclops all right I'm
putting it out there which doesn't care
about X yeah I like Cyclops as a
character I like the the the by-the-book
hero
[Laughter]
whoa shit Cyclops can have a character
they they actually did a really good job
of Cyclops in the ultimate x-men books
you know here and there in the other
x-men books but I think they really
keyed in on what makes him tick in the
ultimate x-men books and in fact there
was one particular storyline that was
very Cyclops focus then that really is a
load of 5 my loved one then he just flat
out a villain no Cyclops oh I don't know
who knows where there now I haven't
picked up an x-men book in heaven
forever
oh well see and it all depends on what
continuity one of the continuities he's
actually he's old Cyclops trapped in a
version of himself as a teenager even
though he has the mind of old Cyclops
what yeah this happened recently so he
has all of his memories from him being
an old man but he got trapped in a
version of himself as a teenager that
sounds pretty awesome by the way yeah
there's no downside to this yeah there's
no downside to this there are all your
worldly experiences but you're not
closer to death yes every everything
you've done that you regret I'm done you
know how to play the stock market like a
fucking pro no no it's it's it's a I
don't think there's any time travel
involved
oh no I don't know but still having all
of your life experiences but a good body
to go with it I'll take it
no teen cyclops was transported from the
past to the present
adult Cyclops is dead Jesus well there
we go
they did the exact same thing with Tony
Stark
like 15 years ago oh yeah it's him they
turned Iron Man evil okay
and so his younger self came and now
he's the younger self as Iron Man but
he's younger in an experience because
they because they had they needed to
reset come on comic book writers twenty
years ago now maybe it was I was a while
back it was 90s I think time I'm sorry
that I'm wrong apparently time-travel
was it doesn't really matter because
it's all fucked up now everything's
fucked up now the retcons are eating
themselves exactly that's exactly what's
happening
let's see here among cats cat monkeys
cat says hate Jack and Rich just
watching the Justice League half in the
bag and have a questions yeah why do
Americans clap in movies it's not every
movie it's just the dumb ones in comic
book movies why do Americans clap but
ever everything as an Australian that
sounds really annoying did people clap
at the end of the movie drink during the
dumbest things to think well when did
you see it opening night okay all right
that makes sense that makes more sense
that's when you have all of the the
hardcore fans okay like I think I think
if you were to see that like this week
after opening weekend you probably
wouldn't get that strong of a reaction
I'll be honest I think I have collapsed
at the end of a movie before I can't
remember what movie it was but I'm gonna
say I've done it possibly forever
I may have I may have clapped at the end
of fury road we well part a part of the
joy that can be the movie-going
experience is reacting to the movie and
that includes clapping that includes
laughing that includes gasping at the
shocking plot twist so I I'm not
necessarily gonna hate on anyone
clapping at a movie but you know Justice
League doesn't sound to me as if
deserves a clap for hey
I clapped and cheered at grindhouse but
that was part of the experience well you
know there's nothing wrong with with
expressing yourself during a movie as
long as it's appropriate I think it's
yeah it's different if you're going to a
showing of like the room or the Rocky
Horror Picture Show Wow yeah that's a
whole different thing
Brown aunt of Sam's no I have not seen
it I'm probably gonna go see it tomorrow
I have I wouldn't even bother I have a
move I wouldn't even bother I got the
morning free hold on for a moment
that's why rounders with it
what what do you want me to say what do
you all want me to say I talk and play
this I'm just gonna crash every four
seconds I'm not really good at talking
and playing games I don't know if you've
noticed that about me it's my solo
stranger I'm just quite frankly terrible
absolutely terrible
the great home happy
well this one got saved let's meet
pillars fly through right I'm gonna dive
straight down the only option only
option then pull no didn't work say my
talk while I play the game and just say
what I'm doing in the game
oh I love this map at save the movie
maybe we should find a new location
I gotta stop looking chap I go to a new
area
evil rocks
you miss Jenny yeah jack adds a lot to
this experience I'm sorry
felt like high scores who easily be
achieved if only by pursuing portals
probably but it kind of doesn't defeat
the purpose and you're not just having
fun and I I could just go for for those
missing all these great arias
yeah
maybe a portal is only unlocked after so
many points
say no or nor nearest fun I got to tell
you
and I can't find Apple it's risky
too risky that's right down
this is enough avatar shit right here
everything cool
I left you alone I know you did I left
you know you did I'm sorry I'm sorry
that was my mother
oh yeah yeah she does not call me very
often and she just called me to gossip
but you know you go away my exist
there's two people you should not you
know the hang up with you know your
significant other and/or your mother
like those if it was my dad like yeah
fuck off I'm working chef talked me into
just portals only not not not daredevil
stunts goes to the next for know why in
high school did you get a thousand
points before no but what fun is that
I said that's that was exactly what I
said it wasn't the whole chat it was one
guy make it a sure oh my god see what
happens Foley acts exactly like I didn't
want to say to my mom go away mom I'm
playing video games you know even though
like she's starting to she's starting to
understand what it is we do which scares
me even more
really yeah she she had a like a friend
who's whose kid is really into watching
streams
I just lost my way to portal and so and
so like her friend was like oh you know
my kid is watching all these things that
you oh my boy does that oh that's a
thing that's a whole thing that's become
it's becoming a known quantity now rich
it's less weird to talk about
I'm passing up all this shit chat oh
don't do it no look at that you know I
know I can't I can't anymore it's gone
it's gone check oh it's a cool looking
world well I'm totally picking this up
for three bucks yeah I recommend it
three goddamn dollars alright let's see
here where were we and why do we clap at
everything of course you know a lot of
times like I I'll go to the the art
house movie theaters by myself often
yeah which is a very different
experience than going to the megaplex
and usually after you watch the
arty-farty movie and the art house
theater people clap right but that's a
very different experience it's after the
movie not throughout and during free
right exactly
someone clapping like like was it at a
caracal action a thing
it was flash said of someone someone
didn't think the thing whoa hang out in
this world look at that that's so cool
looking
jackets okay what safe boom
look at that oh I love that color scheme
you can go home tonight and you can fly
through this ship all you want Jack will
you miss the avatar one who's everything
was like a little floating island Oh
flash did the thing buy our toys now
flat a flash made of referent like flash
saved someone and he goes iris is that
you I know who irises I guess cyborg
saying Booya is a thing I don't did he
wait did he say he said Booya I think
okay that's important that's a Teen
Titans go reference rich the popular
children's program on Cartoon Network
he says booyah I'm gonna don't man did
he did he then asked did he then ask the
dark and grim Batman if he wanted a
meatball party meatball party
meatball party I have children and so I
can tell you all about Teen Titans and
Teen Titans go as they fucking love that
stuff about the Teen Titans let alone
the Teen Titans go I I'm pretty
well-versed as it's um very often in my
house
they love it damn you Jack that was from
the real series first it doesn't matter
it's all the same shit I like both by
the way I think that might be
controversial I like both versions of
Teen Titans and Teen Titans go I think
they're fun for different reasons shed
you might not like the team Titans go
but if the kids do nope it's all Cartoon
Network cares about yep
selling the toys or happy meals or
whatever the fuck it is they do they air
and like Teen Titans go is the Spongebob
of Cartoon Network it is just constantly
on so I have heard it is constant and
I'm ok with it like it's because I think
it's a fun show they have a lot of fun
could you imagine that rich it's a
superhero show and they have lots of fun
they tell jokes it's crazy
[Laughter]
core I love that corn emote with the
little smoochy lines actor I love it I
love seeing the corny load where little
ones suck don't do it then you have fun
man we're at 25000 well 24 753 okay
great
I'll let's see what we got here huh fart
it says good evening outside of planes
trains and automobiles what do you think
is the best Thanksgiving themed movie I
couldn't think of any why do you think
that is family dinner drama is still
drama because it's too close to
Christmas and everyone wants to make a
Christmas movie just after Halloween
we've just had the Halloween movies how
wins fun one to make movies for mm-hmm
oh and then it's song it's so close to
Christmas yep Thanksgiving is is
literally just a waiting period got to
wait till this one stupid thing is over
before we can get to Christmas time also
they were unpopular perform they're
impossible know what foreign markets
give a shit about Thanksgiving oh there
you go
rich that was I don't want to say
shockingly astute but that was
incredibly astute the the majority of
movie profits now come from foreign
markets as it surpasses another majority
I know like there's almost equal for a
while I I would assume it's the futur
yeah but yeah like you know who doesn't
care about Thanksgiving China they don't
give no fuck you care doesn't care about
our Thanksgiving yeah yeah yeah colour
schemes do you think anyone gives a fuck
about when those traders met
Indians and had dinner
[Laughter]
Americans have according to Gino suave
even people in this country you think
the Native Americans want to be reminded
of that shit and honestly like the rest
of us are starting to not care like all
Thanksgiving is now is I have to leave
to go shopping in order to get the sales
oh you'll see Black Friday comedies
before you see Thanksgiving movies
counted people right there that was a
truth bomb you know truth bomb from rich
Evans Black Friday comedies that's a
really good idea actually
you could sell that got it was happen
been shopping shopping comedies that
kind would jingle all the way was I mean
you know Christmas Christmassy for this
college game it's too pink death pep
doll that's this pepto-bismol my friend
it's interesting it's just too much yeah
it's a lot of a lot of pink through the
fog is pink everything's pink close to
30,000 is that what you're going for I
don't know what's what's your goal by
going through the the portal only is I
guess what I'm what I'm asking here
whoa that was a close one right yeah I
think we've done the portal thing yeah
down there Deb thirty thousand no it is
the high score respectable you you you
have a rank of 6502 now so you're doing
great you're doing great
completely defeated the purpose of
having fun playing around yeah someone
does someone doesn't understand that but
you can make your number higher I was
doing sweet tricks and shit yeah right
it's like watching a dark souls
'speedrun where you have this incredibly
fun game yeah and they do a speedrun of
it and they go out of bounds and they
avoid 90% of the game sure sure yeah you
did first you got that record and that's
your thing to get it but yep I'm with
you I'm with you there were you know or
like like ocarina of time speedruns
where they just spend the whole the
whole thing like crouched up against the
wall backflipping and you're like what
are you doing man like I get it that's
easy that's your thing with the game but
yeah not what everyone's in it for yeah
yeah that's that's a chickadee monster
so speedruns aren't necessarily about
having fun I know that's probably runs
and that's a that's a fair point a
chickadee monster alright let's see what
we got here the blue prism says hey guys
dare I ask if there are any switch games
you are looking forward to probably not
right what's coming out on it I don't
know the ones I was looking forward to
when they announced that have already
come out we have got my Mario I got the
Zelda yeah I don't even know what's
coming out like I I was thinking a part
of me was think what he did I'm looking
for somewhere fun to go and this map is
not this could just be shit map like
even though I already own rocket League
twice there there could be a case for
rocket League on the switch as far as
I'm concerned
I was gonna go up and over but I didn't
have the Momentum's like I handed time
[Laughter]
portals mix would wouldn't dare devil
knows yeah this is like a lot of shit in
here whoa whoa whoa I'm glitched oh no
you got out of the way you got all the
goods too late too late
crews are tropes is still never seen you
play rocket League really we used to do
that all the time but you know like
thinking about something like rocket
League like I have this nice I have this
trip coming up and we'll be staying at a
place with decent Wi-Fi and having the
ability to play rocket League while just
you know hanging out for an hour would
be really nice usually usually I wake up
a little bit earlier than than the
people around me so you know while on
vacation playing rocket League on the
old switch that could be that could be
fun you get a a they got a Mario car
that's that's unique they got a Metroid
car and also uh I would be better than
everyone else on the switch playing
rocket League well it was probably a lot
of people who might also buy it for sure
oh that was just you that was just you
fucking up nobody's blaming the entire
chat for one offhand comment about
maximizing high scores say somebody said
that I thought no let's try it
yep wasn't blaming anybody relax no no
you know they had an idea we gave it a
try and then we had
kristan conversation about you know fun
versus min/max yeah yeah
that led to some decent conversation
they're just acting on speedruns they're
not all like dark souls 'speedrun it's
like my mind was blown when I saw
somebody speedrunning the crypt of the
necrodancer oh yeah and you just
couldn't do it anymore the most
difficult character in that game yeah
what's it called that the code is coda
the one where it has like all of the
disadvantages from all of the other
characters you die in one hit
you can't touch a gold or you die if you
move off of the beat you dies you have
to move on the beat you can only use the
dagger yeah and they beat the game in
like 10 minutes
that's insane Wow yeah Wow that's insane
impreza impressive and took skill and
then you watch something like that you
go what's even the point of view kind of
like you know I can never I can never
even come close to that
Oh bulb like that you know like this is
a game that I would want on the switch
by the way just thinking of switch games
give me this give me this on the switch
give me something that I can just turn
on for five minutes
glide around Zen out and turn off I
would love that I would love oh you
could even do motion controls yeah that
would suck
well we got a pitch into Nintendo
Nintendo would love that oh yeah
Nintendo would buy it in a second right
I wouldn't play with motion controls
that's how you pitch it's an incentive
but oh isn't my Nintendo executive
Scottish oh it's me oh I see hey it's me
Yoshi I Miyoko know why you're pitching
this a Nintendo
oh you're getting me killed today twists
I've got to switch out to me kilt if you
know what I'm saying
but yeah this is like this is something
that I'd really I'd really be interested
in as far as oh I almost threaded the
needle Jack yep almost threaded the
needle I honestly don't know what's
coming out for the switch is is my
problem as far as what games I'm excited
for Smash Brothers a new mario cards is
there no no I don't think there's either
of those give it a year or two give it
Mario that's the bad name Avery got me
Metroid Metroid you maybe got me you
know what's coming out on it already is
that's the this the nice thing about
owning a Nintendo console you know you
know what you're gonna get eventually
eventually yeah
no they're not gonna make an animal
crossing for the switch because they are
making an animal crossing mobilegame
be hurt by that she'll get the mobile
one that yeah yeah I know she's a big
Animal Crossing fan but now she can play
it on her phone
just watch the planet she's got like
four million animal crossing dollars we
got this game on Steam it might be
available on GOG I got it on Steam
because that's where I found it Oh God
check yo G you can go where was that
just on the website you can go to super
flight game.com and that's that's the
website let me see here actually it
might only be on Steam it might only be
on Steam
I don't see a link to
it would be more satisfying with ragdoll
physics I'm gonna agree with you hundred
percent Ryan from Michigan you crash
into something and your character does
wicked flips I can't believe you get
damaged nice I saw that I saw you
wanting to go for that other loop yeah I
want I wanna I want a blood stain and I
want a corpse bouncing off and stuff you
guys ever satisfying though I'll tell
you what all the others no no we're just
coming to this way okay there you go
and that is a new Dover hero's not not a
corner of the old ones not a remaster
wouldn't be against that either though
I'll take a remastered I know my heroes
No uh nope
let's see here
Brown Adam Sandler says according to
Schneider
he killed Superman because he wanted
that man to form the Justice League I
know what so what Adam hold on okay
another option was Superman fighting
doomsday out in space lol because rich
Capote smoked about it in the review oh
okay so this is this is from your review
did you ask why Superman was killed
oh I just thought it was a waste yeah
they didn't do anything with him being
dead that was interesting
okay yeah I mean not not only a waste as
far as from a storytelling perspective
but now any future retelling of Superman
dying one of the most iconic comic book
stories ever is going to be tarnished
because like yeah we already did it
fucked it up once yeah you get you know
a guilty Bruce Wayne paying for the
funerals so many things you don't have
to be the center doesn't have to be a
just a story only about the film but
there's so many interesting things you
can do with the concept Lex Lex Luthor
trying to get possession of the body so
he can do lord knows what her sure stuff
he could do the Maya I guess POG Kent is
dead in the movie Bob Kent morning but
she can't openly mourn because Clark
isn't officially dead yet sure but she
knows that Superman's dead she knows
that her son's dead just trying to keep
it together that would be great
yeah and but then you would need someone
who actually like cared about characters
enough to want to like kind of delve
into what's happening in their lives so
ooh desert world
how many times did Superman be right
well that's well just once so you've
shut off that door now that doors closed
like not only that but you've also shut
off doors too oh shit
what was the Batman comic where he
fought Superman in the power armor
darkman there guy like like in one foul
swoop of Batman vs Superman dawn of
Justice you have closed the doors to
actually interesting ideas I'm not
saying that the Dark Knight was the best
batman book ever but at least it was
trying to say something about the nature
of a violent hero and then Snyder act
decided not to say anything which was an
interesting tape Snyder decided to
borrow all of the iconic imagery and
then not say anything about it which you
know bold choice bold choice from a
director but huge missed opportunities
what I'm saying is it's too huge missed
opportunities rolled into Batman V
Superman dawn of Justice yeah yeah
so what what can we hope for now is is
is literally a reboot is WB saying we're
not doing the Cinematic Universe anymore
we're starting over and everyone gone
alright and everyone will be nice rich
I'm saving Oscar man do it
man I love when I buy this I'm not gonna
have access Highlander aka says isn't
that what they do in Marvel as well
though borrow interesting ideas from
various comic runs and make small seeds
out of them yes but they do them well
you see see Marvel Marvel takes
something like like planet home and says
well you know what this is a really
weird thing to make a movie out of it's
also really big movie I don't know if we
can ever do this but the idea of Hulk
being on a on a arena battle planet
that's really neat let's take that let's
take that and add it to our films yeah
alright fun right
Valkyrie this is doing it I thought I
thought you were gonna choke so hard
they're like Valkyrie this character you
know from this specific run of Thor
comics it is kind of interesting let's
pluck her out and pop her and they're
cool easy peasy
everyone likes Loki not necessarily
because they like Loki but they really
like Tom Middleton middle it'll sting
they really like that actor so you know
what we're gonna bring him back because
everyone likes them
oh no it's it's the same thing with it's
the same thing with spider-man
homecoming
like like spider-man homecoming borrowed
a whole lot from the ultimate spider-man
books from Miles Morales spider-man from
original spider-man is like they just
took the bits that worked and they did
them well like yeah you know what what
was really fun about the Miles Morales
books it's got this friend that's his
own AJ to talk to you that's really
great that'll help with our storytelling
so you know we'll give them Gong ki I
really like I really like Peter Parker
as a high school as a as someone who is
struggling ultimate boom making it
happen how does the score in the game
work Yolo contender eight the closer you
are to the walls as you see the score
ticks up and be more like I'm sure it
has some sort of what I'm gonna call a
badass algorithm a bad algorithm
no that's not gonna it hasn't seen a
what it's fine it has a badass algorithm
so the cooler things you do the more
points you get you go ah nice rich you
go through the thing at high speeds you
get more points you get closer to a wall
you get more points
oh no it's briefly awesome
so actually so in summation for DC there
is nothing wrong with borrowing little
bits from the comic books but you should
do them well and I would argue that
Superman dying is not a little bit from
a comic book
that's like a whole character thing
that's three years worth of story arcs
in the comic books not necessarily like
that's not just like you know the Batman
power armor sure I'll give you like that
way that's iconic imagery but the whole
reason for the power armor is is tied in
with the character it's just not it's
just nothing that's the moral of the
story is there's just a whole mountain
the whole bunch not done well hmm oh
yeah oh right you don't just trivialize
the death of a main character right
right they just did what they did
you're not supposed to tip that's a
that's a quick tip for any aspiring
writer out there try not to trivialize
the death of the main character
and again for the same area do it Ryan
from Michigan says can they recover and
make good movies now no I'm gonna
disagree and say of course they can make
it no wonder woman is a good news will
will they be tied in with the rest of
the universe is another question they
theoretically can make good movies will
they make good movies is a whole
different question hey Wonder Woman is
fine movie fine finding blah blah
in fact Wonder Woman was such a good
movie that's what gave Warner Brothers
the the ego with its box office
expectations
yeah Wonder Woman did pretty good this
is gonna be
it's got Wonder Woman and other people
in it isn't gonna do gangbusters
yeah I haven't seen like I'm talking
mostly about like Batman V Superman dawn
of Justice I have not seen justice
league yet we will talk about that next
Sunday
assuming either of us can remember
anything about the movie
according to rich Hyannis I don't think
I have that much more to say about it on
all honesty we have more to say about
Batman V Superman than let's see what we
got here atomic mousetrap says I've been
searching for the stupidest Star Wars
merchandise
I found a Darth Vader kettlebell as in a
70 pound exercise weight shaped like the
head of Darth Vader is that does that
top a Darth Vader humidifier though that
actually by the way the last part of
that tip was do you think that beats the
humidifier and that sure does it might
be tied no just like steam shoots out of
the humidifier so I think we came out of
fires got it beep elevator head would
steam coming out of it at least if
you're using the kettlebell you can beat
up anyone who makes fun of you
so we got here a true-blue reviews has
speaking of Jumanji what are your
thoughts on the upcoming sequel to
Jumanji I have no thoughts on the
upcoming sequel did you imagine it looks
like it would be a fine jungle action
comedy of some hack at Sony didn't slap
a nostalgia bait title on it probably
get more seats in the favor of and if it
didn't have that right if you remember
they made it like an unofficial sequel
to Jumanji called Zathura do you
remember that yeah the the space game
and it did not do very well and so if
you just made another unofficial sequel
yes it's not gonna do this alone I think
you are under estimating the rocks
charisma
The Rock has done very well at the box
office he has carried movies who was in
get smart with Steve Carell I brought up
earlier Oh was he
oh I don't remember that he's that I'm
gonna spoil I get spotted you're gonna
spoil the from nine years ago film
adaptation ulm annotation of the 1960s
comedy sitcom The Rock it turns out he's
the villain what I don't I don't
remember that the rock is a decent
box-office draw and he has a lot of
charisma it looked
Jumanji looks fairly stupid
but we'll see oh and yes by the way I
did see the rampage trailer and I am
down like a clown for rampage you see
rampage trailer it's the rock and it's
giant creatures destroying a city what
else do you need in life the greatest
show on earth trailer I also saw the
greatest show or whatever they're
calling it the PT Barnum movie oh I
didn't see that was that that's changing
what they sneak that line in into the
Pete the movie about PT Barnum what what
is how is the world changing I don't
know but it might be the bearded lady
that says the one I'm trying to remember
no no
when does the world change up wolf
that's what you got to watch the PT
Barnum would be to see how the world
changes apparently
aye aye rampage was a was an arcade
favorite of mine back in the day who the
fuck is PT Barnum rich the kid listen
I'm old like you and I barely know who
well I mean I know who PT Barnum is
because of my clowning background you
know he's the original con man
I was just showman I think I think he
prefers showman rich his famously had a
Museum of oddities of curiosities you
know half of it was just nonsense
mmm-hmm like the I think he had the Fiji
mermaid which was literally it was a
mummified mummy that they sewed onto a
mummified fish and they called it a
mermaid sure sure a charlatan but in his
museum there were signs as a finger
pointing science said this way to the
egress people they pay they go into the
museum and see the sign this way to the
egress night Oh what's a negress I want
to see this egress and they follow the
signs of the egress and they go out the
door to the egress this is the egress
they go through the egress door of
course and they find themselves outside
in the alley because egress means exit
this they didn't know that so then they
have to pay to get back in PT Barnum was
amazing yep that's the actual story
behind the this way to the egress sign
mm-hmm of course I know about how to do
teatime as well
everybody knows about how to do time
every old man knows about how to be in
town at least
oh yeah PT Barnum was a showman try a
traveling circus traveling circus yeah
he had a Tom Thumb we chose freak shows
yeah oddities amazements things your
eyes won't believe things your mind
won't comprehend he's the one I don't
know if he said it over just attributed
to him but he's associated with the
quote there's a sucker born every minute
oh nice that was awesome
no not gonna know momentum is in there
nobody outside the USA knows who PT
Barnum is well then you'll enjoy the
movie about his life he's an interesting
person yeah yeah I could I could see
who's in that movie I think that's a
huge Eggman I think oh yeah yeah alright
I'll buy that I like you I'm a fan of
you nope I'm a fan of Hugh that's a nice
that's a nice big name to get in your
Petey bottom movie
well that was that's great rich no just
a nice that we'll call that the old
swooping splat this game is a genuine
but clincher yeah sometimes this is a
lean e again where you feel like if you
lean then you can turn a little a little
more
so what are we what are we doing this a
couple hours what I like this but what
are we I might be getting to the end of
this okay candy for crows says hi gents
I'm a little late with the tip but I was
thinking a fun nostalgia trip but deafer
brothers could make for stranger things
would be a Sierra style game didn't they
make a game for stranger things season 2
already I don't know I think I think
they did it's like a free there might be
a mobile game I heard it was actually
pretty good oh yeah they did some game
they did some sighted kind of
promotional free game for stranger
things season 2 I don't know if it's an
adventure game but I remember hearing
that it was just watching on a talk show
it was like like Sean Astin was on
Colbert the other day and he was talking
about the duffer brothers and and their
attention to detail for all like the 80s
nostalgia thing right he's like but you
know the different brothers different
brothers are younger guys and so they
actually had a historical expert on to
talk about what sort of posters would be
in the background and for me I was like
what are you talking about you know I
was a kid who grew up in the eighties
this was my bedroom and and they have
like like professors on here to make
sure it's all historically accurate I
felt like an old man his brain was great
good old shot Sean Astin is that his
name you know I'm talking about right
yeah
someone to someone
Samwise of course Shawn yeah China great
yeah good old Sam well of course and you
know anyone who watches Colbert knows
that he's obsessed with the Lord of the
Rings so like we got to talk about
stranger things season 2 for a little
bit and then he's like Lord of the Rings
but
how long have they been talking for a
walk a wild man
couple hours which and I've been talking
too long you mean like in light 40 years
no a while all right let's see what we
got here wildlife industry says Oh said
uh hey Jack just picked up ultramoon
that have you had a chance to play
ultramoon yet no no I I did not care for
moon I really did not care for moon at
all and so and it's it's a trend that
I've noticed in the Pokemon games
I also didn't care for Oh pokemons okay
they just came out with a new one
Ultra moving an ultrasound and same game
with tweaks no it's a new game but uh
I've been noticing that Pokemon has been
heading into a direction that I don't
much care for so I have I've stepped
back from the pokies Moms
what's the direction you don't care for
they've you you might laugh at this
Ridge but I feel like they've made it
too easy I feel like way too easy of
course but I I thought I thought before
it was a little more open-ended you know
like like you'd get to a section in the
older games and you would need a water
pokemon in order to swim across and then
you oh well shit I don't have a lot of
program I gotta go find one right yeah
here there's a person standing right
next to the water that says here's a
water pokemon for you bye
and I haven't cared for much of the
Pokemon designers so don't like that
seal duh I don't like that seal yeah so
you know there's a couple reasons that
I've decided true-blue review says last
week I went to the new creative director
of Adult Swim in Atlanta what last week
I went to the new creative director of a
beltzman Atlanta getting married it was
super fun there was a planned fight in
everything can you shout out the lucky
couple Dave and Ji Young congratulations
Dave and Jeong sorry if I'm
mispronouncing either of your names
mostly Ji Young cuz I don't know how
that one sounds normally sorry I'm anti
Rowlett I am I am anti relevant I don't
like I don't like the stupid owl I'm
sorry
another different pokemons to one of the
new Pokemon you get the CEO the owl or
something else I don't remember what the
other one was there's something else
it's pronounced Davi I'm sorry Davi
and though I would like a Munich you
because that mimic you is the is as far
as I'm concerned the most adorable
Pokemon out there cuz it's the saddest I
didn't even get far enough tag yeah they
got that awesome algorithm down when you
do something awesome it lets you know
nice one right all right what else we
got here
dr. Louvre it up says Australian movie
going experience sit quietly and enjoy
the movie no talking no clapping no
cheering no gasping no laughing not
doing so would be considered rude
towards other movie goers yeah I'm not
disagreeing with anything you've said
are you telling me that you go to see a
comedy and nobody laughs that would be
the worst movie going experience ever
they're applauding for stupid thing no
you said no letting no gasping no
laughing are you telling okay that's
weird
alright here you go to see a shocking
movie something happens and like boo
like you don't do that just naturally
come on come on yes you had it Ritchie
at the world in the palm of your hand
through it away jack threw it all away I
[Laughter]
like I if they open their mouths to
laugh the spiders might crawl in oh
that's true that's true about Australia
fire ants the the man-eating sloths
might burrow into your mouth and find a
new home yeah eggs yeah it's a whole
it's a whole thing in Australia to me
it's just not that big a deal when when
someone is reacting to the movie that
can be a really positive movie going
experience because then that reaction
can start a snowball and it can actually
turn a movie that isn't necessarily
funny into a into a funny movie that did
not look like it had the proper amount
of force to take my light off agree I
agree
I agree with that Ridge and so you know
that to me is part of the joy of the
movie-going experiences is hearing the
audience's reactions hearing someone
laugh at a wholly inappropriate joke is
a great thing if if you're gonna go see
a movie and you don't want anyone to
react in any way why go to a movie just
wait till wait so you can watch it at
home
exactly flab that says that's part of
sitting with a crowd of people that's
the whole purpose of seeing a movie in a
movie theater to see it with a crowd the
reaction that's well it's why the
Netflix can be a good thing I still like
this the whole movie going experience
I'm not saying that there are downsides
everyone knows what the downsides to go
into the movie theater is is you know
grandma's coffin
grandma's got pneumonia and his coffin
during the movie I still I sit down sign
up some dickhead is talking on a cell
phone
recapping what just happened in the
movie man you won't believe it
ant-man just turned small I can't oh
shit man Ant Man just turned small get
it I get it
where are we tired and sad said how
tired and sad you're asking us a
question about something about whether
or not Mike and Jane know something that
might be a question you want to ask Mike
and Jayde yeah putting that out there
I don't I don't know I don't know uh
Jordan Thao seven this is hi rich hi
jacket any interest in streaming South
Park's the fractured but whole yes no no
ever play stick of truth no no either
thanks as always for the entertainment
got nothing against South Park but South
Park I mean if you're if you enjoy South
Park would you want to hear us talking
over it or would you rather just play
the South Park game yourself the same
reason I haven't streamed Ghostbusters
mmm yeah cuz most of that is in the fund
that is in the fund aisle you get to
hear the old cast get together yeah you
know what I was talkin over that yeah I
think they would make for bad streaming
games I also have I have no feelings at
all towards South Park I don't care
about them I've never been a South Park
fanatic but I like the show well enough
I don't haven't watched that much of it
all said and done but for their there
was a time where I was a huge South Park
fan and then as I got older I just
stopped caring and I probably have not
seen the show five eight years ten year
I mean like it's been a while since I've
last seen the show so I just don't
really care
I've seen like the first three or so
seasons yeah sure sure yeah
and I recently because they do that
streaming on YouTube now and people just
stream fuckin whatever yeah I've seen
some of the recent ones yeah click on
that okay wasn't bad I don't deny that
it I mean I'm I'm not saying I hate that
you don't love it oh you're sorry you're
right absolutely right that's exactly
how I feel
no I just don't care so
I just don't care it's your opinion on
wonder I haven't seen wonder my kid is
reading the book currently wonder doing
shockingly well at the box office yeah
about the kid with the messed-up face my
kids reading the book and so we keval
huh so I will probably see the movie
eventually after he's done reading the
book but I have no thoughts on it right
now
I'm too old to be part of the Twitter
generation possibly I'm on Twitter is
that I'm definitely too old to be on
Twitter generate what's the Twitter
generation I just know I'm too old for
it right you know aren't we all
what did you oh I I haven't seen just
asleep lamp the light of the universe I
have not seen Justice League so I have
no thoughts on it all the only thing I
know about Justice League is I've seen
Henry cavils face I've seen pictures of
his face with the horrible CGI mouth and
I love it and I love it it's my favorite
part of Justice League so the Twitter
generation of people whose formative
years were when Twitter was the thing oh
so yeah definitely not me Oh No
are they are the twitter twitter
generation out of diapers is the
question 12:17 Oh
formative years I suppose I you know
what I want I want a Wiley KOMU
animation for when you just run out of
steam and you know no bran flakes I love
the expanse show I know my wife read all
of the expense books and she loves them
I'm sure I would also love them there
are just too many things on my reading
list at the moment but I love the show
and now that I've seen the show actually
I don't want to read the books because
oh nice rich that's mostly luck I'll be
honest with you no no no no I mean you
do that on purpose be like now I the
show has given me like it has given me
like character faces and stuff so I
would almost hate to go back and read
the books but I hear really good things
a lot I do love the show I do love the
expansion looking forward to the new
season
are we gonna in our lifetime in our
lifetime
are we gonna see a day when AOL ends up
selling DC and Marvel baizen AOL Time
Warner lol Time Warner they own DC yeah
okay
last I heard are we gonna see a day when
when Marvel and DC are just all
officially under the same banner and
what will they do with that well they
keep them apart are they gonna
eventually merge this shit Disney's got
the money to do something like that ah
I mean Time Warner has a lot of do you
have it you have uh in the comics yeah
you have a crossover event called oh hey
there dude Final Crisis didn't I yeah
that's a Final Crisis no Wow ultimate
crash ultimate crisis there you go
ultimate crisis crisis Wars crisis food
crisis Wars there's got to be some sort
of antitrust legislation against we're
talking about a billion-dollar industry
rich there's yeah the United States
government will not allow a merger of DC
and Marvel we can't allow it
infinity crisis yeah there we go nice
Time Warner's got a lot of money I'm not
I'm not sure they're hurting for any
money but what I'm what I'm gonna say is
interesting I like it I like it a lot
Disney owns both Marvel and DC and you
know what for the first like five years
yeah they keep it separate yeah yeah and
then slowly they start seeding here's
the first thing I want to see yeah you
know who would make a great couple who
you know who would make the perfect
couple sign here Wonder Woman Captain
America
they would make a great couple that's
just too much fish out of water
let'em wonder woman's been efficient
she's no longer wonder one is no longer
a fish out if it wasn't World War one
yeah they they would get together Wonder
Woman would immediately respect Steve
Rogers physical aptitude and
courageousness I remember seeing it as a
romance I'm saying it makes too much
sense it makes too much sense not to
happen I mean also Chris Evans is is
pretty close to Chris Pine and she just
lost Chris Pine so she gets Chris Evans
is traded Chris for Chris you know who
would have a great chemistry they've had
crossovers before but it could be a more
routine thing spider-man a Batman
cuz that's some that's some oil and
water right I would love it they've done
comics they've had crossovers yeah do
you do more regularly that was my
favorite part of early ultimate
spider-man was his run with Wolverine
Greg and Wolverine just not having any
of his shit
I would love spider-man hanging out with
Batman and Batman just being utterly
sick of spider-man but spider-man like
not being able to do anything because
spider-man is physically superior it has
the spiders like this teenage kid is
physically superior and has the spider
sense a Batman could never sneak up on
him and so like Batman constantly pissed
off at this dumb kid who's better than
him spider-man just showing up in the
Batcave when he needs help Bruce how did
you get around the spider sense
[Laughter]
and like just constantly trying to like
tail spider-man to find out his secret
identity and spider-man always losing
him just go ahead
Hey Bruce person needs your help
you have to have you have to have Batman
deduced I know oh I want it so bad I
want it so bad yeah that would be great
and have yeah a nice rich says moments
like that yep just great so yeah you
give spider-man and Batman their own
buddy cop movie and you have who's the
who's the fuck I'm forgetting names
Lethal Weapon Iron Man 3 actor now the
director really 3 no shame black buddy
cut buddy comedy team up with Shane
black directing Oscar win all the awards
best best reviewed movie ever made the
rocks in there too for some reason he's
the bad guy the rocks the bad guy I love
it
the RO the rock is playing kingpin and
no hobbies and that's too far the
kingpin is not necessarily a charismatic
person the rock would be bad casting it
would be a terrible time for the kingdom
but the rock is in the movie too because
the rock should be
anyway now this is in my head and I love
it thank you rich the Rock has gorilla
drag hey can you do grip you know what I
was thinking of I'm watching I'm
watching my my CW superhero show yeah
and this season actually much to my
delight Oh much to my delight they have
added Plastic Man yeah into the flash
and he's a he's a bit of a low-life
detective and he gets his Plastic Man
powers okay
he's you know he's a bit of a thorn and
the flashes side but you know they still
work together flash is teaching him how
to be a hero and it's a lot of fun
character-wise yeah but this is a
television show on a television budget
and they're doing Plastic Man esque a
special effects yeah and that got me
thinking as you know like the comic book
that I read the most is miss Marvel who
has you know Plastic Man issue now or
you're gonna stretchy biggie and bigamy
powers right right I'm gonna I'm gonna
about to have a hot take here okay they
should not make a Miss Marvel movie okay
because I think that there is no
possible way to do stretchy powers that
don't look terrible I'm sorry I have no
opinion on this right well well you know
cuz the the CG is bad obviously in the
flash because it's TVs yeah yeah which
is fine but then like I'm thinking about
movies where we do have stretch you like
big movies where we have stretch of
characters like any of the fantastic
four movies like yeah there's a big
Hollywood movies they always look awful
someone out there it's just a great
artist who could make it work
maybe sorry how you do it I don't know
if our brains could ever process a
realistic-looking person stretching that
way
like if you think about times when it
does work it's in comics because art you
know like artists can make weird things
and miss misses incredible maybe you
don't maybe you don't do it that way
maybe you do it more like a goon you
just change the effect the style I don't
yeah maybe maybe
it's probably a way to do it it worked
in The Incredibles blue vodka cuz that
is not a real answer cartoons a cartoon
exactly and that ends so this is my this
is my super hot take is I don't think
it's possible because of uncounted candy
whether you want to call it uncanny
valley whether you just want to call it
it's it's an inherent goofiness to
stretch powers yes and I don't think
it's something our brains could wrap
around realist realistic skin doing it
like a movie had the right tone any
other matter if you're not if it's so
you're light-hearted and Pharaoh maybe
you can do stretching and gonna be fine
sure sure
like like Jim carries the mass right
anyway in the hypothetical scenario
where we're mark Marvel Edward Disney
buys DC Comics alright I like it it's
kind of DC coming into Marvel's
playground then here's the thing yeah
I'm assuming I would assume that
Marvel's publishing would take charge do
you if you merge the two universes do
you do you keep the fictional cities or
do you just Superman's in New York now
oh I couldn't I couldn't picture a
Marvel Universe that would have a
metropolis in it okay yeah here's my
pitch okay obviously this is just right
off the top of my head so it's gonna be
dumb the crisis rich yeah that had that
that happens and the main drama in all
of the world is quite literally the
earth of DC and the earth of Marvel
smush yeah so half of both planets are
destroyed be with me here okay so that
is going to immediately give you a ton
of conflict and drama in the world
so I've you know obviously like Gotham
isn't smooth metropolis is but maybe
edge City is or star city right you know
maybe the heroes come in you know the
hero stay but yeah millions are dead
billions are dead yeah and so then that
immediately makes each side resent to
the other side and so that's that's
where you can have our main drama is the
heroes battling each other because they
think that the other heroes and made the
Earth's smooshed together yeah yeah so
that's that's how you have the best of
both worlds oh yeah the great pun for
the sake of art because I think this is
this is an interesting question okay if
you did get rid of the fictional cities
yeah then Superman gets New York right
is that is that a question and bad if
Superman gets New York where do you
stick Batman Chicago is it Chicago or is
it Detroit
it's Batman a better fit for Detroit
Chicago Chicago okay you know why cuz
Detroit doesn't have the posh element
okay
Detroit is working-class like Chicago
has that blend where it's both
working-class and you also have opera
they're two Italian and posh elements so
a Batman is definitely Chicago Superman
obviously New York Detroit doesn't have
the buildings that that might be true
yeah
Detroit is all working-class like you
could put flash in Detroit would it be
too weird to give them like Dallas or
something
Batman yeah it's too weird it would be
incredibly too weird together though I
like it I would love the idea of just
the Batmobile pulling up next to giant
ass pickup trucks and people like you
know spitting tobacco Adam fucking buy
it man to face is gonna Rob the rodeo
and that's why it can't be no but you
know you could get you could give
Detroit to flash right and then you know
like fast cars fast guy that would make
sense
Detroit's a lot of flat earth a lot of
flat land uh-huh uh-huh that flat earth
flat a lot of flat land a lot of good
running area in green lantern like lanta
or something I don't know about Green
Lantern
[Laughter]
it seemed like that's the thing Superman
really could work in any city someone
was saying Superman is maybe a Los
Angeles thing okay
Superman's more of a world's hero he's
kind of like the world butuan but
where's the the question is where where
does he hang his hat you know where does
he work as a reporter can he can
Superman be a reporter anymore and tell
the people thank you you would probably
just have the Daily Planet be a rival
newspaper in New York sure for the
people that's a way yeah absolutely
if there if there was a weird way where
these earths got merged if they really
didn't want to do the fictional cities
otherwise you just keep it as it is
right metropolis and the planet I know I
know he's a blogger but so I have a
problem with Superman being a blogger
now I guess that that's what they have
to do with him no but okay well the the
the whole idea of him being a reporter
back in the day yeah was was to make
sure that he got all of the news of what
the bad guys robbing the bank
oh hey I know that cuz I'm at the news
paper right very convenient it was very
convenient
is there any strong reason for him to be
a blogger anymore in the information age
when everybody knows exactly what news
is happening everywhere does he even
move
and then what does Clark can do this is
my question see just another does your
it novels oh I like that I like that I'm
I like this I think I've had my soul for
now well you've been playing for yeah
two and a half hours so what's the plan
I knew we were worried about getting
power I know it that's great you tell me
what's your plan I don't know do FTL you
do hand of fate is there anything you
want to play you know I is good
gibbering I'm just gibbering I'm happy
I'm pretty happy gibbering I I'm liking
Clark Kent as an author Jeff this game
is fun mm-hmm hand of fate one or two
yeah I can see more to split so never I
never did unlock all of the cards no
wonder you sure oh sure go like go back
in unlock more cards yeah yeah but I
don't have I don't think I have that
safe file here so good point yeah I'm
saying a lot of I'm seeing a lot of
two's I'm seeing a lot of hand of fate
two's all right and then you can vote on
shit that's fun oh sure we can do the
twitch integration yeah it's fine I'm
with you all right we just go to it okay
that's a fine game that's a fine game
though my game I approve of super super
super flight super flight okie dokie
should call it fall guy fuck fall guy
what'd I do here it is shit where to go
it doesn't like the mouse now that
you've used the controller hold on
wait I'm gonna quit I'm gonna quit it
how we're supposed to quit it
super flight righty-tighty and let's go
chat gutter Punk in chat I did not play
through Orcs Must Die with no upgrades I
just played with the normal amount of
crates III upgraded everything as soon
as I could well not everything the
things I wanted upgraded what are you go
it's so nice when you download when you
download a game from gog.com you don't
have to actually go into GOG galaxy it's
right there in your Start menu I just I
like not having this the steam nanny on
my shoulder jackets it's an independent
streak I won't apologize for it let's
see here
well I guess we will use the cloud say
that'll be my save it's it's I'm logged
in it'd be mine probably ok so then yeah
you want the clouds yeah I wonder if I
have cloud for the friends it doesn't
matter anyway it's fine that's fine fine
it's all fine syncing cloud save for
also for anyone interested