Episode 902
PRE-REC_QUICK-EP - Hand of Fate 2
November 22, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4nc7UGvrdPQ
___________________________________________

all right I'm recording okay
hey rich hey Jack what's going on so
rich guess what is wildly unpopular what
is wildly unpopular this this what's
this format right here we're we're like
the cartoon and cool I've heard people
have you heard they don't like the
pixels they really don't like this man
they really don't like it
and so I'm bowing I'm bowing to
political pressure Jack for this episode
we're still pixels so we aren't we're
changing back to the other format where
they see our faces they seem to like
that but so but I thought to myself we
have all these pixel people and this is
really good for short episodes so what
if we we have a new format for games
that we don't have a lot to say about or
like early impressions of games stuff
like that is just short episodes well
that's great
so so rich welcome to prereq quick cap
clip prick quick QEP clip free reck clip
now what quick add clip quick clip could
quack
let's talk about a hand of fate - okay
it's a lot like hand of fate one but
this is this is this is the thing about
video games a sequel you can do the
exact same thing but just you know add
on some shit and and and mix you know
some improvements some fine-tuning but
it's basically the same thing all over
again
and it's fine yeah you can do that with
games yeah I mean you know there's
there's general sequel pressure you want
to do things a little bit bigger a
little bit more polished I have made
many changes my game is much improved
let's play but hand of fate - is
essentially hand of fate one but bigger
or slightly slightly different slightly
more polished knows a lot of
improvements it's quality game jack III
agree by the way I've been really
enjoying it I love me some hand to fate
yeah hand a hand of fate is you you take
a collectible card game only for combat
you have a little bit of Batman Arkham
action going on yeah it hit the people
with your weapon parry when a green
thing goes over them roll away when a
red thing is over them attack counter
dodge it's just that easy and and in the
original hand of fate there there were
kind of like mini randomizer card events
where they take four cards and then
shuffle them up and you have to choose
one for winning or losing but here we've
had it more it's bigger they we got the
card shuffle we got dice roll
we got a metronome spinny thing we got
cards spinning on a wheel rich there's
more that's all
it's all board gamers feel let's it's
it's not like they shoved I don't know
well like a bejeweled minigame in there
or something let's think you're rolling
dice now in addition to just selecting
cards yeah
can you claim this token so you know he
the the dealer sets up your game board
with with facedown cards and you have to
choose which card and every card is a
little event and you know a little
mystery and and if you complete the
event challenge you get more cards for
the next time you play in more cars and
you use a weapon and if you use a weapon
so many times a certain way you get more
cards looks like it's like I talked
about what the first game most cards
have that token to collect and that's
that's like it's like hitting that likes
like a monkey hitting the cocaine button
yep in the lab you know you just keep
doing it you like getting them tokens I
get the more cards so that gives me more
weapons so gives me more events whoo
yeah no and actually they've even added
one of one of my favorite additions to
is they've kind of added a two-layer
challenge to each story mission mm-hmm
and so you know the story the story
mission is you just get to the end
without dying and you win yeah and you
can't unlock stuff but yeah the silver
token you get this stilt right which
isn't as good right but if you can do a
certain thing a certain way just right
you get the gold token well get to the
end but get to the endless six blessings
and it it really drives that
replayability itch yeah yeah like you
know your first time through a level you
don't really know what you need or how
to get it but you figure out the pieces
as you play I was like yeah and the
first game every mission was basically
do the exact same thing it's just more
carbs got at it no now you've got those
those side objectives yeah yeah that's
great
yeah that's great it's it's a really
good game
the other changes you get a sidekick now
yeah who follows you on your adventure
you get the choose between one of
whatever like four right yeah
they all have their own quests that you
can complete you know not not only does
your sidekick offer story specific cards
but they have a little powerup yeah
Malaka lips gives you a little shield
the the big dumb bald guy got a charge
charge stuns enemies and so it does add
another layer to the combat I'm gonna
cut about a cup it feels tweet hype let
him back it back just just to get a feel
for it the combat feels a little bit uh
a little bit tighter so I got this
shorter window on counters was easier to
get hit more of a challenge okay good
they've made one very significant
upgrade which is a very minor character
creator that was the one thing I didn't
much care for in the original hand of
fate there was no character creator
mm-hmm and you know sometimes the games
got like a strong character like if you
play tomb raider you want to play as
Lara Croft
if I'm if I'm playing Bayonetta III I
want to play as Bayonetta but some like
hand to faint yeah just some dude give
me acting me a character creator for
that and hand of fate to does that it's
it's a very minor character creator you
get to choose between like four
different faces you're never really
staring at the face much so it's it's
enough exactly that's that was going to
be my point and you know you can choose
between whether you're a man or a woman
you get to choose a skin tone and each
skin tone has a slightly different face
and you get to choose your hairstyle
yeah boom that's all you need that's all
I need a easy-peasy I myself and to the
surprise of no one playing as a warrior
princess
[Laughter]
I'm playing as well Xena with with the
longest hair I could put on a character
for no particular reason
you find yourself working for the Empire
directly at least once removed how do
you think this will end alright somehow
remember I want to talk about endless
mother oh sure I didn't play that at all
well we can't you can't play unless mode
and had to feed too it's not there yet
what it's not there yet
hand affair one built-in endless mode
yeah this endless modus is coming soon
it's a future update Jack and I'd like
to talk about how endless mode compares
in hand - faith - to how a comparison
hand to fate would but I can't weird
it's future update they've added a new
mechanic which is the fame meter and
there is certain equipment that you
cannot get unless you have enough fame
and you know yeah that's how they
balance some of the more powerful
weapons is you you need to do so many
little tasks to gain your fame right
right I want to use that awesome ice
hammer which I do because it's awesome
and and I really like that it actually
really makes me it takes me a little bit
longer to consider how I want to deal
with certain events like you know I
could be a dick and steal this guy's
money right but will that cost me Fame
because I'm for fame away from being
able to use my awesome hammer maybe if I
do this I'll get it does it it adds a
little more think time to my through my
event story events I know you probably
learned art of the fun but it'll be nice
probably you know like week or two from
now a few weeks from now me a month yeah
when when the wiki's getting filled out
and you get those choices
I'll tab oh that looks like a neat
weapon hold on let me see what it does
which choice gets me more fame
[Music]
I'll abuse the wiki I don't give no
fucks sometimes I do I agree
more of what you like the first time you
get the dealer back we love the dealer
he says more and new thing is you get
the character creator yeah sidekick get
side missions more games more randomness
more board game stuff get some dice no
yeah nothing that nothing that's like a
revolutionary change just its
incremental upgrades over the first one
yeah makes for a better game mm-hmm
doesn't reinvent the wheel though didn't
need to no no it's a it sticks with its
unique combination of deck building and
Batman style combat yeah and it does it
better what more do you want you fight
against different guys yo yeah you gave
lots of new enemies can I say this yeah
do I need zombies in a fantasy setting -
do we need infected there I love the
game yeah but the infected don't do much
for me hey guy I was really worried we
were both worried we were playing at non
stream yeah and we came across the
infected and we both were old our eyes
cuz yeah we don't need zombies in a
fantasy setting and we were both worried
that they've replaced the skeletons yeah
well here was that here was what I had
heard yeah that there wouldn't be
Skellington because apparently you can't
have Skellington and shied off but it is
untrue it's untrue because later on I
found the skeletons and I was fine the
skeleton I was very happy when I fought
a necromancer and her army of skeletons
yeah great it's great and we liked it
and recommended IBB recommended thumbs
up I can't what I'm a graphic they won't
see it I could do it they won't see it
well but if use if you say thumbs up
I'll put like an image of an image of a
thumb will it be it'll be an 8-bit of
thumb where you just gotta find like a
stock photo of a thumb like a stock foot
like a like a like a the Facebook thumbs
up that's a pretty iconic thumbs up
Facebook fan well I got just a beautiful
hand model can we get a beautiful hand
model with me to give a thumbs up with
right here
I just put it in some nice nail polish
mm-hmm that's a fit time on that yeah
that stock photo cost us $15 oh my god
I just know what you know that that's
how much document learn it and edit it
out just me spending $15 for that joke