Episode 905
Little Nightmares (part 2)
December 2, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zhACqhr1vxc
___________________________________________

there's no fucks go away there's
something I'm missing over here I need
to find a little rock star should make a
certain you know what you know what
right if you need rock star to make a
game based off of a franchise you
already know and love here's what it's
you baby here's the pop culture game
that rock star needs to make okay
actually two of them I'll give you two
the Punisher rock star could do the
Punisher all right the other one I
thought of just as I was saying that
death wish
rock star getting someone that looks
like the Charles Bronson like the
character mom don't think Charles
Bronson yeah didn't have it look like
with a voice and just doing grand theft
auto's Death Wish three would be
spectacular but but the Punisher that if
you want if you need them to do a comic
book or something that fits in with the
kind of game they make yeah street crime
mmm-hmm rampages
[Music]
I like it rich I like it an open world
Punisher game and that would actually
actually that that works so well because
you know that would uh that would fit
with like the the police crime meter
yeah well that would work that would
work incredibly well a rockstar
spider-man game where you could swing
around a giant New York map would be
cool really really this this
revolutionary idea you have about
somebody making an open-world spider-man
game where he swings around New York
City wow I've never seen that they might
not know spider-man 2 is a thing they
might not know animation to web of
Shadows ultimate spider-man
they might know they've never done this
somebody patent this idea
[Laughter]
they might rich hey you know I can't I
just can't
we've tried people everyone here we have
tried to make rich be nice it just never
works sometimes you hear something so
stupid that I know I can't treat it with
kid gloves I just can't I'm sorry yeah
for those not paying attention they
already have made several spider-man
games you swing around it's already a
thing that exists some of them are even
pretty good yeah they are to be fair in
spider-man 2 the only good thing is the
web slinging that's true everything else
that is pretty ass though I am fond of
webinars you've said that you know what
I want to say like web of shadows used
to be available on Steam mm-hm and it
got taken off and I follow steam on
Twitter yeah and a couple weeks ago they
tweeted out that it was on sale I was
like what and so I click on the link and
unfortunately if the link was dead like
they missed tweet it out Alea but so
it's like it's the code is still there
for playing web of shadows on your PC
which is something I want to do because
I know you've talked very highly about
that game yeah you know you might not
like it because you've heard me talk
about it right
well I like vitamin I like spider-man I
don't even know what system these
spider-man games were on spider-man 2
was based on the movie spider-man - that
was the PlayStation 2 era I'm not sure
if it ended up on the original Xbox as
well it might have could have could have
and then web of shadows and my ultimate
spider-man that was also on ps2 Xbox ok
but then web of shadows that was a
little bit more recent that was like
PlayStation 3 360 Playstation 3 and Xbox
360 I mean you might have gotten
confused yep I haven't heard of the
PlayStation 3 360 it could be a thing we
don't know could be a thing
the current was not that such a
spider-man game should be made but that
such a game would be something that
Rockstar could do well no I don't know
if Rockstar could do it well to be
honestly they do open-world games but I
don't really like spider-man doesn't
have car mechanics that you have to
worry about Rockstar has never done web
slinging befores there's no like
previous oh yeah translates right away
right I mean I know they invented
open-world games but that's really the
only thread yeah yeah spider-man's kind
of a different beast like I've never
I've never like played Grand Theft Auto
and said man this combat feels
satisfying mm-hmm you know and in
spider-man there's a lot more than the
open world aspect to it a lot of melee
combat that rockstars never really done
right it's not as obvious as you might
think of a fydd Rockstar also when it
comes even though where comes the
storytelling
they Rockstar that were their names of
the brothers was just the one guy dan
Houser and someone else that seem like
they're in charge of writing this shit
their head honchos over at rockstar they
they love them some old classic crime
movies okay or in their case of Red Dead
Redemption just Old Spaghetti Westerns
and old movies are always heavily
influential in those games and that
spider-man doesn't really fit in their
old old crime movies they love them some
Godfather's they love them some what was
some of the little 90 gangster movies
darphus
yeah well that's Scarface I'm talking
about like like San Andreas was like the
like yeah but like vice city was the
head just had my city was bad I had all
Scarface segments ooh oh yeah you could
you could you could go to his Miami like
drug house Goodfellas yeah oh sure the
cage jerk menace to society that's kind
of moving I'm thinking of gangstas san
andreas spider-man doesn't really fit in
with that either
didn't they do Oh Anwar - well that's
also old crime Moving's 50s
I took your arms off Cathy Amit yeah I
like basically the moral of the story
here is they would you could hire them
to outsource the open-world but you
still need to give spider-man to a
developer who knows how to do things
like melee combat and web-swinging
which is I mean frankly which is why ax
and we should all be very cautious about
the new spider-man game oh it's gonna be
quick time event scripted shit looks
like it could have some fun - it could
have some of that Batman Arkham combat
fun I'm not there I just want a good
spider-man game
this all I want is a good spider-man
game rich Platinum's PlatinumGames
spider-man then half-ass it like they
have with all their licensed games oh
yeah have you played a platinum game
recently well they did near ya have you
played a platinum game recently I wasn't
I wasn't that big on transformers no and
the Ninja Turtles game looked like more
of the same yep yep these are games they
cranked out for money quickly because
they needed cash him I guess to pay for
a new suit to pay for all the but
textures in near they where they ran out
of but render power right who is around
in beat up women where can you get
spider-man
- can you ATK is that only ps2 or did
they port that somewhere I wonder
because I might just bring in the ps2
and play some small spider-man to give
up for Jack get me a copy of spider-man
2 you go for it I'm gonna do it what is
this thing yeah I just feel like being
spider-man
I'm saying it was definitely on PC what
I'm assuming they're talking about
spider-man - I think I'm gonna eat a rat
wasn't there an infamous version of an
on PC though that wasn't very good for
whatever reason it was it was like a
different game this really I think was
an infamous version of spider-man 2 out
there oh yeah yeah someone find it for
me
someone find it for me let's play it
it's replace your speed I mean we PC
version was a completely different game
that's probably what I'm thinking of
really well then wouldn't then we need
to play both don't you think sure
whatever you want do it jack whatever
you want do it I'm done I'm game if I
would have known beforehand we could
have got it what is going on this game
nothing nothing is going on rich are
there many puzzles to be oh no no really
like I was trapped in that room for a
while like with the hands following me
because I needed to like rip something
off of a cage yeah the puzzles are this
is very inside where you just kind of
walk to the next area I know they're
being puzzles like puzzles
yeah to be fair and inside yeah there's
that's what there is there's light
puzzles
say like this I'm sure it's gonna be a
puzzle this game looks style over
substance 100% a scam oh yeah yeah what
are you gonna do yak mousse says
thoughts on guns not gun control just
raw shooting
I enjoy target practice with a rifle and
pistol but have never gone hunting never
felt the inclination what's say you I I
wouldn't trust myself not to
accidentally shoot somebody handling a
firearm so I have not fired one no and I
love going shooting you've said this
before yeah I am I'm not a gun nut but
I'm a you know a gun maybe I don't even
know if I want to say a gun enthusiast
you know I do like go and shooting
I think the there's a lot of
conversations about you know responsible
gun ownership and I try to be one and
you know it's fun it's fun to go
shooting but safety first people thank
you first also someone who has known
several police officers I I know that
according to the people I've talked to
carrying a gun for self-defense is kind
of a what do you call it security
theater you're you're probably never
going to be in a situation in which
nope nope nope any case yeah I like
don't shoot this one before we get
before we get too crazy about it
oh you're stuffing oh good good good but
there there can be good fun
yeah something important you know if you
if you go shooting the the the real
important thing is to make sure you
clean your gun afterwards that's why I
accidentally shoot myself in the head
well you take the bullets out first
right rule number one you take the
bullets out but you know making sure
that it's properly greased you get all
the debris all of the powder off of it
that way just you know maintain maintain
your tool guns guns guns you know I'm
going but going back a bit and still on
the theme of guns yeah I just want to
see a rockstar Death Wish style game now
I like your Punisher Rockstar Punisher I
know they I know they don't do licensed
games very often yeah I think they did
the Warriors didn't they they did do the
Warriors you're right so they're gonna
do another one I wouldn't mind it being
death wish all right Charles Bronson
death wish not uh not freakin uh Bruce
Willis Willis oh it would have to be
Charles Bronson or because you know a
lot of their games are done in the
styles of older other films like
Scarface it's not a Scarface game Grand
Theft Auto influenced by Scarface they
went into a game that's influenced by
Death Wish yeah I won't complain
I'm with you I'm with you I think they'd
be fun
you got a fight you got to find the
criminals Yeah right yeah so it'd be a
little anti Grand Theft Auto you get you
got to go around looking for the bad guy
you seem you've watched Death Wish three
the whole fucking town is criminals at
the end it's been a while since I've
seen death verse 30 to be okay so this
is a little puzzling so I have to find
the key
so this door has a key so somewhere in
here is a key Death Wish is too subdued
to make a good game unless you're going
for the sequels
oh the sequels the sequels Death Wish
three is the bar
now you have a story about like the cops
being on the tag and then you can get
away with just shooting anybody there
you go yeah
cops are on the take in this town Jack
Casey I'm the only one willing to stand
up to him but let me commit a little bit
swell running wild and no one's gonna
stop them except for me there you go
lets you check did you shoot anybody in
the game I like it like it
there can be some sort of like like
investigatory minigame where you have to
figure out whether it's a good copper or
a dirty cap all right like wasn't there
that wasn't that like part of the LA
noire thing where it's like you had like
this whole like doubt belief system so
you interrogate caps
yeah the lamb no nothing oh I am you're
on the take yeah I'm I'm sticking with
rock star doing a Punisher or death wish
I like it I endorsed this idea
I'm gonna take this soap with me
enjoying your review of nothing but
trouble did you see the equally weird
neighbors 1981 last film with John
Belushi I haven't seen that film in
decades I remember liking it because
it's weird I'm in the same boat as you
I remember liking it cuz it was weird
but I have no strong I feel like I
couldn't tell you what happened in the
movie it's Dan Aykroyd and John Belushi
both playing against type yes it's Dan
Aykroyd playing the party animal
neighbor and John Belushi as the
straight-laced just suburban Metin man
little man by the way which is probably
why they agreed to do the movies like
yes fuck around with this fuck the
formula yeah let's see what happens
get up there 5:30 skeptics as rich have
you played FTL with a fan-made captain's
in addition mod lots of tweaks additions
and more story elements very legit this
is the first I'm actually hearing about
it so no you know about the captain spot
captain's elite mom for other captain a
captain's elite mod I remember I've
never played any FTL mod I've played the
DLC for FTL ms not a mod I thought we've
talked about the mod before and you
you've said that you didn't want to mess
with it maybe now I said you're talking
about the mob good talk about captain's
mod is the first I'm hearing about oh oh
he caught me you caught me the captain's
edition right heaven haven't we talked I
thought we talked about it but I mean
apparently on valiant bloodshed says do
you guys think valiant can even possibly
get a piece of the comic book movie pie
at this point they have much more
diverse characters but trying to compete
with Marvel and DC is a tall order one
of the money the yeah they need they
need to sell out they yeah they need
their Disney or Time Warner and then I'm
still probably wouldn't work because
they don't have characters that the
general public is familiar with so I
think the outlook is poor mmm you would
you would have to just start and make a
really good movie based on one of your
characters and even though the general
audience isn't familiar with that
character if the movie is good they'll
like that character and you can work
from there yeah you like either that or
a show like you know partner with
Netflix and say hey Netflix you're about
to lose all your Marvel stuff come on
over to valiant side
like if you made just the most amazing
bloodshot movie ever made
yeah people wouldn't care about
bloodshot then just because it was a
good movie absolutely they weren't
familiar with the character beforehand
like blade absolutely just like blade
just like Dwight if you if you get
yourself like a sleeper hit Netflix
series like ten episodes of Archer and
Armstrong and it like it hits like
stranger things hits fucking right start
writing checks man but or the guardians
of the galaxy sure but they had the
money behind it in the first place
that's remember they had Disney at that
point guardians of the galaxy exists
because the Marvel movies were already a
hit and I was like yeah what else can we
do yeah these characters let's use them
yeah they never heard of them I don't
care we're riding right in hot we're
gonna do it we're gonna make everyone
we're to make everyone know what got
into we're gonna make him
they were playing from a position of
power of course valiant would not be
well not I mean that was such a
Guardians
that was such a a good bet to like he
had Chris Pratt who is America's is
still America's Sweetheart right like
you're riding a high off of the the
Marvel kick when was that was that right
after Avengers I don't know when they
announced it when did it I'm saying well
like when did occur what did it I'm not
even sure in continuity right but no
there there was there was actually it's
actually that was not as big of a gamble
where did that guy go and where am I
supposed to go Wyatt does this room
exist um get up there
okay let's do the door that's where I
came in
okay there was a guy sleeping in here
wait
where did he go huh
what did he do what's going on I need a
key the whole point of this is I need a
key where did the guy go what's going on
what's happening
bring back Judge Dredd with Karl Urban
yeah bring it back as a Netflix show
yeah was that a joke I thought that
actually was happening it's it's
something that was talked about
happening and people got really excited
because Karl Urban said he would be down
yeah not realizing that he's just an
actor and wants to paycheck yeah
like of course he's down oh yeah I'll
take a pill I guess I'll have a Netflix
series right come on people but people
got excited because like Oh Karl Urban
said he would do it it's like a fucking
course he'll do it well the hype died
dad yeah I mean it was Noah's never a
thing it was never happening it was it
was a fan speculation fan speculation
listen I'm sure Karl Urban also like has
love for the character but we shouldn't
be hyped that he said okay to do it
fucking fuck
they are literally making it oh there's
the key but he is not officially
attached okay
interesting interesting
the key is on the left side of the room
hanging from a peg no it's not I'm
holding it uh you already got it to be
honest it took me a while to find it
I was I was playing video game mode
where there was something that I could
climb and so I assumed that I must climb
it in order to get the thing when in
fact I did not have to oh not a sews if
a game developer was going to make a
game starring you to widget dev would
you want making it and which genre
platformer life sim turn-based strategy
have rich hunkered down an overwatch
mode should i I don't necessarily think
that I'm the best subject matter for a
game that no it would be an old it would
be a Space Quest style adventure game
text adventure welcome parser text
adventure okay that's what it would be
just because they would be funny
dammit to have to go back up and get the
key gosh dang it I'm sorry jack
I'm sorry you should be
he wakes up and he goes away crawl back
down get the fucking key JRPG because
rich no no you're just being cruel hey
rich Evans Tomb Raider yeah like that do
you guys remember we just run out of
breath there's like a stamina meter and
you can't make it more than a few feet
of the game before you ever stop at rest
there's a there was a mode in in the
first it was it the first uncharted or
uncharted 2 where you could play as fat
Nathan Drake yeah
and it was the exact same like
platforming everything except for like
Nathan Drake would be like oh and it was
hilarious I loved every moment of it you
can grab on ledges like you know in Tomb
Raider but only for like three seconds
right right
Jack just called rich fat why I am again
I can't deny that I didn't think that
would be a surprise to rich
so what are you doing with this key I
got to just get to the lock over there
but I was just seeing if I could get
under the stairs because I think there's
a French thing I don't think you're
carrying the key it's on the ground
right and I'm not carrying it yet I
thought there was a friend over here
that I could hug somebody's saying this
game looks neat
it does look neat yes and you know at
least this section has a little bit more
meat to it then then some of the other
sections like I feel like I'm actually
doing stuff gameplay-wise Anonymous's of
the three major billionaire superheroes
Bruce Wayne Tony Stark and Oliver Queen
who is the most realistic origin story
by the way I only know the TV and movie
versions not the comic book Ken emini
Stark yeah if we're going off of the TV
movie version its Tony Stark his parents
were or his dad was a weapons contractor
that's why he's a billionaire yeah which
makes a ton of real-world sense Batman
doesn't make any sense
well what did his parents do they got
shot no no how did they get their money
oh come on that was a brilliant answer
you know it couldn't take it
Thomas Wayne was a doctor but I think I
think Thomas Wayne also grew up rich I
don't know where the family's money
comes from right it's just like like I
think what I mean yes
rich yeah the Wayne's are just old money
yeah but I mean just the psychology of
your parents getting shot a rich person
whose parents get shot it's not gonna
stop and dedicate their life becoming a
one-man army who fights criminals there
they're either gonna unless you are a
absolute sociopath
they're either we're gonna have a
troubled child that goes out partying
and gets drunk trying to forget yep or
they're gonna donate money to law
enforcement and try and make the
community better with their money to
eradicate the crime they're not going to
dress up like a bat that is not the
conclusion that a genius Ridge person is
going to come up with I need to dress
like a bat and fight crime with my fists
you know you know what a genius what
would happen in real life if your
parents died at a young age and you had
all that money in genius you'd spend a
lot of your life drinking and partying
and trying to forget and then have a
traumatic event that turns it around a
lot Oni Stark and Iron Man woman and you
focus on your business and you're
getting past the grief right and then
like oh well maybe it makes sense you
know I built this suit and yeah actually
like Iron Man 1 makes it has a ton of
what win world logic yeah agreed
I don't have any idea what what the fuck
Green Arrow's backstory is I don't have
any fucking clue I only know that from
the TV show in which his parents were
again just kind of old money and real in
real estate and developing it like yeah
I guess that makes sense but he gets his
powers at least on the show again I've
never read a green arrow I've read one
Green Arrow comic but that was after he
had his powers he got his power he
doesn't even have powers he's like
Batman where he's just trained really
hard because of this magical island he
was on so not a ton of kind of magical
it's kind of magical all right all right
if we're talking about which one of
these people would actually be a
billionaire like powers aside yeah Tony
Stark right if we're talking about which
one of these people's powers are most
reasonable in reality Tony Stark
absolutely both both Tony Stark
I can pick up a sausage Tony Stark's
primary powers industry for crying out
loud is his well he's an engineer you
know his primary power is designing and
of being able to implement his designs
yes
Batman's a rich person who decided to
learn karate I love Batman as a
character yeah but if we're talking
about which one of these is most liable
to be real yeah it's joist yeah there's
there's one answer to this question and
it's Tony Stark back
what's the superpower he's rich of that
can I tell you this Oh Mike I don't I
don't have to tell me that I don't have
much to say about the Justice League
movie most of what I said is in the
freakin what I think is in that right
half in the bag review but that lion
irritated me as it should because Batman
is a character he would never as a super
Pro he would never say I'm rich no that
would never happen no no there there are
a hundred different lines that would
have worked better in that situation
including just him giving flash a look I
don't need one that's what Matt would
say I don't need one
yeah that's good that's a great line
that's a fucking great line it was so
out of character it almost felt like an
outtake like something yeah something
Ben Affleck said as a joke that felt
like a joke a fan would make yeah so
just Whedon wrote that line yeah I don't
disagree
that is a great line no it's no it's not
oh no you're lying rich I think the
thing your low your line yeah I don't
need I don't need one yeah yes he would
say I am smart before he said I am rich
he would say a lot of things before I am
rich in fact he would not say I am rich
is them is the moral of the story it's
like and it's even hard you know I know
we said we would talk about Justice
League and kind of my joke on Twitter
was we would talk about it for
approximately five minutes before we ran
out of things to talk about and I don't
even think we made it five minutes okay
you for those of you who have not seen
it there is nothing to this now there is
just nothing like diet water it's
exactly what I mean I am someone who as
most people know it has a super power
when it comes to movies oh shit you
drink it in you're more thirsty yes like
I remember movies I I I have a part of
my brain dedicated to remembering parts
of movies it's hard for me to keep track
of what actually happened because
nothing actually mattered there were a
few cute moments in the movie but they
also felt horribly out of place in that
movie like that little bit at the end
when like the flash and the Superman are
having their little competition to save
people and the flash is like just
pushing four people out of the way and
Superman's carrying an entire building
full of people that was a really cute
moment also devalues the need for a
Justice League though doesn't it yes but
that's fine but it also like felt like
it didn't belong in that movie didn't it
because didn't know it wasn't it wasn't
the movie was not made for scenes like
that the movie was made to be Batman vs
Superman zero yeah like I don't even
think I was supposed to be on that thing
but tonight I can't think of well wait
hold on I think I figured which would
have been worse but I would have been
entertaining because it was right
Oh Oh is oh there damn it once again the
game keeps tricking me into thinking
there's a puzzle and so I spend time in
a room trying to figure out the puzzle
when I just walk out the door yeah the
problem with flash in the Justice League
is that his powers are made completely
redundant by Superman here's the thing
you don't need to have Superman be that
fast hmm
you don't have to flash can be a lot
faster than Superman you can let that be
a thing sure shit
yeah that's fine that's fine it's cute
like their whole their whole racy thing
that's it's cute again doesn't
necessarily feel like it belongs in that
movie no and it's like the other part of
it is I shit and what was Flash Peter
Parker what what was this one just the
flash Peter Parker didn't feel like he
was Peter Parker like I do they're
totally yeah an experienced kid with
superpowers flash may have been a
jokester before but I don't think it was
ever a blatantly teenage Peter Parker no
but they they they need a dynamic
spider-man homecoming but and you know
what it else is it really well at the
box office I'm gonna be okay with that
because I they need a team dynamic and
you can't maybe or maybe I just don't
want to see a team of of all dour grown
ups so I'm gonna be okay with it damn it
now there is a puzzle and I can't do it
what is the puzzle what is the puzzle I
need to stop thinking about the puzzle
and just nemesis jack or the chap if we
have any audio files in the audience I
do not have a good voice for voiceovers
okay
is it possible to record my voice and
screw around with settings to make it
sound good / normal what is wrong with
your voice there's only so much you can
do like you could you know if you use
something like a free program like
audacity or you know like for me I have
the Adobe suite so I have like audition
you can do slight pitch shifts to make
your voice sound a little deeper but not
too much to America wrong robot but just
a slight amount you can EQ it you can
take away the esses and the Pops but a
lot of that also has to do with your
microphone there's things you can do to
tweak your voice but as far as just make
it so that it's completely different not
a whole bunch without it's sounding like
you did a whole bunch you know what I'm
saying mmm do you get it my fan I don't
think I'm supposed to be in here yet you
mean if you changed it too much it's
gonna sound weird it's gonna sound over
processed and weird yes this is the
thing I thought maybe we could do maybe
I could open this by putting meat on it
no clack atomic says clack atomic have
you guys seen the movie freaked it has
some great creature effects and features
mr. t as a bearded woman Keanu Reeves is
a dog Bobcat Goldthwait as a sock and
Randy Quaid as a mad scientist I seen it
I saw it years ago and I got to be
honest I never particularly loved it it
seems like it should be a J movie is Jay
a fan freaked
I think he's talked about that's the one
that was directed by Alex winters right
yeah I think so yeah by Bill cause he
just in it he's in it I don't know if he
directed it yeah I think Jay has talked
about that movie before I don't remember
if he talked about it positively haha so
take that
but it feels like a Jain movie sure
I'm saying you should swing the other
way okay I get what you're saying like
it oh you mean like this way can I do
that oh okay
no oh well no no you got to go to the
other hook so swing normally to the one
on the right and then back oh I get it I
get it
I'm with you okay so then now go to back
yeah define a J movie something weird
and preferably with body horror if he
ever J talk about anything oh wait
there's another meat slab up here I
think I think it has something to do
with these meat slabs a lot yeah I think
you can get to those other hooks near
than the background I tried and I well
at least my first attempts I didn't I
here's what I'm thinking I'm thinking I
got to put the meat on the floor door
and then the floor door opens because
there's so much meat on it okay that's
that's what I'm assuming can you land
directly on the door that would be cool
hold on we're gonna come on okay I'm
stuck I'm stuck in the meat yeah
okay my idea about the meat the meat
doored
was incorrect my meet Dorothy sis has
been Peru has been invalidated which is
fine all right all right okay so now we
swing this way I think that makes sense
yeah nope
can you land on the floor ah
let's try or is all my meat in the way
your meat might be in the way but I
think this is worth trying okay whoo I
landed right on the door nothing ham
okay so it's not in there there's way to
open the trap door but you wouldn't want
to be on there for it there's a way to
open the trap door let's go be in the
other room right out let's go back into
the other room
see we got a deal with over here alright
there's no buttons over there get up
here
like what are some Alex winter movies
Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure well
he acted villain Ted's bogus journey
yeah
and that's set free I was he in Lost
Boys maybe he might have been just part
of the vampire gang in the background
yeah yeah I don't know guys I'm missing
something I'm missing something big I am
missing something big and important over
here see over here we got we got these
little these little Klima bowl things
and you get on this box right and then
you have this area which you can see but
you can't get to somebody wash bogus
journey for the first time recently and
it was very different from what they
expected how would you expect it does
take like if you're coming straight from
excellent adventure it does it's a
little more screwball which I am 100%
okay it's a better film the olgas
journey is better okay I'll you know
what I'll agree with you I needed a
moment to gather my thoughts but I'll be
with you someone to send me to go back
down the dumbwaiter a better movie it
did not fall into the trap of doing the
exact same thing again yeah it went
screwball I mean they're still going to
weird places but really weird places
yeah
I knew they died but wasn't prepared for
robot Bill and Ted unless the millions
who make the good robot uh-huh it's some
wonderfully bizarre and their logic to
to fight bad robot MEMS they need to
make good robots them that is such a
phillips-head logic yep I love it yeah
that's a great movie you need to make
good robot us worst and we're still not
ready for the competition do we have a
time miss y'all man the whole thing that
Homer is great God gave rock and roll to
you hey rock and roll to you
God gave rock and roll everyone home and
yes William Sadler is fantastic as death
yes he is the best sidekick that
villains head could ever have he might
be the best sidekick in any movie ever
are you kidding best two out of three
he saw me I was hoping if I just hung
that he wouldn't see me but he saw me oh
yeah that whole that whole game sequence
is great
I need to rewatch that movie I need to
rewatch both of those movies great
movies this William Sadler show up in
the sequel to every 80s movie pretty
much you do worse no Xena doesn't die
hard - he's in bogus journey what other
big eighty sequel was William Sadler in
oh yeah yeah he was in um he's not in
Kremlin Stu but that's not technically
an ATC it's a sequel to an 80s movie but
it was released in the 90s died and we
don't feds to those nineties movie is it
yeah you fucked up I know I did fucked
up I heard - was also like 1991 or 90 or
so
I'm trying to fit I'm trying to think of
yeah he said amazing all those he's in
all those movies
as the shawshank redemption' two sequels
The Green Mile no as it came out first
and if you could get it together is it
is it is the Green Mile a prequel to
Shawshank Redemption would be the
correct way to put that oh oh look he's
wearing like a person mask and he's a
horrible creature underneath don't you
take the mask up now he was like.he like
it's his face underneath his people mask
that was cute you know like I the art
direction is fantastic yeah look at this
this is horrifying
when I was in Middle School my teacher
showed us excellent adventure claiming
it had educational value nice
I also saw villains heads excellent
adventure in middle school for
educational purposes because they went
through different time periods in
history
nice-nice wasn't the first time I saw it
though I think I just saw it was a
rental sure sure
that's really funny but it tells you
about Napoleon and Beethoven and Joan of
Arc who's a pretty bitchin lady that's
great valiant bloodshed says Jack
Valliant bloodshot the sequel to
Watchmen called doomsday clock started
Wednesday
yes dr. Manhattan is reshaping the DC
Universe into the Watchmen universe in
1992 thought I would hate it but it's
pretty good I'm coming I'm gonna come in
negative like and so I'm worried and you
know like for outside what for me in
comics in general I usually like the
trades I like to wait until one whole
story arc is done and then I come in is
it written by Alan Moore
Alan Alan Moore's spinning in his grave
I think he's not even he's not dead he
just dug his own grave
why just lives he has a coffin that he
sleeps in in a grave
cuz he's Alan Moore right and he is
currently spinning it nice
I can totally see how a more sleeping at
our grave can't you yes yeah
how did I get away last time so the
ideas of for those who don't know the
idea of Doomsday Clock is they're
incorporating the watchman universe into
the DC universe yeah and it sounds like
a very bad idea let's see if we can
let's see if we if he pitches under his
flesh mask again I think I I think a lot
of people know that the Watchmen is
popular and don't necessarily understand
why it's popular but they say well this
is this is a this is a trade book that
that sells really well so let's do
something with it
what does it accomplish to combine
universes money people like Watchmen
let's do something with the Watchmen yep
this is not good
Superman versus dr. Manhattan would end
very badly for Superman
dr. Manhattan can bend reality it's not
necessarily magic just rip your atoms
apart yeah yeah Superman is still is
still a being
true-blue review says hey guys have
there been any games you love playing
that would be awful to stream do you
think they get judged by let's players
too harshly and how much audience
entertainment can be squeezed out I'm
not sure what you're getting out your
second part here do I think what gets
judged by let's players too harshly
games like like some people who are just
let's players might play a game be like
this sucks because my let's playing of
it isn't very good I don't I don't pay
enough attention to let's players to to
be able to comment on this honestly
that's good that's fine yeah yeah and I
guess the only thing I can say is I do
think that some games are given a lot of
love by people because they make for
good streams five nights at freddys some
jackass pretending to be scared right
right you be fucked you be fucked so far
I pressed the wrong button I pressed the
Crouch and sneak button and not to run
away button oh do I have to go get the
whole fucking key again god damn it
Friday the 13th for example Friday the
13th is legit man hmm
that it is first games then I played
that I wouldn't play on stream that I
like yeah Ghostbusters because the
nature of that game it's that cast
talking and we can't interrupt that it
wouldn't it would be wrong right right
well like I even need to think about it
like for when we're streaming together
we're you know I was thinking of games
to play today and one of the ideas I had
is though you know like I know people
really like The Witcher and I've been
looking for another excuse to play The
Witcher again and
should-should i just play more with you
today but I also knew we were gonna be
all jibber jabber e and that's a game
where I am actually paying attention to
the story so like I donno stop talking
about this let's pay to watch the story
of The Witcher right so
why not play ghostbusters when doing a
solo stream but at that point I mean you
might as well just play it yourself
I don't think it's that hard to find and
it's not a bad game okay all right
get up you fuck didn't make it you make
it fuck didn't make it I was pressing
the button not good enough this is dumb
yeah yeah I'm sorry I'm sorry I was in
the thing stupid purple on the room uh
yeah I could
I fed Karen call things that were quite
clearly a shade of blue purple she
obviously she thinks I'm just as wrong
when I say it's purple or blue
gosh dang it I'm sorry
gosh dang it very sorry should be it's
your fault this is straight out of
nothing but trouble isn't it yeah some
of it this guy walking around could
totally be in nothing but trouble yes
this is actually this game is the
unofficial nothing but trouble sequel
just making some disgusting sausages for
Dan Aykroyd to eat nope replace your
character with Jenny Moore
well Demi's lost some weight she's been
working on there I've been working on
her body so
get under fuckin I got caught on a table
leg I I'm sorry
it's getting to the point where I'm not
liking it I think but trouble used to be
on HBO for what seemed like every day
for most of the 90s it was probably
incredibly cheap they could probably air
that for next to nothing
I can't they can advertise that they
they are big movies with big-name
starlet Hollywood and Aykroyd and Chevy
Chase and toe candy box office we got
all the stars in big Hollywood movies
exactly exactly
and might have seen that a theater
nope nope nope nope nope the controls
are broken did you see me slide uh-huh
I was sliding around that's only
supposed to happen when you run I was
not running oh and now you're back here
go check out the noise yeah ding is it
too late
try something else yeah
all right so I have to do the like right
can you run and somebody hit the button
instead of going to the table on the
Left can you go straight to the right I
think he'll see me it's a suggestion I'm
reading in the chat and it doesn't sound
like a bad one you know you got it no
you don't maybe you do no you don't
under there good under there but it
doesn't seem to speed up the process
yeah so now he'll go back over there
hey go go go go go go move your little
legs stress it's unbearable well it's
like you know the controls aren't
precise and they're not supposed to be
you know that's that's supposed to be
one of those things that like helps fill
you with dread is like the the gooeyness
of the control scheme okay go go go go
go go go go I'll wait here can ahead can
ahead I'm gonna
brave sir Packard he briefly ran away
uh-huh is the ghost of Nick yep I did it
it's not the wrong choice you had that's
the only choice in this game is you're
just running away with style that's
that's the whole game man welcome
welcome to the game you're doing it jack
you're doing it there's a plunger can
you grab the plunger not to my knowledge
no you cannot yeah well what else is
down here I got a one of these creepy
dolls oh you break those you break those
four points oh oh you can climb the
walls you can climb the walls that's
what you do is dan aykroyd insane
no he's just weird because he's
functioning like you know he can do
stuff in everyday life we tend to call
those people eccentric right the plunger
is way to central and prominent it's not
be a thing you interact with I know I
agree there's probably something gonna
happen with that plunger oh there's
another plunger maybe just a plunger
they're introducing the concept of
plungers as a thing I don't know all of
these things are possible okay well I
gotta get out over there then look at
what point does believing in weird
things become insanity well as soon as
like that's why I say he's functioning
like as as soon as as soon as it takes
over your life to a point where you are
no longer caring for yourself I I think
believing in vishnu' was weird right
is that does that make like the entire
population of India insane if they
believed in
if someone believed in a deity so much
that they decided not to eat because the
deity would provide for them then yes
then they then they become harmful to
themselves or those around them right if
you believe in a deity so much that you
harm others then yes
this is what I am saying
but as far as we know dan aykroyd still
like eats so do you think christian
scientists are insane yes
sorry I'm just catching up with
Christian Scientists yes by the way yes
this insanity that's legitimate eyes
legitimate eyes based on the number of
other people who also believe in the
same delusions but to me it's the same
thing as saying I believe in leprechauns
I'm coming I'm coming but I'm saying if
you're gonna say Dan Aykroyd's insane
you have to lump all of these other
people in with it I'm not saying any of
them are insane I'm not saying I believe
they're insane I'm just saying if you're
gonna say Dan Aykroyd is insane then
like the rest of the world is going in
that box with him oh well at least a
very high part of the population
population of the world yep
shit shit you don't see nothing man you
don't see nothing
yeah get out here get out of here
chipper Reno's
go cut demon
I wonder how Bill Murray would describe
Dan Aykroyd
that's a fine question hmm what does
Bill Murray think of dan Aykroyd hmm I
also would be very interested in this I
don't necessarily know what I should do
here
got a hook thing going now all right
seems like the kind of guy Murray would
actually like I'm not saying he wouldn't
like him didn't they get into a fight
after ghostbusters you thinking of
Harold Remus and the fight wasn't over
Ghostbusters the fight was over
Groundhogs Day mm-hmm which was slightly
after Ghostbusters - mm-hmm
is it wrong to think Oh is it wrong to
think what about Bob is Marie's best
role know what about Bob is a fine film
you know I really think it is I think it
doesn't get it doesn't get the credit
that it deserves what about Bob yep
obviously I think there are there are
better Bill Murray roles but I think
that's a fine one
see you sucker oh he's probably gonna
reach me right two of them damn it damn
it
shit what
god damn you you honky bastard Jack the
object how's the diet did you get past a
hundred and ninety pound barrier yet I
have not
did you know Mark Hamill went from 240
to 190 for the sequel trilogy and he's
shorter than you it's a perfectly
respectable weight
he went from what 240 to 190
okay yeah but he'd probably also had to
gain some muscle money is a big
motivating factor in this too
oh god if I got paid and you know no
offense to Mark Hamill because
congratulations but I'm also betting
that they paid a personal trainer sure
someone someone who literally told him
what to eat every moment of his day he
had a training regimen sure yeah it's a
little bit different Mark Hamill was 240
I don't think I don't remember him being
that fat oh there are pictures there
before and after pictures yeah he was
big he was big he was big but it's
different and you know like I know like
there's there's a lot of people out
there who will hate on like fashion
models and whatnot be like oh well this
unrealistic expectation but it's like
you know what that's their fucking job
if it was my job just to look good then
I would then that would that's how I
would how I would fill my time you know
like it's these people's job to be in
shape get up the ladder you dink
[Laughter]
resourceful kid can't handle ladders
can't handle a piece I can climb fucking
pots and pans but I'll add a rope area
oh we're on a ship oh my god
Anne today because I couldn't because
even though I press the jump button to
jump onto the anchor thing it didn't
register it I'll try that again
platforming in 3d are not how eyes
1980 says have you guys ever seen the
documentary electric Boogaloo the one
about cannon movies what did you think
I've seen her thought it was interesting
I have not seen it actually I hear good
things I hear very good things about it
I have not seen it though
I've not seen it though and as far as
dad's concerned like I I'm doing good on
my diet I've stabilized like right
around the one ninety one ninety two
area and with holidays coming up all I'm
hoping to do is maintain at this point
there's there's not a lot you can do and
you know I just had the vacation time
I'm trying to set my some realistic
goals and it's like I don't think I'll
drop down I'm just gonna do my best to
maintain because you know holidays
holidays are a rough time oh oh look at
those people adorable blurbs
so I'm sorry what was that was that
about what's the tip Oh watching
Boogaloo like your boo oh yeah I haven't
seen that one sorry Sode Sode lucky your
to go now okay when i remember yeah I
remember hearing good things about it
sounds like something I would be into
watching but maybe maybe I'll get around
to it
oh look at him one's got some little
masky on all of them I have like people
masks on
yeah that's certifiably creepy huh all
right I'm down with that
also weird Japanese lady Oh yep
huh whoo-hoo
no noise are swaying at all oh come on
this isn't a game about that rich it's
about the atmosphere the atmosphere and
the social commentary can't you this is
dripping with social commentary what is
this leading to hmm I'm a hopefully blob
monster last time we got blob monster I
guess what I'm saying is expectations
are pretty high Oh
oh my god he caught me oh nice
that's pretty horrifying that's very
very freeing
in terms of creativity pee-wee's big
adventure versus nothing but trouble
I'm glad you know what I'm gonna call
that an interesting question yeah both
are very creative on separate paths
obviously all right here's my here's my
gut yeah right yeah be with me here
pee-wee's is more creative nothing but
trouble builds a more cohesive world
okay I I cannot comment as it has been
way too long since I have seen pee-wee's
big adventure
[Music]
run away run away under the table
no there's stuff under the - no no under
there
actually this is kind of horrifying just
the big fat man chasing me on the floor
oh my god I'm supposed to climb up this
person aren't I nope
what am I supposed to do here what am I
supposed to do here okay yep oh the
plates oh the plane I thought oh this
was a climbing the lady you literally
jump right into the monstrous mouth I
Welles's trial-and-error rich trailer
yeah hey you know what two minutes
haha you know what you said two minutes
man and how about in the future you
settle the fuck down
I'm abusing my powers oh yeah
ah I wouldn't say abusing that's what
your powers are for I'm sure it was for
a good reason
maybe it wasn't I'll admit that
yeah whatever someone was being a
dickhead
it's your call they're calling who's it
being a dickhead
hopefully that too is me like two
minutes not two months we'll see hello
little friend I will hug you I will hug
you little friend I came in late what's
the story of this game we have no idea
creepy things are happening creepy
things so creepy and creepy things are
creepy maybe I missed something in my
little hole here with my with my with my
special friend hey special friend what
am I supposed to do
you know no you don't know nothing
lock it up there someone thinks you have
to run across the counter that's what
I'm thinking but before like I last time
I tried to do that I got eaten by a
monster and so I wanted to I understand
I I understand
I wanted to take I don't know this is
the right thing to do I don't know where
the hell you would go from here well
fuck it let's see what happens
they say that's definitely the right
thing to do that's like there's a big
bright light on it you know that
actually is kind of creeping the fuck
out of me the giant pause groping at me
dingus your character is a bit of a
dingus as far as movement is concerning
your kid understandable there would be a
Degas
I so expected you to fall yeah no
jumping either it gives you a lot of
leeway I'll be honest with you oh I'm a
little friend I can hug but I don't
think the eye things kind of vanished
from the game didn't they yeah it's fine
that was that area that area had its I
thing you know you can see the
background images through the game that
true somebody is saying that I'm not
seeing does look a little shrunken okay
hold on
we can fix that see it on a bigger
screen I'm not saying it pause I mean
not really possible
we'll keep streaming but let's I'm gonna
say you're wrong about you just mean
like this stuff you can see on the sides
maybe they can see the respective lines
I don't see it
let's double check though let's double
check we can go in here and maybe you
can see it with a brightness up mmm yeah
I don't know I it's all--it's it should
be fine I don't oh yeah look at that
yeah that she's all right you are
absolutely right whoa how weird
why what that's a great question that is
a great question
I have no idea what is this alpha why
was that turned down at all
I'm not hitting an accident maybe yeah
doesn't need effect so there's there's
this alpha button which is basically
just like how transparent it is and
apparently the transparency got down
just like a couple clicks like like
right here just enough for the lines to
go through how weird all right we are
now at full alpha lol only took them
three hours to notice because it was so
obvious when we're not looking at the
same thing you're looking at we're
playing we're looking at the game
looking at the game well and yeah well
like we set everything up on the big
screen and then the we see the stream on
a screen approximately the size of a
cell phone so we don't see it in its
full screen all the time whoever pointed
that out though thank you we really
appreciate you pointing that out that uh
that really helped us so Big Ups to
whoever pointed that out there we go
back to the game pick up I go what
happen how long will it take us to
notice the boom mic do you want to hear
us you don't oh oh
you know nobody nobody wants to hear us
jack
I don't like witches boom mike is in a
weird position yeah but also that's kind
of the only place again it needs to be
there because if it goes in front of us
then we can't like move around in the
room and if it goes other places then we
can't like use our hands to play games
or you know check stuff some like one
chance of scaling up of the game is it a
little not smooth at those I think
that's just black lines in the top
bottom of the game never mind the game
is fine because the we have we have just
black bars in the game yeah sorry part
of I can see part of the overlays going
into that black that's not yeah yeah
then that's no no it's not part of the
overlay part of the games heads-up
display
okay there we go alright where where
were we I had a little friend who I was
gonna try to hug but I think he ran away
look at that that is terrifying
that is absolutely terrifying
okay Raj is trying to get at you doesn't
it already have food in its own plate
and they don't yell out to each other
for some reason you're fucked you're
fucked you're fucked fucked Oh
nice maneuver jab maneuver I am
impressed
shit don't be too impressed yeah I
thought he was amazing so I thought he
was stuck over there now so I wanted to
explore the area a little bit more
because I thought I had a friend over
here who I could hug you know what that
was Jack oh that was briefly competent
so it was Justice League oh yeah that
was peak Jack yeah what system is this
came on this is uh I'm playing it on PC
I got enough of G everywhere Gog and
steam are both having autumn sales right
now yeah and so I got this on GOG it's
ten bucks on GOG right now which is
fairly great it might be available other
places I don't really know yeah that's
the other thing is
he didn't cut up enough and the thing
you did it though oh no you didn't I
mother got there it I don't get him
caught up more I need him I think I just
got to wait longer to jump over them
there you go okay
what is the worst big blockbuster movie
you have seen Attack of the Clones
hands down attack of the clones attack
of the clones is is worthless yeah yeah
oh yeah sorry you know what for a second
there I forgot what attack of the clones
was I'm not gonna lie yes attack of the
clones is worthless of course it is I
was I'm gonna do something clever like
he saw himself in the mirror and that
scared him but took a minute there it
did yeah it's a clones is obviously a
terrible movie
besides attack of the clones just for
shits and giggles yeah the worst
blockbuster I've ever seen in the
theaters just odd they didn't stipulate
that I almost walked out of attack of
the clones in the theaters I didn't for
social reasons right for anybody who
doesn't know the story I I had a friend
who had got me in for free
mmm-hmm and they were you know they were
there I could have walked out during the
movie and it would've been the fucking
rudest thing right so I couldn't do it I
desperately wanted to leave
desperately
I spent most of that movie waiting for
it to end right all right so what other
ones do you think enough you know I hate
to hate to beat a dead horse here but
Batman versus Superman I like I went
with some friends who were going to see
and you know I'm not gonna lie
got a little hammered beforehand and it
was one of the most miserable
experiences I've had just trying to
figure out what was going on with that
movie so now they're asking if I saw
Revenge of the Sith in the theater and
here's the legit story the legit story I
was almost literally dragged kicking and
screaming okay like Jay and Mike just
came over to my place
and they kept insisting and it was like
an argument I did not want to go
[Music]
so I would have been I would have been
perfectly happy never having seen
Revenge of the Sith that's the third one
right I'm glad I did because laughing at
that no scene it's totally worth it I
didn't see that until it came out on DVD
I this is a story I've told many times
before but I saw Attack of the Clones
no The Phantom Menace at midnight yeah
like I was there at midnight dressed up
not a Star Wars characters just dressed
up as other things mmm
I was really excited to see it I was I
was super pumped and I came out of the
Phantom Menace he's gone when it was the
first one it was the first one maybe I
knew maybe they'll get it together
I your your that was your foundation and
your foundation was horrible like a
house and I knew what was coming next it
wasn't gonna be bad
well you know I still had hope I still
had open so you know then I I eventually
saw attack of the clones and yeah yep
this is that was it was just the worst
and so I did not see Revenge of the Sith
until it came out to DVD yeah and and I
just remember like a glaze coming over
my eye just going this is not worth it
this isn't worth my time I Darth Vader
broke out in the know and I started
laughing
I I was in a crowd of theater I tried to
stifle it and I could not stop laughing
I ended up laughing through the entire
end scene where Yoda is talking to
obi-wan bad spirit walks and I am still
at that point up until the end credits I
am still laughing about Darth Vader's no
of course because it's ridiculous it was
one of the epic rich Evans laughs and it
was at a crowded theater at an entirely
inappropriate moment I disagree I
disagree that's incredibly appropriate
for for that line of dialogue
[Music]
where is Padme I had a time machine
that's what I'd use it for if someone
sang like they wouldn't use it to hear
yeah yeah that's fair shit to have to
have this guy chase me all over again
dang it
I just wanted to break the thing oh the
whole theater laugh when you saw it
that's great I think I was the only one
I'm hacking Jay might have laughs but
that was probably only because I was
laughing and could not stop right Jesus
Christ oh Jesus Christ
oh my god yeah I know
move move move move move me a little
stupid legs kind of neat it is no it's
it's neat and it's horrifying and it's
doing all the things Oh No
Oh No jump and jump it's gonna go get me
a little ticket credit credit would do
this is pretty tense yeah you did it now
you're hungry it's for normal kids been
in the chat this is Corey Feldman's
acting career right here that's a good
joke it's a good joke that's a good joke
[Laughter]
it's fine joke I'm fine joke
I think the the theme of the game is
gluttony all right no you eat it you we
didn't friend or do I have to eat it I
want my friend eat it I think you have
to eat it I don't wanna
like is that is that what the the the
theme is supposed to be here is gluttony
I don't know oh no I knew that was gonna
happen goddamnit game didn't give me a
choice I didn't wanna do that I wanted
to hug him I wanted to hug him
you stupid game this may be but the same
guy she did inside that was my first
thought
it's very inside or whichever came out
first it's probably inside
you're the same as the monsters do you
get it do you get it yeah right now yeah
yeah I get it
and it would have been great if that
would have been at like a choice for me
you know like what if eating your
friends like made you move a little fast
or did a little something instead I
could not progress until I ate my friend
and that's bull hockey that's where we
that's where you get pretentious shit
hunchback jack says hey Jack and rich I
after watching you play super flight
last stream super flight I bought and
played it with my son and his girlfriend
over Thanksgiving weekend oh nice we had
a really fun time all thanks to you hey
you're welcome you're welcome what a
nice little game I was playing a little
bit of that this afternoon yeah just
half flying around having a good time
flying around worth it for the two bucks
oh my god incredibly worth it
that you creepy lady no I wanted so
badly to get twitch Prime up and running
again just so I could subscribe just to
tell rich and Jack how wrong they are
about Bill and Ted - oh oh please tell
us how wrong our opinions on Bill and
Ted - are on it being good misty misty
87 well we said we liked it and if we're
wrong obviously that means it's terrible
well but not only we said we liked it we
also said it was better than excellent
adventuresome maybe they're just saying
like I think excellent adventure is
better what you know again you know your
opinion but no we disagree no I'll take
I'll take go I'm Ted - I'll take bogus
journey yeah I guess you know I'll take
the weird robots thing I'll take death
I'll take them going to hell of course
I'll take them mugging people in heaven
yes I forgot about that
trick question time rich or or or
hopefully hopefully good question time
yeah
does Bill and Ted to have the same
impact without villains heads one do you
need one in order for two to be so great
you might need to rewrite - but no I I
will I will argue that they work while I
agree with you that I like to better
yeah I think they work best as a duo as
the sequel that it is like you need the
foundation of their characters the grand
adventure they went on to understand it
going even further in number two I'm not
going to say you're wrong but I need to
dwell on that thought check dwell on it
man you dwell do all the dwelling do all
the dwell in do-wop do-wop do-wop
no bill and ted - since Tiberius Kirk is
awful and doesn't need one at all
because the characters are so generic
that they seem to have learned nothing
from the first yeah
the characters are idiots that's the
joke now to be fair to Rich's incredibly
correct statement it sometimes it can be
hard when when a character is an idiot
it can be hard to latch onto that
character because they're an idiot well
this is also a comedy right and so I'm
going to be okay with my character being
a huge idiot it always bothered me how
rude Scarface is
I don't remember that much about the
first one second what a lot of things
stick out to me sure not not so much
with the first one I remember them
running around the mall with everyone at
the end yeah that's mostly what I've
just accepted to me I don't remember
that many bits from the first Bill and
Ted movie
oh I just kind of wanted to see what her
creepy power was right that's it yeah
what are some of the time-travel bits I
mean them going into the future is is
super iconic you know the that's part of
it
oh you know what is a great bit in the
first movie them escaping from jail and
realizing their time-travel powers oh
yeah oh yeah I didn't wear that that was
fun that was super fun wait a minute we
have the power to travel in time so what
if we get out of here and in the future
I blew that yeah like that was super me
yeah
okay okay we need a key now we need a
key now where we got a key where we got
a key
so how much more of this game is left
I have no idea someone think this is the
last boss I don't want it was like this
is the end of the game or is this just
like an early encounter with the end
boss this is the last level someone
saying all right so that's the plan we
finished the game no blob monster well
not yet
some saying you missed the key I noticed
that I missed the key but also she's
gone and that disturbs me more I also
didn't see the key I guess this might
thing was the key in the vase yes okay
the key was in the vase
it's wrong to eat thanks jack
I don't think that's the message the
message is just you know don't overdo it
is maybe maybe it's about the selfish
nature of man you ate the little thing
that wasn't overdoing it you're
obviously starving yeah I guess we're
all ma I don't knit listen I don't
understand I understood the point of the
game until I ate my friend and then and
then I missed it
this game has a Janus philosophy
I went janus janus yeah what is that
super into not harming other life sure
okay
okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like
you don't you don't wash your hands cuz
it might hurt a microbe is that a real
thing ya know I might be pronouncing it
wrong Joey Belladonna all the mirrors
are broken thinking right and the
imagery of the game is very good it's
very compelling it's very creepy
messaging is a little muddled and that's
okay
oh yes it's obvious that the game was
clearly Pro vegan that people eating
meat was a fat need me just why the fat
I think it might just be general
gluttony but I suppose it what is
totally written by a vegan it was all
meat like there was no like cakes if it
was just gluttony yeah there probably
some cakes or some shit jump you dick
look if I've only seen something in
print and I'm not gonna get upset for
pronouncing it wrong all right well how
do you pronounce it correctly has
somebody had a phonetic spelling and I'd
scrolled up and I gotta find it I'm just
gonna keep calling him Janus because why
the fuck not
Jean nice Johnny maybe Jane arist Jane
Austen looking around for what to do I'm
gonna find out what I'm supposed to do
maybe climb this thing nope
what's over here nothing much I'm
definitely supposed to go to the big
eyeball thing that's directly in the
center of the room there's also two
expansions for this game with an author
coming in January oh that's nice
well I doors were a big thing at the
beginning of this game yeah I like like
out like my eyes are the window to the
logo now they've all but disappeared
unless it comes in big time at the end
right the eyes rich eyes are important
[Music]
yeah what I supposed to do here
yeah cut the omit what am I missing
what am I missing rich I don't know I
think you need to buy the
microtransaction for the key box you buy
the box and it has a 25% chance of
randomly spawning a key oh nice nice I
think you can break the wall break the
wall that would be silly that would be
silly so I'm inclined to believe you but
I don't have anything to throw usually
when you can break it when you breaks up
for compress buttons you have stuff you
that you can throw oh excuse me
and currently oh wait can I grab that
okay I have a thing I can grab I can
grab a thing I'll come over here and
throw it at the wall
you guys ever play battlefront - why why
why why why why why why would you want
us to why would we want to there are
many questions we have we even though I
have some love for the old ones the the
ps2 ones we played the first battlefront
and oh here it is okay so that I had
nothing to do with it for the time being
bTW
oh I have a mirror rich I think I have
something I got I got a thing okay I get
it
Chet what what makes you think I would
even want to play the original
Battlefront - yeah you probably might
might visit my intense love of
multiplayer shooters and Star Wars I
think it's your love of playing shooters
with a controller there's probably a PC
version right oh by the way
chat is there a PC version of the
original battlefront - that's the
question rich why do you pretend to not
like Star Wars because I'm not
protecting I'm sorry but rich they
really want you to last others I know
they do like the original movies and
pyres one of the best movies ever made
period as a franchise so they can even
mirror her we can mirror her gotta get
in the light and mirror her what do you
think is it gonna be 3 or is it gonna be
more usually 3 subverting expectations
man
ya gotta subvert expectations all video
games have threes man oh we're gonna do
five is what I'm gonna guess seven first
it's just gonna go on for way too long I
like that the foregrounds boogie scare
this is the ending of Maxima vs no wait
just the first Maximo game this is the
ending of the Maximo goes to glory oh
yeah yeah it's holding a mirror to the
bad guy
well the darkness and you see them in
the background there's no mirror but
they pop out and you have to hit them
when they pop out of the darkness that
was five we just did five six oh and
they're broke six six six six six
oh it's meets the murder I get it I get
it again and now we're gonna go up to
her and we're gonna save mother oh no
we're gonna eat her look we're hungry
we're gonna eat her now
right fucking but first we're gonna say
mother and then we're gonna eat her and
it's gonna be a metaphor for growing up
I'll be impressed if you called that
mother
mother
come on
huh
oh we're not done yet
we're not done yet here it is rich the
big visual metaphor of the game blob
monster it's the big metaphor it's
called coming together this is the art
oh oh I can move I can move it's me
moving what's gonna happen
this looks great this is a really good
angle
I didn't press any button he just didn't
I am walking forward can I jump no I
could only walk at this point
so I think I'm just supposed to
dramatically walk forward so I'm gonna
do that killing all the fat you need
eaters how do you like it
it's murder I'm really not quite sure
what the point of this is I'm not either
I'm just weird yeah it's in it as weird
and it's you know it's very it's very
like pulpy very stranger things II but
I'm looking for the message I'm looking
for the message is that the definition
of pretentious well like there is no
message maybe I don't know but it's okay
to find meaning and that doesn't
necessarily have meeting but I think
pretentious is like insisting on it's me
like there's nothing wrong with just oh
this this is how this makes me feel
but insisting something has meaning
saying Jack wants story suddenly not
story metaphor I love metaphor these
visual metaphors are my thing anything
this all we're getting oh oh my friends
I think these are the ones that I hugged
so I'm sure if you find them all and hug
them all they come out so these are the
ones I hug come on out friends do I have
to do anything no and I just want to
read the Wikipedia page just so I know
what the fuck happened yeah well I'm a
little sad I'm a little upset that we
didn't say mother I was really hoping
for a mother and there was no us
becoming the monster really well that
that uh the final chase with all the big
people was pretty exciting it was no
giant blob monster I've seen other
endings for this weird yeah I think if
you if you like smash all the things you
get another ending if you light all of
the lanterns if you save all of if you
are hug all of the mushroom people I bet
there are different endings sure
light oh yeah I know the the light at
the end of the tunnel that was that's
yeah yeah
it's fine
why did we need to start heating people
we didn't need any oh well we ate our
friend yeah why why did we need to eat
our friend that was a good like I really
thought that was going to be part of the
meaning what was the point of killing
everyone at the end
why what was the Madam's purpose there
were they I don't have a lot of good
visuals not not necessarily a good idea
ideas it's an allegory for ascending
fear through cannibalism
says big on 7h yeah literally just small
child in scary world gets India Awards
yeah yeah it kind of feels that way I
did like a lot of the imagery so that's
good but yeah it seems a lot like art is
happening yeah yeah James
Roboto says watched your review on Mario
Odyssey ended up feeling pretty much the
same way I would recommend a hat in time
as a 3d platformer that isn't afraid to
give you things to do hmm
we've I've heard of had it in time and
you know I don't know maybe we got to
think of something to do next I not many
games coming out right now yeah not I
knew that you know our episode worthy no
it's fine we need to set anyway I am
Chester says rich any Raspberry Pi
updates any plans to show on/off on
stream it's actually it's done
I guess I could bring it in I mean you'd
really just send up seeing the case for
it which I think I did show off okay but
yeah legally I don't think I could play
it on stream you could show you could
show it like your user interface yeah I
could probably do but you know it's neat
is neat all right
glad somebody sent me that case I feel
terrible for forgetting who sent that I
feel terrible but Sanitas look case by
the way for the person who said that jet
yes this is a lot of people for an indie
game there's a whole lot of people who
worked on an indie game
rich should play Mass Effect in Toronto
why do you people hate me why great
question why do you people hate me
great question Richard why indeed we all
want to see riches user-interface I get
in it did look beautiful this game
looked beautiful because you hate us
only some of you like that one dumbass
who thought an open world spider-man
game would be a novel idea
here's an idea I'm gonna see if I can
find me a copy of spider-man - I know
you like certain aspects of the Mass
Effect games I think if you try - judges
don't know it's too late that ship has
sailed
the universe now fills me with hate if
it takes place in that universe I will
be filled with hate I have totally 100%
soured on anything Mass Effect related
mm-hmm I'm okay with that rich I'm
absolutely okay with that much much like
that I feel the same way with Doctor Who
you know we got a new doctor but I like
it's gonna be really hard going back to
Doctor Who right like they they made so
many shitty episodes were like I just
now feel soured on the whole thing and
so it's gonna take a whole clean slate
when a new showrunner we need a new
doctor we need new everything and then
maybe I can come back like if if the
Mass Effect team made a new game maybe a
space game but didn't call it Mass
Effect oh yeah maybe we can get into
that different world right so
I wouldn't trust that team anymore oh
never you know what - yeah Touche does
that mean rich thinks the original Mass
Effect trilogy has no replay value well
the third one is just trashed to begin
with uh-huh
but no I tried replaying the games
afterwards and it just did not work it
just felt like going to a funeral
I knew where that train was ending and I
didn't like it there you go
the series is the whole the whole series
retro actively ruined for me we're done
I'm not playing a drama to deal
[Music]
I I went to college I hear you about the
static sprites it's not they're not
necessarily interesting to look at but
sometimes we don't necessarily have
appropriate gameplay footage to play I
went to college was talking about not
liking the sprites during the quick
episodes because they're not necessarily
interesting to look at while we're
talking about stuff but a lot of times
it's like the setup for a joke and we
don't have appropriate gameplay footage
to go over that segment and so this is
what you got it's either that or look at
gameplay footage that isn't that doesn't
have anything to do with what we're
saying and so then that'll just confuse
more people so you know like we were we
were talking about with the thumbs up
bit during the hand of fate 2 episode we
couldn't have gameplay footage over that
we needed the thumbs up that was a whole
bit that was a whole clip part bit not
$15 $10 to buy a a nice stock image from
Adobe stuff and I did buy the stock
image ironically I had to buy the stock
image to get the clean version so then I
could use the preview later when you
told me not to buy the clean version so
we ended up paying for anyway okay just
for the job I thought so I I didn't play
this Jack played this yeah this game did
not look like my bag No
so what do you say how do you feel
overwhelmingly underwhelmed okay is how
I feel I mean artistically I will give
it credit for being me but absolutely
whoever whoever did the concept art for
this game top notch
oh wait is something happening are you
in control
oh I don't know no maybe I'll wait I can
hit a four back but do I want yeah oh
wait wait I can move the camera a little
bit
oh this I'm moving it a little to the
right and a little to the left I can do
something
let's see what happens if I head back
you're gonna replay the game I don't
want to maybe you'll replay the game
with your eye powers I've been the
nope nope chapter selection yeah resume
game what happens if you hit resume game
it's just that lighthouse you can't do
anything else just the lighthouse I'd
actually really liked that I would
really like that
Jackie were talking over it it doesn't
matter there was nothing to the gameplay
it was interesting to look at but there
was just nothing to the gameplay oh if
he hit resume I think it just starts
over yeah I was but assumed oh I was
kind of hoping that I would just take
him back to that lighthouse that'd be
really fun
Oh
there's not the worst thing I've ever
seen no no it's I mean as far as I'm
concerned I I got a little hopeful
because of inside and because of the
insanity of inside oh you knew that
what's gonna happen again
you had to know I'm you had to know I
knew we weren't going to get a blob
monster but I was hoping for something
fun and weird and artistic at the end
just something tense moments then
chasing we got the one chasing that was
pretty good that's pretty good it's like
every like game of the year that was
some entertainment value in there it's
not what I'm usually looking for out of
my games I'm gonna I'm gonna give it a
pretty solid man
but to solid man you know it had some
neat moments good arts but gameplay wise
kind of may the farce awaken says
regardless of the ending its purged some
discussion and made for a good stream by
the way bro good work in the recent
review no bridge to a speedrun again for
a new game the mario odyssey stream was
tits tits it wasn't really a speedrun
you blew that it was six hours you blew
it away look I'm very low on the
leaderboards yeah but you're on there
rich yeah you're on there five hours not
bad yeah ten dollars seems like less
than a sales price more like a full
price yeah I think I would have been
more upset if I got this for more than
ten dollars but we didn't we got it for
ten so alright not bad if you're into
the creepy atmosphere and you know maybe
maybe you can get some more hours of it
going through and trying to get all of
the little dudes and lighting all the
candles and doing all that stuff that
maybe you get a little more out of it so
yeah so I tried to play Ori and the
blind forest ones I just wasn't super
into it yeah
yeah yeah yeah what would you call that
a not slow run yeah I'd call it a not
slow run I called it a not fucking
around Ren Maya Mario Odyssey run I
wasn't doing optimal insane speedrunning
strategy you skip this skip that yeah
but I wasn't dicking around too much if
these are the stars I need I was moving
on if you get a star while also spinning
and throwing your hat it gives you a
star glitch to give you infinity
stars at this point of the game right
right it was a test you wanted to test
to see if you just got the minimum
amount of stars how fast you get through
the game yeah yeah and if that made it
for a more enjoy it made it a better
paced experience right for me yeah yeah
yeah and we we recorded more the episode
after that stream so make sure you have
thoughts in there yeah so oh I like that
it was more of a speed walk yeah yeah
yeah that's fair assessment it's still
fairly leisurely but brisk leisurely you
know that was a speed walk I like that
alright yeah we're good I think we're
good I think we're good let's take some
time now and thank all of the people who
have subscribed to us during this very
stream much like scorn 12:10 who says
hey guys loved your review you are real
movie pundits
keep the hack dream alive you frauds
yeah Oh someone's in trouble
[Music]
the just meme yeah
this time it's lupus for 25 fucking
months in a row this time it's lupus
says time may hold on let me read that
first Yeah right
this time Luther says Time magazine
called to say that I was probably going
to be named best prereq twitch
subscriber of the year but I would have
to agree to do an interview and a photo
shoot and I said it probably isn't good
enough so thanks anyway tyreq the
ancient for twenty three fucking months
in a rope system the next subscriber
it's got fired a 42 who is subscribe for
us very fast fucking mice in a room and
got far so fourth or fifth that's the
query of your kind I'm kind of losing it
all about bass fine it's fine
I have well too much tongue and carnal
feeis f feminine for twenty two fucking
months in a row hero gin six burn 15
months in a row
Johnny nihilist quality pixel says a
mullet power I don't know why I don't
know the way it was it was your it was
your your your read of pollutant just a
little signature flip it out Theodore J
hooker for 39 motherfucking months in a
row sister whoo happy belated turkey day
happy belated turkey day indeed I was
how was your turkey day we talked about
a little bit we you know we were at
Universal so we didn't really have
today I am but but afterwards my cousin
who lives out now I invited us over for
dessert and games and my aunt and uncle
were in town he just had a new baby guy
and I got to see some friends who I
haven't seen in a very long time it was
not a big deal it was a small affair
yeah just a just some food no take a
look at my TV it's not working right hey
food can wait rich my VCR keeps flashing
12 you know what it doesn't that kind of
get you a little bit we're like call
someone I can't do this you know but
like there there is even when you fix
something really simply by like
unplugging it and plugging it back in
you still like I did that no I just wish
they'd get it after a while
years and years ago I got called over
there once named I had to hit the input
button on the remote you drive down to
Chicago well I'm still living okay like
I had to drive over to the house though
so I go over pick up the remote and hit
the input button that's the thing that
happened yep oh I've had to do that I've
had to do that many times with my
relatives and their computers you know
like you try to do it over the phone and
just like describe this screen to me
every detail what do you see well I see
a folder what does the folder say it
says folder damn it
and you know sometimes it is it's just
easier to go over to hit the input
button yourself alright so where do we
live out here that's a great question
how about epitaxy says I don't have
anything witty to say I'm so sorry it's
alright
okkie b85 441 motherfucking months in a
row so dang hey wreckers thanks again
for a month of great streams woo SAR
takus who has joined the one year club
who's has one year of you hack frogs it
was well worth it
Zeno trove for 40 motherfucking months a
neurosis we started calling the movie
mustache league and stem if you want I
just want more footage I want I want
onion I want that blu-ray with with the
unused Zack Snyder footage and then
someone to start basing it together if
they want to make a bunch of money back
on this movie that's their that's their
blu-ray special yup the mustache edition
yep
no it has three cuts it has the mustache
cut without the digital removal of the
mustache and it has the Zack Snyder cut
and this they'll sell for $100 a pop and
it will go like hotcakes yeah hotcakes
yeah I'm telling you
double-oh-seven rules
who says thanks rich and Jack you guys
are better than prime time TV it's very
true yeah that's very true I hope so TV
is on the run man streaming sticking
over but primetime sucks so we're
definitely better than that yeah yeah
that's nice nothing clever to say but
here's some free Amazon money thank you
well take it V G 64 for 19 months in a
row who do mamma gonza nice emblematic
pop who says Baba Booey Baba Booey Baba
Booey Baba Booey I never understood that
that's not Howard Stern thing yeah I
don't understand III don't this is
probably some kind of in joke that we
just don't get because we don't
regularly listen to Howard Stern yeah so
it's probably a
of wonderfully logical origin to it sure
comb just suprem Wow
Lando was taken for 38 motherfucking
months in a row who says rubber baby
buggy bumpers all right rubber baby
buggy bumpers babysitting service that's
a classic reference to the Simpsons
rubber baby buggy baby business don't
remember that the babysitter episode my
god do you remember the the babysitter I
just watch this
that's like first season the babysit
abandoned yeah
first season first fucking season no I
don't remember that so so here's the
thing at Universal Studios they have a
Simpsons world they have Moe's Tavern
yeah I drank a Duff Beer it was pretty
excited like it's it's one of the two
places in the world that you can get an
official Duff Beer and my kids for the
very first time solve the Simpsons wait
wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait
wait
yeah how old are they nine and six all
right that seems weird for the very
first time but I guess nine and six
oh there's other shit to watch six I
understand there's other shit to watch
and so we're we're eating lunch at Moe's
because it's a burger joint
yeah and they have just like clips of
The Simpsons playing on the TV and they
didn't want to leave they didn't care
about the rides or the park anymore they
just wanted to watch The Simpsons look
this is the greatest show ever and I
said yes yes it is
and because we do like the PlayStation
View we get like FX now which has every
episode of The Simpsons ever streaming
yeah and so we get back to the place we
were staying and just watched a couple
symptoms like we have to watch this
every day and so we just watched the
babysitter bandit episode rubber baby
buggy bumpers babysitting service my
Simpsons reference I don't other people
use it's always get on the trolley now
you're on now you're on the trolley oh
you're on sorry
that's from Simpsons
the the kearney episode the carny I'm
talking old-timey speech old-timey slang
all right
furro Knights Jesta Arkadiy I think sure
Arkadiy rich reads Stardust for thirty
four fucking months in a row Elizabeth
says why did the Scarecrow win an award
because he was outstanding in his field
I like that
that's a fine joke Ozzie Baxter says
eight months of prereq hotness keep it
up guys super hot super hot super hot
wood lands one says remember when comics
were fun I could see the writers room
meetings for the dcmu Superman is such a
pussy how can we make him cool I know he
should have no personality and he should
murder people yeah but he totally fucks
Lois Lane
so he's got that going for him
Chernobyl kinsmen 431 fucking months in
a row who says only twenty nine more
months and I'll have been subbed than I
was married oh yay I'm sorry channel can
happen half have more than half at this
point hab 78 the violent Sweden try to
cheat on him and stream for other
viewers he's gonna catch us he's gonna
be screaming for other viewers not again
sorry to know who kinsmen that might
have hit a little too close Tom I were
Chucky's chunky baloney yeah bull dammit
chunky baloney do we read the violence
wait I did eat it okay William time Mel
the great mad Slav says yeah boyee I am
a robot zero one zero one zero one says
do you like Star Trek then boy do I have
the game for you star control to explore
the galaxy is captain of your own
starship meet interesting aliens solve
tricky diplomatic situations fight
monsters villains and give us funny
voices in the process we'll see we'll
see I make no promises of anything maybe
every every every every stream there's
like eight thousand games thrown our way
let's replay this carefully that I don't
know man
I don't know man yep s F parliament
ludum for 12 months in a row casual
horse for twenty four fucking months in
a row casual horse RWC P gaming user
nine nine nine nine zero switch Punk hey
Joey
listen missed missed on together
rev rip zombie alright
p'nay zero 1980s mr. Glenn says it's not
everyday you get to watch pop and fresh
snap the Morton Salt girls neck over and
over
thanks Internet what the game they're
the big fat shifts the pop'n'fresh was
like poppin fresh a little little
character yellow like the Morton oh I
get it I get it I got a much quicker
than you got it how is that different
than any other stream liest
Christel bear Roberto says hey guys
Sonia's making their spider-man
spin-offs with venom black cat Morbius
and there are and there are any other
spider-man villains or side characters
who could hold their own in a film game
get your spider-man shit together all
these projects will fall apart how long
have they been saying they're gonna make
a venom movie and your breath that'll be
fine I agree gibbous moon for twenty
seven fucking months in a row Erika the
Birdman like we'll see how many of these
DC spin-off films that they announce
they're gonna they're gonna mysterious
they are just steamrolling through this
universe that no one likes so those will
probably all get made well it's like no
well we know we're gonna get Aquaman
because it's shooting already well we
know we're gonna get Wonder Woman too
because people liked the first one but I
bet that flash movies gonna disappear
real quick and I don't know maybe Shazam
won't happen maybe well we don't know
they're not black Adam they're doing
black Adam first look if history has
proven anything about the DC Cinematic
Universe is that they don't care they're
just gonna keep ramming their head into
the wall no matter how many concussions
they get until they break through until
until the general viewing audience just
starts watching them because they're
afraid they're gonna hurt themselves
guys if we don't buy tickets to these
movies one of these executives is gonna
throw himself out of window and I don't
want to be responsible for that athletes
and Warner Brothers film executives man
concussion syndrome hey good Eric the
bird man you're hurtin for 20 fucking
months in a rose
I want that juicy Shack made rubber
Chuck neon oh I am Chester who says I
plead the fifth dream sign for 21
fucking months in a row helper roni
gents revolta a web gents yeah yeah
gents Roberto says keep up the good work
skies no good work guys they didn't
PluralEyes that word for good work I did
in an accident and grambo this is plop