Episode 907
Witchy Woman
December 4, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SUrI2Wg-ZHc
___________________________________________

but it's not out yet okay is everybody
ready for the arty-farty game we're
about to play here comes super
arty-farty
go not yet there we go
like starter got a big splash screen no
but that would have a nice they've
already read like parts of this they
know where it is yeah but without any of
the effect of saying a big boom there it
is yeah it is what it is it is what it
is nothing there's not really like a
whole lot we can do about that but you
know yeah I see you that would have a
nice show this it's not an already party
game at all but it kind of is it's the
witcher 3 and we need to go here and we
need to go here i have not played this
since the last time we streamed it by
the way so this should be right about
where we left off alright morgue mirror
says hi rich hi jack i'm playing x come
to war of the chosen and oh my god the
alien squad member preto mocks is giving
me an aneurysm yes
thanks very much for the weekly streams
live long and prosper
I know
I wish I wish everyone in that game
would you shut up from the expansion and
have we talked about this is their way
just a mute to them I think there is oh
yeah
are we gonna go find Tristan
let's say hey guys let's go see if we
can find Tris how about that
that'll give everyone a kick gameplay
wise for for the record I like were the
chosen lor wise there they're shitting
all over the franchise the aliens never
should have given them a voice and it
should not have been the whole game boys
they gave them that well you know they
should have stuck with a creepy enemy
unknown their alien stuck with that yeah
Lenin and then they went full fanservice
and gave everyone the Star Trek next gen
that was full b-movie yeah
does the rich Evans voice pack have like
a specific rich Evans voice just for the
alien fact what do they call it imma
forget what the fuck they called a
faction um god I'm an old man but just
the wharf guys they needed me voicing
just the wharf guys were all the
dialogues on door oh no fight for honor
honor is the fight to which we fight Oh
Tris is in the game what it wanna what
apparently one of my quests is to go
visit Tris okay so we're gonna make that
our main quest and we are gonna go visit
Tris now where is she
please stop rush please stop what and
why also no commander I am honorbound to
follow your daughter over there and take
cover because honor is the honour of my
honor honor
I am an alien man that have alien ways
that are different from your own ways
isn't it interesting how our ways are
different even though we grew up in very
different places you know human oh yeah
they get a throw in a few humans and no
human we must reflect on our differences
but also what makes us similar what is
it was it about aliens they speak
perfect English so perfect English but
they can't handle the word human human
yo mom yes it is night yes yes it is
nice to greet our neighbors from beyond
the stars come let us sit down and and
have a nice dinner human right they just
use one word well let me tell you my old
chap on my planet zzb we we also eat
roast pig I live in a house with my wife
and here is my lovely daughter Emily now
can I get you a beverage
perhaps some way Tower or coffee or tea
II is having a lovely ball we're having
I especially liked the date car over
there see that's baroque Oh myyou you
sure have a nice sense of decoration
right
it's my favorite it's my favorite
science fiction trope yeah humans it's a
good one it's a good one
mostly because of how ridiculous it is
shit together
not so fast relish
dump broach no you're not gonna jump let
me get down then idiot nonnamous Oh
spider-man in the flash move faster
things are on them appear to be frozen
still so time is relative to speed and
we can't see subatomic size or infinity
so it was all of space and time an
illusion yes yes because that's
superhero movie you saw that's exactly
what that means
uh-huh I like when the Spider Man
punches a guy you know what not to bring
it all the way back to comic books but I
saw a lot of people hatin on the Spidey
outfit kind of kind of look cool
oh no it's terrible I hope I mean I
don't I'm not saying I want that to be
his everyday I certainly don't but I
like that as his super guy outfit well
you know what's gonna get fucked off
home oh sherry I'll put it on Oh get
fucked up and then I'll go back to come
on Roch dingus come on you didn't notice
the spider sense though oh yeah that's
great
fucking dragon over there nice nice way
to represent that is there the hair
stand the hair standing up yeah
is it dragon over there guys heads up
fucking Roach I love you horse but you
got some issues
true blue review says after the recent
Steam sale yep I realized I have over
500 games bought over the last 10 years
shit dog do I have a problem yes also
until I can play this myself I won't
watch a stream of it have a nice night
alright good night sorry about that
I suppose you know you don't want you
don't want like a fun story bit to be
spoils for it but I'm a good son
reasonable considering you can get
things for like a buck or two in steam
sales 500 over 10 years
Oh over 10 years and you're sure it's
not so bad no that's not so bad
you know it's it's one of those things
though where waste not want not
how many how many games do you get on
Steam sale that go to waste the you you
buy it you buy a game you say oh maybe
one day I'll get to this and then you
never early didn't have her do it's
cheap so you don't really care it's a
it's a fine problem to have oh it's a
fine problems a hound but it almost D
values the entire medium because they're
so accessible yeah someone in the chats
asking which came first in the comics
the web shooters or webs coming out of
Peter Parker's race it's really really
weird question to me because that weird
organic coming from the wrist thing did
not happen until 2001 with the Sam Raimi
movie I was trying to think of a moment
where that ever happened in the comics
and I beside they did because of the
movies for a briefly no yep yep and then
it kind of got forgotten about in retcon
well like when he when he turned into
man spider I think he could redo that
right then no they did some kind of man
spider mutations angry mutated right and
then for a while he actually had
actually coming out of his wrist yeah
they did that oh that's the worst
hey I think they undid it at some point
I forgot how or if they just ignored it
I'm getting pretty close here Oh
spider-man 2099 yes that Peter Parker
though that was the first time it ever
happened that was in the 90s I was like
94 93 maybe that's spider-man Spidey
2099 yeah you got organic webbing but oh
that's a different beast still that was
like 30 or more years after the
character was created so web-shooters
came first dress Triss now that I know
you're real I'm here for you
damnit I like get to her don't want to
be that guy but it was in the James
Cameron script yeah I know but that was
a treatment that didn't see the public
eye until decades after the fact so it
doesn't really count it was still the
Sam Raimi movie it's still the Sam Raimi
movie where that was first publicly seen
what oh I felt like eight feet and I
died I'm sorry fuck you
I'm sorry there's nothing I can do oh I
should probably turn it down to I I
turned it up the game and I should
probably turn it down now excuse you
right around there all right there st.
Jack I really want to see Tris Tris is
near the marketplace I had a guys I had
a markered I had a marker telling me
exactly where Tris was and I was trying
to get to her but I couldn't find the
door to get me there and then I fell off
of thing and you saw and I died and now
I'm Way back here which is upsetting to
me because now I'm way the fuck over
here and I got to go through all that
again
so Chevy Chase would have been a
terrible spider-man you know what water
is wet what a weird thing to say was
Chevy Chase ever going to be spider-man
Roseanne Barr would have been a horrible
spider-man these things are equally as
obvious right I mean was Chevie chase
ever in the running to be spider-man
possibly at some point
give me a roach what were you doing
hanging out with that dragon
yeah ain't no one just a dragon over
there I'm not gonna fight the dragon I'm
not ready to fight the dragon i what a
bull Marie spider-man
Bill Murray would also not make a good
good spider-man would it be an
interesting take on the character at the
very least Bill Murray in a major
superhero movie just improperly cast
yeah here's here's what I could see no
you know he wasn't running for Batman
okay I want to say he was like Batman 89
I think Bill Murray was one of the
candidates
Bill Murray could do an interesting take
on someone like what was his name
Sebastian Shaw okay do you remember him
not especially the guy who the guy who
got all of spider-man's powers but used
them for a life of crime I don't
remember this he had all the same powers
as spider-man he had the spider Sansa
could climb walls super-strength and all
that but he just used it to be the
world's best criminal and no one ever
caught him because of all of his powers
right I want to say his name was
Sebastian shop and then at the end of
his life he realized that his his life
of crime like he had he had one issue
where he talked to Peter he's like a kid
you got it all wrong I'm rich I'm rich
cuz I used my power for a richness but
then at the end of his life he had to
like sacrifice himself to the spider God
or something oh wait did I see cool guys
Ezekiel that's what it was yeah it
wasn't really a criminal I thought yeah
he was a cat burglar
no had like a business I thought he was
a super burglar no Zeek what was his
name
musa and who's sebastian shaw isn't that
one of the x-men villains
and I'm the Bill Murray Batman yeah
I'm remembering more about this now this
is before 89 Batman back when the public
still thought of Batman as Adam West and
I was going to be a deliberately campy
or take oh sure they almost actually did
that with Bill Murray doing it can't be
version of a popular superhero okay I
probably okay with that then who was the
guy who was the guy that had got all the
same powers of spider-man but he was a
bad guy and it was it was a it was a
cautionary tale for Peter Parker because
at the end of his life it turned out
that you your half remembering this with
something else because my heel did give
his life there was a spider got involved
but I think he was never a criminal he
wasn't noble right and that's why he had
to sacrifice himself to the spider guy
but I don't think he was a criminal he
was a bad guy no wasn't he a slightly
selfish douche maybe but not a villain I
thought he was a bait I thought he was a
bad guy and you know the lesson was be
good which obviously is a great lesson
fucking bandits everywhere
that was when JMS was writing there's a
big first storyline he did well more
London the vampire guy was trying to eat
spider-man yeah
Ezekiel knew about it he was actually
trying to save Peter Parker yeah I don't
know why I'm doing this either guys I'm
just I'm just kind of farting around at
the moment just getting my it's taking
me a little bit to get my bearings and
it sucked rich know didn't know J and
missus run on spider-man did not suck up
until he he decided to do the Gwen
Stacy's goblin babies but people hated
his run because he tried to do like
magical themed stuff it was a change of
pace none of that bothered me because he
was still writing Peter Parker right
right and so I did not care it was a
nice change of pace from what you
normally got I didn't mind that
Yeah right but then they did that
horrible gwen stacy had sex with norman
osborn her had rapidly aging goblin
babies they did that story uh-huh and
then they followed that up with that the
other story which was a 12 part story
with four different writers and four
different artists which is always a
fucking recipe for a hot goddamn mess
yup Chris please tell Jack he can use
igneel
oh right on my magic to knock lads off
their holes yes I by the way I
completely forgot I have all my magic
also I believe I've forgotten how do you
oh my god what I used a grenade I think
I believe I used a grenade and I did not
mean to my bad sorry everyone my bad
knew which are here knew which er excuse
me everyone excuse me sorry sorry about
the grenade everything's fine
[Music]
don't mind me
this is my butchers are hated in this
world how about let's let's look at what
if a grenade just fell out of my bag
would that make it any better and you
didn't properly secure that I didn't pry
yeah look like a boom it's still my
fault but I didn't like accidentally
just take it out and drop it cuz that's
what it looks like now is I just took
out my grenade and dropped it you just
took a grenade out to fidget what what
oh Jesus Christ
you're the worst Witcher ever
all right know how hard it says hey
fellas I'm sick with a head cold oh
sorry about that half hearted I've taken
nyquil have my headphones and listening
to you fully expecting my dreams to be
about the last thing I hear you say
before I pass out no regrets that
usually does I go to sleep listening to
things I don't have dreams about what
I'm watching I just don't
hmm okay that's the last time I was here
you know what let's save I haven't had a
futurama dreams cuz I fell asleep
watching Futurama okay all right the
real game saved all right Triss is
around here somewhere
then JMS did one more day to be fair
that was mostly Joe Cassano I don't I
don't think that was JMS s idea how do I
get in here
that was that was all editorial mandate
shit you know Joe Joe Quesada has done
some good things horrible things to ya
I'm not saying he hasn't I think I think
he's made some good decisions that may
outweigh some of his worst decisions
just bad decisions affected me more I
hate him okay yeah
I think look at the map Jack I am
there's a map in the fucking corner oh
here we go
I couldn't find a way to aim you Dinks
myth the legend is that her no she's
getting burned alive
no evil could survive the holy fire the
holy fire alliance the flame of grace
and mercy would say yeah that's why I'm
laughing the fire of mercy
a Doppler what why
oh wait now that's blood what what what
what yeah
oh we missed it sorry guys I killed Tris
on accident she was burned due to hasn't
met the same thing
okay
visit trace in her house so like on my
map in the top right corner there is
where trysts is right over here but I've
been trying to figure out how to get
into the building that she is in does
that door open right there no no this is
what that roach is over there see this
is my problem I know where she is I'm
just trying to figure out how to get
there and if everyone was settled down
locked right here we go
trace trace I've been told about you
oh we even get a cutscene
we're looting here that fuck off want
you gone by the time I count of three
one three fuck fuck fuck the shit out of
here like I probably could use my sword
and kill them but what fun would that be
let's uh let's see a magic trap
oh here we go telekinesis plastic there
we go
I guess I'm killing him either way right
yeah so then what does it matter if I
use my sword
oh so as soon as that got out my sword
is backed up I'm gonna do that first
what I'm
gooshie hiding from temple of gold's
cracking down oh I wonder what happens
if you don't take out your sword you
beat them to death then they maybe they
don't give you the clue they don't give
you the clue to find tris then you just
never find Tris or is harder you know
you go to another place I do always roll
that's my that's just the way he rolls
oh that's just blood-borne in king of
beggar's
Monica like this the king of beggar's we
got a deal with the king of beggar's
saving vermin to the confession chamber
that thing that gives you the right to
steal her property
sorceress make these types are outlaws
but by law the temple guard takes
possession of their belongings and the
rule of law still holds when you beat
someone within a fistfight you don't
kill them oh okay oh that's good to know
I like that whoa whoa no I don't want to
leave Oh should I leave camera should I
leave camera I'm sorry I'll get out here
okay exit stage left right left right up
sideways I never played witcher 1 or 2
but once you get into the world of
witcher 3 holes you write in it it takes
you a little bit though I will I will
say that it took me a good long bit to
really get into the whole world and any
time away it again takes you a while to
just get back into the flow but I guess
that's any game but it's it's a oh wait
and see I'm not paying attention I want
to say it it's my sense freak since
there was no place for your kind
fuck-off novigrad was no place for mages
it's no place for witches so who's at a
place for righteous fuck professing the
one true faith in the eternal fire
nothing I can do to you now but just
know that I know you're here one misstep
one error you'll make a mistake is
inevitable I'll be the first to learn of
it and when I do it'll be standard
procedure like for every magic oddity
who dares take this see there all right
I'm down with the city no magic city
yeah
crazy crazy fire zealots burn anything
magic or mystical all right I'm down
alright so if you like use magic then in
the confines of this town's like Grand
Theft Auto where they try to kill you
uh-uh-uh-uh-uh hops come after you maybe
maybe that's why the cops came cuz I was
using my magic to fight those bums
I was fighting those hobos rich and the
cop said no hobo fights in my town
how do you um how do you block again I
don't get why they are cool with
witchers well don't don't which yours
like kill monsters well no they're
they're not he wasn't cool with
whicker's the guy the guy just said if
you make one mistake I will kill you but
he didn't instantly just kill you though
because he knows you're a Witcher it
seems like you get some leeway because
you're a Witcher oh sure well yeah
witches are known for their fighting
prowess and they kill monsters so that
would make sense like I get it get out
of my city attacking a garden anyway
will in fact end in your death
the guards are like level 40 oh well
then I will not attack a guard no one
really likes the witcher's they need
them from time to time
witches are like the x-men rich
discriminated against out of here oh I
get it I get it
but do you yeah I get it okay I want a
fast travel a my supposed to do here
what am I supposed to do here
ten bucks us Jack accidentally drops a
grenade near a guard guys I will do my
best not to and yes why is there a
fisheye effect Oh cuz that's my Witcher
sense yeah you bet your detective vision
so they discourage you from using it by
making the effect really obnoxious you
can turn off the fisheye effects okay
where do you fight if you want you know
visualization of your mystic abilities
rich
sure now you help me gotta find the back
alley locals call the putrid Grove it's
important
I'm not about now growth putrid or
rather don't really care much for you
son-of-a-bitch
I just gave you money you dickhead he's
a dickhead what do you expect I kind of
like that he's a dickhead I am like you
know I thought giving him money would
mean excuse you
I thought giving him money would mean
that he'd tell me what I needed to know
but now he's just a dickhead
[Music]
Dinka blue no you it's not a modded
there's a there's an option in the menu
just to turn off the fisheye effect you
don't need to mod it out you can just
turn it off I'm so sorry okay I was no
help all these beggars are Dinks
see if one of the beggars over here will
talk to me about you where it is
nothing's free in novigrad now where'd
you folk getting the idea we Biggers
know everything I need to see this you
don't need to find that one who wrote me
brother fuck if I know
there's this place in novigrad they call
them sutured grove everyone everybody
has facial scars yeah yeah and it's cool
when you have a scar especially in front
of your eye yeah and then if your eyes
like a different color because the blade
hit your eye - oh so cool I actually do
think that's cool I always like that
yeah all right talk to some more Bega's
doc dude will you get out of my way dink
Mike Harris star in the preacher comics
he's got he's got three scars over one
eye what I think it's cool look it's a
badass look I know it's a bit trophy but
I think it's badass look my childhood
bully said a star for starring it's
caught up as I could give you more we
spent 20 years methodically but you know
I think you take them to the putrid
Grove the TV show even doing her star
birdie damn brave just play you been
watching that I only saw the pilot free
to show and it did not hook me and that
doesn't look like the following two
comics yeah what
my hair now tell me where the putrid
Grove is it's the least you could do
oh don't know I believe you mean I don't
know given all these beggars my damn
money they're not giving me any
information I should start kicking our
asses that'll make him talk gosh dang
beggars taking all my coppers taking all
my crowns I don't I don't trust the TV
show to be anywhere near as irreverent
and disrespectful as the Old South
pharaohs piglets it wouldn't get aired
if it were truly like the comics that's
why I'm not interested I'm glad hum
Purdue is in it Humber doiis is Jesus's
inbred descendant
the grill is the secret society that has
existed from the time of Jesus
okay and they've kept Jesus's bloodline
going but they've kept it as pure as
they could through inbreeding oh so
that's the character and preacher who's
the descendent of Jesus from two
thousand years of rather sister
inbreeding and he is he is severely
mentally challenged see the grill
they're a faith-based organization that
wants like a religious World Order right
so they plan to take over the world and
they want that you know the descendant
of Jesus to be the ruler over the world
and everyone's okay with him being
mentally handicapped they have faith
well once once we take power the power
of God
and Jesus will we'll make him a perfect
ruler by the way that's great hair star
he's in the he's in the grill he's one
of the members but uh he doesn't have
faith he's looking for a different he's
going he wants to carry out the plan but
he's looking for a new Messiah
[Music]
Old South farad piglets
hey I got it I did it I did it all right
Here I am now
oh we got to meet with I'm not any
closer to Tris I got to go meet with the
king of The Beggar's now which I'll be
honest I'm a little excited to see what
he looks like
I'm excited to see how some damn it too
many houses Oh Chris this dress I see a
Tris
she's real it's happening see you too
now I was curious when you managed to
find me which
am i mistaken you got something to take
up with me who knows man with two swords
and the skill be using could be very
useful these days I don't like having
lost some underling to fetch me I was
hoping for something a little more
fanciful for the bandit king for the
king the king of the beggar is rich he
looks a little - he looks a little too
nice to be king of the beggars he's King
he is king of the beggars but of the
beggars yes he doesn't look that nice
I'm seeking a seat on the City Council
City Council he's a puppet troupe with a
hierarchy of the Church of the eternal
fire as its puppeteer until recently
Danny's when radovid and his witch
hunters took the reins the semblance of
power don't interest me
why dear one will be truly free but
before that can happen
we caught a Riddick of superstition
farting around I'm not impressed by the
king of the beggars now and tris you
know we need to we need to see her from
all angles but you know not bad not bad
I like Tris better than yours that's a
tale for another time but now she has a
few angles
we're going to the hardware store can
you uh can you pick up my dry cleaning
six months ago or somebody centrist her
name is Triss Merigold all right
pom pom pom pom pom pom I take it you're
a novigrad on important business
important doesn't do it justice I'm
looking for someone more precisely young
woman who's like a daughter to me know
she was here
there are witnesses evidence was hoping
you'd heard something you've been here
awhile I need you to help me find
something anything a trace I'll do
everything I can
that hood isn't doing her face any
favors I'll be honest yeah doesn't he
miss mysterious I don't hit the hood pop
hearted since I've hearted my quo hasn't
kicked in yet riches right as usual look
Bill Murray was going to be Batman with
Eddie Murphy as Robin I hope I dream
about Jack as a witch that hides
grenades everywhere yeah well my bad
just a Witcher hi I had told of
RocknRolla says if if in the next 20
years we invent solar power 3d printers
making Dyson Sphere sighs spaceships to
search for other m-class planets
carrying millions of colonists at
sublight speed do you go or stay I don't
know what what I need more details
what's involved what are the conditions
gonna be like is there we know what's at
the destination you send a probe out
first you don't just go to Langley hope
you find something you can live on I go
yeah in 20 years right I'm an older man
than I am now mm-hmm you gotta you gotta
leave the planet for the younger
generation I'll go explore send word
back if I die I'm an old man you you you
know sacrifice I put our elders to you
switch sacrifice them for the greater
good
why are you nerd so desperate to leave
Earth us nerds are smart enough to
realize that this earth isn't gonna be
habitable for ever us thirds are also ok
fixing earth it's true like a lot of
them a lot of the nerds are really ok
with just like working on getting Earth
back to good but but it makes a lot of
sense for Humanity to be in multiple
planets well you know just in case some
horrible disaster happens to this one do
you never put all your eggs in one
basket and that's and we only got one
basket here guys the basket of Earth and
even if we can fix her shit asteroid
boom you know you can do you can go fix
this earth and look for another one of
course yeah you got it you gotta keep
your options open always what do you
what do you do when the Sun becomes a
red giant though even even if you take
perfect care of this earth yeah it's not
gonna be habitable forever this home
saying oh you cannot even this at fuck
fucking the the that asteroid yeah I
already happen once we know that and for
sure it'll happen again
dibs on Venus when the Sun expands and
becomes a red giant venus will literally
be engulfed by the Sun because it's
gonna get really big he's gonna swell up
it might even engulf the earth I can't
do that
where'd you toss the package I wanted to
freshen up anyway let's go
the food would even brightly fill out
the kind of cookies view billions of
years there won't be humanity's what our
descendants at the very least if we're
not dumb we will still have descendants
by then you know that's the whole take
care of yourself clue
second episode of new doctor who was a
goodbye party to the earth as the Sun
aided that's true that was a fun episode
the the you know the re the remake of
Doctor Who the second episode they went
to the final day of Earth when the Sun
was eating it wasn't that the moment the
big skin flap with a face
the last human rich the last human who
was only a face stretched across on her
skin it was glorious as a fine up so dry
there those used me
trapdoor we
rolling away
this isn't Trish's finest outfit she has
a better one than later that's what so
what you're saying is you don't care
about her as a character that's not
that's not what makes her likeable she's
four I guess she's the hot one
that's who cares that she's helping us
find our surrogate daughter or that she
adds to the world building weight so she
puts on her hot pants
- we get good
oh shit
do you have it too heavy yeah drop some
stuff too heavy what did I pick up what
did I pick up like a dummy Jack having
fun so not gonna give him shit for him
but he really needs to finish swamp shit
and level up because shit gets hard
quick in this area sounds like you're in
for beating yeah I was told to go find
Tris and I went and found Tris and I was
I was actually really close to finishing
up that swamp thing but I and any time
if I get my ass handed to me then I'll
just go back and do this function but
you guys wanted to see Tris I wanted to
know if Tris was a real thing there was
there's a lot of Tris
there was a lot of Tris want alright
magic trevor
37's is jack and rich how do you cope
with your mortality do you think mankind
will successfully eliminate aging an
inch and achieve immortality first time
saying hello thanks to the hours of
entertainment I I just have to accept my
mortality there's very little I can do
about it yeah that's that's how you deal
with it
you can't no you know you deal with it
by accepting it yeah you know I I I
tried it I do and you know obviously
ever everyone I think thinks about death
a lot and so I just try to make sure
that I do things every day like it's
like am i doing something that will that
I will look back fondly on today and
usually the answer is yes sometimes the
answer is no cuz you know we all got a
work and shit like I'm not I'm never
gonna look back and be like man I'm
super glad I cleaned the dishes that day
but
you try to do something that's why
that's why I like traveling so much is
you know like that's important to me I
spend time with my family you do what
what is important to you as far as
eliminating aging to achieve immortality
I don't know I got a feeling they'll be
uploading consciousnesses to do
computers before that happen it's
probably more likely you'll be living in
the matrix yeah which I suppose it'd be
ok with I'd be fine with it but I just
wonder how they would deal with any sort
of like expanding knowledge base just
like make sure that there's room to grow
like what if it's you but you can't like
learn anything new and so your brain
starts like rejecting stuff because you
can't pick up new information and you
end up being stuck in it you know almost
a temporal loop because you can't learn
anything new but then you realize you're
stuck in a temporal loop but that's
learning something new all the horror
it's a black mirror episode oh no it's
not I'm just making life it sound that
sounds like a black mirror presumably a
perfect simulation of a brain gold is
that exactly as much information as a
brain could sure so the question is how
does how much information can your brain
hold and how does it deal with being
full right or or in a simulation of a
brain could they artificially expand
your your memories capacity
all these questions
did I get it are you getting your head
frozen rich probably not like anybody is
getting their head frozen they're
getting bamboozled nobody's gonna bother
to revive any of these people living if
they can't cure what's wrong with them I
mean you're frozen you're basically dead
at that point by the time we're you know
a thousand years in the future and they
can't cure these cancers they'll just
take these people who've been
cryogenically frozen you know let just
shove in a museum hmm
look at this silly thing the specimen of
humanity from ancient culture of America
what about you idiots heck then freeze
some of their dead in the hope of being
rethought and cured someday but we
quickly realized that these people would
be of no use to us today so we said
fucking that's exactly what's gonna
happen to these people yeah hey girl the
whole idea of uploading consciousness is
one of the most horrifying things
especially giving the ethical and
existential implications deal with it I
don't I don't know what to tell you
presumably it would be voluntary and
they wouldn't force your brain into a
computer
six months isn't that and if your
existential crisis is is that still you
keep in mind that even you aren't the
same you you were seven years ago you're
made up of different matter than you
were then it's true that's true
think about how often your body replaces
its own themselves thanks without even
thinking about that just think about
like you know what you've experienced
what you've learned the different the
different neuro pathways in your brain
because of the the sights and sounds
you've experienced would fundamentally
change your personality but not your
brain somebody's saying in all caps
because this is obviously very
distressing for them but yes your same
cells the cells don't divide but the
same cells have the same atoms aren't
they they're doing the brain is doing
things and fluids being exchanged and
moved around mm-hmm and I think at some
point you have to come to grips with the
the concept that you aren't the meat but
you are the information contained on the
beat you
you're the electricity you're the
information right how the electricity
interacts with the meat well so you know
what actually I do think it's a little
bit of a meat it's the parts that the
electricity interact with the meat
measure you and so when we're when we're
talking about recreating our brains in a
computer simulation it's it's not just
the electricity it's about the meat and
how the electricity connects with the
meat I think rich thinks he is much
smarter than he actually is
look I'm not speaking from any kind of
authority jackass this is just this is
just shit I hear about and I find
interesting yeah by the eternal fire no
I'm surprised that's all together I
expect you or I could talk about the
Justice League some more
but I'd prefer you not to tarry and
begin tress you and Brandon here you've
agreed a price we settled on a full coin
purse Brandon & Co is a serious outfit
we've the largest granary in all
novigrad
you're a merchant familiar with how
commerce works of course honest pay for
honest work how fast do you think the
flesh could really go just about well
this is you that the speedforce
is absolutely a supernatural device
which is why the flash is actually
faster than Superman because Superman's
only weakness is Magic Ridge month awful
really throng Superman throwing in fact
yeah I picked up another outfit care
about these outfits but it's like I
don't care about these outfits
all right where'd you think you're going
warehouse job walk wait you know what
not yet what okay man I wasn't paying
attention
rich do you know anything about
simulation theory are you talking about
the the theory that we all might be our
reality might be a just a computer
created simulation I'm familiar with it
I don't know many of the details though
I don't know how many details there are
to the theory you can if you can make a
computer powerful enough to simulate
realities yeah then then in theory right
there is only one reality but there's
potentially many simulated realities so
if you just look at the numbers just
there's more simulated computer
realities and there are actual realities
just one then the odds are we are in a
computer simulated reality sure just if
we were just looking at numbers yeah
right right and if that's what you're
talking about that's literally all I
know about the subject sure but it's
it's one of that's one of those like the
numbers are deceiving like um like the
arrows what's that called what's the
arrow paradox details the the idea is if
you shoot an arrow and you hit a target
the arrow
Evette before before it hits a target it
needs to reach a halfway point okay I
know you're psycho Zeno's paradox right
and before it reaches that halfway point
needs to reach half of that it needs to
reach half that but there's an infinite
amount of powers halfway there's so in
theory by the math alone yeah it will
never reach its target no in practice we
know it already just argue you know
that's just me the world's a fun place
interesting doesn't that mean there is a
creator though someone or something had
to program it and that just could be
some fetish levy computer programmer
living on out the one real earth so
what's not as exciting as you think
right it could be a random programmer
who has no meaning for us at all we're
just a bunch of numbers too yeah
so sure there might be a creator a
creator who doesn't give a fuck about us
or doesn't know we exist
they're running some kind of universe
simulation on a hyper advanced computer
just to just to figure out how the heat
the universe is gonna work no fuck that
fuck that there they're doing they're
doing a roller coaster tycoon universe
edition and we're just NPCs that's what
they're doing and they're just watching
their NPCs and making sure we're happy
so we'll go on their roller coasters
rich
you a man once who reacted to everything
especially adversity by mocking it
healthy attitude must have lived long
came a day he lost both his legs in
battle he shrugged said it was better
that way
he'd never feel pain in them again I
understand him perfectly
I know thing is he was lying to himself
oh yeah we all lie sometimes but lying
to yourself is running a with story who
is really nowhere to run Chris you're
lying to yourself
she's not ugly but her hair yeah it's
too red it's too red she looks like a
clone she looks like a clown I mean she
she looks like Wendy from Wendy's you
know I'll be okay with it
so I can pull them they don't have
actual redheads so they just didn't know
is that what happened yeah
I'm red I like Wendy's and get to me
double-double performance former Soviet
bloc country right there her hair is
only black or gray in communist Poland
hair is only black or gray
mage sorceress what have you didn't have
the heart to refuse we're gonna fight
from the start let's agree your friends
we're never here
now pay the rest and that's part in
peace which is close to having a midlife
crisis I wonder what that will look like
I got that out of the way when I was 20
okay fight
oh you got a purple glow source
apparently forgot how to block I was a
purple glow sword knew I mean I forget
what I forget what i equipped last time
is there a block button or just dodge
rolling there there is a black button
and and even a parry but I don't
remember what it is okay okay oh there
it is there it is left trigger is what
it is by the way
okay we can find Brandon wait I want to
see if their swords are better than my
sword
they have witch hunter swords are they
better than my sword zoink oh says jag
object go find Sheni she's way better
than Tris and yen who Sheni Shanny
shinny
that's not a word they said Shetty I'm
sorry
SH Ani Shanny that's the same so so far
we got yennefer we got Tris and we got
that blonde which Biddy that we were
hanging out like is that Chani I don't
think her name was Shanny okay what's a
Shawnee she's in the DLC I don't I
haven't you see how far I've made it
through the main game I'm nowhere close
to the DLC what's her name
Kiera kyria is is who I met already
so that's your bidding well she was nice
huh you know I I I've got no love lost
fortress here she seems alright but
Kiera not I'm not bad on the old lies
fine you'll call me now now get oh I
wanted to kill him let's go aunt space
cop sounds like it yeah shut up
show your tits why is your hair so red
yeah whatever
I like how you so special boob pockets
on to your leather armor that's useful
never trusted in myself you everything
covered about your cleavage
I mean thanks another rat infested
warehouse not exactly nothing even
remotely satisfying
it was nice to see you again you too
Karen you should go now before Kareem
goes back into hiding somewhere what if
I want to find you yeah who those trees
and then look at her her hood see you
later
Oh is the wind different the trees are
just don't like this
yeah these thick branches and her hood
it's just but it's a very certain
hyoeun what it's made out of cardboard
and iron you all right
we did it we found Tris we get what
we're finding all the biddies rich we're
doing it
hey roach
hello ever told you how much I love
Roach he's an idiot but I love him
scared of other grenades terrified of
you he's an idiot
to be fair he constantly like stops and
falls over and shit so 300 guys made
this game rich give them the brick
wasn't blowing the wind I hate the game
no no no no rich I can read between the
lines
one minor graphical problem and is game
is garbage we hear you we hear you and
by the way I agree
utter garbage I was having a good time
until that moment and now that you've
pointed it out I'm gonna burn my copy
which is on my computer so I have to
burn my computer I'm sorry
we're all right I want to go okay now
that we've met Tris I do want to go back
to the swamp where am i I mean I know
where I am but there there's a post rich
Jack and a rich like Friday the 13th
that should tell you something about
their gripes on glitches you know yeah
yeah I can deal with some questions I
get point them out and find them amusing
doesn't mean I despise a game because of
it
is it fun that's all right that's all
okay
if the fun outweighs the glitches that's
all that matters yes all right
we met Tris room the orphans of
crookback bog that's where we be going
that's a good joke pizza train don't
worry about it that's a good joke I'm
going I'm going to the swamp right now
do you know that girl's beard grows in
real time that's why I won Game of the
Year twice I do know that cuz I shaved
and it grew back and I was really pissed
because I liked it shave I had to pay
money to shave so you lost me money it
just grows back
how long is again huh how long does
again I wonder if it could grow like I
think this is as long as it gets yeah I
don't think you can it can go any longer
alright no I didn't get any quests no
this is one kibosh malarkey says the
arbitrary celestial happenstance
committee has selected both you for
uplift from morale shitbag to minor
deity please select which trivial aspect
of existence you would like to preside
over hmm
minor deity so you know we're taught
we're talking the the Greek and Roman
gods yeah yeah I'm gonna say that's a
fair question what would you like to
preside over being left alone go away
the god of being left alone for oh by
the way rich yeah I know that was a joke
but do you understand how powerful of a
God you would be yeah because the only
way God's grow and power the more
tribute is paid to them and if not a lot
of people believe in you the less people
that believed in you the more power you
would have that sounds like a sweet deal
you've created the ultimate God and then
you could do anything as long as you
didn't get caught that's a fine concept
yeah yeah
see mate so yeah we finished little
nightmares last stream we finished that
richness found a loophole Oh No yep
that's what I'm good at love them
loopholes mm-hmm mm-hmm
let's see here and Fred you know for me
yeah there's so there's so many there's
so many fun things that I would want to
be God over does that make me the
villain of the next season of American
Gods we now have to face our most deadly
challenge yet
the god of apathy if no one cares about
him he becomes more powerful so they
have to like Tiffany they like they make
a TV show about this cop and then they
have to get the word out they have to
make everybody care about you and try to
find you that weakens yeah I guess let's
get them in we've brought a bus full of
people with us all just to look at you
[Laughter]
that's it MC Lucas a god that gets more
powerful the more atheists there are
that would be rich the god of leaving me
alone it would be perfect they would be
perfect you know and you know for me can
it can I just be the god of coffee and a
good book I just want a cup of coffee
and a good book and then I'm set and
everyone who has a cup of coffee and
reads a good book a praise to me and I
would like that the showrunners of
American Gods just walked away from the
series today
oh no means next season's definitely at
the rich Evan you've already won you've
already won rich um does that mean it's
not happening anymore or new showrunners
popular than I've probably do sure one
or so well it's you know what it wasn't
perfect the first season okay it was it
was good I enjoyed a lot of it but it
wasn't perfect so I actually wouldn't
mind it getting handed over to someone
else okay okay
so I ya know mal reco I liked season one
but I could see there was room for
improvement so it was beautiful but very
very dumb caruso trips yes but I liked
it it there was a lot of neat visuals
there was a lot of artistry and there
there was a lot of fun ideas especially
with like who was God of what and and
how their how their godly powers worked
so random question I'm seeing I'm gonna
read one of the readers because I want
to know the answer myself when is the
second half of the tick coming out do
you know you watched the first half I
did watch the first half I thought I
read it wasn't coming out until 2018 Wow
so jinyo I could be wrong I guess we're
really close to 2018 so never mind
but still it's months rich it's months
between the first half in the second
half a year Oh birdie do ya
January ish says Tiberius Kirk still
that's too long it was good
the first half of season one of the tick
was shockingly good wait because it's
only six episodes right like for like
yes four it's nothing rich it is
absolutely nothing Wow maybe not four
but whatever it whatever it is it wasn't
enough but it was really good it was the
thing hold on I'll tell you exactly how
many episodes it was in one moment
February 23rd the remaining six episodes
okay so they did six that's just I'm not
the remaining six sure yeah I mean they
had six I could have had four and then
six are coming
six episodes including the pilot yeah
yep oh come on and they were good
is there a deflator Mouse in the new
show asked asks mr. glitch no we don't
necessarily need them they they have
they have characters that take on that
role kind of the one with Patrick
Warburton know the one with Peter
Serafinowicz it's on Amazon and it's
kind of brand new yeah you might not
have heard of it but there's there's a
new a new tic series on Amazon Prime yep
yeah it's new and it's good likes to
bring up Patrick Warburton as the tech
and that it's so weird to me because the
first thing I think of when I think of
the tech is the animated show yeah is um
I can't think of his name but that's the
tick in my head I say this every time he
has a strange sounding name Warburton
was perfectly cast it was bad writing on
the show I do agree with that but
Townsend Townsend Coleman
Thank You Tiberius gave me Coleman
Tiberius gave me Coleman Townsend
Coleman is the name of the voice actor
who did the ticke for the 90s cartoon
show and he what is go come on Roche
immediate horse and as far as I'm
concerned he is the one and only tick
yeah Patrick Warburton is doing a
Townsend Coleman impression Peter
Serafinowicz was the voice of Darth Maul
what that's true kid two lines so really
it's still true
he tells a very good story about how he
wasn't originally invited to the
premiere he also tells very good story
about George Lucas directing him mm-hmm
Bandon camp yeah eat a dick
Peter Serafinowicz is he's a funny guy
and he's well cast is the tick oh and it
works like the the writing is there son
of a bitch
I'm gonna die and I don't know when the
last time I saved his okay run away run
away Gerald I mean it's really weird
he was Darth Maul more than anything
else because he says go and he's he's a
funny comedian yeah thank you
what I'm away from the bandits now you
can meditate put your damn sword away
Geralt who are you getting ready to
fight thank you no but he's perfect I
love that they're a little more focused
on Arthur this time it makes a lot more
sense in live-action look you wanted
every man that's that's the direction
you go yep it's good it's all good it's
a fine it's a quality show yeah so what
what is the story about his story about
being directed by George Lucas small is
you know he have these lines he'd have
these lines like like we will find him
I'm in George we go could you be more
menacing mouse go Tom could you be more
on messing with fine
like Jay is like according to him George
just could not give two fucks about
directing him in his voice work so it's
good stories I'd look it up there on
YouTube there on the tubes good you all
right so my car my bad guys yep oh you
want to kill the Gennari George couldn't
give two fucks about directing period
yeah basically why do I want to kill the
Jedi because you're no Sith Lord
uh-huh and you want to kill him I
[Laughter]
recognize this dagger
my master I didn't know you belong to
them don't belong to anyone down to
business I want to give us done quickly
so that's how it's to be I'm supposed to
help solve your problem tell me what it
is just the essentials the war awoken
ancient power an evil one that feeds on
bloodshed and folks sleepwalk from their
owners never that is a very green shirt
for a pet you know like they they have
some oddly bright colors made out of
leaves all they had for died was
chlorophyll
I'm just saying going along with your
red hairs go there it's like some colors
are extraordinarily bright Jack Jack be
sensitive CG CD Projekt the colorblind
that's cool
I was I was disability shaming I'm so
sorry I know that's not how
colorblindness works I know you ever
seen the on YouTube the colorblind less
know there are supposing this bunch of
videos so it's a pretty elaborate hoax
if it's a hoax but there are glasses
that can correct some forms of
colorblindness sure and there are videos
of people getting these glasses as like
a present or something and just seeing
colors no the first time hmm
certain colors for the first time right
and being freaked out okay you know like
most color blindness is not even like
you know black and white it's just like
Oh reds and greens kind of look the same
to me
you know this picture some guy looking
at like a shampoo bottle like this is
purple that's gotta be really weird to
your brain though holy crap I don't like
it I
like the color purple but now I know
what it looks like need more details you
times folks from around here gathered to
chop down the trees I recommend looking
for some of these videos they're amusing
the ground with human bones ladies of
the wood don't know what this power is
they know all Oh sack like lame they'd
be punishing us folks stop respecting
them some even call them witches but
must not be they they sent you I look
around the whispering hillock you be
careful master Witcher don't you treat
this evil like I've been wearing purple
shoes this whole time like could you
imagine why didn't any of you tell me I
was wearing purple shoes
it's like dad they were cheaper you
didn't care yeah but I'm wearing purple
fucking shoes this whole time
hey Rach I got freaked out for a second
because this says hey Rach wagon for
sale and I was just like I looking
through to see if there's any quest to
take on and you know that my online name
is har Lac and so I saw the H a the are
the a the C decay and I was like whoa
did they get my information somehow or
what's you know in Poland what's a
Harlech our lack of iron barn floor
against the origin but it was hey Rach
everything's fine dr. Lou it up says if
you could quantum leap into somebody who
would you choose I could quantum leap
into someone yeah and make something
right and make something right and
quantum leap out
president Trump good night everybody I
delivered I deliberately not Jack I
deliberately skipped the first part of
that question which was if you would
leap into Donald Trump what would you do
I left that out through the monkey
wrench right in there I wear my heart on
my sleeve rich we're right on it I guess
[Laughter]
just saying you know I could take over
someone's body for a little bit and say
anything and do anything I want right
now there's someone who who could use
some straightening out it's all this all
so I'm saying
I got nothing that could top that oh
wait I read that does it really say that
yep
how crazy that's great by the way I just
love the the kismet of that situation of
them asking about Donald Trump you
trying to skirt it and me just laser get
and anyone who is watching there you saw
me you solved my wheels turn like should
I say it should I say it cuz I could
probably think of something else but I
want to say it and I just said is that
worked out that's great nickel causes
hey guys I am eco check did you enjoy
Springfield at Universal I love that
they have a real most tavern yeah
Springfield was great
like I said it's more than most happen
oh they have it yes they have that most
have urn they have cletus's Chicken
Shack they have the fancy their fancy
restaurants they have their have a
Simpsons house they don't have the
Simpsons house look there's only so many
things you can have like the Simpsons
house would be a madhouse rich like most
tavern is literally like a place where
you eat like it's a restaurant there
yeah if they had a like a full-scale
Simpsons house that would be the ride
and I think people would get pissed
they have lard lad doughnuts you can buy
giant doughnuts too one of which the
chat is asking when we're over again
quickie mark they do have a quicky Mart
it's like a regular convenience store
it's a committee a well it's like their
gift shop you know yeah yeah but it's
it's the kwik-e-mart what do they have
like things you can ormally get a
quickie more in there they're like a
magazine rack they do sell squishies
they sell squishies and I loved that
they sold squishies and Krusty Burger oh
yeah they have Kristen okay they have N
and the Krusty burgers are pretty good
okay it looked pretty good Krusty
burgers let me tell you that more
importantly to me it is one of the two
places in the country that you can get a
Duff Beer
can you get abort license plate
somebody's asking that's a great
question and I don't actually know the
answer to that I don't know the answer
to whether or not you can get abort
license plate there we go
but now I'm upset that I didn't look
harder for abort license plate but so
they do have Duff Beer and for you know
obviously anyone who knows the Simpsons
that's that's their beer in Springfield
and so they get a special beer brewed
for them that is Duff Beer and it's
really good yeah it's a light beer
little citrus notes it's very tasty how
many people would buy a board key win
how many people it'd be insane wouldn't
it you would think yeah but I mean how
many so but you know Universal is all
these lands right they got they got
minions land they got Harry Potter land
they have you know other stuff so how
many people who go there for Harry
Potter land really care about the
citizens but you know you still walk
through it cuz you pay for the whole
part sure sure
I'm gonna guess a lot of people even if
you care about Harry Potter a lot and
that's why you go there you probably
also like the Simpsons I'm guessing
there's a large number of people that
whatever else they might be going there
for also like the Simpsons
I'm gonna guess third only thirty
percent would buy a board keyring so op
yeah oh it's a little tongue yeah
I have
oh I only have an armoured repair kit I
want our weapons our packet dang it
I need to go see a blacksmith the kids
these days like The Simpsons
they haven't even seen the good years if
while we were eating at Krusty Burger at
Moe's Tavern
they had a loop of simps of little
Simpsons bits yeah and my kids fell in
love with it and we we get FX yeah and
so if you if you have a cable network or
if you subscribe to FX you can get
simpsons world which is streaming every
single episode of The Simpsons ever and
that's all my kids watch now they oh
right right they don't care about
anything else except for watching
episodes of The Simpsons they love it
they fucking love it
which is great so I know but my kids had
no clue with the Simpsons where in fact
like they they saw they saw somewhere
like a Simpsons Lego set and they called
it the Simpsons like the Simpsons you
know they humans this was you know this
is before we went to Universal cut a
tree cut a tree dick nice guy Eddie
$0.57 we need a B we need a behind the
music style documentary of George Lucas
starring rich Evans sidenote saw harlot
farm sign in San Antonio Texas today
whoa where am I going
dr. Lou it up says guys those were best
two American dollars I've ever spent
here's another two thanks Jack and rich
you're welcome how's that the quantum
leap question
we do what we can we do what we can well
maybe like a big enemy over here I hear
roaring I hear roaring
right is it not day out oh no it's the
day then why is there a werewolf
werewolves work different in this
universe Oh yep I guess
well fire ah that's just what I was
thinking
I'm a dick
what are you doing ah yeah you don't get
to heal yeah oh I can meditate I'm gonna
cheese Nico : official talk okay how do
you feel about plans for the upcoming
Nintendo land a real mario kart go kart
ride sounds pretty darn neat magic yeah
it's it's interesting you know the the
the weirdest thing about Universal was
the older stuff like the fact that there
is a water world stunt show and you know
of the mummy ride the the the fact that
there is even a Simpsons land is kind of
weird because you know kids don't know
what that is anymore but it's it's still
around so I'm all for it yeah an
attendent world it could be really cool
I'm good
it could be really cool my my only my
only issue with Universal is a lot of
the rides that they had their worth
emotion rides and I don't know if I talk
oh you know you got the screaming and
the car moves and those make me so
nauseous that I can't go on them yeah
and so for a lot of the rides I would
wait in line with my family and not go
on and then like what's going on right
yeah I'm gonna be over there it depended
on how long the line was no like if the
line was under a half an hour like oh
yeah you got it
but if it was like 45 minutes or or like
the Harry Potter ride I want to say was
that like an hour wait yeah for the
Harry Potter ride and it was like I you
know I just don't want to sticker with
that you know with the kids for an hour
straight yeah but if it was under I'd
say yeah you go I'm gonna go back to
Simpsons where I'll get another Duff
I'll see you in a little bit
Jack the stripper DD $0.07
please put this tip towards the rich
plays God of War on stream money / I'm
sure we'll reach the goal soon and that
is fraud there is no such money goal I I
played a little bit of the first god of
war back in the day yeah and it was
right around the same time I was really
like really into ninja gaiden ok and God
of War does not hold up favorably
compared to ninja gaiden yeah it's a
difference this is different thing it's
worse combat with a lot of garbage
QuickTime events tacked on to it yeah
not a God of War fan it's been a while
since I've played a gun at war game I'll
be honest with you compared to ninja
gaiden it's a piece of fucking shit I
don't disagree
[Music]
wait no that's how do it there we go all
right do we get a Ninja Gaiden stream
possibly someday I mean I might have
streamed a bit of it before in the past
I don't remember
am i prepared for this fight I don't
feel like I am probably out of practice
and played like shit but I think I would
upload a bit of that you might have
they sense once
since a nice icon all right
nope out of the water out of the water
you dick to this her flaming Moe's they
do serve flaming Moe's flaming Moe's
though our non-alcoholic of course of
course
yeah so I actually did not drink a
flaming Moe because I'm not gonna pay a
lot of money for a non-alcoholic
right-right be honest I almost went into
severe credit card debt buying all of
the Duff beers I did being as expensive
as they were but I figured to myself
ones you know this is it this is the
only time I'm gonna drink a def beer in
my life isn't Duff Beer up here with a
soul or just not there it was an actual
beer there it's actual beer yeah it's an
actual beer it's a very nice beer
I think they sell like duff beer in a
can that is the layout
are you here to grunt weed or is my
friend
I played the PlatinumGames TMNT game I
kind of avoided it it looked a lot like
their transformers game which was half
asked if I were being generous
yeah I'm assuming much much like the
Transformers game they just recycled the
bebop and Rocksteady fight over and over
again that trades hands game and like
bebop and Rocksteady they're like my
Toulouse favorite Ninja Turtles
characters so yeah
which transformers game I forgot what
they called it it's just PlatinumGames
did a SIL shaded transformers games
devastation was that it I think it is
transformers devastation no cop I'm
there's a decision to be made with this
horrible monster okay rich would you be
willing to give transformers video games
the second chance in the form of war for
slash fall of Cybertron they're really
good games especially if you are a g1
fan what do you want
I think the earliest transformers the
first ones that came out like a
generation yeah I don't know the
Transformers lost me as a kid with the
movie when they killed Optimus Prime I
was I was gone I just go on I never
really looked back yeah yeah like really
you're gonna kill the one character I
like in the entire fucking series yeah
I'm gone I don't care about this hot rod
cocksucker try to shove a new character
down my throat even sell more toys jerks
I know what you're doing yeah I'm
fucking I'm fucking 9 and I know what
you're doing
I cried what happened then a Martian
wrestler movies when Optimus time yeah
that was it for me that was it free for
the franchise
whoo
I got a tough decision to make you rich
yeah so if you remember way back in the
day I was in that swamp with the kids
and the witches and the witches sent me
here for some reason I forgot why they
sent me here but I found this dude yeah
and this dude's and so I'm supposed to
kill this dude this dude says wait the
witches are the real bad guy and they're
gonna hurt the children and only I can
save the children so it's if you free me
I'll help the children can you kill them
all just be safe right which is burn it
with fire remember when you tried I did
trust the ghost you're right jack feed
him the horse I'm not gonna feed him a
roach roaches dumb butt my friend kill
him jack all right I'm gonna kill him
and Chad I'm I'm well aware that after
the Transformers movie that changed
their plans for the GI Joe movie they
were originally going to kill Duke you
know so they could sell new toys here's
the funny thing yeah I wish it was the
other way around because I don't really
care that much for Duke yeah they kill
Duke got a bit like Snake Eyes okay all
right you can kill Duke
did you not trust it I didn't I did not
trust it
damnit
can you change your mind haha huh can
you change your mind no I'm supposed to
kill this is okay we'll see we'll see if
I was right or not Chapas what are the
odds that jack was right
well would you put the odds at
we're about to find out
yeah all right no I want to know yeah is
there what is the is there in game logic
and in game an in-game hint that would
let you know who to trust or is this
really just a fucking coin flip
no no so the the reason why I decided
you know a lot of the chat was saying
you know don't trust him don't trust him
right yeah but the reason I decided to
was when before I got here I had to talk
to the people of the village and the
people of the village so not only did
the witches say that this guy was bad
trouble all the people of the village
said when we go here everyone dies and
you know whatever lives in this cave
kills everything all right but if okay
if it turns out the tree was right
hmm I I would be upset if there's not a
clear in-game indication I believe the
more people you talk the more
information you gather the more
informative decision okay okay I think
that's the the incentive to talk to all
the villagers like hey tell me what you
know about that that cave over there and
then they'll all tell you stories and
you have to make the try right but uh so
I do think there is more to it than just
a coin flip in real life you don't
always know who to trust either Richard
this is a video game I think in a video
game there needs to be clues and hints
clear parameters yeah yeah rules rules
yeah I'm with rich here but I I think it
was there and enough people were giving
me the same story where I was like all
right I'm gonna believe everyone else's
story but who knows rich I might get
back to the witches right now and all
the kids are dead I just don't know I
fully expect that to be the case we're
gonna find out
come here Roch you dumb roach cut damn
it come here you idiot
I love you let's go
take it easy
solved your problem just in case they'll
avoid the whispering he'll look for a
while can all be where something lurking
there
and sour spirited possessed a tree on
the hill it was responsible for the
killings
how'd you dispel this evil I hit it with
my Ford possess the trees whores oh it's
evident so it were a ghost will it be
back no
the Crone's of all the ladies of the
wood as you call them said to remind you
about the payment take it you know what
they want
no he do give me the dagger be back soon
oh oh oh
[Music]
show it show it show it oh it's just in
here it's just an ear it's fine it's
just a mirror they did show it kind of
radars Peyman
take it to the ladies well yeah
it is are packed you're a stranger you
don't know life here it's honest paid
for their protection just in here all
those years in the woods put it out your
mind master you soon believe in and we
must re on our young uns and their young
uns after no gods nor masters watch over
Bella Milan does know much he wants to
survive must seek his own protectors
that's not so bad
that's what I'm saying I get it we'll
pay the witches the witches of hubless
take care of our monsters and we just
give him some years not even not even a
lot of years just one year for the whole
village right
why do they have to pay the protection
you did all the work what do they do
they sent me these are the witches who I
love I love their monster design
[Music]
you see is like sack of arms you see
that like sack of body parts that looks
like a child's arm might be a child
okay children oh yeah that's right we're
helping them out because they I
completely forgot why we were helping
them in the first place cuz they're
gonna lead us to Jennifer no who's the
who's my daughter is that yennefer Oh
should I press the button the woman you
see because when you ask oh good
I think sis or Siri that's who it is
Siri I'm from Vampira says Siri yes
vampa the vampire assassin lady is my
daughter
I am a newsagent who seeks out the news
that others fear to search out
hello Geralt thank you for saving me
from witches
don't believe you they say you always
keep your word so tell me everything
exactly as it happened we're getting
somewhere
Jack after turning in a long quest I'm
sorry who are you
absolutely aye aye very often forget
things and games like this like what was
I doing like that which I love that ODS
gross and that great mm-hmm that's
beautiful that's beautiful design
and she has a nice skirt everybody's got
a nice car it's the hip thing just the
cool thing Jack you killed the kids I
don't think so
but we'll see I haven't seen the kids
yet but we're in a cutscene great
oh oh that's right I have different
powers
so I don't have magic got cash dang it
you forget you forget all the things
when you play us here you don't have
magic and you can do this place for a
lot this is only the second time I play
this aren't that and so that's why it's
it's confusing
oh she has things that eventually
American powers
check apparently you're supposed to run
what I think they're just going to keep
coming
oh really yeah see the big arrow gosh
dang it
yeah I see this big arrow I was having
fun fighting monsters I'm sorry I was
there were monsters that's the Wild Hunt
they're here for ciri for some reason
it's gone I have no idea what's going on
sometime later whoops
will will will
you tried to kill her try to butcher her
like an animal and eat her it's in the
basket she's got a log on her face no
it's just a basket huh
kill the witches hey you tell me I kind
of like the witches but they did try to
eat my daughter and maybe they're
killing the children but they're also
protecting the town folk and the town
will be and then the timely defenses but
I also killed the thing that was hurting
the town yeah
oh I like them that's cute yeah they
sure were talking a lot of shit but
they're witches it's okay
anonymous I started working on
Wednesdays and your streams have always
made the four-hour drive 10 miles home
enjoyable thanks hashtag Los Angeles
traffic what would you say are the three
worst games you played in 2017 bad Los
Angeles traffic is for Rijo I've heard
for real
so I've heard it's crazy to me anyone
who lives outside of the main city and
has those drives like I have friends
every single day rich an hour and a half
one way faster so the thing is well you
wouldn't want to do that it's hot and it
is not a walking friendly City yeah bike
huh bike it's not really a biking
friendly City it's it's everything's far
apart and there's cars everywhere rich
you will die if you have a motorcycle
motorcycles it is legal for motorcycles
to ride in between cars
yeah probably makes things worse not if
there's a giant traffic jam you can sure
you can Zuppa tea doop man you can zip
it a dupe real easy so it's it's
terrible there it's just terrible
photo mode it's close to time all right
then we can call it yeah three three
worst games do you have anything worst
yeah
games that we've played this year came
out this year I yeah that's the real
problem right there is remembering what
we even played once we played and we
played we play so many games off the top
of my head err that I technically did
not play her so oh there you go the the
ghost one two three grenades one two
switch
yeah one two switch was a was a really
bad game that I played like let that
layers of fear game it's hard to even
call that a game yeah that was bad but
nothing that made me angry like like
with one two or the order
oh yeah the order that was terrible um
well I can't Jack beat this game in one
sitting
I can barely beat one mission in one
sitting
no look you know what little nightmares
had its good moments yeah it had enough
like it was it was a little dull but it
had neat art direction and it had that
one very intense sequence with all the
people chasing us so I'm gonna give that
a pass I don't know if it's a very good
game but it at least had enough going
for it to keep it interesting for me
Pub G look I can't even admit I had fun
pub GES coop yeah yeah there was a net
there was enough good about pub G
overall I think pub G isn't a very good
game but there's enough good things
about it
wasn't there a crappy megaman clone you
played was that this year mighty number
9 no idea when we do anything mighty
number 9 I know everyone loves to
despise that game yeah it wasn't the
worst thing I've ever seen
it was just dull yeah it was really dull
half-baked yeah oh that's a better way
to put it control mice yep No
uncharted for rich rich love Final
Fantasy 7 look I don't think that counts
as a game from 2017 they just did a game
you played this year yeah not a lot not
a lot to go off of but you know yeah
nothing is worse than the middle of the
pack it's it's it's really true them you
know why because the middle of the pack
will be forgotten
yeah people will forever talk about
Batman V Superman and in a couple years
not many people are gonna remember
Justice League
Bobby promise a great game and another
very little Barbie prom was a great game
masterpiece alright hey everybody
now is the time in the stream in which
we say thank you to all of the people
who have subscribed to us during this
very stream much like atomic mousetrap
who has subscribed to us for 14 months
in a row I last 1984 for 30 fucking
months in a row
Larry Kenobi 1-1 3-8
for 26
fucking months in a row says may the
farce be with you
Garfunkel for 14 months in a row lonar
hasn't what the worst game I played this
year press X not the press X to not die
that was the worst
I had no fun playing then she being
short blunts a lot of badness I hadn't I
had no fun
you said Garfunkel bruiser Inc for 14
months in a row lakyn for 29 fucking
months in a row booty smack arac for 14
months in a row super hot we like super
hot yeah
oh no I liked there was enough good
about it like the main mechanic was good
yeah the the story was pretentious as
hell oh sure but now the main mechanic
was good yeah we liked a lot about super
hot booty smack Iraq for 14 months in a
row add boron for 14 months in a room
Brown Adam Sandler says nearing the
one-year anniversary love you guys
oh well Morello Hughes Madeleine dusts
what is that no Klingon Maryland Plus
that side Satan Klingon Tala knock mr.
Alex Reynolds for 14 months in a row
says with celebrity sex perverts being
named and shamed left and right these
days and I'm gonna finish I'm not even
gonna finish I'm done with that I don't
need to talk about sex creeps general
Gore there's more from everyday rich
it's great bust them all bust all the
creeps says thanks for plinky Doe number
four outtake I learned more about the
film general gore more
quotes because I know nothing of it
before and rich randomly talking about
it once on the stream so thinking of a
username I went with general Gore Thanks
you fucking mic oh that's that's right
you did talk about general yeah space
man one digger blue for 14 months in a
row says you guys are awesome thank you
thanks for the entertainment
welcome captain swc for 12 months in a
row creo 42 for 35 fucking months in a
row an unqualified bard says ditched
Amazon Prime because I haven't ordered
anything in two months every sub when
the tip comes back speaking of which any
thoughts on the show or on Amazon
cutting the season and a half to
discourage binge watching well it didn't
work because I haven't watched it at all
because I want to binge watch it so if
that was their official reason we want
to discourage binge watching that's
utter bullshit yeah as a streaming
service you can put out one show a week
Hulu does it all the time sure but I
mean why would they give a shit if I
like binge watching or not right well
III think it was a logistic point where
they said you know we can get six
episodes out quick yeah that's probably
what it was which is why most shows only
release one Episode a week and so Amazon
should have done that if they would have
only released one Episode a week that
would have given them more time and
there would be this less they're less of
this dead space if they wanted to
discourage binge watching they should
have you know released it in a non binge
fashion idiots
um Lambie wouldn't be annoying too if
they wanted at least one a week is i
binge watch everything well though but
for you you'd be in the same boat yeah
sure but it would be more frustrating I
think Oh cuz every week yeah sure it's
it's
like I have an incredible case of blue
balls because it's there there's enough
of it but they just they left you
hanging where were we on Lambie for 10
months in row says flippity whoo here's
a tongue twister for you the sixth sick
sheiks sixth sheep sick it's great check
this you did great that's exactly what
that says the sixth sick sheiks sixths
the 66 chic six sheeps sick Wow
pretender you nailed that I know I did I
can't do it my tongues not working huh
Oh evil crash nine six six six six
sheeps sick doobie and it's the six six
chic six sheep sick I can't even wrap my
head about all right what words I need
to say rich and your your your busting
this out like it's nothing Jesus says I
want tremors review dang nabbit didn't
we do it they made one already the first
one I think it brings sarcastic no miss
toots says guys I just bought hand of
fate too it's neat haven't played a game
like that before thanks for the
recommendation
welcome yeah it is neat I haven't played
a game like that before this first one
to also yeah if you really like that
whole unlocking card thing it's pretty
nice
death blossoms 40 for universal RC McNee
84 Lucas Ducas 426 fucking months in a
row power fantasy for 14 months in a row
says hello moisture gang Hellcat striker
says how do you like the Avengers teaser
trailer
I thought it was very cool that was I
this is every one of the trailers looks
good so you know I'm sure well I'm just
excited everyone's coming together the
they also could just be a mess for
nobody gets enough screen time we'll see
we'll see we'll see I the Russo brothers
I think have done a good job so far so
we'll see but I yeah my hype meter is is
is up but you know what we still have at
least of Black Panther to get through so
it's like settle down Marvel its I need
to do better or worse than ant-man black
panther yeah it's gonna do significantly
better yeah yeah yeah well where'd you
leave who did what where we at we're on
Zion Co for 14 months in a row who says
hijack and rich I just I just sent I
just spent 70 hours getting enough
points to unlock all the characters in
Star Wars Battlefront 2 plus extra for
DLC people and I also got my friend to
get me the exclusive Ray's removable
blade saber from Disneyland am I wasting
my life yes that's very sad no man if
you enjoyed it then you did what you
want it's very sad that's like it did
you enjoy your 70 hours or did you feel
like it was you're grinding for
something unobtainable if you had a good
time
then that's all that matters man you do
you do you do you get a win yeah Kedar
win oh god let's get our wooden future
future Jay who says hey rich you've
talked before about building that sweet
roofed enterprise model refit to
enterprise model is a model painting
livestream getting close sir I think it
would be a great experimental straining
maybe as good as Lego sorting
for one if I did do that it would
require years of working my way up to up
with other smaller models and learning
how to paint good sure and make models
good and for another thing that's that's
probably like a months-long project
building one of them things and not a
stream so probably not sausage toes for
35 fucking months in a row
Loyd beads for 39 motherfucking months
in a row
chicken Mick buttocks for 14 months in a
row break you idiot clone to 7 to 7 for
20 fucking months in a row says humans
and their root beer six slim various
errors six lugubrious errors says hi
jerk and ranch halt whore low space camo
39 motherfucking months in a row the WSC
are miller
for 27 fucking months in a row says i
lost the only job I've ever had and you
guys are getting me by but I also have
no fucking clue what I want to do
anymore in 10 seconds or less can you
give me meaning and direction in this
world you made your own meaning in this
world man
it's true it's not a meaning out there
for you to find you decide on this
yourself and if we give it to you it
won't be as meaningful gotta find It
Yourself dog no we but we believe in you
I don't know I don't know I didn't go
that far jack but I believe in you I
have I have I have the minimum amount of
belief that I give anyone you can do it
they just get the default amount of
belief though not anything extra you
they might they may or may not be able
to do it may or may not I think and I be
strong
okay yes yes be strong okay if you can I
don't know I say I wish I wish we could
just end up both got like we're not like
a dozen more names to read you say this
every time I say that every time it
always bothers me it always bothers me
every time you but you know this is the
smart call you know it's the smart yeah
is that or is that not ruining the joke
you're killing the punch I know I know
should end it I should just
see I really wanted to leave it off
there but you think these people who
subscribed they're gonna be upset of
course everyone else is gonna be upset
that it wasn't fair the recipe building
at their names red uh-huh so I'm gonna
find I had the good ending for the joke
yeah now we have we have to pass that by
no and then when we get to the end where
we're at yeah in the conversation that's
where it has to end and it's not
necessarily gonna be on a good joke
that's true that's true bad roll the
dice but this is the smart call always
is it's always a smart call to thank the
people