Episode 912
Get Up, Get up, Get Over It!!!(Part 2)
December 12, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CHRC2lKQ8gg
___________________________________________

thoughts on WWE / wrestling I haven't
been into wrestling for 20 years now
yeah
loved it as a kid well you know even as
a kid I was I like I was kind of into it
you know I watched it here there cuz
like I think every kid did 80's
wrestling 80s Early 90s wrestling mm-hmm
Hogan yep
well Matt you don't I left like early
90s oh guys when I lost interest and
briefly got back into it when WCW is
done like the NWO was like this is fun
okay and then that got old and like I
haven't paid hardly any attention in
ages
oh the light tunnel hood nope nope nope
if he thought it was gonna be a later
jack solo stream denied plans changed
when I ended up being free tonight after
all
and I updated Twitter says you gotta
check out Twitter I updated Twitter as
soon as I knew we would be here and I'm
sorry if anyone is you know upset about
this I guess I don't know if anyone
would be just starting earlier you know
starting earlier and Rich's here it's
predetermined but you can't fake falling
into a table from a 15 foot cage yeah
but that's not what they're calling fake
they're calling the sports competition
aspect of it fake yeah which it is no
one's saying they're not talented
athletes performers
yeah no one athletic performers but like
that's the thing and you know I know
it's going through a bit of our of a
Renaissance now wrestling yeah and we're
you know like everybody's just okay with
them being performers and it's like yeah
you know it's it's you know is it going
through a renaissance or is it kind of
dying I suppose I did it went through
one a renaissance is that I think that's
over is it I have no idea that's how
little I just don't yeah I don't pay
attention to to the wrestling nope
scripted choreograph fake is a cheap
throwaway content did they or did they
not pretend to have a sporting
competition and were they not up until
recent decades very secretive about the
fact that it wasn't a real sporting
competition you can you can you can you
can train tonight if you want but listen
the origins of professional wrestling
are shady
oh sure they they definitely weren't as
forthcoming as they
are now with the whole with the whole
predetermined who wins like oh yeah we
got writer oh shit
yeah no and I mean fake doesn't have to
be a negative word here it is but you
know movies are fake people like those
and respect the craft of the movie I
mean it's it's evolved into just kind of
a soap opera but it started as a con
yeah I guess I don't know too much about
the the history of wrestling is how much
of it was a con and how much of it was
just dumb kids not knowing anything no
sirs con dogs bought into it okay
like I remember famously this is story
Bobby Heenan were an angry fan actually
shot at him with a gun really yes
because they thought he was a bad guy
yes well that's just an idiot well sure
it is now all the old the old guys yeah
they always tell stories about nearly
getting the shit kicked out of them by
fans really who believed it that's crazy
that's crazy but that's also why we have
stuff like you know in movies every
phone number is five five five five five
five because people try to call the
number and what want to talk to an actor
I think this is this is above and beyond
though a few people who can't tell me
this is this is not just a few nuts sure
no no no no no no no we're gonna put our
our hammer over here while I adjust my
sensitivity wrestling is anime for
rednecks
did you see that
that's ass inaccurate statement and made
for rednecks I love it
whoever came up with that you get a you
get 20 points 20 points of what I don't
know but you get it
which I hear you're a fan of
documentaries have you watched Ken Burns
the Vietnam War I didn't know we did one
of the Vietnam War
I loved the hell out of Civil War he did
one a prohibition I like that okay yeah
baseball baseball huh that's the famous
one Ken Burns baseball Ken Burns
baseball good old documentaries they're
the best
why Civil War because racism I'm not
sure what you're asking why did the
Civil War happen or why did he choose to
do a documentary about the civil the
Civil War happened because some
jackasses wanted to own people yeah I've
no sympathy for the Civil War south no
you should yeah no well it's like it
makes sense where they're like listen I
get to make way more money if I don't
have to pay my workers and people go
yeah but their people may go but are
they you go yeah they are please no
politics
look if saying that the fucking Civil
War South we're a bunch of fucking
jackasses for whining too old to own
people is a horrible thing what's wrong
with you man I think I think it's okay
to say that I think it's okay to say
that General Lee was a fucking shithead
you know rich you and I don't see eye to
eye on politics always but I think
everyone can come together and say that
that the Civil War there was a good
thing we fought and a good thing we won
yeah yeah
General Lee was the greatest villain
that this country has ever had
oh yeah Jerry was we're talking about a
man who literally killed hundreds of
thousands of American soldiers over the
Rights so that some plantation owners
could own people all right
I'll be with you on this one very little
sympathy I'll be with you on this one
yeah I know that and there are shithead
like apologists out there like you know
there was there was more reasons for the
civil war than it was just there was
more about more than slavery he's gonna
no no really wasn't you know I try you
know lately I've been trying to avoid
politics sure I see that nothing good
comes of it but I I know just I don't
think I don't think slavery is bad okay
is a controversial statement no no you
know what rich you keep keep preaching
that keep preaching slavery bad life is
a mosaic of pleasure and pain grief is
an interval between two moments of joy
peace is the interlude between two wars
you have no rose without a thorn the
diligent pker will avoid the pricks and
gather the flower of Satya Sai Baba
made it made it alright uh where are we
happy hey rich waver yet hey you girls
back here rats wonder if we can uh we
can skip an area cuz I think I fell here
last time
like it's deep an area uh quack atomic
says hey have some money hi I just found
out about a killer car movie called
crash from 1977 within you grasp you
guys ever heard of this framed nope
looks glorious think the terrible fYI
the speedrun record of this game is like
two minutes so someone who knows really
what they're doing that's great
it probably wasn't two minutes their
first time through the game
I'm just gonna be happy if I can you
know do it if I can do any of it
there we go
Chipotle says do you guys ever think
there will be a day when games can be
played with the precision of a mouse and
the comfort of a controller I've heard
mixed things about the steam controller
uh well the steam controller does not in
any way capture the glory of the mouse
but mayhaps perhaps you'll you'll have
that day I don't know I don't know my
friend that's that's the Golden Goose
right now I think that you know we'll
get there one day there's there's been a
lot and there's been a lot of ideas like
before the steam controller what was
what was the the IR device the what was
called like the leap this thing that
existed it was basically like a little
box that you put in front of your
computer and it had the ability using
infrared technology to like track your
hand movement okay and it did it
pinpoint precision and so then you could
like you could like click your fingers
together and set it to like macros and
stuff and leap motion thank you and one
of the it was just like this idea like
oh look at this new technology but
someone's like we could use this for
games like basically anything could be a
touch monitor and like you could just
use the fine movement of your fingers
and hands for gaming it's like oh what
how neat but it never went anywhere mmm
obviously get tired that's your arms
would get tired that's one of the real
problems with any sort of motion gaming
blank blood boards
I think that's the that's a big issue
that people overlook when when they talk
about like the VR experience and like
you know using the what do they call
those you know the emotion enabled stuff
is like you know it's not meant for a
long gaming session yeah is the steam
controller an edged weapon everything is
an edged weapon chat literally
everything
[Music]
we ran out of Hardin says good evening
let's say I'm building a bunker for the
near apocalypse okay to pass the time
after everything blows up what game
system should I bring down playability
and repairability are top priority
playability and repairability
well not the Xbox 360 PC pcs can break
down pcs versatile you get a lot of
fucking games of the PC but the question
is which is going to last the longest I
mean me gaming PC I would just have
spare parts all over the fucking place
because I would be able to fix it so of
all sad words of tongue or pen the
saddest are these it might have been
John Greenleaf with you
you know here's here's gonna be my I
have to imagine an Atari 2600 it's still
like I'm built like a brick yes
old-school tech but that won't get that
won't give you the games no whoa here's
here's my here's my gut reaction for
most amount of games equaling or added
to it most amount of versatility Super
Nintendo not like the Ness because games
all a game number and quality I think we
had more quality game Mega Man
Mario Brothers 3 there's some good shit
in the nest there's some good shit on
the Ness I think there's some better
shit on the Super Nintendo and it's more
of it is it as reliable as a top-loading
NES the Super Nintendo yeah oh yeah
those things still work
those things still work and the
post-apocalypse the dust will murder the
cartridges yeah but that can be cleaned
dust can be cleaned
people are pointing out that while the
Atari might be built fine the
controllers were pieces of crap
that's very true look I even though it
might last the longest
and even if theoretically it did last
longest the Atari 2600 games you rule it
out for that yeah well that's why it
that's why I go Super Nintendo volume
volume of games and durability you got
to go cartridge and if we're talking
about if we're saying the apocalypse is
happening now so it's like you know for
example I might want to say the switch
you know like the switch that has
cartridges as well as some decent games
to it and potentially has the ability to
have a big back catalog of games but if
we're assuming this is gonna happen now
I'd still say Super Nintendo no modern
consoles you won't be able to log in to
use your games that's true the same goes
for Steam games that's true
I guess you could get away with offline
mode unless something goes wrong and you
need to do something to reinstall
something or other and then you just
have no games how long do you have to
like can you a lifetime I'm talking
about apocalypse the apartment that
wasn't my question
oh sorry my question was going to be is
there a thing on Steam where you have to
login every so many days like every 60
days or whatnot you know like with with
my Adobe editing software I pay a
monthly fee but I can go up to 90 days
without logging in and still use it but
91 days I need to write anything yeah I
think there's some good a time thing
like that with steam so then this is why
this is white whatever I can buy a game
on GOG I buy it on GOG well this is why
is something to keep in mind for our
little thought experiments of a bunker
because yeah we're not gonna have
internet access Oh what this this is
this is why I yeah I'm agreeing I'm
agreeing I'm not I'm not arguing that PC
for that reason might not be the best
choice there's another reason it might
not be the best choice you have to rule
out PC you have to rule out the
PlayStation 3 the Xbox 360 and the
PlayStation 4 and the new Xbox because I
believe all of these things require a
hard drive and that's gonna fail sooner
or later yeah yeah absolutely yes what
just with spin yeah
just spinning your hard drive is gonna
wear out or die sooner or later sooner I
mean you know it could be 20 years but
this is this is forever right
you know Super Nintendo Gameboy it
excuse me Game Boy Advance had a ton of
great games so I might say Game Boy
Advance get an SSD last forever maybe
you don't know and SSDs do not last
forever SSDs actually have a shockingly
small shelf life not shelf life lifespan
you get a limited number of writes read
writes lead writes SSD when you yeah you
don't have the moving parts but don't
there are other issues setting
you players played stoically now
everyone's turned off by that they want
to burn through it quickly a quick fix
for the fickle some tricks for the
cliques of the feckless but that's not
you you're an acrobat you could swallow
a baseball bat
SSDs will last for years though what
normal usage we're talking about
something that has to last you a
lifetime so it's something that has to
last you the epochal this is this is the
games you you bring with you in your
apocalypse bunkers right it can only
mean that you have no respect for Andre
this richness hatred of DRM and edged
weapon always has been
always has been it is razor-sharp your
hatred yep DRM yep razor-sharp miss
Richard wait in yet I'm tell me why so
being in a Star Wars movie
why would I weigh in on that tell me why
so said he wants to direct the Star Wars
movie oh fuck you Tommy Wiseau has said
he wants to direct the Star Wars movie
in which you just say well duh you know
it's the dumbest thing I've ever heard I
hope they do it cuz at least you might
get something interesting he has a new
movie coming out I want him to star
direct in the next Star Wars saga he has
a new movie coming out him and Greg have
a movie together
ya know but they're going for comedy so
it's gonna be terrible oh of course
because people know now yeah people do
people get it he's in the rooms the room
is funny because they were trying to
make drama yes but now he's in on the
joke yeah and he has been for a while
and that's going to make it not funny
Oh rich if you talked about Tarantino
Star Trek a Quinton Tarantino wants to
make a Star Trek and this talks tonight
this happened and we literally have no
information and there's not much more I
can say about it there we talked about
Quentin Tarantino directing Star Trek I
think that's what we said last time what
else do you want man yes I acknowledge
that Quentin Tarantino wants to direct a
Star Trek Patrick Stewart said he'd come
back for it
I don't want to see the next gen cast
come back I don't want to see Captain
Picard in a Tarantino movie yeah that's
not what Captain Picard is yeah anyone
who wants to see that doesn't understand
what Captain Picard is all right so he
could play someone else oh okay sure
yeah yeah that's what and that's why I
didn't say I didn't want to see Patrick
Stewart yeah anyway I'd love to see
Patrick Stewart in a Tarantino movie
just not Captain Picard
[Music]
are we supposed to read tip notes we
just talked about the bunker thing that
was a tip note boom and then I'm reading
the chat to what I want to completely
neglect the chat so doing good Ritchie
doing great
none of the TNG movies were worth
canceling this series no but I think the
series probably ended it at the right
time that last season wasn't that strong
it wasn't terrible and they didn't let
the show go on so long that it would be
terrible I think I think TNG bought out
at the right time the other series
agreed yeah agreed
I agree rich
all right um monkeys cat says hi I
finally watched American vandal yeah a
few times I asked myself why am I
watching this fake true-crime taco about
spray-painted dicks uh-huh
but it held my interest till the end
yeah very worth it all right I agree I
think it's super funny and yeah you glad
you enjoyed it but I could help bring a
little happiness into your life by
recommending something I'm glad that
Jack could do that for you I give just
me no one else oh that's right oh no I
was talking about like the creators the
creator thing to do the creators of the
American vandal had nothing to do with
it it was my recommendation sorry I I
didn't quite get where you're going with
that no Richard Scott original well
mouse mouse wolf rich you almost knocked
the mouse from white out the computer
straight out the underground nope nope
nope nope that's fine that's why and I
don't like this part I could be a little
more precise about it but I think it's
more fun this way
and I also think it's very very
important to have a little fun during
the game you know you got this is one of
the few areas that you can actually like
feel safe kind of jumping around and
being a little nuts with it except for
when you get up to the top here
like that man there you go there you go
just like that we're back up we're back
baby
alright I wish there was a way to like
fling myself I'm sure I'm sure it like
if I was a better player there'd be a
way to like fling myself up here to get
to those boxes you know cuz those boxes
are up there let's try let's try that
out
nope nope sometimes this hammer has a
mind of its own which I know is the
point of the game but I'm looking for
shortcuts here because this area is very
tricky that little slider the slighty du
area is a very tricky area and this area
I think you know like that could be to
get our sessions of sweet silent thought
I summon up um principal past I sigh the
lack of many a thing I saw with old woes
new wail my dear times waste William
Shakespeare sonnet day
you can do this you know like it's the
foundation of eternal peace make anger
your enemy harm comes to those who know
only victory and did not know defeat
find fault with yourself and not without
that it's important short of your own
goals you can deal surpass those who
exceed is Tokugawa Ieyasu please turn
off the narration it's making us
stupider no I like it and I like
listening to him he's got already party
ideas and I like it I like me some art
some art fart she smiled in defeat we
done conquerable eyes Atticus
[Music]
well failure here is a metaphor to learn
for what please resume climbing Rob
double laugh and the world laughs with
you weep and you weep alone for the sad
old earth must borrow it's man that has
trouble a nation's own this area here I
think I'm doing something in Vantage
yeah because up here is where like the
the weird stairs are yeah like right
above me and so I'm trying to this is my
speedrun strat here is like try and leap
up leap up there and and ditch a whole
area but I don't think I can you Pogo
I'll rather than swing up I think I can
get higher by swinging how do you get
from Fogo let's you know what let's try
Oh something like that someone to happen
that way that was a swing now that I'm
all done my heart's call done I can see
that it's a lie the AH came flying rich
how do you feel about the last gen a
hope at the end rate kills Luke and goes
to the dark side and I I'm gonna give a
shit I'm sure we find
[Music]
and in my head I was thinking like if I
had to choose between you know the last
Jedi or what were the last Jedi would
like and I I wouldn't trade the last
Jedi for a single new episode of Rick
and Morty not even a season I would I
would trade it for a single episode
really yeah that's a little but it's not
it's not zero right but still like I
know you like Rick and Morty now but I
just one episode for a whole movie would
you rather have the last Jedi or would
you rather have George Miller direct
another Mad Max another Mad Max Phil no
no no never Mad Max film of course of
course would you rather have the last
Jedi or another season of Star Trek
Enterprise I'll take the last Jedi yeah
I thought you're gonna go cry you're
gonna go crazy there
[Music]
I stand amid the roar of a surf
tormented shore and i hold within my
hand reins of the golden sand how few
yet how they creep through my fingers to
the deep while I weep while I wait nope
nope I say I wanted to go back to you
know like the stable area the area that
I knew how to get through because seem
what a dream a dream
yeah I think I'm all the way down all
the way down
oh that's okay we can do this we can do
this
can I see another's world and not be in
sorrow - and I see another's grief and
not seek relief William Blake that what
is happening my mouse is freaking out
now my mouse is absolutely oh maybe I
pressed one of the sensitivity buttons
on the mouse hold on oh I think I
accidentally pressed one of the
sensitivity buttons on the mouse and it
was officially freaking out no it's fine
this way
all right all right back up we can do
this I'm I have not lost all hope yet
you know because I'm that kind of person
I'm that kind of person it would be
different like QWOP was something that I
couldn't really wrap my head around
co-op was something that I couldn't
necessarily get behind because I just
didn't understand how the legs moved and
so to me the controls were just so
unobtainable that that I I never really
got into it in the end we only regret
the chances we didn't take Lewis Carroll
I struggle with these controls but I
understand them is the difference you
know these controls are so much simpler
it's just just you know just a circle
just you know hello jack my old friend
and like there there is a there is like
a pattern you know like you want to hook
you want to like jump up you want to
like hoist yourself
I'm gonna hoist yourself to like really
get that momentum swinging when you can
really you can move quite fast if you if
you do it right you know which is what
you know like you go through these areas
so many times you're just kind of no
it's kind of know how to get past them
which is nice and wait I got I went way
back down
oh yeah way back down to the bottom I
bet everyone loved that they they seem
to enjoy it they seem to really like my
failure which you know I guess is part
of the fun of the game which is fine I
accept that
I accept that I accept accept my pain as
your entertainment chat maybe should
have that movie you should have your
sick compulsion to watch people fail and
now down further and now rich now down
further we justwe just go backwards
maybe you'll end up at the top if you
try going backwards I I did try that
there is a there is like if you go left
there's a body of water yeah and if you
fall into it you just die okay so I but
I was like oh I bet there's some sort of
secret here maybe I can fling myself far
enough to capture the secret of the
water and I couldn't it's fine
it's the game
be cool about fire safety says hi guys
I've been fired following rlm for two
years and I love everything you do and
by the way watching Jack play games is
one of the most frustrating things ever
great love you both say hello to Mike
and Jake John Baum Tony says great job
also Greg says what's up what's up Greg
I'm a dog hey what's up skillet my home
my home skillet oh my god you are a
popular person today rich is a popular
person today
but you you know
it's fine it's all fine
everything fine everything's fine I'm
gonna have a lot to do tonight though
okay so maybe just three hours straight
okay you just let you let me know when
we gotta go man you let me know
sometimes we start I don't know before
6:00 I think okay okay what's our up
time thank 5:30 I think we started that
could be yeah sometime sometime eight
ish I hate to be a jerk but I've got
some stuff from the plate we just got
some stuff on his plate
[Music]
do you want to call it even earlier no
because I will just go home and play
this game I'm honestly legitimately
obsessed with it I don't know that I
could handle this Jack it's not for
everyone I don't have that much patience
it is not for everyone there are no
regrets in life just lessons
jennifer aniston look there's a tip here
candy for crows agrees with you about a
thing okay about what I think especially
controversial but I say you know don't
read it if you don't want to so yeah
candy for ya all right I don't wanna get
into a whole thing this is not that big
deal it's not a big deal I can't it for
Cara agrees with me that Logan while all
right
you know the movie Logan has some has
some problems I think and and I don't
necessarily understand everyone's
undying affection for the movie Logan
maybe candy crows just trying to keep
that quiet excited want to be out of
it's not like
he's gonna maybe you just threw candy
for crows to the dogs right under the
bus right under the bride under the
goddamn bus cuz that's where I am and I
need some friends under the bus it's
lonely under the bus
can't afford you don't have to read it
out okay did he say or did you say you
don't the implication was pretty strong
there to me I don't know did he say
don't have to or don't oh they said
don't have to okay well then then then
the option to me if he said don't read
it out loud and I accidentally read it
out loud then that's that's my bad
[Music]
dr. Luber table says love knew best of
the worst
holy fuck must surviving edged weapons
trick question
did Star Trek get Dumber when switching
from static starship models that do
nothing to CGI ships that fly all over
the place no Star Trek got Dumber when
they started writing for a more general
audience no that's true I know but I
just like I like like somehow somehow
the the ship moving more has something
so much to do with the dumb writing it's
great that the ships can actually move
around now that's good like Star Trek
went from playing a normal Star Trek
yeah and then you know the the abrams
movies came out and that was Star Trek
for everyone okay which but you know it
still felt a little bit like Star Trek
but yeah it's kind of dumb it was
generic sci-fi yeah it's it's it's not
it's not challenging you philosophically
in any just way shape or form right and
then it's moved on to what it is now
where it actively hates Star Trek
Hey Star Trek for people who don't like
Star Trek is what Star Trek is know so
it's the Batman V Superman of Star
Trek's not to harp Batman but really to
harp on Batman's true blue review says
everyone I've asked about seeing less
Jedi that soft force awakens said
they're obligated to see it not since
they at least want to see where it goes
that's not obligated they want that
means they want to write like that's not
an obligation oh I want to see where it
goes I guess I'm obligated to see it
know that that means you enjoyed the
first one so much that you just want to
see the other one well I I might be
obligated to see it for work right
that's an obligation I see people are
giving you know that's part of my job is
to see it and then talk about it if it
weren't for that it would it would be
why probably rather see throat Ragnarok
and I haven't seen Thor Ragnar let's see
throw right yeah I know I know yeah yeah
man you should see a thor ragnarok well
episode 9 flop because of at like Star
Trek beyond it no because it's the Star
Wars and and that always makes money
because it's a Star Wars and Disney's
kind of knows what they're doing
let's uh you know I have my problems
with rogue one which is which is not a
secret but you know in general I think
people liked it which surprised the hell
out of me to be frank but I think I
think they know what's going on early
early reviews some people have seen it
this is the Star Wars and early reviews
are very positive
nope nope now they know what's going on
that Disney they know what's going on
son of a bitch yeah I can't stand James
Franco why not I what I do want to see
ya disaster artist you haven't seen that
yet I haven't had time to them sure
you've been you've been rather busy
lately um yeah obviously I hear very
good things I haven't seen it because I
haven't seen the room but that's one I
am going to find the time to go watch it
it's at the Oriental right now is it
I'll say it doesn't really have a wide
release for some reason it's it's a
niche biopic about about a niche movie
like no that does not have a wider
release yeah you got to go to the art
house theaters to see that one why it's
a niche movie about a niche movie niche
it's a niche movie about a niche movie
that is that is not going to be at like
your Cineplex is probably at your mega
plexes the disaster artist is the whole
reason why art house cinemas still exist
I wasn't going to have a 1600 screen
release but the last minute that pulled
it down to 700
I wonder if doesn't Disney didn't have a
hissy fit Star Wars is coming out we
want all those screams who star was well
you heard that right was that was that
the actual reason well that's I don't
know if that's why the disaster artist
pulled screams but Star Wars started
demanding X amount of screens for X
amount of time and pulling money away
from you know usually in the first week
of release like theater owners get a
certain percentage of cut and Disney
says you don't get that big of a
percentage the first week and theater
owner said because you know you're
Disney and you have every movie ever
that people still go out to the theaters
to see how do you feel about anyone
that's Penn's we're talking about the
actual person or the movie about him cuz
the movies great yeah I'm great I'm not
particularly that fond of like plan 9
though what it was at the time like I
get it I get what people love it mm-hmm
I get why people who like bad movies
like it because you know it was the
proto so bad it's good oh sure it has a
place Star Wars is no longer about Star
Wars it's about selling merchandise 100%
dream liquor welcome to the fucking
party it's been that way for 30 years
welcome to Star Wars that's nothing new
that's been since the fucking beginning
[Laughter]
Star Wars Star Wars ok so some people
might not know this because you know if
they're younger right Star Wars is the
movie that invented the commercial
tie-in George Lucas that was part of his
contract for distribution was I get all
of the toy rights if you think the
original trilogy was all about integrity
I have one word for you
Ewok
[Laughter]
the whole the whole God sting movie was
all about the toys don't let it get you
but also let it get you a little bit
many times it's Star Wars been
re-released and Star Wars is just about
the money no I miss the old days and
Star Wars was just about the money man
you know what bothers me about
modern-day sports it's like they don't
care about the player's health at all uh
it used to be so much better do you
remember the Star Wars II you the old
Star Wars in you or George Lucas would
just rubber-stamp every shitty idea they
had to crank out another book the whole
extended universe that got wiped out
because it was so good shot E and crappy
because they just cranked out shit for
money yeah I remember that yeah weird
weird I think so
wanna make a buck the bunny he walks for
skull all right what's uh what's my
percentage of the residuals okay okay oh
man people Star Wars is just about the
money when I write a book about how
Jabba the Hutt was Han Solo's father all
right but uh but uh maybe he could have
another son and we could call him shark
oh but but George what about that other
book you greenlit where where where
Lando Calrissian was Han Solo's father
we're gonna have a third book later on
that explains the discrepancy George
you're brilliant brilliant George
playing four-dimensional hand is not old
enough to be Han Solo's father Oh
the wine was not a human he's an alien
race off a glom Devon and they they live
for thousands of years well that's my
vision truly a man beyond star wars had
so much integrity back in the day
before before I give you my okay for
this how many light sabers every one of
Windows race wears a blue shirt and a
cape that's waste it's very insensitive
we I just like I like the idea of
jerseys were saying that for like anyone
who questions what people are great
people are great
because Star Wars just sold out now I
know I know it's crazy isn't it it's
like the actual Star Wars fans are just
catching up
[Music]
[Music]
future future J says I think we can all
agree that the best part of another Star
Wars movie is the inevitable half in the
bag episode and blinkin review maybe we
won't do it whoa I kind of like to be
that guy who just doesn't bother with
Star Wars yeah the next one I think
there's enough people like on the
internet who will cover it well you
could just take it out like you guys got
this one Internet there's gonna be so
many people covering the new Star Wars
where you can let's take a take a break
yes there's there's movies I more that I
haven't gone to see Yeah right just take
this one off rich like like you know
Mike and Jay they're doomed oh yeah I
might be able to weasel out of it I
don't know maybe I was lucky looks like
it'll be a decent movie why sit it out
though looks decent it doesn't look
amazing I my height levels are low like
I said I want to see thor ragnarok more
and I haven't seen that yet and you
should see thor ragnarok it's pretty
good right if I could go to I had to go
to you know go to a movie tonight I
could see either the force oh not the
force awakens the last Jedi yeah or the
disaster artist yeah I'm choosing the
disaster artist no one here will will be
upset with you because I'm sure they all
want to know what you think about the
disaster artist too
whoa
pain is an element of blanked him it
cannot recollect when it began or if
there were a day when it was not it has
no future but its soul it's infinite
realms contain its past enlighten to
perceive new periods Emily Dickinson
what expectation he fails and most oft
where most it promises and oft it hits
where hope is coldest and despair most
since William Shakespeare all's well
that ends well
doing grain rich we're doing great
we're doing great we're doing great you
do it jack you do it do you guys ever
get invited to press screenings no no
Jay was telling me they used to like JX
it was it was telling me he used to go
to press screenings before or half in
the bag was a thing yeah he just found
out where they were he found out where
they were holding them you know I think
the with press screenings now they
actually just send out screeners I don't
even think they have like a public
showing anymore huh
I don't I but I don't know how or until
you contended anonymous says my legacy
will continue long after this bloated
disgusting body ceases to work okay all
right good luck breena's god says early
streams and rich and Lucas impression on
Bravo game 16 and could you keep you hot
in one day I don't know I think this is
not a game for everyone but I dig it so
much I'm legitimately not like overly
frustrated whenever I fail because I
know it was my fault you know like the
controls are there the controls are
there you just got to get it
you just have to be master of your own
destiny I do think though the like I was
saying the touch controls on the iPhone
I think are are I got too used to that
because I've been playing this on my
iPhone do you think there's any chance
at all but the Phantom Menace review had
a hand in shaping my force awakens
script there are some oddly specific
things I don't know what look at the
very least at the very least the force
awakens is a huge fucking improvement
over the prequels oh god yeah I don't
hate the force awakens just I'm not
super into it but I think that's the
franchise more than the movie hmm
yeah and it's hard to say like what what
effects what you know did someone during
the writing process you know watch or
before they wrote the movie watch that
review or like knew someone who talks
about that review or you know or did did
that review inspire someone to make a
different thing that the writer watched
you know or it's entirely possible they
just watched attack of the clones and
said we have to do everything different
see this not this do you think we can do
that do you think we could do not this
so oh yeah we do not this may erase ooh
though oh whatever
fuck you it's a children's fantasy
series yeah the protagonist has been a
Mary Sue fuck you fuck you that's I like
I'm so sick of that Optimus Prime is
Ameri sooo bitches about that Luke
wasn't Mary Sue alright Luke wasn't Mary
Sue there was that there was someone who
made a Mary Sue thing the other day on
the Twitter and and it struck me as so
correct that no one no one would ever
bitch okay so Luke Luke Skywalker yeah
he shows up he shows up to the rebellion
headquarters and he goes hey you guys
I'm a pretty good pilot I I hate
rodents with my gun on my desert planet
and they go come and join our big attack
I'm gonna play some devil's advocate
play it just a little bit of devil's
advocate my friend
they are the rebellion they might be
more desperate than pilots then like the
actual imperial forces established yeah
but didn't they make him like a squad
leader wasn't he gold leader red leader
was he red leader I don't remember I
don't remember either but wasn't wasn't
um what's his name his friend Porkins
net Porkins the one I got they got cut
out of the movie wasn't he the leader oh
you might have been I don't know all I'm
saying is like I think that MarySue talk
has done has done no good at Lucas Biggs
Thank You chat big wasn't Biggs wrote
red leader they're saying Luke was read
five okay what I'm saying is Luke Luke
came into this situation as a guy who
could hit rats with a blaster and they
said yeah fly fly the ship we're gonna
but we're about to make our big attack
on the Death Star the thing we've been
you know the biggest scourge come on in
that's a point but just for the sake of
playing devil's advocate no I love your
devil's advocate argument yeah I think
that's that makes perfect sense
but as far as like Mary suing
[Laughter]
as far as Mary suing is concerned that's
where I have a problem ray is the hero
of the story of course she's gonna be
the best at everything
who the fuck isn't when they're the hero
of the story we actually see Luke learn
the force and sabers and all bad - who
the fuck cares
stupid guys are stupid it took him a day
to learn that shit yeah he trained with
Yoda he trained with Yoda for three days
and he's a Jedi Master fuck it fuck it
all that shit is stupid all that all
that MarySue shit is stupid you you can
make the argument that rain knowing how
to use a lightsaber has less to do with
the force magically making her not to
use the lightsaber yeah as it does her
living alone on a planet full of
drifters and thieves and bandits and
having to fend for herself right like
Luke Luke trained Luke as a farmer Luke
as a farmer Rey was raised alone she
wasn't raised just survived alone yes
planted wheat fending for herself we
sear a fight before any training meaning
she knows how to fight yeah boom
yeah I just I just don't care that much
a phrase a bit of Mary Sue I just don't
I think it's I think it's I think it's a
bullshit thing that people that people
say when they don't like I think I think
a lot of it has to do with just people
being upset about the new movie or a new
direction they're going or more you know
a more family-friendly direction or
Abraham's or you know whatever they're
channeling their frustration in the
wrong area like you know you want to
talk about it being a little lighter
tone you want to you want to talk about
like the JJ Abrams back-and-forth quippy
dialogue valid argument yep
and so I think people are channeling
their anger into the wrong direction and
he was terrible couldn't even defeat the
Emperor Luke was terrible
all right all right what is raised major
food why is why is Rey a better Jedi
than Luke was at that point what am i er
people saying because she beat kylo Ren
will she be Keller in doing what
happened to kylo Ren right before that
duel he got shot in the gut with the
wookie Bona and he was bleeding to death
yeah and then he fought Poe no I mean
yeah wasn't much of a fight all right
you got tired eyes I think the bleeding
to death is enough you know yeah she was
fighting a man who was literally shot in
the kidney yeah she she had a slight
advantage training training aside she
had a slight advantage
they use force powers like mind control
without any training how do you know
that means training who the fuck cares
how the fuck do you know that needs
training space Wizards God the forces
are stupid it is space wizards what's
important in my space wizard movie is
that they're consistent with their
training montages that was what I feel
makes or breaks it also I like it when
they fly spacious how do I look learned
that I don't recall Luke learning the
Jedi mind-trick in the one day he spent
training with Yoda and he uses it Return
of the Jedi no he saw he saw obi-wan use
it once he saw everyone use it once and
that's it now he knows it fine
everything's fine ah he's a Jedi but not
Rea fuck you and your fucking fucks
fuck all the Fox man wait no he doesn't
Luke Luke totally uses the Jedi mind
trick on that what's his name
the helper in Jabba's palace yeah yeah
yeah Jabba scolds him for falling for
Luke's Jedi Mind trend then he tries to
use it on job on job a less remember
yeah yeah that's in the movie but we
never sealer Luke learn it and there's
it's not like there's a plethora of Jedi
around to train him yet somehow Luke
figured it out and in the third movie
when he said his most powerful with one
day of formal training at that point
there is only one Jedi Master alive and
Luke spent a day with him and yet he's
at his most powerful in Return of the
Jedi
alright fine whatever but Ray is
horrible Ray's horrible just just a Mary
Sue because she beat up a man who was
bleeding oh just a Mary Sue July 30th
but we need to see them training or I
can't take it seriously
that's why rogue one it's so good I can
finally take Star Wars no excuse me I
have to put together my Lego set but
it's the grown-up Lego set and I know
it's grown-up because it cost $500 that
what does that new fall could cost like
I got it on fail you flex get your shit
together we're talking about fun movies
here to watch movies don't take the 4:3
it's doing the space magic wrong you
know what I think would be cool in the
last Jedi if they explained like how
people got the force like maybe it was a
little bug inside them
maybe they could do a blood test I think
that'd be cool cuz then it's like you do
a blood test to see if you're Jed I'm
new people new people I love you I love
you wacky you wacky chat ooh there it is
OOP there it is alright alright alright
alright
whoa I finished I finished dark by the
way you remember I was talking about
that that was the the time-travel murder
mystery the German time travel murder
mystery show on Netflix oh yeah yeah
finish that pretty good overall very
with with no spoilers it's a very German
ending oh it's a very German ending life
is suffering and then you die I'm just
gonna hold my tongue on that one very
nihilist but overall really good and
really good stuff that dark show
definitely a scratch you know because
it's like bit sci-fi bit stranger things
bit twin peaks' time travel and it's
it's nice it definitely scratched a
sci-fi itch for me which is good which
is good
and over the weekend I also nihilist
yeah also over the weekend I watched the
psych movie yeah they brought you know
maybe they made a movie they brought
back all the characters and it's not
very good
I love psych the show psych I think I'd
like if I needed some background noise I
could just pop that on because it's
beautiful you know fun characters good
detective Ishii oh right this was an app
this was nothing but pure fanservice for
an hour okay to its detriment alright
don't don't TV show reunion movies tend
to have a bad track record like it's
hard for even do we think of any like
what Gilligan's Island or my time and
the Munsters do it I don't know but
other shows have done this oh sure and I
think it's usually just fanservice yeah
I remember these turn yeah remember this
yeah I don't know I I guess and I like I
was expecting a like I was expecting a
good chunk of fanservice but I was still
expecting a psych story like yeah the
detectives and they're still gonna do
this thing right but no it was just
fanservice
there was barely a story there was
barely a mystery just he had some fun
stuff from other episodes bummed me out
a little bit I was looking forward to it
rich reaching back decades before his
birth here unless he's much older than
he pretends to be rich is by 87 I grew
up with a little thing called reruns
they used to they used to air old shit
all the time
before Netflix before Netflix you you
would you if they would actually just
air all the stuff for free on your
television all the old episodes you
couldn't choose which episode you
watched either it was a it was a tough
time
you just had to like watch whatever was
on the TV watching Get Smart on TV a
decade after it was cancelled what
before Netflix why didn't you just watch
it on YouTube
damnit this part gets me more than any
other part getting up this stupid cavern
before TV lamb was a thing that was Nick
at night I guess I haven't thought about
it I suppose Nick at night is gone by
now
I think it's replaced by its own things
became TV lamb yeah yeah yeah it's his
own channel now yeah and who knows if
that channel is even still around yeah
rich can you ask Jack if he has tried
the game with a controller I don't think
you can play the game with a controller
I don't know I have no idea
the answer is he has not I have not I
guess because I I don't think you can
play the game with a controller I'll be
honest with you chat singing someone in
the chat is saying you can't I can't
imagine how this would work with the
controller fuck fuck fuck it's the
prereq record for the least progress
made in a game ever weren't you guys
here for the original Dark Souls
playthrough I don't even think we made
it to the first boss doesn't know jack
has made it a lot further than this he
just fell down and came back yeah
no that's the game that's the game I
will say like I said I also I also have
this game for my iPhone and I do think
overall it plays better with touch
controls or that's just how like I've
been playing it and so maybe I just feel
like it plays better with touch controls
there we go
there we go now we got past it it's fine
it's fine
letting loose rich OOP there it is whoo
now we're now we're now we're up all
right and we're back Namah says the
definition of insanity watching Jack
play the same section of getting over it
over and over again and expecting the
same result Wow oh my god it's alright
I've made that I've got that trigger
phone I thought I made that before but
not yet now we're getting to the danger
zone again
well why do you try that staircase
shortcut again that it seems like you're
not in danger of falling all the way to
the beginning the hour you can just skip
that whole bit min bid that would be
great I just I'm not sure you did it
once you know what's possible well like
I barely got onto the edge of it once
Emily Dickinson you know like here-ish
my get close the pain in knowing you
hoof it once I shut the pain oh he's
hunched it I don't know if I hooked it
but through all this I feel you you know
like I can see like a sigh all right I
agree like there's less there's less
danger of me falling all the way back
down yeah but who I just don't know if
it's doable
try Pogo okay I'm crushing your dreams
and dashing your hopes you're climbing a
mountain with a hammer and no ropes
maybe mountain seems no more a soulless
thing but rather as a shape of ancient
fear in darkness and the winds of chaos
born amid the Lord less heavens that no
it's less a presence crouched enormous
in a steer before whose feet the mighty
waters born George sink
I got a like build up a little momentum
start like here like hope oh you know
like do one of those ok ok that's my
that's my thought
it's if I can like oh wait wait wait
wait wait wait wait wait too much
and I think I just got it I just got to
do it the way it's the way it's intended
oh shit a little stock chef I know not
what spider-man trailer you're talking
about
oh yeah the the spider-verse trailer
what does this looks a little badass I
don't know if you'll be into it okay
Sony if you remember a long time ago
Sony said they were making a Miles
Morales spider-man okay okay what we've
discovered when the trailer dropped it's
not just Miles Morales
it's the spider-verse shit Oh Peter
Parker's in it all the spider-man from
different dimensions coming together and
the art style and animation look fucking
awesome all right and here's the
important part rich maybe not for you
I'm stuck rich I'm stuck I'm like
legitimately stuck it's way over in
jewelry you can do it oh here we go all
right I'm not stuck anymore here's the
important part as far as I'm concerned
is Lord and Miller are producing and and
where Lord Miller are working on it and
Lord Miller makes some good shit and it
looks dope as fuck as far as I'm
concerned I don't I don't care about
alternate universe spider-man yeah but
it's like I don't want them wasting my
screen time yeah you're crazy it's gonna
look great
it's gonna be great we're gonna get some
cool spider-man action I think the
animation looks cool I'm I'm excited I'm
excited I want I want spider-man noir to
be in there just cuz I think he looks
cool yeah I want spider-man's from
different dimension altogether but it
looks dope
I care about Peter porker it looks cool
I'm a little hype I'm a little hype it's
what but what they're saying this guy
looks like Putin maybe I mean just
because he's shirtless doesn't mean he
not every shirtless dudes Putin do you
think there's social commentary with
like the hammer and the pot there might
be
Oh funny the fourth time I'm sorry