Episode 915
That's a Big Twinkie (part 2)
December 20, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b0fGc_WO1Yc
___________________________________________

oh oh I get to go first Winston all
right kicks the door open it moves out
of the way it's perfect I'm not sure if
they said for comedy if that was sure if
that was just that what the player needs
to go first that's great though I
suppose if they did it on purpose there
there might have been a lying well why
don't you go first right but either way
it works yeah Winston is not stupid
right she sends the new guy there's a
way that's what you're here for
there's a reason Winston has been around
for so long you're like the 18th new guy
I'll show that shit in the movies
like like a spinal tap two drummers just
a montage of all the new guys dying to
ghosts I would kind of love that
close up the portals do it
Kellogg's Brown flakes is why do people
hate Winston Winston is cool
people who hate Winston are dumb Winston
works great in ghostbusters
all I've said about Winston yeah is
unfortunately for Winston he is the
straight man yes and that makes him the
most replaceable off of the group while
that is true he also has a very solid
purpose the original yes he does but you
could replace him with a lot of other
people who are also straight men sure
and it wouldn't change much that's true
that's true
a hypothetical situation the main cast
every one of the original cast they're
still alive yeah but you have to replace
one of the Ghostbusters it's when is
there any Hudson it's already Hudson yes
get Zac Ephron in there he'll be fine
he's a fine care he's just he's the
straight man yeah
agree agree
wasn't he originally gonna be played by
Eddie Murphy yeah they changed their
plans no and he I mean he plays the paw
he plays the part great Ernie Hudson but
I could see someone just being like oh
man those three ghostbusters are super
fun and great and then there's just as
normal guy but I think that's people not
understanding his purpose in the movie
you know be the normal guy yeah
okay at the blook prison this obviously
is a question for rich are you spooked
from this game apparently no this gave
us some fun spookiness we don't think
too seriously but it's spooky there's a
place it for some quests at ghostbusters
Tony in this game that's good
where the characters are silly but the
situation's take them the ghosts take
themselves seriously as ghosts they're
demons
yeah but the care of the Ghostbusters
themselves there are silly people in
horrific yeah I was thinking about the
Ghostbusters recently because I think I
finally figured out this is gonna segue
slightly away from the Ghostbusters but
still the generally intact I was
thinking to myself recently about the TV
show Dirk gently's holistic detective
agency which is a TV show that I'm still
currently watching and mostly in John
Maxis show maximum mr. max indecision I
think overall it's a pretty good show
but something that has always
earthed me but I've never been able to
fully understand why it's earth me is at
is Dirk is the character of York gently
in the show and something was always off
about the way the actor portrayed dirt
or the way he was written or just you
know something generally but I could
never put my finger on and it actually
got me thinking about Ghostbusters yeah
in the Dirk Gently books Dirk is
basically the Ghostbusters yeah
he's not anything special or magical
he's just a guy who understands that
extra-dimensional paranormal stuff is
real and exploits it for his benefit
okay that's it he's just like oh yeah
there is all of this stuff in the world
that is that is beyond our comprehension
and I
kinda know about some of it so I'm going
to use that to take people's money and I
really like that about lead Dirk Gently
character in the books but in the show
he is portrayed very different he is
portrayed as someone who is hyper
optimistic and in tune with the universe
and has a magical power right and it
made me like the show because I was
thinking about how much I preferred a
book writer gently over show dirt Enya
there's so many good things about the
show Elijah Wood is fantastic a lot of
the supporting cast is really good it
has it has big and unique off-the-wall
like sci-fi ideas and I like that not
not even science fiction just like
science fantasy just like out there but
it's all good except for it still acts
me that dirt is not the dirt that I need
and you know obviously like yeah they
wanted to do their own take on it anyway
never read the books whatever like
strange because I like well most of them
and I've been riveted really you like
Dirk Gently I do like Turk just weird
i-i've read bits of The Hitchhiker's
books you know like they have like
little chunks that are out there and
I've always liked them I just never got
around to it okay so
oh I like that hey whoa so one could say
that I'm worked by Dirk's quirks I like
that Emma and and flem yes I am saying
that Douglas Adams's is a better writer
than Maxwell I'm gonna put that out
there guilt-free so it was just one of
those things
yeah but see a good writer or just a guy
that had some is he a storyteller I
don't know the douglas adams is a
storyteller his books the good ones read
like just stream-of-consciousness weird
stuff and you know what that's why I've
been able to just take snippets of The
Hitchhiker's Guide books because yeah
they do kind of feel like unorganized
snippets what I can tell you is the at
and very least the first Dirk Gently
book is a very good story well it has it
has some good weird sci-fi ideas that's
really well put together so I guess I
will say he's a good a good story
I'm here need some help
hi aim high aim high rich have you seen
Syfy's The Magicians if yes what do you
think I'm they're taking the metaphor if
I have not do you like yes or no
yes so if so check the box I've not seen
the magician's it looks I've seen
advertisements for the magician's
because I watch other shows on sci-fi
and what it looks like is a is Harry
Potter fanfiction for if the kids from
Harry Potter went to a sexy college and
got all sexy and so I said that sells
Jack like that the kids like magic and
those kids are growing up give them some
magic sex it looked like something not
necessarily for me there's inevitably
Harry Potter porn out I have to take Oh
Oh God inevitable so much I'm sure oh
I'm in fact so dear god so much but no
so no I have not seen the magician Harry
Potter rapist wand had said or nihei III
bet if if we did a quick Google search
we could find no less than 100
pornography filled fan fictions that
started with Harry putting on the
invisibility cloak and going into the
girls bathroom string that's the start
of every like that's a hundred at least
right I'm sure there is there is Harry
Potter pornography that comes in all
flavors Harry Hermione Ron Hermione
Harry Ron Hermione and a clone of
Hermione I'm sure that exists all over
all of its out there
I'm not really worrying about collecting
your stuff right now but I think I think
I've got everything upgraded oh yeah
yeah Jack there are more than three
characters in Harry Potter I I don't
I've only seen the movies I've probably
seen the movies I'm not that invested in
the world of Harry Potter but I'm sure
that Harry Potter fanfic is so extensive
there are more than a dozen very active
websites like very active daily updates
on more than a dozen websites dedicated
to things and an org and guv
like there is a government agency
dedicated to cataloging all the
absolutely
to a Dumbledore Snape Dumbledore
McGonagall Dumbledore Snape McGonagall
all of them is that how you search the
characters and just in check boxes who
would you like in your pornography
filled fanfic oh yeah what about what
about Ron and McGonagall oh yeah some
Gil faction I gotta go to character
sounds like the Simpsons joke I think
McGonagall is is the old lady witch but
I don't know if that's her real name is
McGonagall her name Professor McGonagall
you can do rich is thinking of her
baffle
no is there a fake detective show where
they had a character called magar Nicole
we were like a police chief yelling at
Sunday though I gotta go there's
something like that
Oh so there's Maga Nicole and the
Simpsons did McGonagall McGonagall okay
this is what they're saying but but
there is a Professor McGonagall in Harry
Potter okay it sounds like a fake name
it sounds like a fake Harry Potter name
rich it's one it is a fake name because
Harry Potter's fake but you know what I
mean
don't give me that shit you know what
that I mean that's very like you never
you never know I don't I don't recall
the solution I'll work out let's see
here the ghost of Nick yeah it's down
that's wrong who did the what now
okay there there is a jingle bells'
parody that the ghost of Nick would like
me to sing and I was just trying to get
the the rhythm right rehashed youtube me
they're called December's day and so
wedding new hack fraud sings blankets
gay forge a link kids gave Forge a
stream tips make Jack sing except when
he's a clown rich has disdain for final
fantasy when his sister comes to town Oh
jingle bells
Josh beards Josh's beard smells B OTW on
the switch everything can be an edged
weapon that your mother's up bitch that
doesn't quite work the ghost yeah
they're drunk look it doesn't third one
fit I'll be honest with you
maybe I'm singing it wrong I didn't get
it I didn't get the rhythm you were
looking for you needed to break up your
sentences in a more coherent fashion and
I'm done thank you the ghost of Nick for
your tips
that was awful I'm so sorry I'm so sorry
that I did an awful job
that's kind of this is the part so let's
see here let's move on that because that
was embarrassing for everyone not just
me gobbledygook says Netflix is working
on a new Shira cartoon for 2018 citing
to the success of wonderful sightings as
x4 wonderful one that now is the right
time for female superheroes rich would
you ever dress in drag to play a female
space cop so if you decided that you
know you wanted to cash in on this
female superhero things space cop - I
need a lot of money up front
absolutely hey if you pay him in cash
like a lot for for space cup - space
cops a girl
no packs is climb I'm not caught up on
tips I'm still catching up and I'm far
from catching up because it took me a
while to sing jingle bells I'm talking
about that but I am working on it what
you're saying is jingle bells burger I
just ruined to me but packs is prime I
see your tip it's coming up don't worry
I will get to it boss battles really
need the Ghostbusters theme does I love
that they use the Elmer Bernstein score
through most of this game that the boss
battles yeah really need the
Ghostbusters theme is the theme anywhere
in the game it's 30 seconds at the
beginning they might not have I'm almost
guessing they didn't have the rights and
they well wasn't there was a lawsuit
after the after the movie right Louis
yeah because it sounded just like
fucking Huey Lewis no it doesn't yes no
back them back they don't sound that
alike it sounds just like the thing he
made for for fucking back to the future
no it sounds supposedly the song they're
suggesting it says it sounds like wasn't
I wanted a drug doesn't sound like power
love are you kidding me power love or
maybe I was thinking the future yeah
gonna go back in time to Dan at Danna
dananana dananana no no no that sounds
like back in time well the song he
claimed they were ripping off was I
wanna do drug oh yeah yeah I think that
I maybe I'm misremembering song but I do
remember hearing the back-to-back
comparison and they're pretty damn tight
it ain't no Ice Ice Baby verses under
pressure well that was no that was a
sample that was a whole different thing
that is you know what absolutely that
was absolutely a giant load of crap
don't fuck up you gun you got him right
here Egon don't get stuck in the wall
you got oh he's stuck in the wall he's
stuck in the wall you're dead oh wait
wait oh fuck up he turned around just in
time to die sorry rich sorry let's see
here huh farted it says good evening
gentlemen
as ones who appreciate b-movies do you
think the same ideas can be applied to
songs I would submit that Christmas
shoes is so ridiculously bad it's
entertaining the toilet to listen huge
music line the human being yeah that's
more of a question remember that
question next time Josh but as far as
can a song be so bad it's good the
answer is obviously yes a silly song
that is just ridiculous and maybe a
little bit bad but you still enjoy it
absolutely to tell I'm less convinced a
song that you could like a song that you
could enjoy ironically yeah
unfortunately you're correct let's do it
it looks like the movement of those
spheres is stabilizing the no it's the
crash-test gremlin it's different than a
parody song like Weird Al makes a parody
song it's not so bad
he who blinks has a good suggestion
before a so bad it's a good song but I'm
gonna put a little copy out on that
which is Rebecca Black's it's Friday do
you remember that yeah yeah so that song
is so bad it's good but I think a lot of
that had to do with the also so bad it's
a good video that went a long way if you
just heard the Friday song you might not
have the same reaction as seeing the
horrible video that accompanied it you
know I'm saying very hard to say not
having heard the video heard the music
heard the song without seeing the video
right I don't know that I could put
myself in that mindset
I just have to pick some fucking long
who's the black dude she was rolling
with that was the producer of the song
and he ran a scam business now I didn't
run a scam business he here Anna he ran
a business writing and producing songs
for rich kids so their parents could say
hey for your birthday you can make a
song in a real music video you can be
you know like a cool pop song and I
think it was supposed to be more like a
just a thing that the kid and parents
showed to their friends once and then
everyone forgot about where she's
supposed to be you take this to the
record producers I'm showing them what
you can do
oh it could've been that too that was my
assumption I had always assumed it was
like it was like for your 16th birthday
we're gonna make the music video with
mommy I want to be a star you think I
mean they wouldn't surprise me
yes KPI like I like the way you put that
escaping once as fantasy trips more like
you know a date camp well you know you
go you make a music video you make a
song it's all cute and it's a cute thing
that you can share
but then you know it's just one of those
things that they put up on the YouTube
page to get more clients and the winters
like how it does party bazooka says are
you sure it wasn't a wedlock in a
deadlock I am sure about that the joke
was wedlock sounds a little too close to
the dead ponies great joke it's a joke I
love
oh my god leggy a plastic face when you
fall over is almost frightful you're
dead you're dead plastic face when you
fall over oh shit
this is game any good yeah I'm not too
picky
I'm not sir particular on this fight
though I think yeah like yeah you've
said this before work just like just for
the dialogue along well I don't think
it's a terrible day it's not perfect I
said this fight yeah
catching ghosts is generally fun though
just like some things like gargoyles
like you don't really necessarily want
to capture them but you can like catch
them in the stream just slamming them in
the ground to break them some neat ideas
this game has for ghostbusters combat Oh
three more TK I know I know you're
joking but it's an incorrect joke
dreamer TK is I'm sure a joke because he
has little kappa faces only female
character equals secretary sexist are
you forgetting about the female lead of
the movie fucking Sigourney Weaver
stress but you know what she did have a
full character yeah like she wasn't just
a girl who gets kidnapped you knew who
she was and what she did and what she
wanted
she had a carrot also she's great but
asbestos what do you want you believe in
demons the paranormal the theory of
Atlantis hired go she's great
we got one what I'm saying is Dana Dana
as a character even though she was you
know the love interest and the damsel in
distress was a complete character she
was not just tits who gets kidnapped yes
yes leftover beeping that is one of the
best lines picking up or dropping off
when the cops show up a posse looks she
looks too different though what they do
with her hair it's fine no I mean my
face doesn't look great game ruined 0
out of 10 members
grid again again just like by the way I
would watch a Potts movie yes just like
a secretary taking weirdo jobs at a
bunch of different weirdo businesses
just a Janine movie just like sassy like
like a temp she has a bunch of temp jobs
at a bunch of weirdos startups I mean
kind of love that taking off on my own
oh that's another great line of hers I'm
very psychic about paintings I'm very
psychic about things I think you're
gonna die anyway what do we got here
what we got here a son of crapped ins
the sony is reporting loss on its movie
division duh do you guys think it's
possible they will sell it to Disney
would Disney then remake Ghostbusters
what about possible crossovers with the
Ghostbusters universe
I am conflicted with my being more
comfortable if Disney has full control
over the spider-man movie rights vs. my
not wanting to see Disney have a
complete monopoly on all of fucking pop
culture the Fox deal I mean they have
they fucking on everything now here's
Disney is becoming dangerously large I'm
gonna I'm gonna go go out on a limb here
and say I think that Disney gobbling up
all the intellectual property in the
world is a bad it's making me
uncomfortable yes and they're already
asserting their pressure with Star Wars
theater owners were reporting that
Disney was making them put Star Wars on
more screens yeah and Disney wasn't
giving them
as big of a cut which is going to end up
as a stir baiting if I'm using that word
correctly the crisis that theater owners
are going through right now with not
making enough money to keep theatres
open because of lack of interest I I
know we're talking to doom and gloom
right now but I'm gonna I'm gonna go
away just for a second briefly oh thank
you for whoever band Ratt monger get
that dick head out of here spoiler huh
spoiler no I made it they made it they
made a Jew joke so Disney I'm gonna 180
go a little bit light for a second okay
something I thought about after I heard
about the Fox merger yeah do you suppose
that they're gonna start just for no
particularly good reason throwing the
Fox logo into the opening of Star Wars
movies is the old school think they're
gonna just go old school and just throw
that in there for no good reason just
because they can just to do it because
they can they'd be funny
kinder soup absolute ones absolutely but
that first of all that would be really
funny that's how all Star Wars starts
and it was a little weird not seeing
yeah for for the force awakened I agree
I agree but
to bring it back to serious the you know
the nerd side of you is really welcoming
of them getting the rest of Marvel
movies like oh hey they're gonna maybe
maybe we can get a good x-men movie
maybe we can get a good Fantastic Four
movie hey
they make good movies so like yeah let's
give them these stuff but they didn't
just get them they got so many IPs and
they're gobbling up more and more and it
is becoming dangerous I'm closer to the
end that I've got how else no okay good
I thought those last two levels were
long busy the hotel and the the slime
castle train comes in longer oh well
because I'm going through the mouths and
I am NOT bangs oh it's far easier to get
through these sections
so the the the the there's not literally
nothing that rich and I can do about
Disney buying everything in its path but
I do think that it is dangerous yeah and
that even though as moviegoers Disney
makes good movies they do sure sure it's
just it's still them owning everything
and asserting that kind of power over
theater owners is dangerous to other
movies as Warner Brothers the last gem
and their Infinity Gauntlet right right
like you joked about that a couple weeks
ago them buying Warner Brothers and
getting the rights to DC and they just
got their eyes and for some reason
wanted III want to see now a
photoshopped image of Thanos with the
glove yeah it just got like the you know
the two gems on it's got one gem and in
the gem it says Lucasfilm the other gem
it says Fox exist of course somebody
send me a link I want to see that image
yeah get us that get us a link to that
what doesn't disney on these is well and
see you know it's it's all well and good
if you're just watching the movies it's
all well and good but what disney is
going to start doing is edging out the
smaller competition which means less
movies are going to be made that aren't
disney movies and this is actually why
we should be very happy about things
like is it and don't cram did you get it
for us even as a mickey mouse face thank
you guys thank you so you know the
things that we are looking towards is
stuff like Netflix original movies and
amazon has been making their own
original content which is great because
these are the people that will be
fighting the wars on the front line
against Disney's takeover
and Disney with a past merger already
has like a controlling share in Hulu and
I know you know Disney has been talking
about getting their own streaming
service for a while now but they'll
probably just end up taking over Hulu
and having like a Disney Plus I
associate hooli would excessive ads yeah
yeah that's fine if they were smart
they'd rebrand that's very possible
Hulu is easy to remember though that's
right Disney owns the or will Disney
will own the Simpsons I don't think the
merger has gone through yet right it
might it might actually need government
approval I think it does because they
are they're too powerful I last I heard
I think they're waiting like eight
months or so I think it'll be like eight
months before they get government
approval yeah I built I believe it it's
getting dangerously close to the one
ring to rule them all territory is that
WB is that Universal because do they own
Lord of the Rings that I just made that
joke for the one rings joke but I'm not
sure what the right situation those who
owns the movie rights to the Lord of the
Rings who made that might not be any big
studio it might have been spinel
okay oh no that's WB okay well at least
we'll get Lord of the Rings Lord of the
Rings is still with WB do they actually
own the right stores I just got a deal
to make those specific movies oh sure
yeah rights are actually in the hands of
a god the total Minister yeah well I was
just more concerned with like who maybe
it's like now now does Disney have like
a shoe in the door and we're getting
that we're getting that shit we're
getting this shit that's our shit now
see that shit that's our shit now - I'm
gonna get fucking everything yeah they
absolutely are consumed I am the mouse
who ensues
no WB has Harry Potter - right
isn't that WB that's it Harry Potter I'm
gonna be honest with you have no idea
this is the question I want to say I
remember that WB logo before the Harry
Potter movies oh is that a haunted a
haunted balloon on a month
yes WP okay so you know what actually
then WB has decent leg to stand on they
have the film rights for Harry Potter
okay so they're gonna be good for a
little bit okay just make make a million
more Harry Potter movies then you might
have enough capital to compete with
Disney
Disney Disney presents mad furiosa
Disney Princess she's she sings and a
bird lands on her on her arms thump what
the birds are gonna burn of course and
she sings that lands on her stump and
she grabs it and kills it for me she
just no she eats it right away
she doesn't break its neck I just showed
you right or wrong great great but still
have the the the arm limb with the with
the like gear stump on it yeah yeah oh
pardon me still getting rid of some of
this long for the princess doll the arm
limb that'd be removable accessory that
would be great what else would you be
able to put on her arm like a tea cup
holders or your free parties a shopping
bag holder you know for once you go
shopping and and a fully a fully
automatic shotgun fighting off the
hordes of war boys I think it's great
that's great
spooky skeleton that's very spooky let's
see what we got here spider Blair since
I recently started working at a high-end
pet supply store
I put sweaters on dogs all day who are
your top five celebrity dogs on our
crypto Muttley Scooby alas the Android
Oh what do I need top celebrity dogs is
that absolutely required I'm gonna say I
got none I have no celebrity dogs I care
not for celebrity dogs yeah I don't
either I I just don't give a fuck if a
dog is cute in the movie and I'm sorry
I hope you enjoy putting sweaters on
dogs saying what was the Frasier dog's
name oh yeah
the Frasier dog he's cute there we go
it's all you're getting out of me though
was his name ox like on the show it was
Eddie yeah but I think his real name was
like any time you see a dog like on a TV
show or movie you can clearly see it
looking at its handler off camera and
it's very distracting very distracting
of course mousse that's what it was it
wasn't ox his real name is moose Eddie
the dog from Frasier I remember thank
you
Decepticon sloth and mochi b85 also gave
me moose any celebrity animal what would
you be rich Evans
nobody should wander around technically
that satisfies your criterion orgasmic
daughter says Jack sounds considerably
more masculine does he have a cold I do
well I'm getting over a cold I'm just
over it but I still have a little lung
butter left over I have been using my
deep mighty slightly deeper and raspier
voice when when making calls to my
senators and congresspeople other issues
that I don't mind because I've been
doing that reason you call your senators
person to complain about things you
don't like
I know we don't know everyone no good
can come of it no good can kill it so so
but I've been calling like my Center to
go lemme tell you what I think about net
neutrality it's gonna mean bad things
for my business just so you know sound a
little more gruff and conservative as we
have a conservative senator I don't give
two goddamn licks about what you think
is gonna be good for business so I've
been I've been using it to add a little
drawl to my to my calls to my
conservative senator and I think it's
been keeping me entertained I don't know
if he's been listening but yeah goddamn
get it out of my business
choo-choo-choo-choo choo-choo-choo-choo
pick up pick up ray
button apocalypse no we are not talking
thank Star Wars I haven't seen it yet so
I've asked rich and we're not talking
about it in chat here as its opening
weekend like and many people probably
will talk about it I'm going
pax is prime says sent you guys a ton of
stuff from Singapore did it get to you
guys okay we get a ton of stuff snap
package anything you enjoyed our hated
is sorry for whoever ate the Duran
flavored stuff but it is the National
Fruit of Singapore sorry soon I I
haven't spent a few days and subject the
mail yeah going tomorrow so if I haven't
got it yet I'll get it by then somewhat
you sent it sounds like it got here
can you reel them in at all seems like I
can I'm trying to do the fancy thing and
it's not working
well you're hitting him behind a thing
you gotta reel em in a little bit and
then slam it yeah fuck it fuck it we're
just going right oh I'm trying to get
fancy and then I got stuck behind there
and he's free oh hey it worked you know
wasn't as impressive as if you would
have done it right away but it says it
was fun
I'm getting over a pretty bad sore
throat and cold I'm I'm over it now but
yeah my throat is a little scratchy I
that's why I was not here on Wednesday
as I did not want to get rich Evans sick
and my I was horribly horribly sore I
appreciate I appreciate it it's you know
that's the the thing about taking sick
days is not just for you to rest and get
better but it's to keep others from
getting sick
let's see here cam
Oh Lord says hey Jack and rich this is
my first prereq stream I just wanted to
say thanks so much for all the work you
guys do our LM never fails to make my
entire day with every new video thanks
for everything you're welcome
I mean I'm gonna say you're welcome even
though I have very little to do with
them sometimes I just say funny things
in them but you know I'll take the
credit it's very possible I have not
been paying them
arcticus rec says hey guys long time
watcher first time tipper what media do
you guys recommend to watch read or
listen to to learn the art and language
of visual storytelling and film or TV
well probably the media you would want
to do viewers TV or film so are you
saying if you want to make movies you
should watch movies probably help you
know you want to learn how to make TV
and movies you should read books
actually I was gonna give a couple good
book recommendations for how to make TV
no not a book on how to make movies just
book it was gonna be Charlotte's Web
shame yeah yeah read if you read what's
like the kids movie that's out now
that's based on the book about the kid
with half a face happy wears a cape on a
happy face what's it called it's it's
like it's like the new kid movie it's
it's like based off of the best-selling
book it's gotta came with like a half a
face in it what's his face the cap melts
it off it was like born with haven't
wonder thank you it's called read the
book the young adult novel wonder and
you'll learn about all about to be
panicky yeah well like kid who was born
with that worry headed axe I don't know
I am fucking don't know the story he's
got half a face but then he goes to
school and learns to love himself or
some shit I don't know I'm sure it's
very heartwarming
I did I never read the book on
storytelling you are perhaps but no
there's there's a lot of great books to
read and films to watch making movies
and television you know there's there's
so many there's one that I really like
that I can recommend if you are into
cinematography as I am but I have to
look it up because I don't remember
things or places and I've recommended it
before if someone can remember it before
before I can look it up there is a book
called cinematography theory in practice
in image making for cinematographers and
directed directors by blamed browing
cinematography theory and practice it's
a really great book kind of detailing
how a shot structure lighting editing
scene
blocking can affect it's a storytelling
it's a really great read it's actually a
it's a text book but it's really easily
giving a lot of exam
from a one-lane Brown thank you yes you
guys got it
cinematography art right uses with that
one by a sympathetically the one thing
that I just said like blame down I've
lost it already that's really good
there's a bunch of script writing books
whatnot and whosits
and a ton great online content about
proper filmmaking did you guys see that
thing something I think someone shared
it with us that the thing that uh that
rocket jump recently put out about the
original edit of Star Wars no I know I
know it was bad they they they had some
actual examples and like how much work
was done to fix Lucas's disastrously
boring first at it right right the
Disney needs to like is is Marsha is
George's ex-wife still around what was
her name if she is still around a Disney
needs to go to her house and give her a
dump truck full of money this lady's
single-handedly saved Star Wars her her
addition besides fixing you know a lot
of just normal editing stuff right
something I did not know and and you
guys should watch this really great
video by rocketjump something I did not
know about the original edit of Star
Wars is originally the Death Star was
not about to blow up the rebel base
really you know that that famous last
scene where the Death Star is closing in
on the rebel base so the rebels go and
attack the Death Star's before they're
ready and will they will they make it
that wasn't in the original cut of the
movie donate fill machine how do they
fix I've just been editing this is where
it gets brilliant if Yuri watch that
scene every line of dialogue about
attacking the rebel base is off camera
so amazing it's so great so a george
lucas's original edit of the movie is
the death star was just standing there
and the rebels went to it like it wasn't
doing anything the rebel is just like
yeah let's go find it and they went and
found it and attacked it and Marcia goes
George don't you think it would be
exciting don't you don't you just think
maybe there should be some I don't know
stakes so that entire back-and-forth
sequence was created in an after edit
and its glory like watch this whole
video there's a ton of little examples
of stuff they fixed apparently in the
original cut of the movie the first time
we meet loop is approximately like three
minutes of him just walking in the
desert not doing anything particularly
interesting because it's George Lucas
yeah there's extended periods with him
and who's his friend Biggs
yeah with with him and Biggs that didn't
really explain anything or over explain
things and so just just it was just
Marcia going honey honey can we um I'll
take I'll take it just you you go play
with your toys I'm gonna kill ya so a
rocket jump does does a really great
breakdown of all these things
and and it's it's one of those things
where if you watch this breakdown of
George's original cut of a new hope you
just you just completely understand why
the prequels are so fucked like George
is a really good idea man he's got some
nice ideas and then he's supposed to
hand it off to people who are more
competent than him yeah and he stopped
doing that for some reason you know I'm
gonna show Marcia all she thinks she
thinks she can divorce me I took half my
money after re-editing my movie the way
I wanted it so yeah it's it's it's a
really good watch I really recommend it
and you know there's a great lesson for
those creative folks out door it's just
a really great lesson in the in hubris
make sure you're open to other people's
ideas make sure that you know now
there's no problem in protecting your
vision but make sure you're open to
listening to those around oh you're fine
they're fine
and I seen patton oswalt talking about
men shooting film and women anyway I
have not but I enjoy Patton and he's a
clever and limited fellow so I'm sure
it's very good
yeah you seem to actually make that
arcticus note we did that doctor loop it
up his hijack I rich for oh hello
forecasts top of 42 degrees Celsius
that's a hundred and seven degrees
Fahrenheit an extreme fire danger today
please complain at length about how
horrible snow is so that I might feel a
little cool I really like this no I hate
it but I like the snow and I'm ok with
the cold so here's something that I
think three weeks before Christmas half
a week after yes and then gone it here's
you know what's really nice is when we
get a nice or big snow everyone gets
their shoveling done and then the snows
around but we don't have to shovel
anymore for a few weeks that's because
that could snow frequently of course I'm
Sam I'm saying it's really nice when we
get the big snow and then it doesn't
snow for a while because then we just
get to enjoy the look of the snow
without having to shovel every goddamn
day but it actually hasn't been too bad
here the last few days getting ended I
think there is something actually really
nice about the seasons in California in
in Southern California in Los Angeles I
think they take for granted their
beautiful weather every single day
whereas we have to deal with winter and
so our summers are
they're natives they don't understand
that they have good weather each and
every day even when it's the blistering
cold 52 degrees outside
ooh it's in the 60s better put on my
sweater I don't understand no no frame
of reference we prefer for true misery
it's no but it's not just natives people
who move there and have been there a
couple of years they acclimate so fast
and they forget I could deal with that I
don't know I think having the cold is
what makes the nice weather extra nice
is finding something to appreciate yeah
those people who live in the Bahamas
they complain so bitterly Hawaii
I think ye forget the one of the worst
places to live cry cry Marie you can
land in Hawaii so cheap
yes system new new islands popping up
every day get it they're giving them
away giving them away you don't want to
live here the weather's disgusting you
in the 80s and sunny and the beach every
day personal that would be yeah I was
gonna like I think a lot of a lot of
Caribbean nations though might have
legitimate gripes about you know
hurricane
I'm okay I'm okay with the season
laughing I think it's nice it's nice you
get we get them all we get them all here
in Milwaukee and now everybody does
excuse me for a moment I need to freshen
NIC
they're coming out of the ground
while they're airborne
talking about so we have to shoot the
Arab one coffins and I don't see a
single fucking one I'm guessing what is
this game now this is Ghostbusters the
game you're a Ghostbuster and you bust
just ghosts this is the new Star Wars
game it's they took it in a new
direction instead of having lightsabers
you have light cannon this set of
lightsabers you have an effective
long-range weapon you have a light oh
how about a light thrower you have a
light thrower and these are the new Sith
Lords who have interesting that's four
powers that right there is Darth
Plagueis count it counted for rich
good night Craig nation
have fun at your movie show
all right what do we got here CK and
nipple
it says dear rich and Jack just
subscribed tonight have been following
your YouTube channel along thank you for
all you do can you say where you buried
the time capsule no no I says Carl we we
didn't bury it and Carl gives the city
and states and I won't be back but I
will not say well that's true yes we
know we can't say there you can't say
where we buried it
it is really married them like I can
confirm that it was left there what's
what we could do
rich says casual horse I can't believe
you're still dismissing the
effectiveness of a lightsaber after
watching that surviving edged weapons
video fair point
I mean it's like it's like having a
infinity edges rich that's what a
lightsaber is there was a more recent
like self-defense guy who made a youtube
video that went a little viral about
facing knife opponents upon with knives
yeah and he was a martial arts
instructor and a self-defense instructor
in here well a longtime trainer and he
started his video saying you know like
an attacker with a knife is the thing
I'm scared of the most I would rather
have someone point a gun at me than come
at me with a knife do you have a ghost
shotgun yep there you go
that also freezes things okay with the
secondary fire
oh you get over here
