Episode 917
Doggie Doo what Ninten Don't (Okami pt 1)
December 22, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rT4a5Wi2OvU
___________________________________________

hey hey we're going how's everyone doing
today hi everybody we we made it we made
it on time well I have it's true we are
live now and and Jack is playing dogs
although I'm playing I'm playing wolf
Zelda Okami is the wolf it is I been
playing this game and I told rich to
play this game and he didn't play it and
so and I said well rich we gotta we
gotta play this game so that can be the
next episode and then rich said how do
you like it I said oh I don't you goes
that let's not do it as an episode then
because this is a beloved classic
yeah and I I know you don't like it but
don't like it it's gonna come off like
we're just contrary and pricks hating it
for the sake of attention yeah but I
don't like it
I know then what's the point of hating a
game that's that's like 10 years old
it just came out it's something to talk
about it's an episode it's something to
do and it we didn't we didn't Sonic we
hated that and and it's a very top
viewed episode a top viewed I'll play it
over the break and then we'll see we'll
see how I'm feeling what's the old
villain well there you go
well there you go oh hey hey everybody
welcome well it's not clickbait if we
give an honest review of a game just cuz
we don't like it just because we don't
like it doesn't make it clickbait
oh my god wants the Star Wars Star Wars
the game game the movie the movie just
came out yeah the Star Wars just came
out rich and I will the last thing I
want to do is to talk about Star Wars
for hours and hours here's here's here's
my my deal for everyone here rich and I
will talk about Star Wars but later give
it a little bit make sure there's no
spoilers for people who still haven't
seen it maybe we'll do it later just one
of those things where we want it we want
it we do want to be respectful to those
people who oh yeah we want to be
respectful to those people who have not
seen it yet so we're gonna wait so we're
gonna wait a little bit all right so
what's going on did you start a new game
or you know continuing your I'm
continuing my old game I'm about 10
hours in and currently not like them
what what don't you like mostly the
absurd amount of cutscenes and dialogue
okay this game stops near constantly to
tell you about the things you're about
to do or currently doing or the things
you're about to do again for some reason
yeah and some of it's pretty decent the
game like this you know this is pretty
fun we got it
you fight the thing draw a little circle
around it but overall I find I find the
whole ordeal to be tedious
so overall I do not like it but you know
you run around as a dog that's nice
use mega punch i am i am using mega
punch linens when I said the first order
should build dams yeah a little bit
jokey like obviously I don't think the
third movie should be about the first
order building dams you don't right
that's not any kind of spoiler nobody in
the last Jedi talks about making dams
now that is a spoiler because someone
you know someone thought they did
talking all the talking
what was I gonna do go around so yeah
there's a lot of talking it's it's uh
there are some fun bits but not enough
not enough to justify the amount of talk
so yeah well we'll get to we'll talk
about the Star Wars just later guys just
later
we're gonna play some Okami look at this
I'm a wolf running when I run there's
grass behind me look at that look at
that it's great you know wow this looks
beautiful
it does look beautiful that's true I
remember when cell shading was all the
rage yeah I kind of miss it I gotten on
the gun cel-shading it's a nice look
it's probably you know come and do for a
comeback
do people still do cell shading I'm sure
it's happened every now and then I don't
really remember when the last time I saw
it was sure was the last what was the
last major thing that was so shaded
that's a great question the into the
spider-verse looks like it's cel-shaded
movie
speaking of cell shading I'm liking that
it's that there you go
yeah we're into Waker that's that's not
a game the Wind Waker is a great game
yeah but before this those were on the
same time right so I'm talking about
recent of the Transformers game yeah
okay they did the Transformers game and
the Ninja Turtles one those were
cel-shaded oh yeah
Platinum
did I put water on neck up keeping
breath of the while associated no no
that's cell shit yeah I'm gonna say nah
and it's not straight up realism but
right I don't think I would call that
cell shading but looking cartoony is not
the same thing as being cell shaded
right
why don't you build a PC on YouTube from
3 years ago today it was fascinating are
you still using that PC well we're
playing on right now while you're
playing on playstation 4 it's what we're
streaming through right now but yeah we
what's what we use when we stream yeah
it's a great little PC I tell you what
great little PC game has the best art
design in your opinion I I don't know
there's a best yeah that's it that's a
big that's a that's a tall order right
right
though so got them from blanks on names
I should know all the time yeah not
doing fears I don't think it's all
sideways I think it's just my brain this
is so you gotta remember a whole lot all
the time
there's a lot going on that the Dark
Souls blood-borne people oh yeah from
stuff from thank you yeah yeah they know
their games always look nice there's
some nice art designers well yeah and
good art direction and our direction
yeah directors agreed agreed
so this is Susanoo and he is a kind of a
wannabe warrior and we help him all the
time where he thinks he's super strong
and powerful but it's really nice doing
her - magic defeating a bad guys but he
is supposedly the ancestor of a guy who
helped us to feed the ancient evil 100
years ago ok that's true that's where we
are in the story so we just help them
out we use our magical brush to make it
look like he defeats all the monsters
even though it's us that's great jack I
mean that's great feel great about it
this is so Japanese yes yes very
Japanese and you know what I actually
speaking of just good art direction like
this has a lot of really neat looking
monsters this has a lot of cool art to
it unfortunately all of that is rendered
is is rendered completely in the
background because of soon is I want to
say how you pronounce his name okay who
is your Navi in this and if you thought
Navi was a piece of shit you haven't met
'soon yet who will annoy you without
without pause for all the time how he's
gonna be hard to top yes
Navi is hard to top hey listen hey
listen wait sway listen yeah hey listen
huh huh hey listen be soon is worsen
yeah hey listen mm-hmm hey listen listen
yeah I'm sorry I said it slightly
differently which isn't what Navi does
hey listen hey listen yeah soon as worse
soon is significantly worse
because he does that every time he talks
and he talks so much Phi is the worst
she's irritating I don't think she's as
bad as nabhi who the sword from Skyward
Sword I've blocked most bad neither can
be worth any soon for links companions I
think Minda me takes the cake
Midna but nah maybe yeah what do you
mean like the best absolutely yeah I
loved midnight I absolutely love
midnight
agreed
I don't remember this game having banjo
kazooie style dialog it's it gets
annoying real fast
Nick I picked I popped it up that stick
that tip top top top the top stick to be
pop off a top-up plop out that time tip
tip top that's what we got to deal with
sit up off her foot
that's why I'm looking for dogs
another a second Okami
there's a 3d s okami there's okami den
which is the 3d s okami which I did
actually I do have and I started to play
too you know thinking we were gonna do
the review and I was like oh you know
what I'll play this one because maybe
using the brush technique maybe they
they have a new spin on it because the
3d you know the D s has the the touchpad
sits like oh maybe you use all brush
techniques or more like that but no it's
the exact same thing just on a DS which
means eight times the loading screens
and the same amount of annoying bullshit
I'm sorry
so how do you do the drawing I will show
you when we get there but for at first
as you see we just got done with a big
dialogue scene yeah we talked to people
and I walked over this and we have
another dialogue scene to go through
with these people
because they don't want you to play the
game they want you to listen to all the
about the about I know that's thing I
know that you think I might annoy me
depending upon exactly how often just
reiterate I don't think games should
have no stories fun story isn't what I
show up for in the first place right
right
one enough to give me context and to get
me invested yep and then give me some
gameplay yeah that's fine okay so at
anytime you press r1 then you go you get
into this area and then you know you can
draw and you get certain shapes that do
stuff yeah so like you know for this one
the mini game here is I have to catch a
fish so you draw a line to the fish and
that's it like that's this mini game and
the version of the DS Lite you do that
on the bottom of yeah it does it does
but I thought it would do it maybe more
maybe be a little different okay there
we go like one one slice across is a
slash you can draw a little bomb to blow
stuff up you learn different techniques
and so instead of like instead of like
finding the bombs so you can use them
in Zelda you learn the bomb technology
the bomb brush technique is how it works
in okay
and so I know how to do the slash I know
how to do a bomb I can now I got like a
grappling hook thing oh there it is
there's the whopper bad damn sure
oh shit right well you can draw lily
pads which I did finger me
Chaman I think he swallowed a dog
and this is the whopper gotta capture
him to get a dog cuz I have to collect
orbs from dogs because of the mission
I'm not it's all motion it incidentally
everything about this game is bullshit
incidentally this this isn't this isn't
spiral Star Wars spoilers or even really
talk okay but the other day like after I
saw the last Jedi unrelated I say and
then something else was doing some else
I'm just trimming a tree
okay trimming a Christmas tree and I had
Netflix on it I turned on guardians of
the galaxy - oh okay guardians of the
galaxy - is so much fucking better than
the last Jedi so much better I don't
much care for guardians of the galaxy
going to ah it had some good moments to
it
guardians of the galaxy vol 2 but I
think and I've also only seen both once
at this point in my life yeah guardians
and the last Jedi so I don't know if I
can make that determination but no I had
I had more problems with guardians than
I did last Jedi teacher on yet and this
doesn't bother me
we can disagree out we just disagree on
this exactly
might take ya might take if somebody if
somebody wants like a well how did you
feel about this well that's that's the
bar of course yeah
so much better cuz like the last gen I
was still fresh in my mind yeah when I
was watching the guardians the galaxy -
it was like sure oh I'm enjoying myself
good
it's Ritchie you a fan of anything well
obviously I like guardian of the galaxy
buddy do like because I don't like Star
Wars doesn't mean I can't like anything
else you understand that that's exactly
what it was if you don't like Star Wars
I mean like I know you man you don't
like anything because you don't like
Star
all right sound of mousetrap says dad's
omicron strap do you think mullah ram
spelling Temple of Doom was only hearts
or could he pull out any organ he wanted
could he pull out a flaming appendix for
example I I saw that as some kind of
hallucination or hypnosis cuz didn't
they do a thing where you could see
there really wasn't anything in his hand
all around from Temple of Doom I'm
trying to remember know his heart in his
hand right when when did they do like he
had the heart the hand they cut to a
different angle there wasn't anything
there if I remember right it's been a
while since I saw that I guess I
remember there being a strong
implication though that he wasn't really
ripping anybody's heart out I don't
remember that
ok I'll be honest with you you did that
well he Scott did me obviously she
didn't die and he went to rip her heart
out but he didn't okay it stopped from
ripping her heart out I remember then
the guy whose heart he did rip out like
he went into the fire in his hand then
was on fire it's been a very long time
since I have seen temple of dawn I need
to re-watch it yeah I'm gonna say the
the it was real okay
but it only works with the heart okay
that's the I'm and I have no
justification for that I'm just saying I
for whatever reason mmm
I was under the impression that it was
an illusion of some sort so interesting
interesting
difficulty put a couple people in
conjunction with your perilous journey
yeah do you think there's a difference
between humor and comedy what a
wonderfully semantic question right
humor and comedy sir I find that the
force wagon slashed the last Jedi we're
full of comedy or as the original
trilogy's laughs came from the humor
with c-3po and r2d2 being the only
community care I don't know that there
is a difference between humor and comedy
that's like yeah you might be talking
potato potato my friend right Shiva that
doesn't land there's using humor
inappropriately yeah like and you know I
think there could be an argument I think
most maybe not all but most of the humor
and the last Jedi was inappropriate and
I think an argument could be made for
that I didn't mind it the the humor
slash comedy in that but I think in art
that there's an argument for that rich
you have some like green schmutz on your
eyebrow now it's on your forehead it's
like right there it's like a sweater
sweater lips yeah I keep looking over
you know you got it yeah of some sort
now I can make him now I can make a move
great
Schwartz Schwartz is a thing
what are those yellow coffee beans
around your neck ah that's a great
question
as soon as as soon as I get out of here
I I will tell you what they are but I
gotta get out of this I have to get out
of this unending dialog this so haha
there's so much dye oh now I gotta fight
this dog it's my weapon you get to you
you have different weapons that you can
choose in this game you if you know like
there's that one that looks like a like
a stone plates with fire around it
that's that's the starter weapon this
one is like a bullwhip yeah and so I
like it cuz it seems to work but as soon
as uh yeah I'm gonna have to get into a
fight with this dog real quick and maybe
I can show it off so like this one
yeah I know
fighting the dog fighting the dog I said
this one does this where he just kind of
like hits him over and over and over
again through these small damage yeah
oh yeah
so this is the one that like that's on
the cover right and just kind of like
slash it's like a four dish but then you
can also do that use your celestial
brush can you upgrade that or just gonna
be obsolete by the end of the game no no
yeah each each weapon has like a single
upgrade thing and you also have a
secondary weapon I have a shield but
rich wasn't going to play anymore JRPGs
what I'm not playing this for one this
isn't like a Squaresoft game this is
like a Zelda kind of thing
that worked out pretty well I remember
now I didn't like this game back in the
day yeah there's a lot of talkie-talkie
in between the the decent bits I'm 10
hours into the game and I've only
completed one dungeon yeah and I'm just
unsure if there are any more judgments
like I've had one boss battle in ten
hours
and everyone in the chat by the way rich
and I are not doing we will we're not
doing it a lot of Star Wars talk no
spoilers in the chat please some people
still might not have seen it be cool we
will tell you we'll go full spoiler
later later we'll go full spoiler so
please save all spoiler talk try to be
cool with the Star Wars talk
for those who haven't seen it yet it's
it's only been out a week not even a
week it's only been out half a week well
this is twitch year to remember clips I
have no idea you have something on
twitches year in Clips you somebody sent
a link apparently this is what's up
there I can't hear what we're saying but
it looks like we are playing Warhammer
40k Space Marine okay it's pretty good
thirty can I figure which K it is forty
okay
okay I don't know what we're saying I
don't know why that's on there this is
this neat I guess did they use it in an
official thing I have no idea I'm
literally the first time hearing about
this or was that just our most clipped
clip that could be that could be just
our most everyone everyone's most viewed
clip get that title maybe sure
okay I know it has to do wait I know
what I have to do now I think
great off we go
no I don't wanna
what am I talking about somebody
somebody in the chat put a link up there
have you seen your witch year-in-review
clip
burnt up Cabbage Patch says Happy
Holidays you hacks holidays Christmas
best of the worst shoe I don't know how
soon there's a decent chance it'll be
late there for reasons but there will be
one I don't think it's a spoiler we
usually do one every damn year or so
there's it's very likely that there will
be one this year right maybe this year
right yeah hopefully this year
wait this is a Japanese Zelda where you
play as a talking dog well to be fair
all of the Zelda's are Japanese Zelda's
I mean first of all yeah get it together
secondly no you do not play as a talking
dog you have a little bug that talks for
you you do not talk you are just a you
are our wolf so what what are these
Zelda like elements so you got your open
world-ish a lot of games of open worlds
Jack yeah
you have much like Zelda as you progress
through the game you get new things that
open up new areas you know there are you
I recently got the I recently got the
basically the grapple hook update where
one of the done out there go where one
of the dungeons that that I went to let
me do this loop taught me how to grapple
hook and so you know there now you have
to defeat the enemy oh you have to
defeat the enemy using the grapple hook
that kind of stuff
slightly upgrading your gear dungeons
one dungeon so far okay so it's it it's
fairly zelda-esque zelda-esque would you
say its zelda-esque in the way that
Mortal Kombat is Street Fighter esque or
is it or is it more megaman is a
platformer much in the same way that
mario is a platformer no it's more
mortal kombat ii street fighters okay
they're very very similar yes they are
exceedingly similar they are more
similar than they are dissonant
what was the deal with Fandango exactly
what we said we ordered tickets and then
we go to the theater put the card in
print out the tickets and nothing
I don't know how Fandango and there was
you know how does Fandango work I he
just go to the website and buy movie
tickets for the movie okay and we did it
like months in advance sure of the last
Jedi and it wasn't showing that we had
bought tickets because I've heard other
people complaining about Fandango with
that happening to them but usually it's
not a big deal than you just buy tickets
when you're there but of course for Star
Wars we wasn't a money back thing I
believe we just ended up getting other
tickets I don't I don't know what else
was involved with compensation if
anything I don't know but basically it
delayed us seeing the movie for two or
three days
any advice on receding hairline deal
with it I obviously don't have any
advice keep your hair short or in Jack's
case keeping her not at all really short
short or really short yeah I mean you
had you have to remember just because
your hairline is receding or you are
full-on balding that is no excuse not to
properly groom your hair like keep it
cut well and make it look good
find the look that works for you but
balding hair looks better shorter yeah
absolutely
and yeah don't don't grow a comb-over
that never looks good
never
comb-overs never look good everyone
knows everyone knows and they feel sorry
for you or go danny davito and be funny
yep keep in mind he is not famous for
being handsome he played the penguin for
a reason because he's a good actor
that's all so he kind of looks like a
monster
why was Star Wars marketing so good that
there were so many people lined up an
opening weekend because as far as I know
nobody expected it to do well but who's
everybody you know everyone you know
sounds like a big dummy oh yeah that
Star Wars franchise that's going nowhere
fast
well it is but that's besides the point
hey no it's doing like it's at you know
almost 600 million already worldwide
it's gonna it's gonna be doing fine man
it's gonna do fine
the Star Wars Star Wars and Star Wars
well if you want to print money with
Star Wars you know does it doesn't it
absolutely does not matter what the
content is as long as it's got that Star
Wars logo on it uh-huh
rogue one made money the prequels the
prequels more shockingly pound-for-pound
relative to their budget the worst
movies ever made
yeah highly profitable yep not a Star
Wars logo on there you go
there's a significant amount
backtracking I came here like three
hours ago but then I had to like go all
the way back through the map almost to
the beginning mm-hmm
just so I could come back here with like
like Star Wars is a nice nice feather in
its pocket with bonus a perk from here
on out from here on out like like pretty
much know almost no matter how bad the
movie is like you can always say it was
you know what it was better than the
prequels what do you say feather in your
pocket like yeah there is it probably
it's erm for southern you cap
I think it's feather in your cap sure
sure that's that feather they have in
their cap no matter however bad the
movie is wasn't as bad as everyone is as
prequels you know but no it's Star Wars
is now forever graded on a curve is what
the expectations for a Star Wars movies
were dropped so low that that we now
exam no well no that's a double-edged
sword because the original movies were
so good yeah that's how bad the prequel
every everything else that comes out
with Star Wars in the title is gonna be
seen as mediocre cuz if you know as good
as Empire or the original but you know
what a lot better those prequels whoa
boy haha what is this bad is that
nowhere near as good as Empire though or
a new hope forever forever so Star Wars
is doomed mediocrity whoo
you want to just crack the code right
yeah you might have just cracked the
code
okay so this so I mean this is my second
dungeon and it seems to be this is the
wind dungeon we're gonna learn a wind
move here it's gonna be great
favor customer I don't know if I'd put
last gen I have both the original
trilogy I liked it I think I think the
last Jedi with this new trilogy with the
you know coming after the force awakens
I I think it works well with the new
trilogy IP it might be better than
return but best/worst
Empire a new hope
the force awakens return to the Jedi
here it is the moment of truth
he's only got two laughs the last Jedi
robe one okay The Phantom Menace Revenge
of the Sith attack of the clones Thanks
you know I I'm glad that you put the
last chat at least above rogue one you
know I can we can we can be like I said
I said in the review the last is
pratically good this parts of it that
are interesting and the good girl and
then they don't and and then there's
something stupid episode 1 over 3 yes
yes look one one has terrible characters
and it's a horrible film but out of all
of the prequels The Phantom Menace comes
the closest to telling a coherent story
those are just the prequels The Phantom
Menace Revenge of the Sith Attack of the
Clones the absolute worst movie ever
made relative to its budget obviously
it's not as bad as things right from
feeders but those movies you expect to
be shit because they had a budget of 100
bucks right no that's a good modifier
and I agree with you like it took two
hundred million dollars to make attack
of the clones it's so bad
rich what about the jar the jar is the
only character in the movie who had a
proper character arch and he's a
terrible character I'm just saying the
Jar Jar
no the jar they called him the jar rich
what about the jar I think they're
talking about the movie the jar the
worst film relatives oh I thought
they're saying like Phantom Menace would
be the worst because it's opposed it
most prominently features Jar Jar
they're just referring to him as the jar
oh can we refer to him always as the jar
from now the jar once again did not have
a budget of 200 million dollars I'm
saying relative to its budget Attack of
the Clones is the worst movie ever made
if they spent two hundred million
dollars making the jar Hank's still not
worse than Attack of the Clones it's
still not worse than Attack of the
Clones even if they spent 200 million
dollars and you got the exact same thing
we saw on the jar like it still looks
the same
yeah it's so better than attack of the
clones which is just god-awful so
atrociously god-awful
still not as bad as things
Wow yeah oh yeah things that's a whole
nother world this Attack of the Clones
worse than transformer movies yes yes so
much worse and the transformer movies
are bad attack of the clones is
worthless it's completely utterly
worthless
transformers is way worse than the Star
Wars burger no no tray I mean
transformers are a certifiable hot and
man yes of movies nobody's denying that
but no they are not they are not worse
than the Star Wars prequels let's let's
just you know what's like cooler heads
prevail here and remember that the Star
Wars prequels are exceptionally special
as episode 2 the worst love story ever
told if if you can even call it a love
story it's so uncomplicated what's not
chicken since you can't find anyone to
watch the room with mister next time you
do a solo stream you should put it on
and watch it with the chap Oh
interesting
seeing your initial reactions on stream
would be neat you know it's going it's
coming - it's getting a theatrical
release yeah the room because of the
success of the disaster artist it is
they're they're releasing it in major
theaters the room the original room yeah
I think that's cute that's adorable
what do I think of Howard the Duck I
shall like it as a kid I like the big my
like the big monster at the end a big
crab monster I don't I remember having
fond memories of watching it I can't
remember much about it but the tonic
only shoots out of his claw hand he
reels back in don't remember then just
remember the duck I remember them going
to like the punk rock show that's about
it
colonel rich now we're not really
talking about Star Wars a ton yet and
he's he's a horrible person in reality
but Jeffrey Jeffrey Jones what's his
name
oh that one he's really good and Howard
the dark the principal in Ferris pew
yeah terrible human being who got caught
with with what was it child don't don't
want to talk about it terrible human
being so he does a good job in Howard
the bag
oh god it's Navi all over again oh he's
way worse than Navi he talks constantly
he talks constantly and he's the worst
he soon is the worst
yeah if you I don't know I don't know
they probably don't get into that in the
disaster artist movie but the disaster
artist books the book
bollocks singular the book yeah without
explicitly saying it drops pretty heavy
implications on where Tommy is from and
how he got his money oh yeah yeah what's
what's the he doesn't say it's tummy but
he starts going into story about some
hypothetical person who may have done
this room at and came from here there
uh-huh
it's probably done just some time he
didn't get pissed at him I don't know
okay she's so weird and secretive where
did you get his money from what do they
say or what is this hypothetical man
from Soviet bloc ended up in France for
a bit and that's why his accent is so
weird it's like a blend of like French
or okay Polish Russian like like behind
the Iron Curtain
okay might have any whole one but sure
sure makes a little bit of French then
he came to some kind of relative in the
States
he sold toys then ended up making money
of that the fashions someone clothes or
something really yeah interesting toys
and and clothes toys and fashion
I'm convinced the room was just a
money-laundering scheme never no
knockoff jeans I might have an I don't I
don't I don't remember I love it I would
love that even more like like
high-output knock-off designer clothing
that would be so tommy wiseau right it's
been a couple years since I read the
book so I don't rubber the details but
I love that idea I love it let's hope
it's true
what was he like to me I was like
meeting anybody at a convention his line
to see him would just go up and you have
your brief moment or two not like I
can't I can't say we had a conversation
he signed my thing we would tried to get
him to say something something George
Lucas no you tried to get me to say
you're tearing me apart George Lucas he
wouldn't do it
that's not all there was to it right
it's not like you had you had a meal
with him right right right
and stop talking he soon
yes I know I can use my wind on my fire
your about yeah and now you're gonna
tell me I can use my window in the fire
well I can use my win on the fire
I ain't misbehavin says hey check and
rich hi taint I wanted to give you this
special holiday tip earlier this week
but it was too busy doing my thing
during Hanukkah oh you guys Shalom hope
you know what I am
hope you guys everyone at Harlem have a
wonderful holiday doesn't look I am mean
like to your health I don't know I think
that's a toast
I have I have no idea so you say look I
am and it's like to your health in good
health if I if I know my Yiddish rich
and I don't it means to life
we're live up look I am
okay great
well it all looks very pretty it looks
very pretty rich yeah oh my god and the
game is now we're gonna tell us how
pretty it looks by me stopping us from
the game so we can talk to us some more
brush technique good whatta be less
horrible of the ninja shit like that
with a voiceover well you were already
you know still playing the game uh you
know it then at least like I wouldn't
have to say that it stops you so much is
the problem is the game just stops yep
you can't move for two seconds so it can
tell you some something over and over
and over so at least like you know
thinking of something like horizon zero
dawn mmm-hmm and you would constantly
have either a lloyd talking to herself
or someone talking in your ear but you
were still moving you were still the one
like in control so yes that would be
slightly better
and for every one of these things you
get it stops the game it just all it's
just constantly constantly stopping
I have no idea subject prefers Naughty
Dog's approach to game narrative overall
commies game okay can't I'd prefer
neither is that is that a thing I could
prefer cuz I do I prefer neither
what I remember from the last of us that
dialogue was basically a cutscene it
wasn't you're playing the game and
people were talking it was you're
standing in the room while the people
are having a conversation but
technically you walk around the room but
nothing else interesting is going on
right it's a cut scene without cinematic
work and so I think there there's a
there's a third option here there's not
just the two options the third option is
you can still do stuff and play the game
while someone talks
dammit it's a nice ball turn dammit
let's see what's up there you got being
shot to Okami your name's not Okami in
case you thought it was its
okay
son of a bitch
I think that's where I have to go which
is what's really upsetting about it
that fucking brush music yeah over and
over again he turn off like you could
probably turn music off in this game
right yeah yeah lucky jack I bet you
missed that one I'm gonna wait
great
did I not even have to come over here
all that was for that stupid Treasury
all right you got the stupid treasurer I
got stupid treasurer so there we go
there we go so we got that going for us
we got the stupid treasurer
okey-dokey
that's the way to go Jack you haven't
wait and I have to go back wait what
that was the way to go I needed I didn't
need to be up there gosh dang it
I don't that's not true
I never get those treasures somewhere
you can move the water that's what I
have a putting it on the ground next to
there's a put a container thing it has
to go in I need to go back this way stop
messing with shit
they're messing with me rich they're
messing with me I came through those big
doors
so now it's time to leave I think we'll
find out the lady out here will tell us
right hey where you going for ball oh
shit
I slice otter underwater chest and the
treasure floats up oh yeah look at that
that's deep I know yeah yeah well I got
another one
great all right is this ps4 yes Jack is
playing on a ps4 I am playing on a ps4
hey yo
but Okami is also out on the PC I just
got it for the ps4 yeah cuz why nots you
know dust off the old ps4 every once in
a while it's just sittin there
maybe the chat asked earlier for like I
feel like playing blood-borne again or
something like that and I'd played
blood-borne more often and if I didn't
have to like hook the PlayStation 4 up
for it okay I got the urge but I don't
feel like hooking it up I know something
else act it's like it's literally the
only reason I have to own a PlayStation
4 is blood-borne ah sure you know every
once in a while like something like this
I'll get it for the ps4 only so I have
something to play on the ps4 like only
to justify its existence and the way my
my TV setup goes I have like the ps4
hooked up to an HDMI switcher with my
computer and my switch yep and so like
for me like turning on the motherfucker
for me turning on the ps4 and running it
is pretty simple that's it's already all
hooked up you know why not leave it
hooked up there other things I wanted to
hook up in the limited number of HDMI
inputs I had that's true yeah you got to
make choices
I got the switch hooked up I got the way
you hooked up I was gonna play when I
was a plan on that's doing something
that we you it was only other way you
remember what the Frick it was man
I got ya my little raspberry pie hooked
up
and then I got the computer going into
the TV - so you have three HDMI in yeah
and does your TV only have three HDMI
inputs yeah what Scott like it's got its
got like four things okay I have four
hooked up to it so yeah oh that's right
you had wheat the Wii U the switch yeah
the Raspberry Pi on your computer yeah
sure and so then in the your only other
option would be to hook up a separate
HDMI splitter into one of your HDMI yeah
yeah cuz I get a look at the cords not
hung up - so I don't think of funny in
it's not worth the the mild
inconvenience I say it's about Athena
sure sure others feel like there's
probably a workaround but like you said
there's only the one game right exactly
exactly
been on the fence about buying or as
berry pie isn't worth it well somebody's
always wanted to do a little tiny tiny
thing tiny company in its best case
and there's nothing I do with it that I
couldn't just do from the computer we're
just our when you hooked up that's true
but I have the Raspberry Pi no girl is
like testing it oh yeah I need a bit
hold on yeah
let's running on the Raspberry Pi
retropie
there's a 360 controller with no I
bought I don't know what the damn things
called but it's done in the style of
like a old NES controller oh you know I
have one of those the the and they have
one like for the SNES - yeah yeah yeah
oh yeah those are great Bluetooth
controller I still got the two analog
sticks on it it's it's more rounded
shape so it's not that this harsh edges
and it's got you know the shoulder
things yeah so you know you can use it
to play modern games but that's not what
I'm going to end up using it for
and their Wireless which is nice
lay f13 you hacks the first part of
single-player just came out
oh yeah single-player single-player rich
what did I say what did I say then it
was just gonna be bots it's gonna be
like there's gonna be the multiplayer
with bots and this doesn't even really
bother me because if it would be fun
just to play around with Jason and do
all the kills so I'm not super bothered
by that uh-huh f13 Friday the 13th
Friday the 13th the game just had an
update where you can play the game
against bots now it's the same maps yeah
the same shit just with bus can I make
it some people who drop out their BOTS
oh that would be nice
but also virtual cabin 2.0 I have no
idea what this virtual cabin thing they
added to Friday the 13th is right I like
like I don't even date nglish stream it
was downloading the updates for this
stuff but if they hadn't hadn't finished
I have no idea what the virtual cabin
sentence it seems to be a big deal for
some people that there's virtual cabin
2.0 but I yeah I'm in the dark
saying this behavin says hey guys how
did you feel during the last Jedi when
you found out that Bruce Willis was a
ghost the entire time
Louisville watts are you guys in here
and your spoiler fun you get they like
to have fun rich you like to have the
fun
germs don't smuggler 44 turd smuggler
hey Jack enriched 44 just finished
launching black mare for the first time
oh yeah really enjoyed it yeah what's
your favorite episodes
mine was easily the memory implant
episode from season one
oh when when you can record everything
memory implants episode or I don't know
did you know
oh you haven't seen it yeah oh that's
right oh shit if you're talking about
the the one where you can record all of
your memories then yeah that's it that's
a really good one
I if I had to pick a favorite it would
it would probably be the Hayley Atwell
digital husband one this looks like a
neat boss fight oh yeah so far this is a
pretty neat closer I'm okay with this
possible
the digital husband one is is
heartbreaking and wonderful and I like
the actors in it
I dodged
so how long before Twilight Princess did
this game come out how horrible and
intended for ripping this off mm-hmm
fair question
come on you're so close area that's a
great question mm mmm
this came out after II oh they're saying
this came out after oh oh are they yeah
what second form that seems like a bit
much the fire dragon that's the main bad
guy
Oh kind of
Susanoo Miyamoto owned up to Twilight
Princess being inspired by Shadow of the
Colossus Okami
April of oh six Twilight Princess
November of our six welcome so you know
same time ish six months yeah that's not
enough time to wholesale rip something
off right
sorry Susanoo I wasn't paying attention
but then again it took them like how
many years to make Twilight Princess so
couple acknowledged they were making a
Zelda dog game right probably four years
I did
my friend wants to know why the first
order recruits so many women like like
that's your issue that out of all the
things you can be bothered by in the new
Star Wars movies that's that's it
because because the goofy space casino
was already fully staffed that's my
answer
your friend sounds like someone who
hates the the movies because of garbage
internet politics it's garbage on both
sides I it all makes me want to throw up
feminism anti feminism sjw hate those
sjw's Nazis Nazi all makes me want to
throw up yeah yeah what I I kind of
zoned out to what you're talking about I
have no idea how you got here somebody
think about somebody is somebody
bitching about women being in the first
order sounds like somebody who's
watching that through the lens of
feminism feminism vote ISM more than an
actual complaint sure someone that
someone who is subscribes to all the
here's why feminism is actually not
seeing hated from both sides I hate it
from both sides so I just didn't know
how you got there and all of a sudden
like I feel like I picked up halfway
through a conversation and I was like
what
you know they're here here's a statement
that shouldn't be controversial is there
are bad people in the world and there
are people that take ideological stances
that maybe go a little too far that's
what I will say without saying anything
specific you just add in your group with
me and you can just agree with me or
disagree at the end of the be great but
why they recruit women is because like
anybody's man they need people to hit
the buttons who cares like if I were an
evil organization and someone said that
they would work for me I'd hire them man
woman fish monster all of them they'd
all of it oh you know I need someone to
push the button when I say blow up a
planet are you gonna push the button
when I say blow up the planet you're
hired
that's my that's my stand point
look my love bit says dear you and the
other one I wish to ask you a question
that due to its paradox
paradoxical nature leads to a lift in
cognitive abilities thank you
what is the smallest big thing then
doesn't blow my mind the the smallest
with the largest little person was Andre
the Giant he's the tallest little person
Andre the Giant how do I get that I just
do it's a dumb question I'm gonna answer
a dumb way sure so the well but the
question was what's the smallest big
thing the smallest big thing you want
the other way around okay no that was a
question the smallest big thing yeah I
excited answer it reverse sure I think
the smallest big thing is a baby
elephant okay okay
pretty small it turns into a big thing
but even even by like standards of big
things it's pretty small like it's not
bigger than a mountain baby elephant
Peter Dinklage's the smallest giant
Reno is the is the biggest little city
right Reno Nevada is the biggest little
city so you know that's in there too so
many things just giving the whole thing
just skipping the whole thing rich
because I can because I can
