Episode 918
Doggie Doo what Ninten Don't (Okami pt 2)
December 23, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AXaqxSezKA0
___________________________________________

because I can because I can nana mice's
hadn't been in target in a long time in
target which should have been my first
sign but damn DVD section was 1.5 rose
0.5 section for CDs half of which was
Christmas true story bro
well at least these things are all going
the way in the dinosaur yeah and if you
want CDs or DVDs you can buy them on
Amazon and get them same-day shipped and
no one buys physical media anymore they
stream stuff it's the way of welcome
welcome to like three years ago man
get to get it together
get it right together what are you
thinking what are you doing
yep Nana says thinking about Yoda and
Empire I'm nostalgic for great puppetry
and film my faves include gremlins the
one-eyed witch in Dark Crystal 80209
Kermit riding a bike do you have any
personal favors there's is one one shot
in gremlins I have always loved there's
a lot of shots in gremlins I love yeah
yeah but but specifically one were like
the mother is going around the house and
she's fighting the gremlins look she
knows they're the little monsters and
she's like peeks into the kitchen yeah
and there's a gremlin in the kitchen I
think he's eating something out of bowl
and he like his ear perks up and he
looks around and that looks like a real
fucking thing it looks like a real
fucking living breathing gremlin I have
always been impressed by that one
particular shot and many shots in that
movie sure sure
uh yeah and you know I'm okay with
puppetry and movies I suppose I'm trying
to think of a specific example of like
just a really good puppet mm-hm
this might be an obvious example but the
the entire kind of weirdo puppet plot of
Being John Malkovich over that John
Cusack was a was a weirdo marionette
puppeteer I remember that I'm trying to
remember the actual marionette so drop
blanks they were horrifying and weird
and you know like he would he would
recreate scenes from like dramas and
like erotic thrillers with his
marionettes I loved those I loved those
those were those are fantastic
it's a thing a puppet or stop-motion
animation well I think most of that was
those puppet work grandma probably that
thing
the thing I don't know I don't know that
they did much stop-motion in the thing
much I mean most films used a variety of
different techniques dependent upon what
they wanted and what it's specific shot
yeah yeah yeah not in the thing things
shut up about that
shut the heck up oh yeah any of the
dinosaurs from Jurassic Park I'll take
I'll take as part of as part of my
favorite puppets and movies those things
are awesome
that movie hold up really good
it still does it still does man I just
shot here or there what
I don't know that big brontosaurus the
first thing you see looks all that great
in hindsight and modern viewed from a
modern eye but in general most things in
that movie yeah that's he writes man
yeah here a yes
ain't nothing ain't nothing to that
t-rex
they had a huge t-rex puppet right yes
yes but they also blended that with some
CGI it wasn't just the one thing right
that's what made it so special
Lana I heard they had a lot of problems
with the big t-rex puppet because of the
braiding in that scene mm-hmm and I kept
getting the outer layer the foam
covering or whatever it was wet yeah
which affected the way it moved so got
wet I got when it got wet enough it
would move jittery that's it was like a
it was like a like like someone with the
shakes yeah is the weight the weight was
throwing the mechanics off yeah I bet
that was just creepy as fuck
okay loss shaking t-rex
madam says what's the deal with the fan
reaction to the last Jedi the silly
petition to remove it from Canon and the
replies to Jack on Twitter
you need to talk to me about this some
people seem to take your positive
feedback so personally yeah
I was you know I was talking with Jay
about that the other day because Jay is
also going through a bit of a Twitter
thing where he didn't even he didn't
even like criticize it but you know he
because of your review yeah on Twitter
Jasmine Jay has been getting a ton of
hate on Twitter because you guys were
fairly negative to it towards it you
were critical a lot and so Jays been
getting a ton of hate I was really
positive about the movie I've been
getting a ton of hate there is no
winning there is no the only winning
move is not to play goes the sang and
and it's no I like all I said because I
really truly genuinely enjoyed the movie
star wars Mets people went crazy
so does literally crazy it's truly crazy
so I because I genuinely enjoyed the
movie I did a little tweet and I was
like hey yeah this is a good good movie
good on you ryan Johnson for making a
good movie right and my Twitter feed has
been nothing but and eventually I just
turned off all notification so I don't
even get notifications anymore but that
the replies to that original tweet are
just like here's why you're wrong here's
a paragraph on why you're wrong what
about this part this part is wrong
you're an idiot how does it feel to be
as such an idiot when it comes to movies
people are dicks and it's it's the same
thing for someone like Jay who was more
critical of the movie and and people are
dicks people are dicks about the whole
thing okay you just tightrope walk
across the room
I'm sure there's a way to do that but I
don't care that would have been nice
yeah and I don't know I don't know why
what it is specifically about Star Wars
that gets people riled up I guess I'm
used to it because we're it's also with
video games people have the same way
with video games yep
they get really riled up when you don't
like something or dislike something
exactly the way they liked it or
disliked it and exactly the way they
liked or disliked it's exactly it has to
be exactly the way I dislike even if you
dislike it you didn't dislike it like I
just liked it so then you're trash right
people are waffle people are awful awful
our awful falafels man so I don't I
don't even know
I have to do here again I don't know
what to tell you man
I gotta light the sacred flame
this game does something really awful
where if someone has something important
to say they decide to break it up into
chunks yeah so you have to like talk to
them over and over again to get all of
their chunks just give me the
information in a yes a million times
I've heard the rumor I need to bring
fire to the flame some are the Phoenix
statues somehow great what are the
prerequisites a great question you
definitely won't be around I will not be
around I'm gone and I'm not even 100%
sure what I'm gonna have to do with
visiting someone so and when I'm gonna
need to visit them yeah yeah yeah so we
might be taking an extended time off
like I don't want to say anything
because I may or may not end up
streaming I I may end up streaming like
on the 23rd or I may end up streaming on
that's one he said that's like a four
day swing and yeah so the answer to that
question is Jim we don't know
24-hour Christmas Day strange clothes
that I know that's particularly likely
right yeah so no matter what I'm gone
for a while you won't you've probably
got you you probably won't see me for a
few weeks that is not an exaggeration at
least two weeks
well what's so what's what's what's the
deal then so we're definitely Christmas
Eves is off yeah for you for sure for me
for sure Christmas Eve is off like oh uh
what about the Wednesday after that I'm
gone you're gone I'm gone and the
Wednesday and then the Sunday and
Wednesday after that I'm going Wow
yeah yeah so you know I'm you won't see
me for at least two weeks all right my
solo streams are awful do you like them
people like him I like next Sunday may
be able just say no left in that weekend
okay and then I'll try and do a solo
that the week after that that Wednesday
the week from now and then that Sunday
I'll try and do a solo or two you see if
I get someone else here with me I don't
know sure that is up to you finish
ghostbusters you FARC I did last stream
yeah yeah where have you been
yeah we finished ghostbusters on Sunday
man get it together
so yeah well it's it's a big we'll see
and yeah basically rich what if you know
ahead of time or when you know ahead of
time just let me know and I'll tweet it
out yeah
and so follow follow the Twitter people
just to reduce stress I'm gonna yeah the
the the upcoming Sunday weekend stream
will say no yeah I mean that's Christmas
Eve but two weeks is a long time to go
without either of us so after that the
way the following Wednesday a week from
now I'll do some guys solo something
sure and then the Sunday after that I'll
just want a solo or something okay
yeah and then like I won't be here
Wednesday the 3rd but I'll be back the
4th so maybe we can do something on the
4th all right one of those situations
Dead Rising 2 per run I might look I'll
find something to do
yeah ready to find something to do
oh yeah that's exactly what rich would
like a Kingdom Hearts stream no I'd love
that
absolutely not going to happen
I'll probably play something I like and
I'll try to do it well that makes sense
that just makes too much sense rich do
something you enjoy you
Oh a lot of backtracking need to
resurrect Jesus Christ shut up already
people people rioted when we did those
places play some retro games and the
Raspberry Pi I'm not I'm not sure how
legal that would be illegal yeah
I feel I feel very little guilts when I
I have the ship sitting in a drawer
somewhere
we're crate holding Tendo games sure
sure
ah sure sure you know you know you know
it's not a label of nobodies snitches
somebody always snitches there's a whole
there's there's a there's an itching
algorithm man you know one has to snitch
anymore
they've turned computers into snitches
Jack would snitch I would not snitch
true-blue review says my only question
about the last Jedi
how are the pores compared to the Ewoks
is it better or worse that they don't do
shin also I thought it was immune to
wanting toys or something until I saw
Imperial bb-8 and Portia better than
Ewoks
yeah porks were fine man they they were
just there they didn't know they didn't
like a walks they gave a whole plot line
to Ewoks the porters were just the
scenery no there to some toys yeah the
porters were but better less obtrusive
way than the Ewoks were right
the Ewoks remember like had to save the
day and had a little dance party
afterwards
Brick Egger says Disney Star Wars like
any type of world building there's no
information on the political landscape
of the galaxy when they asked to help in
movie I bet they heard get a job because
nobody gives a fuck what you lost me
like halfway through one when who asked
who to help in the movie what what what
what are you talking about
the thing near the end we have to do
this then nobody answered that read that
again alright Disney Star Wars lack any
type of world building there's it does
it does there's no information on the
political landscape of the galaxy when
they ask for help in movie I bet they
heard get a job because nobody gives a
fuck oh yeah I guess that's what I'm
talking about yeah I guess my only
counter-argument is in in that type of
fantasy setting like how much world
building is necessary do you remember
when when the expanded universe and the
prequels tried to do world building
right do you remember how that turned
out do you remember the Senate hearings
remember that that was world building
you know it's Star Wars any good guy bad
guy don't remember the wacky space
casino do you remember that you remember
the wacky 50s diner do you remember the
for salamanders oh god I hate that
universe
my sky any chance we might get to see
more binding of issac I love The Binding
of Isaac and I would love to play more
of The Binding of Isaac I you know kind
of throw that on the pile of stuff I've
played a million times but there's
there's always a chance I I you know I I
do like to keep the games new and fresh
unless we can get more entertainment out
of them
or rich and I are enjoying them so much
that people on the chat are confused
yeah the Star Wars Expanded Universe is
salamanders that nullified the force
they also have I think they have that
they have for some vampires they do have
for him there are Jedi witches such a
rich a marvelous universe
you're just skipping this all which is a
mistake because now I don't know what I
need to do but I just needed to skip
that all I couldn't do it anymore
guys I could not fucking listen to it
anymore
rich give us your pitch for episode 9 to
save Star Wars I don't have it yep
I don't have it and I guess they're
gonna kill kylo Ren then you win the war
I guess I don't know I don't know
here's alright and here's what I think
they should have done with Star Wars
they should have ended it in 1983 with
the release of Return of the Jedi
because they told the complete story in
the universe that that story was
designed to be told them ah interesting
yeah that works that would've worked
just fine
well Star Wars survived its own fandom
well yeah but it's gonna be continually
more and more mutated and ugly thing as
time goes by it's like it's not mutated
it's I mean yes mutated ism is a decent
way to put it but it's like it was a
beautiful person then that just keeps
growing more and more tumors you know
how about how about it's it's a tree
that grows more rings that's time it's
the front like it like you said the Star
Wars was I mean heck originally it was
just meant to be the one movie and then
like we got lucky and we got another one
and a half decent movies out of it yeah
and that was supposed to be it but they
keep trying to build more people throw
money at anything with that logo on it
of course and of course they're going to
do that it makes sense and so what we
have here like with the new ones with
force awakens in last Jedi we have a
property that is now 40 years old that
modern-day filmmakers are trying to
apply modern sensibilities to and it's
not quite fitting nice for some people I
I don't know if I would call it tumors
if I would just call it like the new
coat of paint and it might not work with
all the old fixtures I new coat of paint
over what was previously a very
beautiful stained piece of wooden
craftsmanship just painting it flat red
or something gotta keep up with the
times flat ready a flat red is the is
the hot hot new look rich gotta sell
your house got sell your ass you got a
faint in putting outdoor carpeting over
those beautiful hardwood floors
you know sometimes that's the call you
gotta make sometimes that's it
I did it rich I messed up I messed up
big-time oh my god it's the restored
Jesus painting yes the Jesus fresco do
you remember this oh yeah the old lady
tried to fix the old lady at the church
volunteered to restore it and the
results are amazing
they actually worked out for them in the
end I believe they they now sold tickets
to see it the hipsters that want to see
the fucked up Jesus painting not even
the hipsters just everyone wants to gawk
at that the gawk at the mess yeah so
really that metaphor kind of works
because you know the last Jedi is still
doing very well in the box office
because people want to look at the
people want to look at the freak
I miss something big and she completely
mutilated it paid to see ruined painting
hmm
yes it's Star Wars it's Star Wars
Damon who she went off all by herself
whose cushy I wasn't I did something
really dumb because I was frustrated and
now I don't know what to do
I know there she is everything's fine
she's right here
everything's fine
mummy buddy 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 all right
speak the fans getting upset about
things yeah I just watched the video of
your stream of the berserk game the oh
yeah oh that anime buzzer game yes
zooming and the comments in that video
got straight-up hateful oh yeah
anyways happy holidays yeah yeah
whatever
just this guy you know says a genuine
Happy Holidays to you guys
let's celebrate what's really important
in life spending time with family
sneaking away from family to play video
games and agreeing with me about Star
Wars depending on where you lie in that
spectrum of flowers it's possible that
one of us might agree with you on Star
Wars but you know we'll see so yeah good
luck
and I do think you know I'm not I'm not
a crazy person I do think there is
genuinely some valid criticism of the
last Jedi like there are it has some
problems to me those problems don't
matter like Oh in the in the hole in the
hole I liked it but it does have some
some problems including I think one that
I can talk about yep that is not a
spoiler in any way shape or form okay
here is a here's kind of a big problem I
had with our last Jedi its Laura Dern's
dress I her her is far more distracting
hey I know you said that you laura dern
has the pink hair yeah or a purple hair
or whatever color yeah and I were
talking me about this yesterday you're
like weren't you distracted by her hair
and I said no no you know hair's fine
cuz you know it's space and she's right
next door to a giant fish monster so
like yeah I'm not worried about her hair
I said there were two things about Laura
Dern that bothered me one the little
metal halo on the back of her head like
I just wanted to know what that was and
but more importantly her dress she was
wearing this like skin-tight sheer
cocktail dress yeah but she was a war
general fuck are you wearing
you know a cocktail dress and then like
the hair of like a college student
exactly like it's not a general it's not
a world leader and it's like I know that
like Monmouth were a war like the white
flowy gown she look like a diplomat she
did she did she looked like someone in
charge and Laura Dern's cocktail dress
bothered me you know like I obviously
that's just it was just a costume choice
and that's a nitpick but that
specifically bothered I don't know
obviously there were there were picker
problems to the movie then Laura Dern's
cocktail dress button I get like every
scene she was then I would just I found
just my I wasn't watching her face I was
just making I was I was like judging her
on her outfit and I thought I would wear
that outfit
golden Gooch I don't think that's true
golden Gooch says it's meant to
highlight how far down the pecking order
they had to find her as the replacement
and no that's not who didn't get that
impression remember Poe said like oh
that's the hero of this blob well no she
was a she was a high up general that
that is you're incorrect I'm sorry I
think that was just the outfit Jeffy sir
the rebels let anyone be a general I
mean there's remember do you remember
and Return of the Jedi when I was in
general solo that's true neither they're
very low standards a thief and a
smuggler the smuggler that's been
hanging out with him Yasmin a good
general huh yeah I mean you're right
that guy who betrayed general solo sold
them to the empire into a fat slug well
let's make him a general - he seemed to
know what he was doing it he got general
solo he beat on general can we get him
can we get him on our side how much
money do we have because that would be
great like they're hiring people to
direct star wars movies I can do it can
we go back to the first guy I liked a
lot of boring jobs those comedy guys we
hired to be our general yeah they're
making a comedy
he's fire them like you know that
general we hired who's really good at at
cannons
he's using his cannons all the time we
don't like that anymore
we told not to use his cannon so much
that's great no like I had there there
was visually speaking there was a lot of
very striking imagery in the last Jedi I
think I think Rian Johnson he didn't he
did more good than bad in my opinion
wasn't wasn't Lando a general - and
Return of the Jedi am i imagining that
everyone everyone just everyone general
everyone's a general doorbell hey why
not he could have been he maybe wasn't I
don't know all you know all those Ewoks
generals after this event after that
battle general tub tub general fuzzy
belly all of them Chad do you really
want to see Lando 1-9 do you really do
you really want them to throw more meat
in the grinder oh no now we got away
because we got it we got under the thing
now
general and what was Lando a general
that's it that's actually a decent
question you know he flew that final
mission I don't know why general or if
he was just a commander Calrissian I
could be wrong but I thought it was a
general Calrissian so we need a fact
check fact checked on on Lando
Calrissian z-- rank in the rebellion in
Return of the Jedi yeah I'm not talking
about in one of the books yeah yeah not
a book in Return of the Jedi books don't
count
he was a general there's okay all right
anybody could be a general the guy who
just sold out the rebellion he rose to
the empire was made a general folks but
he was pretty sorry about it
hey guys and sorry I sold out your other
general but I tried to make up for it
the best I could with you know helping
out here so I'm like like Star Wars like
general is that like the equivalent of
like the rank of private private is that
what it what if is galaxy far far away
it's actually flip old new recruits
start as generals and you need to work
your way up to private general general
Calrissian go reports a private act part
well he was a dad all right oh no I'm
just trying to think like what if it's
like starts a general goes up to captain
at yeah yeah private act bar I like that
homeboys talking maybe have your Admiral
Ackbar versus really no brain maybe was
just like the communications guy maybe
so they are they are reversed I like it
just Akbar wasn't in charge of shit I
was just doing the communicator right he
was just a guy in the chair - what that
universe it's fantasy there wasn't like
I know it was never meant
I understand that but people put so much
into it like it was never meant to be
Star Trek it was never meant to be
dissected into its hierarchy but here we
are but you know this is what we got
this vast world that was absolutely
never designed to be a vast world it's
supposed to be a silly little right a
little space adventure some good space
adventure movies this room had a
beginning a middle and an end we got
some space wizards up in here you guys
like it's now endless schlock
endless schlock London flex cases rich
drank and Jade dance dance revelution
straight know what I can't stand about
the new Star Wars films is made we're
never made clear why the first order is
evil or what the resistance is fighting
for why the resistance is a resistance
and not the current ruling body this is
what have we been talking about this
whole time Star Wars the good guys the
bad guys but right right that we are
literally met why why is the Empire evil
in the first one we're told they were
even cuz we were told they were evil
there was a guy in a black suit he's
evil boom simple Merlin to fill fantasy
yeah yeah what I'm saying what I'm
asking you the good viewers is to give
me a you know an example of the Empire
acting evil well they did blow up all
the wrong well I'm saying at the start
at the start of the movie okay how do we
know they're evil besides just
assumptions yes they do blew up all
right later
it's yeah you know they had the Death
Star no I'm saying in the first Star
Wars before before we knew there was a
they do they do they do kill love Luke's
parents with a knife spirit I had brew
and uncle Owen we assume they do we
assume they do obi-wan says they do so
some drunk idiot in the cave says they
do right what I'm saying is like could
you imagine a world in which they're the
good guys and the rebels are
legitimately the bad guys they're
smuggling drugs and the good guys are
just trying to shut down a drug
smuggling ring
it's Oh was I supposed to do it wait
what I thought rich hates all games from
Japan first things first I'm not the one
who's playing this jack is yeah second
thing I hate anime that doesn't mean I
hate everything made in Japan because it
was made in Japan
like the Zelda games like Mario other
things I've like not a big anime fan but
but it's not the same thing really like
vanquish right yeah yeah it's very much
made in Japan
Ninja Gaiden alright over Japan yeah
super Japan about ninjas
from software very oh yeah
blood-borne yeah Souls born boom boom
basically stop being an idiot but I
don't I don't like I don't like anime
and I don't like turn-based Japanese
role-playing games so right so you hate
everything from I hate everything
literally everything from Japan I get
that and I get that
gobbling axes today I went to the
doctors and he ordered lab screenings
for my 40th birthday yay including a
prostate exam rich have you done this
yet
Jack are you looking forward to being an
old man like rich there's I I am because
it beats the alternative of not being an
old man which you know has far worse
consequences I have not done that but I
did see a doctor a couple years back
okay general general checkup I said I
was fine
he said I was fine yeah you know I'm I
would much rather be an old man than
dead so yeah how did you like Japanese
cuisine is there and they're typically
speaking a lot of fish in Japanese
cuisine yeah
so I would avoid it on principle because
I'm allergic to seafood mm-hmm yeah if I
were you I would stay with ya in most
case I mean like they do have some non
fish stuff but yeah yeah you could do
the hibachi you could do a bocce type
stuff
but I don't know how bad your allergies
are some people just can't even go into
the restaurants cuz they say they make
so much fish so much future stuff
brick Eggar says there must be some type
of middle ground between prequels and
current movies right now
all we got is dumb millennial crowd
shipping reloj because the only thing
you can discuss now is who will fuck
maybe you're going to the weird websites
man yeah I can I can tell you I've never
had that conversation with any of my
friends so you might here's here's the
problem appointment don't go to Star
Destroyer Ned I'm assuming I'm presuming
this where they're going you know which
every time you point a finger at someone
else again 3-bit pointing back at you
all those people all they talk about
who's having sex with who in Star Wars
yeah all those people come on it's you
wasn't that where the real real weirdos
used to post their multi-page rants and
responses to the planket reviews isn't
destroyed wasn't the 108 page Phantom
Menace rebuttal wasn't that spawned out
of Star Destroyer dotnet I have no idea
I've never heard this before that come
from their forums I kind of hope it is
now yes I have never heard this before
and I don't know I'm just presumed
that's where the real hardcore weird
obsessive sounds I'll be with you but I
I don't know for sure
I must read this legend it's just it's
just insanity it's it's vile and hate
directed personally to Mike more so than
reason defenses oh the big movie yeah oh
that's that's tough to know the 108 page
rebuttal it's you know it like you think
to yourself always going to be a fun
like delve into crazy and it's not it's
not
did you read all 180 pages I don't think
I got past the first two yeah
it's it's a tough one
hundred there was a somebody wrote a
hundred eight page rebuttal to the mr.
blinken Phantom Menace review a gotcha
if you will yeah
that isn't no way a god show or thought
out you know it was supposed to be one
of those I'm gonna take every one of
your points and show you why they're all
invalidated and basically boiled down to
so you said that there was no good
characterization but you're wrong so you
said that this yeah it was really bad
it was quite something my quite
something there
did you read any of that 10 page letter
that was written to you about Stargate
no no of course not did you hear that we
already learned our lesson I don't want
to compare the two what was I hate
spilled venomous attack on on Mike's
person yeah and the other one was just
some guy who likes Stargate and wants to
share it so I'm not gonna I'm not gonna
equate these two things that's fair I
guess
plus there's like a 98 page difference
so slightly less crazy
yeah the 10 page rich needs to watch
stargate letters somewhat less crazy
this pub Jia's is leaving really XS
that's true I saw that now very exciting
I'm very exciting but you read the 110
page one I read like the first page out
of curiosity and and it gave me cancer
yes they have added the killcam I've
seen actually something that looks that
looks very exciting they've they've
added a kind of a replay cam where you
can it's not just a kill cam after you
die you can take the whole scene and put
the camera anywhere so you can like
follow back like where your killer came
from what they were doing before ya
spotted you you can make little action
movies
what's nice yeah it looks they've done
they've done some work they've done some
work I I don't know if it'll be enough
for me to go back to it but they've put
in some work man
are you guys having any fun playing this
game or is Jack having any fun playing
this game or it's we're playing it hello
or is he just going through the paces to
continue the stream a little bit of
column a little bit of column B there
you know the like this part the game
part of the game is is really a whole
load of not bad it's not great and it's
not good enough to to justify all of the
bad in the game in my opinion but it's
something that I also can do fairly
mindlessly enough where I'm okay doing
it while streaming so I'm just gonna
keep doing it because why not we don't
have anything else better to play at the
moment and I'm kind of curious as to how
it ends so we'll see
I got the ogre liver don't worry guys I
got that ogre liver gobbledygook says
speaking of being healthy and not
sitting around and talking about Star
Wars all day yeah whatever happened to
the stand up timer oh I do miss the
Standard Time Jack did rich slowly erode
away at your will to live a long life
you know the stand up timer was is a
it's a good idea and we should get back
to that why did it go on it was just
it's hard to to keep that up yeah you
know cuz you have to manually set the
timer every out are you fucking just
Anna hey guys hey guys let's stand up
let's stand up there you go
motherfuckers Merry Christmas you filthy
animal
you get your ugly yellow belly to Ben
keister out of here by the time I count
to 10 1 2 10 well there you go
there you go kids the the problem with
the stand up timer was the the hassle
that was getting it getting it set up
every time because what I would do is
just like you know put an hour timer on
my phone and then if I forgot or if I
didn't hear or if we were in the middle
talking about something
go lick my love that's says ah
theoretically yes Zelda algorithm could
be discovered whereby a computer could
spew out infinite iterations type in a
few keywords and there you go
do you feel that this could be possible
no what what do you mean specifically by
iterations do you mean automatically
make a Zelda game there's some kind of
OWL algorithm like this some sort of
procedurally generated Zelda game I've
I've never used it and I don't I don't
think it changes the layout of things
but there is a randomizer for a Link to
the Past really yeah interesting
yeah switches around items justified and
difficulties and stuff
yeah that could be fun I've never played
it I'm just familiar with it
that could be fun it's that's that's
kind of the the joy of any sort of
roguelike is the procedural generation
that's kind of the theory with the
blood-borne challenge dungeons the
chalice dungeons what the randomized
dungeons full of monsters yeah and but I
will say this as far as blood-borne is
concerned those were I've thought the
weakest part of blood-borne the chalice
dungeons
I don't mind him oh no I didn't mind him
in in a game that was exceedingly good
those were just kind of okay I gotta
like them oh yeah oh I did none it
didn't know they didn't have the same
drive for me that the rest of them that
the rest of the game had so I lost
interest in those mighty quickly might
find neat stuff we've got a randomly
dropped rarer version of a weapon sure
that's true
random gets boring after a while
everything feels cookie-cutter and
nothing is unique and tell that to
Master of Orion - yeah I don't know man
there's there's a lot of good random
games out there after the necrodancer
fucking great isaac spelunky there
there's too many good examples of good
random games where you might be playing
games that have done it poorly maybe
they didn't have enough variety yeah and
you know even even in games like Isaac
or spelunky or enter the gungeon where
you start to learn FTL after FTL that's
another one where you can kind of figure
out the pattern where you go oh I think
this is going to happen here if I do
this
that's just mastery of the mechanics
that's part of the joy of the games so
yeah hand of fate to a lesser extent
hand to fade
so a 3d world that is randomly generated
and also good your 3d worlds that do
this often likes it you have the the
blood borne dungeons but a lot of a lot
of times stuff like that it's like just
paste and cut sections rearrange more so
than fully randomized world but that's
terrible three a procedurally generated
3d world yeah you know we just played
that glider one yeah yeah what it was
that called super flight super flame
strafe straight yeah straight did it
poorly straped it I did not I did not
much care for the way strafe did it
some of them flat out some of the stages
is flat out aren't random is to write
these rooms always look this way
I mean I get the feeling they're talking
about maps specifically okay being
randomized
yeah I don't know if I have a good
example of a good 3d map randomizer what
is the what is the chance to say about
this you guys think of anything like
it's not even really a 3d game but XCOM
to had oh sure
random by his patches of land yeah
randomize doom ones a dude was like 2.5
D
I don't know if that counts but rich I
don't want to play a game over 30 times
just to maybe see an item that didn't
spawn him my last playthrough let's it's
not why you play roguelikes
play them to get to the end and it's
different every time finding new items
as you know as part of the things that
keep you playing them but you know it's
not the goal also there's plenty of non
roguelikes out there so don't worry you
won't be hit up for one it's right right
to only play roguelikes you're gonna be
fine don't worry kid
you're gonna be fine
XCOM is pseudo-random because they are
fitting chunks together I think every 3d
game that is tried to have random map
generation has had a system like that
except for maybe super flight I'm not
sure how they do it
well that's those those are so abstract
sure
yeah those stages those are just chunks
you know and it's not like you have to
crawl around them or anything
Anonymous's the difference between Star
Trek and Star Wars is that Trek is
optimistic because there is an entire
galaxy to explore and Star Wars is the
most pessimistic story because it's a
galaxy always at war let's that's not
quite so true these days is it oh no
it's that's I mean that's accurate
that's an actual war eyghon made so
here's 15 dollars extra tip thanks Ivan
now that I bribe you j/k yeah my Xmas
wish is for the highly asked for Metal
Gear Rising Stream hope 2018 will be
great for you and your family you two
chat thank you thank you
there
I feel like the original Star Trek was
the twilight zone in space I don't see
it I really don't see it
I suppose weird stuff happens every week
there and sure but like the I guess
there's an argument I think you're a
long ways away from just like basically
the twilight zone it's bait maybe you
don't understand the twilight zone the
twilight zone is usually a morality tale
with a big twist karma of some sort is
going on
love me some Twilight Zone love me some
twine but I don't think that Star Wars
is Star Trek it's the Twilight Zone
space at least not you know the original
series I don't see it I don't see it
yeah sitting in the edge of forever it
could have been a Twilight Zone maybe
that one yeah but like in a general
sense I don't I don't know
yeah amok time is not a Twilight Zone
episode amok time Spock in heat right he
needs he really needs to get laid and so
he beats up Captain Kirk that is not a
Twilight Zone sir unless the twist is
that he ends up having sex with Captain
Kirk like that then now you got a
Twilight Zone episode
I always forget the name of the episode
but it's a damn fine original series
episode the one the first one that
hadn't Romulans but they have to destroy
the cloaked Romulan ship before it gets
back into Romulan territory and it's
like something it's a whole episode of
just submarine combat well where Kirk is
making tactical decisions to counter the
Romulan guy who's making tackles yeah
see that's that balance of Terror
balance that is not a Twilight Zone
episode
muds woman not really a Twilight Zone
episode muds woman everybody sewed one
of the two but what was it was the name
of that exec that creature and the
mining planet who burned through Rock
Hordak I don't know anything knowing the
whole rack not a Twilight Zone episode
wasn't the original pitch basically
horatio hornblower in space no the
original pitch was Cowboys in space
because Cowboys were popular at the time
and Roddenberry was just trying to sell
it I believe what's his name the guy who
directed Wrath of Khan and undiscovered
country what's his name he's the one who
I think made the Horatio Hornblower
comparisons to Star Trek
Nick Myer thank you mm-hmm
and he's them I think he's the first one
who compared it today
are the other Star Trek series as good
as TNG no none of the Star Trek's that
are as good as TNG but the original
series and Deep Space nine are really
fucking good well and you know if you
can deal with the effects for the time I
think the original series has some s
some decent episodes in a drift us sure
does but yeah it's no TNG
snow TMG man
what do you think is the appeal of the
Star Wars IP even kids who grew up with
the prequels of Elmo and scrolled up
hundred and find it again
lightsabers I want to be a Jedi like I
want I want to have the the superpowers
oh I think even more specifically the
lights would you give a shit about Jedi
if they did not have the lightsaber
let's say they just use guns like
everyone else but they but they still
had the mind power mind power mind
powers are pretty awesome and all right
I think it's very specifically the laser
sword I would like to say it's the
combination of the boat because here
here's what I here's what I would say if
if they had laser guns but like could
still move things with their mind
awesome if they couldn't move things
with their mind but just had the laser
swords still kind of Awesome before that
I know you've heard but I I think it's
the combination of both so I I like the
powers man telekinesis is awesome
but I could see someone who had the like
you know the mind powers and and a cool
laser got laser got laser guns man yeah
these are great
lots of things have lasered yeah that's
true that's true rich Evans reshef ish
says hey guys rich have you heard or I
have heard of or read the three-body
problem it sounds vaguely familiar but I
know nothing about it it's a hard sighs
it's hard sci-fi it it's very best also
what are some sci-fi tropes you both
despise or grow tired of keep up the
fantastic work and I wasn't that
familiar with a three body problem
it sounds from a sci-fi trope I'm tired
of okay well this it's this goes beyond
sci-fi okay this is fucking I I hate I
hate the chosen one I was going to say
them yeah yeah nice I was gonna say the
chosen to chosen one the chosen one
is is the laziest writing any writer can
write he's the he's the the the one who
will being bring peace because he is the
one who will be bring peace the chosen
one needs to the destined one yes all of
those all of those BBS's
I would love to see a story Jack okay
right with you some kind of fantasy
story yeah
where the chosen one has to take the
sacred item and do the the sacred thing
but then the chosen one gets killed and
the sacred item gets destroyed and the
other characters you know early in the
story sure and then the other characters
have to find a way to solve the problems
despite all that shit on their own I
like it yeah like the first 20 minutes
is yeah as a whole as a whole movie
compressing at 20 minutes then our hero
hero bites it just rock slide or
something destroys them and the sacred
object and everyone else is like shit do
we do we have a plan B right that's the
that's a plan B the name of the movie is
plan B
yeah how how much agency doesn't remove
from your character if they are destined
to do the thing at the end there's no
choice involved there's no character
moment there's no decision-making
it's I'm going to I'm going to slay the
beast because it was written down that
I'm gonna slay the Beast you might as
well say the script says I slay the
Beast so I guess I have to there's no
there's no agency now the person who
wasn't destined to slay the Beast s to
slay the Beast and they have to do it
without the sacred thing that is the
only thing that can defeat right so
maybe they have to make some decisions
maybe there's some fail right along the
way right yeah yeah maybe we get to know
them as a character and we can you know
projector so like that's see and and
that's not to say that there can't be
like the special circumstances Spider
Man right
Spider Man a Peter Parker got
superpowers and then fucked off with
them for a little bit but then you know
he wasn't chosen to be the hero of New
York he made that decision for a
specific reason yeah
it was as inferno oh great
I got the fire power
yeah there's a brush on source oh it's
like the water
okay
also the powers get a little repetitive
so I have I have a power in economy
where I can make like a waterspout map
and if there's a water source and yeah
you draw a line from the water to the
thing the water goes on now if I have a
fire source I can draw a line from the
fire to the thing okay I want to light
up fire so it's like it's very similar
things samurai does it well tribler
review says samurai does it well of a
distant hero failing to defeat the big
villain dealing with the consequences is
that him is that a movie samurai or
Booker samurai I think Oh were you guys
I I want to say the people who aren't
the chosen one need to do with the
chosen one he was the only one that can
do it but they have to do it so so don't
have the powers and they don't have the
fate behind them but like were they like
were they you know help me write the
movie were they the chosen ones like
posse or were they just people down in
the village
I could I could deal with it either way
okay yeah sure so like you know you can
do make it like the squire of the night
you know okay so so the move the movie
starts with the hero the obvious hero
sure ripped in everything walking into
the village and the ancient one lays out
the prophecy I'm like you know what I
might not even make it the obvious hero
I would I might make it the kid who's
supposed to rise to greatness oh then
you can kill a kid yeah and now you're
talking cuz then the kid dies and that
means that Han Solo the Han Solo
character has to deal with yeah great I
gotta take down the Empire now wait I
got to do what no it's like it's not you
know it's not Han Solo it's yeah it's
just it's but but the one that died
should be like totally the Luke
Skywalker of course of course and but
and that what's his what was his friend
I meant for great things
how's tubs big pigs I always forget his
name
and then like Biggs is just like well
I'm in the military maybe I think yes
thing how about we just make a plan of
action guys perfect
now it's something it's something that I
know I've said before and something that
I truly truly believe that like fate and
destiny are a lazy screenwriters tool
they can work I'm just utterly sick of
it I just think it's always lazy always
it take it takes away all sorts of
agency and urgency and character
development from from your hero it can
work because it has worked its button
I don't doesn't mean I likes it
we're two and a half hours into the
stream when are we gonna get to spoilers
once we hit three well Mike will make
the last leg of the we assure you can
talk to me but I don't I so don't give a
shit yeah well I'm just saying like
general like if it won't be a super
in-depth thing yeah rich already knows
I'm not sitting here with a bunch of
things to say about it
oh no but you know if the chat wants to
chat yeah I know you already did a thing
you're you know you soon I barely found
enough to say about it then right that's
fair rich
ha
yes
look my love myth says Ridge what is the
I think this is supposed to be algorithm
but it's al gay ride tiem before an
episode of TOS episode what words do we
type into the machine that tip made no
sense and I can't answer it because it
literally makes no sense just I guess
they just want to know what what made
for good the original series episodes
sure no one ever really broke it down
he's watched episodes and enjoyed them
honestly yeah
do you care much for the original sirs I
had I I've seen a few episodes here
there you know it's hard it's hard to
watch because the effects and and the
the settings and the staging hasn't aged
particularly well but I've seen a few
episodes here there I've never been a
huge fan of it no I just I'm a TNG fan
person I just I just I never really
broke it down like that I can't tell you
what I think specifically what elements
make for a good TOS episode sure sure
like you know good TNG is a is a deep
and thoughtful moral conundrum on a
weirdo alien planet with weirdo alien
rules that's the best
something something kirk takes a risk
risk pays off
something-something Kirk takes the risk
it's like I'm in the writers room
there's usually Spock solving all the
problems yeah they haven't fucked
without Spock well he was the he was the
superhero
Spock couldn't lead though no there's
absolutely try there was a Shuttle crash
in the land and spawn was on he was in
command
he's shockingly enough not good with
people
whoa whoa whoa whoa Spock is not good
with people one of those episodes is
like Spock has saved everybody's asked
way to many times we need to show his
weakness yeah like people are just
starting to wonder why Spock isn't the
captain we should do something about
that
why was Spock Navas cabanne was too
logical that sounds like a strange thing
to say you know Spock did not I highly
value logic myself but but there is a
human element right when it comes to
saving lives that's you know a robot
wouldn't be good at necessarily where
whereas Spock would sit you know whereas
Spock would easily say if we let this
one crewman die we can all live
comfortably the needs of the many then
these are the many outweigh the needs of
the few of the one Kirk would say we
don't leave one man behind we must get
that Pearlman don't you understand Spock
if we leave him behind what what are we
as men then after the guy inevitably
dies when sparks in command we need to
have a funeral that would be a waste of
resources take the body to the galley
and have it prepared for eating terrible
leader his nutritional contents could be
added to our replicator system don't you
understand
Vulcan ships probably do that don't they
eat their day oh yeah
don't they have a burial thing or no
they just jettison oh yeah I guess they
do I don't know they haven't I thought
they had a yeah everything it always
feels weird when they try to give
Vulcans like all this religious ceremony
type stuff it feels so contradictory
yeah yeah is it religion or is it um is
it just what if it's certainly ceremony
its ceremony yeah but it's not
necessarily religion quasi religion
there's probably a better word for it
than really didn't just
oh uh okay start a fire that's the
question
I got some got some puzzles to solve
