Episode 919
Doggie Doo What Ninten Don't (Okami pt 3)(Last Jedi Spoilers)
December 24, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ctMyMF6frs
___________________________________________

true-blue reduces speaking of chosen
ones yes
Tripoli review what's your favorite
movie or game that fied your
expectations in terms of its story and I
meant Samurai Jack as an example of
where a destined hero fuck's up anyway
oh sure yeah Oh Samurai Jack
you just said samurai maybe you mr. Jack
like I could have oh maybe he said
Samurai Jack and I assumed you were
talking to me Samurai
yeah yeah sorry yeah Samurai Jack is a
good tale of that of you know the
destined hero who who you know confronts
the evil one as he is destined and he
just fucks up well he eventually yeah
sure but I come with you
I'm with you um what was the first part
of that again my favorite story that
defied expectations and that's that's a
lot of stories to sort through and find
out one that meets that criteria it's a
hard thing to just off the top of my
head say oh this or that I have against
my own expectations it been enjoying a
lot of these story elements - witcher 3
but then I think the story went in a
direction you would not have expected it
defied the convention and oh that way
that's what I think they made okay sure
sure
that's a good question and I don't have
necessarily an answer for that time yeah
I know yeah yeah that's a tough that's a
tough question to answer I need to find
a way to go more up
um this time it's lupus says was a fun
book series called sir apropos of
nothing or apropos of apropos is pissed
he's not the chosen one and his story so
he max out of the chosen one deals his
horse and takes over the adventure
alright I'm down with that
Nana says hi you hack Franz are you
ashamed of your airtight opinions ie you
didn't absolutely love the last Jedi
machine I think that's sarcastic
probably oh yeah probably sarcastic how
dear right it's hard to tell maybe start
adult as we've heard some crazy things
there because it's hard to tell because
there are people who for who would say
something of that and not be sarcastic
right yeah right how dare you rich how
dare you watch a movie and have your own
thoughts about that movie
people be crazy man people lick my love
bits says check out me talking to a dude
channeling a reptilian on YouTube could
be bullshit but fuck it earth gets dull
after a while do we do we show for this
guy what does he want wants us to click
on a youtube link I want this is read
about I think this is YouTube thing I'm
not sure I think lick my love that's
might be drunk I'm not a hundred percent
sure baby maybe we'll do it later
alright now how about that
check what's the vote oh do we do we
look up this person's YouTube video do I
finish reading his thing so you can look
up his YouTube video or do I hold back
what what says drought do we without
without watching it first play it live
on stream and react to it live is that
what you want lick my love bits that's
probably not a good idea
I'm just knows what the content is
exactly yeah yeah I'm gonna say no to
definitely that it's roulette and I'm
slightly uncomfortable with this but I'm
gonna move on
moving on whining it out says rich the
last Jedi review was great the bossy
Yoda bit was hilarious I'm genuinely
surprised Mike didn't have footage to
make an awkward subtitle joke joke there
have a wonderful holiday break thank you
I know we got verinha we're late seeing
the movie as it was I'm I'm sure he was
in a rush to get it edited but a
fandango.com for your movie ticket me
that's such a bummer such a bummer
j.r.r love crap says in executive
decision
steven seagal who never loses is killed
in a boarding accident and Kurt Russell
who isn't supposed to be there must take
command and save the day
against planned ads okay
madam says that was supposed to say all
right not airtight stupid autocorrect
and yes it was sarcasm yeah that
autocorrect
I might have misread it - I don't know
no it doesn't say airtight ads
autocorrect I didn't miss read it fun
fact
Kurt Russell in that movie is one of the
only non Harrison Ford based Jack Ryan's
so who is it Ann Hunt for Red October
Jack Ryan I think it is Chet
hunt for red october that's jack ryan
right that's a good question I can't
remember what was Alec Baldwin but is it
Jack Ryan yeah they're saying yes yeah
no okay well there you go
Ben Affleck also played him and some of
offers
that's that's the one role that elderly
Harrison Ford hasn't revisited isn't it
can we be thankful for that can we just
be thankful that grandpa doesn't want to
play that one too I'll do another Tom
Clancy if we can kill off Jack Ryan we
all know you want to retire just stay
down is it easy to miss that a character
is supposed to be Jack Ryan you expect
Jack Ryan to be Harrison form you see
another thriller and this is character
and you don't really realize that's
supposed to be Jack Ryan is it something
that happens frequently maybe but you
didn't know Hunt for Red October was
Jack Brown right Ryan I didn't know that
was supposed to be somebody somebody
very engaging character isn't it's I
mean what is that that's based off of a
book series yeah yeah so it's it's just
one of those things where you you know
bond that has certain things that makes
him James Bond eat immediately
recognizable I don't know if Jack Ryan
has those things beyond just being he's
the designated protagonist right like
I'm good at spy you think I you know
designated protagonist better isn't it
yeah I am guy who wins
he's not even the main character in his
book so there you go
the main characters in his book what a
sad existence Jack would you call this
game fun and rich are you interested in
playing after watching Jack is the game
not look very good to be perfectly
honest most of the time I've been
looking at the chat or looking at tips
or talking to Jack I I haven't been
paying that much attention the game is
not worth it as far as I'm concerned I
it's starting to get fun ish but the
first 10 hours has been nothing but
utter utter bullshit it's so much
talking so much over explanation of the
plot it's been a little insufferable
this is fine like it is finally picking
up but I think if it only picks up after
10 hours you got a problem
mm-hm you got a problem with the game
so most games are over in ten hours
you know that's so fun I'm so fine with
that if it's a fun game yeah
it was over in 10 hours it was fine yeah
this one is it's too just there's
there's so much BS with the with the
good game
rich vine no by verdict and shadow of
war I guess no by just cuz I kind of
stopped playing it and wasn't really
that interested yeah yeah
which isn't the same thing as terrible
but
how does it compare to the first one I
didn't get that deep in the shadow of
war hate over Mordor I'm shadow of
Mordor I don't know how to describe this
just the four what little I played the
combat wasn't feeling as good to me I
don't know what it was maybe some minor
timing thing or something but okay I
couldn't even put my finger on exactly
what it was
I enjoyed beating up things more in the
first one oh yeah yeah hard to quantify
what exactly it was sure interesting
am I supposed to light on fire
oh they lights all of them on fire I get
it I get it
let's play more text parlor games marry
someday you know what I saw on Steam
maniac mansion I saw that as well
fucking mansion maniac mansion on Steam
guess we got to play it maniac mansion
is on Steam now I checked gog I didn't
see a therapist
that's my reaction
guess I'll buy it on that's what I did
what did gog though
what's gonna happen to Carrie Fisher and
nine I don't know that's up to a whole
group of people who are not us I don't
know that's up to a whole mess of people
she's gonna have to die off screen or
she'll be off somewhere else doing
something which would be kind of weird
episode 9 what we set in the distant
future also possible the other actors
aren't going to visibly age that much Oh
actually yeah let's hope not because I
don't know I don't want to see old like
old lady makeup on ray that'd be weird
goodnight that may go a few years in the
future
five sure sure
time to restart 5:30 5:30 issue oh yeah
8:30 a 26 a 24 more minutes four more
minutes - no spoilers don't sell them
too much I'm not oh I'm not I'm just I'm
merely stating the fact that we will not
restrain ourselves with any sort of
spoilers it's this is we're not gonna be
crazy here
this is not like a super duper a
super-dee-duper thing here
just just a friendly heads-up we'll be
talking about it and if you haven't seen
it yet we're gonna look em talk spoils
super spoils these are people split
fairly evenly on this movie I believe
they are J and you know that's just from
what I've seen online cuz like I said I
did a fairly good job of staying away
from all criticism commentary and
spoilers before I saw it so I came out
of it going hey
much like rogue one yeah and I came out
of rogue one going oh man everyone's
gonna hate this and I was dead wrong and
I came out of this one going man people
are sure gonna get a kick out of the oh
no you know but but just how they're
treating look at J and I on Twitter both
of us are getting excessive hates yeah
feeling very differently about it so
people say I need to go to Twitter oh
god no oh you're fine I mean how do you
like your sanity I like it just fine
yeah then you're fine
all these things
what do we have to shoot with the Canon
rich that's the question
Twitter is like the purge and text form
I'm moving the purge in text form
interesting it's an interesting
description
you know sometimes Twitter can be great
sometimes sometimes it's just one of
those things where you see a little joke
that makes your day sometimes you know
you get to you get to talk to you know
have a little conversation with people
that you would never have imagined that
you get to talk to that's really nice
and sometimes it's a horrible pit full
of assholes and despair it's it's it's
one of them mixed bags you'd love rich
musings on Twitter here's the thing I'd
probably never use it
because I don't give a shit about this
like sharing my thoughts and social
media I'm I'm I'm I don't have the right
mindset for that
I have a facebook just to keep in touch
with relatives and whatnot sure it's
pretty much all I use it for I don't
ever post this is how I feel about this
that it never fucking happen you know
what really irks me you know what I
really irked about today darn shame darn
Genrich but you're doing it now really
isn't the same thing no this is very
different
and that simple back and forth right
there it shows you why it's very
different yeah this we can have a
conversation here Twitter - Twitter is
not a conversation Twitter is is several
people yelling at each other you know
just shouting into each other's face
holes and and that's not what that's not
what we do here there's a little bit I
mean obviously there's a delay but
there's a little bit of a back-and-forth
cookies which is the nice part of our
twitch
and some health
it seemed this seems like the hallway
right before a big boss fight as all
these pots are here so health in pots
sometimes I'd be more comfortable if I
had like one or two more health ok Kells
I could use some howls rich there might
be a thing in the game I don't know
bring out the hills
I'll fuck you
how come he is a great game you heathens
know what I disagree
I've not said anything about it
I disagree my friend I think it is
mediocre at best social media is all
about dishing out the most powerful drug
available today attention no say you see
the weird thing about me is that I ended
up doing shit like this for a living
yeah but I absolutely do not crave
attention I have it is very strange
because you are you're saying that to
hundreds of people at this very moment I
know I know but I do not crave attention
yeah oh it's it's ego feeding that
that's social media
my opinion on the police academy films
over the first few been good dumb fun I
think I saw some of the later ones
you don't think you did it's hard they
blur
they really do blur oh yeah they really
do
once he gets the citizens on patrol it's
like what's even the point
says the guy who looked a porn because
that was part of a thing I was getting
paid to film I was hanging out with
friends it just happens that's filmed
you know what we call bits you see good
old bits it's in the script
RIT which looks the porn and you know
you're gonna like the poor it's in the
scrap org that's the joke
that's the joke goddamn right it's the
joke of the poor
fighting demons yeah
Wow
yeah okay great great
that's great guys doing great I feel I
feel like we're doing great are we I
don't know I mean I'm progressing I'm
progressing in the game the Death Star
Catching Fire was not scripted now the
nerd crew is just a weird blend of
scripted and unscripted there's a script
and then we usually quickly get off
script actually I'm not even sure if the
Licking was in the script or not I
honestly don't remember the the line
between between what you what you
improvise and what you script is
blurring every rapidly yeah that's great
that's great I don't even know who's the
nerd anymore
I don't believe in the house was in the
script oh yeah
it's the container of sausages and the
lootcrate of sperms everything in the
lootcrate supposed to surprise i mean
mike dude
I was legit gag I believe it I don't
even want to think about it
it's like they were gray in the middle
gray it's not that's not normal what was
the toy with the name crossed out and
Ray written on it I forgot which
Ghostbuster oh wise it was one of the
ghostbusters
we make him monster soup and I want to
make monster she El Rey says it was a
Melissa McCarthy wasn't sure couldn't
remember
hi hi we're doing great I'm doing great
we're doing great gotta go reading the
great Bell now I was the great Bell are
you guys tossing all that crap with no
plans on using it which which crap look
what there's a lot of crap in this world
and I'm not sure which crap you're
talking about specifically yeah yeah
please be specific with the crap
hey Chad I'm not I'm not sure if that
dogs wearing a mask or there's not some
kind of Japanese spiritual Shinto kind
of thing well he's wearing a mask
because I'm in the realm of the demons
and the demons all wear this paper mask
with a symbol painted on it okay so
that's my costume that's my disguise you
see okay okay it's a great disguise
I'll have to ring in eight times
there we go
it's cute the the art direction of this
game is super cute I love the demons
they do this thing whenever you're like
you meet a new enemy where they show
like one of those old Japanese scrolls
with that that very specific art style
you know I'm talking about that ancient
Japanese art style like that's super
great there's a lot of good things about
this but
look my love bit says just to thank you
I have Asperger syndrome and as a result
tend to retreat into my own head a lot
there are only a few things I I come out
for red-letter medium and a laughter of
rich ends well thank you very much
glad to be of service deal that's this
job
we're going to the throne room darn sad
says I can't enjoy watching Masters of
the Universe even as a joke anymore
since I find found out the director was
named in the deep Brian singer lawsuit
as an accomplice yeah you know a lot of
scum in the world I don't have to be a
lot of movies you reject yep
don't any things that harm me Harvey
Weinstein Weinstein producer no just
just about every single thing yeah just
about every single movie you love for
that probably every movie that got you
into moviemaking Harvey Weinstein had a
had a shake in a finger in that
you
kill
oh here we go big fight big fight big
fight coming up
true blue review says what did you think
of Benicio Del Toro's character in the
last Jedi I didn't expect him but I
liked him as sort of evil han Solo that
helps them then betrays them but doesn't
redeem himself in the end I thought I
was a waste of a character so spoiler is
we are in full Star Wars boiler time B
TW you've all been warned
aye I thought it was really strange that
he decided to give his character speech
impediment I thought that I got nothing
out of that character well that was kind
of annoying he you know his purpose was
to get paid betraying people who are
already caught by the evil bb-8 droid no
he gave up the the shuttles that were
going okay okay
yeah his point was the the he was what
they could have turned into had they let
cynicism and apathy take over their
hearts why is he in an action-adventure
movie sunspace they're going for a power
of good versus evil thing I didn't feel
that though I didn't and and he was
there to be the cynical asshole and and
so you know and and he states as much I
am the cynical asshole and and he was
the cautionary tale for Finn and Rose
okay is what I was saying I you know and
and I think things do get a little met
the messages do get a little muddled
towards the end but but I actually
really liked all of the failures that
were happening all over the place and
being part of it I'm sure Benicio del
Toro will be a general in the next one
hahaha if if this is a Star Wars movie
if we know anything about Star Wars
movies
we know that he'll be a general in the
next one absolutely good tired and sad
says Michael aren't the first writer of
force awakens said in early drafts every
time Luke came in and entered the movie
he just took it over suddenly you didn't
care about your main character anymore
hmm there's people like Luke
people people like the thing that helped
people like the thing that out I think I
do think that's that's a funny statement
because Luke is the one who has the
character arc not Rey in the movie ender
in Ray's story it is you know there's
like there's three stories happening in
the gave his character some development
and it'll be interesting to see what
they do with them in the next so that
was a waste no they gave him they he
finished his arc he finished his arc man
but in Ray's part of the story ray does
not have a character arc Luke to us was
just a mistake
nice you're gonna make the new trilogy
about the new characters then give her
the arc
yeah but you also need to close out the
old characters because this couldn't
this could have been well I know they
wouldn't have done this but it could
have been sent another 20 years now
they've already been gone it could could
have but they it's not you know they
they had to close the door from the old
sequels and that was part of that
getting rid of the old assuring in the
new all that usual stuff I did like what
they did in general other than the one
line other than the one-liners I like
mostly what they did would be gonna go
on the island yeah oh yeah just being
afraid yeah yeah yeah he's great he was
great and good good old ray just hey hey
man what did I'm here I'm here to do the
thing that everyone expects me to hit
then I'm here to do and he's like now I
fuck you yeah that's fun that was fun I
loved
the I loved pose the the turn on the
head of poby in the wild the wild pilot
who doesn't play by the rules just like
being kind of the the loser of that
story I thought that was nice
Luciano's were steaming himself look I
get the whole failure thing I just why
are they failing why do we need to see
that since I can rise that interest so
they can learn what what did they learn
alright alright somatically thematically
right ok old generations going out and
new generation you know what they don't
they don't need us they're gonna do what
they're gonna do they're gonna find
their own way right so so we got oh
sorry and it and it seems like they're
just gonna be doing the same things the
adults we're doing just you know 40
years later we're set up we're set up
for more empire versus rebels and and
the all the young doing their own thing
is exactly the same thing that the old
was doing well they they they face
planted on the message hears we have
where it gets a little bit muddled
because it is Star Wars the Star Wars
has one story to tell
yeah the but very clearly Poe is
learning how to be a leader and not a
hotshot pilot finn is learning about his
place in the rebellion AKA not just
chasing after ray actually fighting for
someone
what poe learned was okay we have to
give up when we're surely going to die
that's what poe learned like him turning
around seemed very weird to me and not
the right move for the particular
situation when destroying that that door
cannon was their only hope but it wasn't
their only hope
making the strategic retreat was their
best hope because no one knows that Luke
Skywalker is gonna show up and nobody
knows that the Foxes know one other way
out of there with the information he had
the right call was the risky maneuver
I thought he turned back because no no
no because destroy this it was a direct
parallel to that first mission okay and
in that first mission most of everyone
died it's what's the point of having a
rebellion if there is no one left to
rebel but if you okay but at the
situation they were in specifically at
the end if they didn't do something
desperate there was going to be no
rebellion to rebel against anything
right and so he needed to make a
leadership choice wish the right choice
was to keep going and smashed the thing
because it's our only hope that they
knew of at the time they needed to get
together and come up with a plan they
needed if that was the plan they came up
with right and and po very very smartly
said this is a bashing our head against
the unbreakable cannon is a bad plan
know what he said was we need to go to
this cave and wait to die no it was
forged it was it was a regather it was
regathered
it made sense
it made sense cuz even without even
without Luke they they didn't find the
way out because Luke found a way in they
found a way out because they they were
thinking about the foxes okay okay it
makes sense it makes sense and fin
listen the movie has problems basically
what you're saying is they got lucky
sure okay sure okay but but the tactical
lesson that Poe learned was to retreat
and maybe we'll get lucky
the tactical lesson that that Poe not
Finn the tax class and that Poe learned
was having people left to fight is
better than sacrificing everyone okay
that made sense now Finn on that casino
planet that would that went on too long
sure that went on way too long and I
hear that but again his whole arc was
discovering what he wanted to fight for
the whole first movie he was either
running away or just trying to save Rey
that was it that's all he had to fight
for was the lady he had a good chemistry
with ran the first one they had like no
screen time together in this movie that
was weird if you're gonna develop the
new heroes but but he couldn't just be
like Rey the guy who's going after right
he needed a reason to be in the rubella
was why we have oh my god I'm so sorry
which is why we have the casino planet
which I agree is not handled the best
but you do get cute little candy boat
kiddy ponies I did like those kiddy
ponies
and then the whole the whole ray and
Luke stuff was great the the problem is
when they start meeting and it does get
a bit muddled right because like like
like pose lesson was don't be don't be a
don't die a hero live to fight another
day right and then as a as an audience
hold on I'm getting there but then as an
audience we're supposed to go yeah that
was the right call but then Luke
immediately jumps out and dies a hero
and we're supposed to be okay with that
yeah that's muddled mixed messages
muddled muddled well because it's also
it also goes along with that whole the
the older generation is making way for
the new ones and when those two ideas
met in that instance it was super
muddled I agree with that okay this was
what I'm saying
they didn't come together as eloquently
as they should have all of all of the
arcs
I know Mon Mothra had addressed two but
that seemed more like a diplomat her big
white dress didn't it have little didn't
Mon Mothma have like little general tabs
on her white dress don't remember you
don't remember it didn't look like an
evening dress no it looked like a space
dress whereas whereas laura dern looked
like an evening dress you know
ranger xt says after watching the last
Jedi I have to assume there is a
cutscene of three or four porks firing
the other set of guns and the Millennium
Falcon oh oh you know someone a Disney
made that note right somewhere along the
line you know they did I know they did
and I know that someone said no and was
really smart
I liked the ports they that was a that
was perfect toy fodder siren says his
Empire Strikes Back is all about failure
loops get his ass kicked by Vader layin
Hans spin their wheels at Cloud City
before being betrayed and caught it's
more like Empire than people are saying
yeah I agree Empire is is the exact same
thing that it's it's two movies just
about character development we are just
getting prepped for the final movie in
the trilogy no no and I like that what
this felt like to me was a great big
windup and I and so I that's why I liked
it no it felt like a conclusion it was
winding up to nothing no all the
characters are ready now
there's no there's nothing interesting
dramatically to grow off into you only
have growth from here you you have our
small band of rebels who have literally
been abandoned by everyone else that
needs to start fresh and you have kylo
taking over the power vacuum from snow
who him and little pissy what was the
guy's name red hair
I don't honks sure sure you got him in
Huck's who are going to like lead the
the first order as two little brats it's
gonna be great he's gonna chew on all
that scenery he's got a choke on it all
it's gonna be great in Therese chewing
yeah that's that's why he's good
that's why he's good he's a good bad guy
he's a bad guy that you want to get hit
you want him to get slept around sucks
where are the Knights of Ren I could
only assume those are the the red guys
and they were fighting you think I
thought the name of Ren were Jedi's or
Jedi in trainings maybe that's what they
were they had their fought with weapons
like swords and not guns
oh I don't sure were the Knights of Ren
the the people that he ran away with
after he did the temple yes yeah maybe
they're just sitting around somewhere
maybe that's the next movie you know Lux
should have been played by Jia free
right scorn that perfect bad guy who's
just a dickhead all through and through
kylo Ren after the fig turn just seems
so childish and that's our that's our
villain that's her main villain just a
brat is that satisfying our main Ville
is just a bratty kid yeah well I can I
can only assume that you know okay so
much much like the jump from Empire to
Jedi right if you look at the look at
Luke's jump from Empire to Jedi sure
Luke leaves Empire is he's nothing his
hands broken and he comes into Jedi
literally like super cool Jedi guy so I
can only assume in the next movie we're
gonna get a little bit of jump kado is
gonna get a little bit of experience
under his belt and he's going to be that
authority figure and we will have
watched to the transition from branch to
authority figure see kylo Ren being kind
of a a failure and a brat and the force
awakens didn't bother me yeah cuz I
never thought he was gonna be the head
the main villain throughout it okay I
figured they would go a different
direction
I saw them turning him and me
it's something more with snow or
whatever or someone else but I never
thought he was actually going to full-on
be the Darth Vader I thought they're
gonna throw a curve ball in there
somewhere but no he is the Darth Vader
but he's also a childish whiny brat
yeah I think it could work I think it
can work
I mean I just like that I like that
actor so much and it makes it makes
sense like with his connection with Ray
and you know they're the good and the
light they're the balance and you know
it works they have almost the same
personality that whiny fuckin prick in
the prequels is not Darth fucking Vader
yeah he's just like Anakin that's oh god
I hate Star Wars Oh God
at
and you got Tim pot or anything else and
nothing else
any nope is what they want on topics is
anonymous rich Jack or anyone else
remember drop-dead gorgeous 1999 no
laser swords but it's alright
beauty pageant mockumentary with
Minnesotan accents feel like aural feels
like Harlem humor okay bye anonymous
thank you
look my love that says Star Wars has the
word Wars in it its name dictates its
behavior Star Trek has a center NASA not
a synonym for travel and discovery in
its title your opinion are they bound by
their names or I think the Star Trek is
proving that you're not ah
Star Trek is now about constant
unceasing warp
I thought in the first wagons that Kyla
was an interesting take on Darth Vader
but now he's just anakin from the
prequels to me uh I've come to hate him
by the movie not in a good way like I
hate his character now
he turned into Anakin straight out of
Revenge of the Sith I will be powerful
and I'm angry the only I guess the the
only difference is you can see unlike
Anakin you can see where his angst comes
from here
can you why did he hate han Solo and
Leia in the first place because they
they abandoned him right he's a he's a
he's an insecure he's an insecure person
growing up in the shadow of the heroes
of the old whatever right and so they
they abandoned him with Luke Han he had
a couple throwaway line there Luke did
right Han was very Han about it right
which meant that he left and didn't give
a fuck and then the one guy who was
supposed to be teaching him he thinks is
about to kill him in the innocence just
an insecure dude in the throne room when
they had the brief team up with him and
Rey I thought they might do something
interesting with that yeah I mean I
think that was the interesting thing
they did with him right but no I'm evil
and it's gonna be Empire versus rebels
to the Teemo the five second team up the
five second team up
this is interesting dynamic the two of
them working together it's I that's good
oh oh it's not gonna be that he's he's
just gonna be evil damn it oh it's not
too late
I saw too late what I needed to do
no I liked I liked what they I liked
what they had to do in the throne room
and and to me like I said it it made
sense that he would be the opposite of
rain that he would be the one he you
know cuz his his solution his solution
is is almost the same as ray which which
is you know like let's start over yeah
but you know he says let's burn it all
down and Ray's like well no let's build
it all up he's like now we have to kill
everyone let's burn it all down he's
he's every he is that entitled the
entitled brat where he's just like you
know nothing nothing can work we have to
burn it down like that's just bad guy
stuff it works it works brain never
showed any interesting dark side there's
a whole scene in the movie where Luke
shows you the forest and she instantly
gravitates towards the dark side they
did nothing with that no that wasn't her
gravitating towards the dark side Luke
slow spiel about you didn't even resist
it right but that wasn't the dark sir
alright that that was that was the that
was the thing on the island that Luke
feared most which wasn't the dark side
but a literal fucking mirror
it was here Luke didn't Luke didn't want
to confront his own mistakes which was
the mirror in the down there like it was
it was I guess it was the dark side to
move
to be like the evil dark side that was
just the thing Luke feared most which
ray could handle
you do
you know it's gone
jack is painfully right I know
Sorry Sorry oh yeah no you don't have to
get it you don't have to
but it's not like it's not like that
tough you know they're not here they're
not very subtle
fucking wake up do your thing please
and deal with this together
Jack you are true evil yeah like and
like I said there there are very there
are very valid criticisms to be made of
the movie I do think a lot of the
messaging gets muddled as they start
converging on the stories and you know I
do think some are some of the some of
the humor doesn't work although
that's the case then you're free to
finish
right here do I hit
do I hit
what do I do
just dang it
right now
what do you think came
that
just that
spider-man and Schuster you got yourself
a spider-man she's like yes I did I mean
you know quality cheesesteak I'm sure
I have to do this very fucking head
I just do this effect
that's my question
well your experience with boss battles
so far they've been long right yes so
every head
that's what's gonna mesh oh nothing I
dubbed a little bit into the visual
metaphor that was ray in the mirror
which by the way say what you will about
the meaning of that as a cool anything
what did it mean huh what did it mean
Mele just meant a mirror it was just
looking into yourself and your past
mistakes which is what Luke did not want
to do but I just thought the imagery of
her 'la you know like the time snap
thing that was really neat looking
beyond the the visual metaphor but uh
is that
there's a lot of neat looking things in
this movie
fucking every head rich probably I'm
eating a cheese stir well is that string
cheese oh well yeah usually break it up
strip it down the side yeah why are you
happy even better really I think the
only purpose of that is to make it last
longer I mean it's obviously just cheesy
that you choose however you want
oh yeah cuz I'm you tearing off little
bits just to just to extend the cheese
eating experience don't you think
take the time get little cheese strips
instead of instead of big hunk o cheese
that's how I see it
Jack's right oh this is for a change
yeah well welcome to my life I said it
scares me too and then you gets a little
cheese I always you know what part I
like always liked about that is the
little cheese like danglies I was like
the cheese dangles yeah Oh cuz it's
spider-man cheese oh there you go
if we're just taking bites on it that's
fair that's fair
as fare rich I mean obviously wrong but
fair issues with the last Jedi have to
do then I felt like they didn't really
have anything for him to do they didn't
really really didn't Andy will invent
something for him to do this he you know
it's one of those things where my
interpretation of it was Finn's journey
was was finding his reason to fight for
the good side in general because really
all he's had was rape where did he find
that in the casino planet and he saw how
badly the little people were being
treated the young animals the young wing
all right all right and he's like he's
like oh my god there's some shit
happening here that feels weak you sure
sure that's fair
by the way I I will I think that's a
fair criticism super weak
but you know you know you need a
location change and need you need
something for these people to do and and
we all like Finn
Finn's great didn't he get that in the
very first scene of the force awakens
yes yes he did and no no he did not
no he did not what did he get in the
first scene in force awakens he got a
want to run oh god he wanted to run away
in the force awakens
well he got to see the the first order
butchering people yeah and then he and
then he just wanted to get out of it
yeah he didn't want to help anybody he
just wanted to leave okay and then this
is him finding his reason to help what
was it about the kids that made him want
to help but not leaving him as opposed
to watching the latest people to chat
the force awakens I assumed it had
something to do with him being taken as
a kid but I don't I don't know if it was
ever specifically stated but his kids
man
see kids get hurt that's different than
seeing old dudes get hurt
this can't be the end of the game Genet
so you have a Midway boss maybe I mean
this is the boss of legend this is the
boss we introduced a boss behind the
boss or maybe you get beat
after beating the boss fight sure the
effete yeah yeah
what you want
you're right
death metal six one six is rlm a spot on
with their analysis of the last Chennai
Ridge despite you and J saying that
you're not huge Star Wars fans I feel
like you understand Star Wars much
better than most die-hard super fans no
thank you
or we just like different things about
Star Wars entire possibility to know
sure is that a bunch of times I think
the original movies are great but
somewhat less so Jedi but
this time it's lupus is no Star Wars
discussion is ever complete until we get
rich to emphatically explain I fucking
hate Star Wars I really like kylo Ren
and Ray's relationship strongest part of
the movie by far yeah their
conversations were interesting oh yeah I
like that that was shot too the Luke
stuff was interesting
the throne-room stuff was interesting
and then it wasn't cuz it was a neat
fight need fight with all the red dudes
the animals were all terrible and virgin
into prequel territory that was a small
part of it little kitty ponies man you
little kitty ponies
it was all find that I mean that whole
sequence that whole casino planet did go
on for way too long that's just the
truth of it what don't you like about
Return of the Jedi rich and mostly the
indoor stuff or at least the this stuff
of the Ewoks and the moon
yeah it gets a little it gets a little
too cutesy doopsy with the Ewoks and it
probably should have been Han Solo in
the Falcon because I just don't give a
shit about Lando Calrissian Leia Lando
and fish monster it was a trader he
never did enough to redeem himself in my
eyes Lando he blew up the Death Star
oh you mean before that before that yeah
well he said he saved
he saved Han after you know giving him
up did he did he he was part of the
group that part of them part of the
group okay okay part of the group he was
on the news on the floaty thing right he
was there on the floaty thing when when
it was time to save Han and Luke
you wouldn't have to think about why the
first order this because it just yeah
it's Star Wars the bet there's bad guys
and we're fighting the bad guys this
feels like an end this feels like an end
game but it can't be an end game
rich really can't sympathize with
Lando's betrayal I had solved that moral
quandary at six rich obviously that
person is very smart rich Evans holds a
grudge yeah and if somebody betrayed me
yeah to grind a bit of an axe to grind
listen I I don't care if you had a
mining colony to think of and you didn't
have a choice you fucking gave me to
Darth Vader dick oh you had a planet to
think of a fuck you
but what about love
love didn't put my ass and Imperial
torture chamber but think about that
think about that Lando would have been
killed and Darth Vader would have killed
well exactly I think the the the implied
threat was that Darth Vader was gonna
shut down the entire mining operation
putting possibly hundreds or thousands
of people out of a job possibly killing
that many people write that Lando was in
charge of he wasn't just a smuggler
anymore Lando was in charge of people
Jack what did you think about screw
sacrificing yourself for the rebellion
it's love that will really save us I
thought that was hysterical when she was
saying that as the laser that was going
to help kill all of her friends was
going off in the background the laser
that she prevented thin from destroying
I thought that was hysterical you know I
guess I guess here's the thing you know
yeah muddled that's that's that yeah I'm
with you that's a super valid criticism
and I'm super with it very muddled I I
guess do we know that he would have
damaged it in any way had he just run
into it oh yeah right
or what or was once again was Finn just
looking for a way out was he just
looking to run the hell of a way out
confrontation that are run James he's no
I mean he was good that was like suicide
by a laser battering ram
that's what Finney was doing no yeah
obviously I'm I can be with you in there
that was kind of lame I have no I don't
even have like an arty farty bullshit
way to explain that like Poe turning
back like Poe turning back you can kind
of like a as find out how that works out
but uh Rose saving Finn I got nothing
that was just kind of lame I'm with you
he would have damaged it based 100% on
randy quaid logic push level you are
absolutely correct you would never mind
then then rose fucked everything in
movie logic and it is a movie he would
have succeeded using a movie logic using
movie logic he and not only that he
probably actually would have the
explosion would have hurt all of the the
80 80s and the ship so he actually could
have really dealt a big blow flying a
tiny rickety ship into a beam that is
designed to destroy a giant metal door
yeah but obviously destroy the beam but
in movie logic that's what happened of
course of course
well that's what I'm going on where it's
like maybe maybe what they were thinking
they were maybe they were thinking too
logically about that and not thinking in
movie logic where they were saying well
if Finn were to fly his ship into that
the ship would be disintegrated and he
wouldn't make it like maybe it would
have blown up the camera yeah and I can
it was really powerful maybe that would
have blown up the ship the kylo Ren was
in that's what handed the whole fucking
war right there boom no and Hux and and
all those troopers I've all gone the
whole war is over and they want him
thanks to Finn yep he had to sacrifice
himself fucking Rose robbed him of being
a hero yeah the hero the hero the one
spoken about in legend yeah the the once
stormtrooper the man who turned away
from the evil and saved us all from
tyranny yeah
but love Jack you know what she came
with a little smoochy futures so it's
all good like post screams at Finn that
there's no way they can take that cannon
out but Finn ignores it okay what was
the purpose of Rose okay movies like
romance
sure uh ray was hanging along out with
Finn a lot the first movie but now they
were going to be separated for almost
the entire film uh-huh so you want
romance
you want to give Finn something to do
yep and they weren't willing to do the
POE Finn romance right so I'm here's a
girl dude that's why Rose would you put
the girl in there and girl takes Finn
right yeah if it needs something to do
with some of the duel with me want a
romance
yeah you go you either give him a girl
or a sassy talking computer and there's
enough sassy talking robots
so yeah you give him the girl yeah yeah
she was she was Finn's she was Finn's
guide into the world of caring about
those less fortunate which is fine she
was the obi-wan of orphans
that's what Rose was I'm sure there's a
pun in there somewhere but I can't I
couldn't think I was hoping it would
come to me as I said it the obi-wan of
orphans but I couldn't think of it
Wolfie one Kenobi
oh are you kidding the world is so ready
the world was ready for Finn and Poe to
be together before the movie came out
you know that's not entirely true
I don't stock true I think it would have
made it would have it would have made
for some very interesting reviews the
next day
what
what should have been Kyle Oh infant
yeah it was fine the whole thing was
fine everything everything about the
movie is fine I enjoyed it
I'm looking forward to seeing again I
will say this you know it's stunning
imagery I'm gonna start with a
compliment and turn it into a little bit
of a David least is the the imagery of
the all of these shattered ships after
laura dern does the light jump kamikaze
run that was fucking great it was a
fucking great moment I think I was
telling you about this the crowd I saw
it in a theater everybody who's good
like every people gasped in the theater
it was great it was a great movie
theater going experience moment and it
looked gorgeous just the shattered ships
the the builds up the the cool the sound
cuts out beautiful right but if running
your ship into other ships at Lightspeed
is such an effective weapon why don't
they do that all the time Jack you saw
the way they tried to bomb that
dreadnought right they might not be the
smartest tactician you're right you're
right are you saying like that one ship
took out like eight of theirs it was
great it was great that a lot of great
imagery bad news everyone says what did
everyone in Arlen think of Laura Dern
suicidal hyperspace maneuver doesn't
mean that whatever side does that first
hit a space battle automatically wins
from now on we just talked about that
hey that was good by the way that was
great timing you can't you can't you
can't apply logic to the space battles
in Star Wars it's not there it never has
been honestly the ships don't move like
real ships in space would move in the
first damn place they move like
airplanes yeah
and they wouldn't be using laser beams
everything would be some kind of guided
missile yeah I it's never been
logical space combat although the
fantasy space combat they did they did
do a quasi logical space ship moving
this one but if I was super badass you
know pose written the first run on the
dread-nots yeah when he's taking out all
the little guns and then he cuts off his
engines and like does a flippy thing and
yeah shoots back that's so cool I like a
wind ships move fast it was a pretty
collision Mizzou was the suicide run
he's a pretty collision it looked really
great as might take a lot of the movie
looked really good is what I'm saying
that fucking the the red salts under the
snow and then you get that bit after the
battle you get that big overhead shot
that's just like it looks like a big
wound be like Oh visual metaphors it's
nice man it's all nice how did you get
excited about anything well if you cut
it earlier in the stream it was getting
really excited about guardians of the
galaxy - you were telling me you were
watching how he really liked it dreamer
TK I'm not a Disney boner shell I think
I might be a Rian Johnson Michele well I
got to watch all of his other movies I
think he's good this is the first ryan
johnson movie I've seen so maybe he's
just a really good film that good
I am a 4:20 are says hi guys while
playing some of my backlog I have been
enjoying some older streams that I
originally missed thanks to the hours
and hours and hours of entertainment
happy holidays
you're welcome hey happy holidays I do
entertain you at how this entertains you
but glad to entertain would you urge us
all that we're just here I'm just here
having a great time look my love lick my
love bit says have you ever heard of
cups they're great for years I drank
directly from the open eye sockets of
dead fish stall attendees but presently
I discovered cups
hooray for cups okay we're just drinking
right out of cans fine I mean containers
in general right whoo way to go find
things yeah he did he did the Brothers
Bloom loop
and brick and I got to go back and see
him see all his movies mama says you do
not have to see the Han Solo movie
please do not give their garbage any
money sorry Ron Howard PS rich I hope
you use this two dollars for Blade
Runner 20 49 which comes out on digital
Tuesday true-blue reviews is one theory
I've seen do you think ken was trying
oh you think ken was lying to Rey the
parents really are important like she
thinks yeah also do you think they'll
turn out to be related after all or will
they fall in love I don't know I don't
know man
but as as I'm not particularly as I'm
kind of sick and tired of the chosen one
yeah I'm kind of glad that her parents
were just sucks and not you had this
daughter of the super important people
in the magic Jedi lines alive within you
today well and and we get we get
reinforcement of that idea with the
broom boy at the end right who's just
some some fucking slave stableboy and he
and he does the magic grab the broom
with the Jedi phone yes and so it's like
I think that was a purposeful move I
think Rian Johnson really wanted her
parents to be you know meth heads or
whatever they were and Disney was like
can you just write it in a way where
just in case later on boob wanna you
wanna you know fudge the details you can
do it say okay well how about kind of
says it and then and it's not it's not a
sitting stuff and as far as they think
they will fall in love no no that this
movie closed the door on even even a
tragic love story yeah that's that doors
closed kylo Ren went from being
interesting to being prequel anakin in
an in a space of a scene
I mean a cut really just like an edit
and he's there but now know when he's
whining about Luke and saying everybody
shoot him that was so car totally stupid
yeah that was so that was so prequel
Anakin
that was that was angst man that was
that was that was that was lashing out I
like I don't want to grew through just
because I don't think prequel Anakin was
handled correctly as a character and so
I just don't want those I could see
characteristics being the same but here
it's handled well nothing like that ever
happened in the prequels what Anakin
ranting about how he will kill the ball
and then killing them then killing them
all or vice versa no nothing like that
ever happened in the prequels or you
know Anakin well anagen certainly wasn't
a horrible character and Anakin didn't
just yell for no reason because he was
frustrated that that's something he
would never do or you know murder a
bunch of kids he'd never do them and the
women and the children too
fuck you all o valiant bloodshot's is
talking about Star Wars is making me
want to kill myself me too
you're almost done we're almost do topic
if net neutrality goes away will that
affect your streams and production of
online videos in that there will be less
content I don't know what kind of direct
effect that would have and how long it
would have to take effect I don't know
right theoretically it's possible yeah
theoretically it's possible
Fiat theoretically it would affect our
viewership harshly where what if you you
know what if they change your internet
package where YouTube isn't a part of
your internet package and you have to
pay extra to access the YouTube page
YouTube is part of the premium package
and that's an extra $80 right and then
you say well I you know Netflix is part
of the super package YouTube part of the
premium package I'll just go super and
then we lose half our audience because
they don't want to pay for the premium
package it's possible but yeah like RIT
said we don't there's nothing we know
right now and I mean we could we could
even get hit on our side for uploading
videos well you know if you want to if
you want upload speed that's gonna it's
gonna be a whole nother thing but
blossom it could it could be Niko cozec
I just wanted to wish you a fun holiday
and a happy new year thank you - shootin
Jaime I think says keep trying to crack
keep trying to congratulate you on X
thousands of followers so happy
pre-emptive 35k did you expect this much
of a following slash success when you
started I always expect to fail horribly
because I'm rich Evans no no no
I don't know what to expect with
streaming this is mostly your idea this
screaming I got sure why not
no I'm Justin I'm just excited we can do
this to people watch people play video
games I I'm shocked
that we are that this is working out so
yeah you know it's been it's been great
I think you know it's it's growing and
that's always positive
Groff McMillan Teresa's evening guys
getting ready for the holidays watching
all the best Christmas classics the
Grinch original Christmas story and best
of the worst canon movie classics
Charles Bronson kills everyone yes it
does still not as good as the elves
episode elves Santa Claus and National
Lampoon's Christmas vacation - oh my god
it's our best Christmas episode they're
followed by the Canon Christmas and I
was a hurricane christen but how can you
top just elves and Santa Claus right you
don't you don't don't you we never could
I mean and we and we never will but
we'll keep on trying the farce awakened
sense guardians to was about rejecting
adulthood and Freddie and father issues
the last Jedi was about muddying the
difference between light and dark side
of the force
no it was actually you might have that
backwards it was about people who were
muddying it and now they've tried to the
new generation is clearing up that money
yeah so you might have that a little
backwards rich why do you think
guardians two was better than the last
Jedi characters I like more good music a
humor that actually hits more in a more
interesting villain better climax
better not better climax a saner story
structure all right yeah I'll give you
that one
it didn't look like one climax then
awkwardly a second climax 30 minutes
later a number of reasons I do tire of
James I mean more interesting visuals
even it had it did have the vista's
Guardians do so myspace colors
everything was rainbow II know if some
did some deesis of these and visuals and
guardians to I am ever tired of James
Gunn's undercut a dramatic or emotional
moment with someone making a joke bit
that happens 28 times a second in
guardians to and that gets a little
boring
someone in the chat is saying better
climax hahahahaha as opposed to the
freaking the last Jedi with its throne
room thing and then later on a hologram
Luke versus Peter quill you know
standing up to literally the cancer that
killed his mother Peter quill training
personified for Peter quill turning into
a big goofy pac-man sure yeah it was fun
I enjoyed that more had a far stronger
emotional impact on me yeah it did both
it's fine yeah I feel for you but I
guess Star Wars the Star Wars on it so
yeah I just you know I'm not that kind
of person I didn't much care for the
guardians or the guardians to last Jedi
climax is better which one
it's so awkward when the movie didn't
end what it should have ended its
tantric its tantric climax a new hitch
I can't be that kind of person I openly
hate rogue one I openly openly and
violently hate rogue one every aspect of
it and have admitted these several
problems that the last Jedi had tonight
so I'm not that kind of I'm not a
sycophant bad news everyone
and then we're caught up it says in the
force awakens why didn't all our heroes
die when Han Solo went to hyperspace
while the fog was still in the car and
that in the Bay of his cargo ship Ezri
and Johnson seen Star Wars the space
Wizards were protecting them uh it
doesn't matter man
what do you want to Shh what what did it
warp in the cargo bay was the door open
yeah the door was open why is this a
problem because they're idiots
have you seen Star Wars there was
nothing in front of him when he warped I
remember he warped the Falcon out of the
cargo bay but the door was open so look
look Star Wars doesn't give a fuck about
logical issues like that with science
right fantasy space swords is what's
important in the Star Wars absolutely a
and the only thing that's okay
here is the point of the stream where we
read the names it's true of the people
who have subscribed during the stream
during this very stream we're gonna read
all your names and then we're gonna be
gone for a bit then we're gonna take a
little break a little a little break so
uh thank you for subscribing atomic
mousetrap for 15 months in Rome Jimmy
lays Doyle age 7 one who says merry xmas
and Happy New Year in case you don't
stream again this year room B for 18
months in a row says Merry Christmas and
Happy New Year thanks for all the
streams you're welcome x mote annum
Shawn for 27 fucking months in a row
says I have disagreements with some of
your views so I shall now do nothing
about it because I am either a sensible
adult or lazy all right we'll take
either that's fine yeah do be sandwich
who says sorry for all the hate man
you're getting Ricardo though I'm sure
it's nothing new for you this has been a
sobering year for all of us not just
Star Wars but so many things so all of
us need to get our shit together have a
swell new year yow leste everybody get
your shit together we'll see you next
we'll get it together we'll all meet
next to your with our shit together ok
that's funny
kaleidoscope 20 says happy Christmas and
Happy Holidays rich and jackin everyone
else in check Oh somebody no one's check
this binds us all together also force
rigea were spot on in the last Jedi half
in the bag our lemon prereq have been
steadily killing it but what what are
your guys favorite Johnny Cash song he's
he's got a pretty mean cover of hurt
yeah yeah it is man comes around that
that hole what was that volume Araucana
volume Warner I'm an old man and I'm not
gonna have too many more songs left
because I'm very old album yeah well
like his resurgence out that one where
he's just like I'm gonna cover a bunch
of other songs but do it in like an old
sad man way no I think it was quite bad
what you do it it sounds like he's
actually about to die
they did ik it cut it together from his
death Noda is deathly squeaks what was
that song called or the album what was
that album called wasn't his song but
I'm kind of fond of the highwayman the
highwayman he sung what are the verses
in it just talk about reincarnation okay
someone different sang every verse he
was like reincarnated into someone else
oh sure yeah America it was just called
America if we're gonna go with his
original songs I got a soft spot for boy
named Sue that's good song that's just a
nice that's a fun song yeah yeah it's a
fun premise for a song hello my name is
sue and I'm gonna kill eyes great oh
gosh - okay here we are
Liz andis who says what is Santa's
favorite place to deliver presents Idaho
oh oh that's fine sure it's a fine joke
it's are billions ah mourn 4-6-2 culture
fist four stars out of 50 for 20 fucking
months in a row says better old school
first person shoot this is all you yeah
so what's better quake dark forces
return to capital castle wolfenstein I'm
very quick yeah yeah okay haven't played
Return to Castle Wolfenstein so I can't
speak on that okay so then it's Quaker
dark forces and uncle quake all right
that's fair gutter stars for twenty four
fucking months in a row says smiley
emoji yeah I think that's like big
smiley burnt : D and capital D whichever
yeah that's like big mouth smiles oh
that's not just smiley emoji that's like
it's like ah that's creepy smiling yeah
no Rukh Ben who says happy holidays boys
unwrap this free Amazon money my gift to
you didn't enjoy my first viewing of the
last Jedi but I blame my five-year-old
for pissing every 20 minutes yeah I
listen I think I talked about this
beforehand like we went when the kids
were at school yeah we're just like you
know fucking we're gonna take smile and
then it was great my wife left are you
going to take them shit yeah but I'll
wait till like after the new year and
it's just like you know this weights it
will weigh to the crowds to die down
we'll find another early morning showing
and they're so obsessed with Poor's
already just based on the fucking truck
they dying to see the movie no they're
just they just want ports the port so
weird you know it works advertisement
works let's see maybe next time I'll
appreciate it a little bit more yes
never been it's much it's much better
going to movie without your kids
Hey look my lovebirds
Don Mong dango does she just this guy
you
and grab more than one okay - it's just
in case uh uh just this guy you know for
36 motherfucking months in a row
whoo-hoo I love that gun powder snow and
hey can I not turn it off no that's
that's the wrong listen I thought I hit
the button and the confetti just gets
lighter is the confetti just getting
lighter and she'd be on her off right
those it's just so happen that there's
rose petals from the games I was
wondering why the confetti wasn't
laughing and just this guy you know says
I have children younger than this
subscription thank you congratulations
rhythm gardener
Gino suave for 12 months in a row
Captain James May for 16 months in a row
DJ man 1975 Shibboleth for 15 months in
a row says in case you ever wondered if
it's a good idea to move when it's close
to Christmas I'd tell you now that it is
not I'm sorry sorry for your trouble zim
bONIES embalm be
and bum knee let's get Eddie to rumble
let me do that better now let's get
Eddie to Rumbo for 14 months in a row
because just 14 months me and I get a
fucking no no halls variety pack for 31
fucking months in a row says you know
what I can't think of anything funny or
witty to say so fuck it I have had a
toothache last weekend the flu this week
so all I will say is thank fuck it is
nearly Christmas and your Christmas and
New Year be merry and bright LOL jingle
my bells merry Christmas to you too ha
variety back-alley Raza for 22 fucking
months in a row says Kent State tonight
off to play pandemic legacy season 2
jacket on that season 1 is the best
rated board game of all time also
Christmas sucks
I tried playing that pandemic a legacy
once and it just didn't work out he left
a bad taste in my mouth insert clever
username here but just mean captain is
or Oh cat flu
Lloyd beats for 39 motherfucking months
in a row
who says lost my job in August and I
think I just landed an amazing new
position thanks for keeping me sane well
congratulate good limey or you know good
luck break a leg
don't break a leg is heaven probably be
a bad thing to start a new job and break
your leg immediately jack oh it's not in
the theater Oh unless the job happens to
be in the theater what if the job is in
the theater that's why I'm done breathin
if you're gonna be on stage acting as
your job that break if not that's a bad
thing unless their new job has helped
this is theater superstitions yes if
eclis okay you're right sorry Laurie
beets I don't want you to enjoy yourself
we do not want you to break a leg yeah
that's right
unless you've got a job as an actor and
you're gonna be on a stage or even in a
theater then break a leg what if he's
doing like advert
for a theatre come up people not know
what we're talking about that in theatre
it's a good luck to say break a leg and
it's bad luck to say good luck yeah you
never you never want to give people like
you know like encouragement right before
they go on oh you're gonna do great no
no no it's people no matter we're just
confusing people I don't know if that's
a thing anymore so yeah in the theater
he said break a leg
hoping obviously that they don't break
away all right all right all right
that's Lloyd beats him
okay sausage toes for 36 motherfucking
months in a row sausage toe says myth
suggests 22 Madness PU for 35 fucking
months a neurosis one more month to go
happy holidays Jack rich and Jeff happy
holidays everybody
Zen toast for 15 months in a row
specialist 443 motherfucking months in a
row
sir brain-damaged Brandon use some brawn
deluge Randolph the RAM Oh sir brain
damage Oh
but not smelled like brain or damage
right sir brain damage
Randolf the rad it's clever it is it is
so this hello my friends and happy
fucking holidays what's the last movie
that made you feel emotions good or bad
and tear up like a punk baby love your
brothers well what what do you mean by
emotions like those sad emotions the
tear up this is specifically teared up
specific teared up they said teared up
so I assume they mean OH
and they said emotions good or bad well
but then they said teared up then you
feel emotions watching anything we
watched some stuff last night that just
made me feel blah right right
very very blah the last movie that made
me cry
hairy blah oh wait till you got weighed
when you guys just wait the last movie
that made me cry was the big sick seeing
that I saw that in the theater and I
weep for that I mean what's the last
film I made you cry her up or even
coming close to it I have a mommy of
that far problem
yeah I mean Yellin do it that would do
it
where are we oh here we go
I might think of another at some point
but where this is not a good time for
stopping to think about every movie I've
seen more 10 years right which one's a
bit Christ oh sure Kotaro alts deletes
down okay look up way fool gone wild
Alger not losses hijack and rich I
discovered rlm earlier this year and
have thoroughly enjoyed the bevy of
contents on count on backup oh yeah
thanks for everything
hope you both have a great Christmas
Happy New Year thank you Greg earn oh 12
nice hug get tanned geeky gamer 5 for 15
months I'm nailing the moment rumors and
the weird spelling rich you fit you
cracked the code Zack of the axes who
says my friends and I call the casino
planet the prequel planets it's a good
name for it
Turkish Lord of the twerk for 14 months
in a row says thank you have all these
months of friends simulating they could
have done something
Goethe boy on tricks says you've taken
seven months worth of my money here's to
the next seven we'll take it
Owen Thunder comes rich de Pasquale TLS
10 times to Wren gone 99s happy holidays
may the poor just be with you t Burke 83
that was my poor frabjous Magnum and
coffee for mana thank you for
subscribing really appreciated it's true
we really do any other look my love bits
is night night and thank you for
answering my questions I have enjoyed
this you're welcome
and that's it okay well happy and safe
holidays everyone
I I won't be around next Sunday yep I'll
probably be here the Wednesday after
that I should be I'll be here the
Wednesday after them the 27 is that the
27th it's a 27 don't make any promises
you can't keep
I will likely be there on that Wednesday
if not I'll move it to another day I'll
have you you just let me know I love
them I'm trying to organize some family
members to go out and visit my uncle
sure and I know my brother's not Friedel
after Christmas so the 27th might be the
day absolutely
but if they're little we'll plan
tentatively for me being there that
Wednesday
if not I'll do a makeup the day before
after I'll have Jack tweet it out you
just can follow us on the 12 us on the
twitch stream and and I see a
last-minute subscriber here Adam Agee
thank you for subscribing
and then merry holidays
