Episode 920
Stream a Little Stream With Me
January 4, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N0sYKNpCEY4
___________________________________________

[A]

[B] Oh slightly you can't hide behind that
good that's it buddy you've got a little
monster breathing hard grab this before
I forgot about that
my plate last time
now
you'll be able to put his sorry creator
of a breath into the truck
no problem perfect see that's a big WOW
I don't teach that pitiful goop sack to
slime
paving and by extension II perhaps the
place sitting disturbed still pretty
much ready full go for the Rodriguez
blowout ballroom
did you see the reveal Cooper Jason and
the Jason X map for 5:15 no I did not
seems to be your problem thanks to me I
figure they're gonna pull that out of
there but sooner or later recruit here
the festivities can now proceed in an
entirely ghost-free environment so
you're welcome and to the Rodriguez hola
hi I'm from the ghost busters nice of
you guys to join us you grab the little
spud ray we need to have a heart to blob
talk with this health robots are a bit
of a disappointment kidding that's under
mark that's that's exactly what I was
expecting for their single-player
content play look let the nice thing
about the Friday the 13th single-player
BOTS as dumb as they may be is just
getting to do the fun Jason kills and
that's that's fine that's what I expect
nice screaming
look at that trap lousy ghosts
yes
all right again when I was younger
thank Minh used to be my favorite but
now that I'm older
like like rainy gone more
why try it again
that wasn't such a sure now was it nice
no he's a straight man but I love
Winston so much I'm not all alike and
Winston I never said I disliked
Winston's character no need to worry sir
as you know the mayor Road to office on
a strictly Pro Ghostbusters platform we
now invoice the city directly for all
captures and eliminations and unhaunted
New York is a tourist friendly New York
no but damage the mayor in the city have
taken out an extensive insurance policy
as well so you're covered honestly I'm
sensing some hostility here perhaps we
should just leave the ghost here
that's where you would prefer sir fill
this game one does a great deal of
camaraderie count discrete god this
Russian is our prefer loitering that the
cartoon crater would Slimer is a friend
and Ally ah I suppose we should go after
him unless you want to discuss it first
Slimer was was on the and the cartoons
I'm it was on the border of being an
entertainer German on the border
certainly by the time they did the
Slimer cartoon-like on his own he was he
was in full scrappydew territory the
Slimer solo adventures
registered you see the new design of the
millennium why do you care about this
stupid movie
yeah they redesigned the Falcon so they
could sell the toys or maybe they just
felt like doing it it doesn't really
matter
what if we did I know I'm spoke I know
I'm supposed to go the other I just
don't forget about this thing
this section here is actually probably a
pretty decent candidate for me dying if
I died this early I'll probably just
restart
these guys knocked me down there's none
of the other ghostbusters around to pick
me up
let's do some upgrading
shit
what
I think I survived where's jack he went
to do holiday stuff he may never return
he'll be back
I didn't - masseter wish I wish the
Dodge were a bit more responsive than
this I had a complaint that would be
Eddie
good work you all did enrich finish this
game earlier but now I'm trying to do it
without dying might really be the right
person for this job yes you have
destroyed a significant section of a
five-star New York hotel in just under
three hours your mother and I are so
proud play Gears of War it's like this
but better controls and no jokes well it
it doesn't have better controls because
you can't play it with a mouse
some type of lighting focused at the
market animator to be what you familiar
objects which selfless and materially
manifest strange
the latest gears came out on Windows but
the latest gears is too boring
really lame enemies in the new year
the whole long section we're fighting
the drones and gears for pure ass pure
ass
only trap
forks whine at me but when knives and
forks become a big angry giant that's
really me not liking it a lot happens
every day right anybody here from said
amore but first I was I either but we
had to make do with this new specimen
here
turbo Jesus 5,000 you might add about
her earlier this game is not on Steam
anymore but I have not tested this
supposedly I have read you can still buy
a digital version of this game for the
PC on gamestop on their website on
GameStop's website especially you can
still redeem that on Steam but the key
they give you so you might still be able
to buy this game and stop it that cheap
confection rape weren't you gonna finish
up the install of the super slammer
today and exciting I mean against the
minions of God I have not tested if this
works maybe on Travis maybe you can
download it but you can't get a nun
Steam and it's a weird version that
doesn't work I don't I don't know
anything about that guys don't know I'm
just read this as a thing who can do
what are we the FDA will have to clear a
path through this mess first
yet booming this residue is animating
Geordie help us stay up to somehow
hatching these many minions for
themselves
well there's paranormal physiology for
you
rich supply of the next voice actor of
Mickey Mouse
Cooper swept thro obligation capture the
slammer
you can relinquish
I'd read it in when you were alive
you're worse
No
what's it
this particular ghosts are very
dangerous
you're only encouraging them Faceman we
need to have a talk about holler oh god
I so should have dodged that
Oh
f13 I'll play Friday the 13th forbid if
I'd died in this is that it's not too
late
sad mark hamill mark hamill was a man
who was worried about his legacy he was
Luke Skywalker in the best movie he ever
made and I'm sure he's terribly worried
about the poor reception of the last
Jedi has gotten amongst many of the fans
that's the Star Wars that that's what
he's gonna be fuckin were known for
forever and I was in the seminary goes
he doesn't want to sully that what
I'm
Tim lousy hobo ghosts
can't lose Winston
yeah
if I'd died which came in like at a
switch - you're assuming a lot further
2772 six I'm back after my sabbatical
hello everyone we need to find a witch's
mess get anything good for Christmas I
got stabbed and also got a new headset
and keyboard really I got I got some
Super Mario Brothers one fridge magnets
nobody knows what the hell to get me for
Christmas
apparently I'm really hard to shop for
AJ pimp souls is hey rich glad to see
you streaming once more before the end
of the year the other day you said
Elle's best of the worst was your
favorite what's your favorite random
arlynn vid fiction vid been hurt and
yeah hurt do we call that video Ben
wrote another way you talkin about
etc it's probably still the oldest one
look a lot of it was because I was there
and I remember how fun it was having
that discussion so I'm biased but I
still gotta give it to who's the old
Santa Claus National Lampoon's Christmas
vacation to video that's a sabbatical
it's like a vacation like a long
vacation
100% of the event and I will 100% need
that I said way back nicely done
great job kid yeah combustible gasoline
it's the future Egon once again on the
super slammer I before it's a prototype
Peter you recall the memo from you about
getting too many memos on prototypes
well I did right there we mounted a high
expansion rapid cycle multiple post
absorber it's faster and larger than
okay okay potentially but our exposure
to interdimensional deities has been
only marginal today so it would be wise
to anticipate some error
we should type elephants somebody needs
to go
I got places to go people to me we get
out of here
Hindenburg opera wasn't that show shut
down when the stage caught fire and
killed the cast I didn't really like the
low speed and chase in the space but I
like the movie overall alright I didn't
particularly love the movie overall but
I don't I don't understand what's
inherently so bad about the the slow
space chase plot oh my God we're gonna
run out of gas that's that's a very real
threat and making them run out of gas
was a valid military tactic black slime
black slime is a hazardous form of
ectoplasmic residue toxic to both body
and soul characters whirring a lot of
fuel when a Star Wars movie is beard
yeah weird and boots sufficient enough
to insulate against the Star Wars is a
shitty universe and when you would try
to apply logic to it it falls apart
the first order could have just warped
ahead of them and cut them off yeah but
they didn't have to in fact in family
warping ahead to cut them off okay if if
the first order worked a few ships I had
to cut them off they would have they
would have forced a battle to happen and
that might have incurred some losses on
the new orders part but if they just
hang back and let them run out of fuel
they just pick them off when they're
sitting there like like big ducks they
don't they don't lose any Thai fighters
they don't risk losing a big capital
ship and an engagement the first order
strategy there made sense
that's not defending the movie I didn't
really like the movie that much but I
will defend their tactics in that
particular situation
you want it back Peter you better take
what's that supposed to mean I'm a
chubby chaser take out one month girl a
blind date
like of personalities and you guys
