Episode 926
It's a Long Way Down
January 10, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g7qBCYL_NEE
___________________________________________

expecting don't worry rich this isn't
puffed G everything's fine everything's
fine this is not pub G everything's fine
okay as it turns out in order to play
pub G there was a fairly meaty update as
it wasn't like an hour-long update there
was a 13 gigabyte update that we have
not updated because we haven't been
playing right and there's 25 or so
minutes left on the update yeah I am
just going to kill some time playing
getting over it everything is fine there
is no need to freak out no you no need
to freak the fuck out
fuck you jack fuck you
Gavin I don't know if it's always there
but they've added like water splooshing
out of the bucket that you're in god yep
hey everybody welcome welcome welcome to
the stream we're here we're downloading
the pub G updates let me just say this
about player unknowns battleground and
in general rich my problem with early
access yeah so you know it's officially
out now yes pub G it is now like
officially released they have added some
stuff that I thought would be beneficial
to the game since we played it like a
kill cam I actually a whole recording
feature where you can you can record the
whole gameplay and you know see what
your enemy was doing the whole time it's
actually a forei hints then starting
over media before it was jus or if you
left your wallet and a whole new map but
actually knew her
I really enjoy I've been to join the
desert map played something oh I've been
playing like like a proper addict rich
back in came back I came back oh my god
I thought you're not ready for that but
you've already had a bad day here's the
thing I think like my review of poverty
very different now
I'll be here right the there's still a
lot of BS deaths okay but that
frustration of not knowing why you died
is gone okay alright but what I've
discovered is the majority of my
yesterday which I used to attribute to
the person I was just in a firefight I
was like oh they must have got me up on
me even it was actually just a third
person okay very far away watching
watching us fight and picking us both up
design it takes away that's frustration
of not knowing how yeah right he games a
rough assemblages of found object and
and so I do find myself in the army as
frustrated and they're after roughly me
to gain much discovering the new medals
the joy is building them then is
polished products nice rhythm thank you
nice rhythm in a certain way if you can
find a good sniper if you can find a
nice first of all rich you are
properties to give the game its flavor
no amount of forward progress is gap
it's absolutely a sniper's paradise and
yeah if you can get like the good scope
and a decent sniper rifle and danger of
falling in
find some there's a situation in which
you have six epic Ames's you're standing
next to this dead tree that blocks the
way to the entire rest of the game it
might take you an hour to get fed rich
they want us to turn off the narration
okay can you take the voiceover volume
and manners and lower that all the way
okay and then hit apply and resume great
thank you give me that Forex scope and
an m4 and I'm all good
yeah yeah there's there's a lot of fun
to be had but but I guess that the point
of my my story here is again the problem
with early access all the way so I I
just think I would have come come across
a little more decidedly positive on pub
G then then we ended up coming across
we so just something to think about when
we think about error
what's her I don't know
welcome German play our favorite German
brothers welcome everyone welcome
everyone to everything we're downloading
the update for pub G I'm gonna play a
little bits just to warm up then we'll
play with the chat we'll see if we can
get that chicken dinner see if we get a
chicken dinner on stream I still have
yet to have a chicken dinner you
technically did Jack no I didn't order
the fucking team that counts I did not
contribute at all I hold myself to a
high station your valuable distraction I
was a Touche Touche I'd like I'd like a
chicken dinner in which I'm not a
complete embarrassment how about that
okay how about that a solo chicken
dinner would be even better or if I'm
part of a squad you know maybe I shoot
someone you feel like you shot somebody
who was already down Jack
I did I did shoot so I was already down
who was my teammate right it was a nice
shoot my god I had it I had it now I
lost it oh very sorry that's a good
description of Jack a valuable
distraction I will take it I will
absolutely take
future future J thank you for the tip we
appreciate it I play a pub G clone type
game on the iPad it's basically
impossible you should try it no I'm good
I'm good I really like the desert map
but the desert map is is interesting
because because there's no grass to hide
in it makes it makes the matches a lot
faster there's only like one or two
grassy areas and the whole map yeah and
the rest is just rocks and so there's
almost no place to hide you can't do
that
bs thing where you just lay down and
grass and no one sees you and it's it's
really neat looking almost almost
post-apocalyptic looking all the way
down
played on Android it was pretty shit
what played about this I don't know if
this is on Android I got the puppy thing
oh the pub gee cone sure I still I still
play this little every once in a while
on my iPhone it's a fantastic little
time killer I took a look at they are
billions I don't think that is a game
I'm going to play the new the new zombie
early access game strategies yeah
zombies right how much do I need to tip
to keep you from playing pub gee I'm
sorry crippling diabetes that's the plan
for tonight's but you know it's just
gonna be me playing so you know you just
talked to rich rich I'll have some
interesting things to talk about
well maybe we got we got things we can
talk about you got things and stuff talk
about did we end up last room talking
about baby driver at all have you seen
baby driver you haven't
nope wrong direction this game is called
getting over it with Bennet Fadi Bennet
Fadi the creator of co-op and it's a
strangely addicting game dr. smoke trees
we might play pub G on Wednesday
Wednesday I might bring my PC and we
might do a little me enriched play we'll
see we'll see how tonight goes I've been
I've been into it again I've been
getting into it again if you get a solo
winner winner chicken dinner are you
just never playing again was I just
gonna be hit maybe by the way I like
it's like I've done it I've mastered the
game it'll be another one of those
things where they'll come out with a new
map or a new town or something uh yeah
check it out for a little bit again as
long as they keep updating it what you
talking about baby driver a little bit I
I enjoyed baby driver baby driver is a
very good movie but it has a very bad
ending over like overall it's a very
good movie it's style and it's and it's
classy as fuck it's stylish and classy
fuck the ending bothered me for many
many reasons I won't go into super
spoilers even though I think it's an old
movie though or you know it's older but
basically as someone who is a producer
and an editor I was more distracted
because the entire movie is basically an
editing exercise it was just Edgar
Wright saying can I make scene after
scene that that is essentially a music
video and cobble it together into a
movie you can't do that what
answering you oh sure yeah you can you
can you can you can do then but and it's
and it's very good and you know there's
they have these elongated scenes that
are that are basically musicals that
just played to a song and then you know
like they edit on the beats things
happen in the scene that mirror was
happening in a song and it's just a very
interesting it almost felt like a video
you would see on YouTube of like hey I
took a song and I edited this scene from
guardians of the galaxy to this song but
it's a whole movie of that and so it's
very stylish and it's very cool
that being said story wise it's a little
lame and it's a little weak especially
the ending for anyone who's seen it a
certain character has a certain turn
that doesn't make any sense but it's
very stylish and it's very pretty and
it's fun overall it's very fun overall
so I'm glad I got to see it as I do
I do enjoy Edgar Wright overall I'm
talking about baby driver baby driver
some fun it you know it was just nice to
see John Baron Thal do more stuff he's a
he's a good actor the guy who plays The
Punisher yeah he's in it for a bit jon
Hamm's in it for a bit and say what you
will about Jamie Foxx I think he's a
good actor I think he's a good and
charismatic actor
there we fucking go
John Moylan no I have not seen the
Tarkovsky film mirror he did it he got
up there rich yeah Jamie Foxx was
terrifying in baby driver he's he's he's
a good actor
I think Jamie Foxx is a good actor I was
great but man he was annoying yeah but
that was kind of his character so yeah
turbo Dangerfield a certain character
who's had some personal problems has a
bad turn at the end a turn that doesn't
make any sense
but overall a very good movie and I'm
glad I got to see it there you know you
your list of movies that you need to see
and get so high that just crossing one
off crossing one off is really great
I don't think so rich have you seen the
new blade really nice
rattle rattle buzz we are downloading
the update for pub G and plan on playing
it as soon as it's downloaded but it's
not downloaded yet so rich thought he
would give getting over it a try and we
got this so we we will be playing pub G
in just a moment but we have to wait we
got ways you have to go I can see the
bar yep dad I don't want to go again
because that one no I Kevin Spacey is in
baby driver Oh which is problematic for
some people you know that's your choice
that is that's absolutely your choice
yeah we're gonna watch Ferris Bueller's
Day Off again not here we're gonna watch
Star Trek the motion picture again
you're gonna ever watch Beetlejuice
again that's your choice your choice you
you have to choose how much their
personal life is going to affect your
enjoyment I know I are you ever gonna
watch The Naked Gun again right or if
you watch any of those movies is that
going to skew your enjoyment of it right
maybe maybe agreed I'm with you I'm with
you it's it's hard to watch Woody Allen
films for me at least who's a problem
Star Trek the motion picture the seventh
heaven guy Decker
yeah what did he get called with
something bad right yeah something bad
whoa whoa
people still love Seinfeld
what did Seinfeld do Kramer is a little
controversial but no one here is bad no
oh yeah that was that was just that was
ugly
what ugly and a bad attempt at being
funny that was just like him being a bad
comedian that yeah that's why do I feel
exhausted just playing yes yes I feel
exhausted that's that's fair it is it's
it's a very it's a very draining game
very interesting I like it how do you
imagine the Oscars are gonna go this
year I don't give a fuck about awards
for movies I'm so out of touch with
everything and every with everything I
just don't I I haven't seen a half of
the nominated movies so I don't know I
just don't know
let's see here d f you forever says
finally catching a live stream after
working my way through the massive
prereq backlog my god
thanks for the fantastic entertainment
guys keep on keeping on thank you Deana
we're here we're here you made it
through the backlog congratulations
I need to I need to tell the chat
something yeah I'm gonna get this out of
the way before like I get distracted Pub
Jean I've seen the room oh yeah you
started telling me about this I dare you
to hold it for the stream as I've stated
before I had never seen the room because
everyone who I knew who was into bad
movies had already seen it and so I
couldn't find someone to watch it with
me and I didn't want to go to like the
theater I didn't want to see it in the
theater experience because you know they
all have the bits that they know and I
just wouldn't get the enjoyment from it
but over the holiday season yeah
oh rich your clothes your clothes man oh
no over the holiday seasons I met up
with some friends who I see occasionally
and and I was we were talking about the
disaster art oh no oh no oh no we're
talking about the disaster artist and
how I hadn't seen the room yet and as it
turns out a couple of these friends have
also not seen the room and so we just go
nuts oh did you hit the middle button I
might have hit the button for them oh
god oh god oh
so I finally saw it I saw just last
night the room for the first time with a
group of people who had not seen it
before and you know they're all they're
all my friends from way back in the day
so I know them and they're they like bad
movies and what a joyous experience
first of all how come no one told me
there's like four hardcore elongated sex
scenes before the movie even gets
started you want to tell you everything
about the movie well I just thought that
would be something I would know I
figured I knew a lot about the movie
just through Shiraz Moses uh-huh but
there there is just like a hardcore
fucking yep like right away the movie
starts and a little boy says can i watch
you guys fuck like that's how the movie
starts I know it's crazy man that little
boy is older than a lot of the other
cast members right no Denny what kind of
money huh what kind of money what kind
of money I said Oh Denny yeah so the
drug dealer yes I'm still listen I've
only seen it once I'm not up on all of
the catchphrases yeah I'm not upon all
the catchphrases yet what I can tell you
is that Johnny and Mark are best friends
they are best friends and everyone loves
each other or doesn't love each other
anymore and the movie was written by a
six-year-old that feels that way I love
you you're my everything I don't love
you anymore I love Mark now because he
shared his crayons with me it's
beautiful it's a beautiful movie it's
beautiful and fantastic and now I'm
really excited to read the book and see
the movie and get all up into it I'm
like a decade behind everyone else but
I'm really excited to get deep into the
room
Arius no my favorite character was I
think his name was Michael psychiatrist
not to say oh he's great
no the guy who was eating chocolate off
of Lisa's best friend the underwears the
underwears guy he was trying god bless
his heart he was really trying was he
trying or was he just having fun both if
he was just having fun he's pretty
natural at it but like you could tell he
was a decent actor
unfortunately he went on to do
absolutely nothing but he out of
everyone in that movie he was the only
decent actor I know it was called me
under where's a decent actor he was he
had made good facial expressions he was
he was retelling the underwear he was
retelling the underwear story to to
Johnny and it was convincing yeah him
and the drug dealer the drug dealer
whose name was our Chris our Chris our I
was thinking sorry because that makes
more sense for a drug dealer of course
no Chris are worth we're the only decent
actors in the movie but what a fantastic
movie but here's here's where it gets
here's where it gets complicated rich
yeah so we got done watching the room
and and every everybody were just
feeling the joy of bad movie night and I
say hey guys have you heard of this cat
called Neil Breen oh and I showed them
the trailer for DoubleDown right and of
course they start flipping out I don't
have a copy of DoubleDown at home oh no
right and so we started looking like how
do we stream this how do we go we can't
and so we we find all the trailers for
his other movies and we're just laughing
and like guys this this guy is legit
here's here's where it gets complicated
rich yeah fateful findings
it's streaming on Amazon Prime yeah we
watched faithful finding okay
we watched fateful findings and rich
yeah you don't know what you're missing
man I have been lobbying for it for a
while as have I've been you know I have
been as well and so that I couldn't wait
anymore I was feeling I was feeling the
mojo I watched fateful findings and let
me tell you my friend
we don't it's it's um first of all
anyone who's seen faithful findings it
is a magical day okay it's a magical day
you don't know what you're missing man I
have an idea what I'm missing it's not
it's not but my set by choice oh my gosh
findings by now oh I know we both you
and I have been pushing hard to watch
more Neil Breen and I I'm happy I've
seen it it's amazing it's the best movie
ever made no you're never getting up
there it's it's it's fan it's fantastic
whereas all of DoubleDown you know 90%
of DoubleDown was stock footage with in
his voiceover there's no stock footage
in this it's all scenes with actors it's
amazing it needs to be studied
it's outsider art and it needs to be
preserved for the ages and he'll bring
is a true artist that oh that ending
belt that movie that a whole fucking
movie it's brilliant it's just brilliant
and I was a little on the fence about
seeing it but you know
I've been I've been wanting to see it
for so long it just it's just it's it's
it's more beautiful than I can describe
fucking fire we done yet how close that
we're pretty close okay just say fuck it
yeah I'm spreading I'm spreading the
good word of breezes brings us or
however we pronounce him that it's he
takes his art to a whole new level we
were trying to figure out he he plays an
author in the movie who's also a
computer scientist and he has all these
copies of books and we were trying to
figure out what book it was on his desk
he has all these like blank books that
are supposedly like his book that he
wrote right and we were trying to figure
out what what book it was and it was it
was some it was it was like a it was
called like the war within was at it
like the the secret government White
House by Bob Woodward all this time he
wasn't working oh I know I don't want to
give too much away because rich might
see it but it's so probably she feels
probably seeing I know Teleca scam
people don't get jokes and that's fine
but I think it's Bob Woodward talk about
this talk we could we could dedicate
three episodes of best of the worst to
that salad scene alone no spoilers cuz I
haven't washed it out of neglect that's
not why I haven't seen fateful finding
yeah I know I haven't seen it because I
would love to do it for work oh yeah I
know and you know what they had their
chance rich I had to I had to watch it
and crack I know I cracked and it was
worth it
it's so fucking good man okay so the
book that he has the book that he has is
called the war within the secret White
House which is a book written by Bob
Woodward did you make this section
slippery room well it's at an angle and
you do kind of if you go too fast you
can slip so it's called a secret White
House history 2006 to 2008 and Woodward
is of famous Woodward and Bernstein the
guys who broke the the Watergate scandal
right yeah and that's it was so telling
because he is kind of you know like just
what you know from DoubleDown he's like
very anti-government anti corruption and
so I bet he spends all of his time
reading like conspiracy theorist books
it was great it was great
twitch Evans 69 this is getting over it
with Bennet Fadi the new game from the
creator of coop and it is quite to the
game quite the game oh oh oh this is it
Rich's got this is the farthest reach
has ever gotten that tree is not
something you can land on by the way
that is a big tree
I'm surprised we oh I turned to all the
voiceover volume down because we were
chatting about stuff and that was
getting in the way
we're still getting subtitles I don't
remember that being so slippery I will
not do that I ate doughnuts that would
be that would just be frustrating for
rich don't worry about it let's see here
Eve Angelus prime says thank you both
and the rest of the rlm team of four
years of fantastic content I'm sure
you've been asked this in the past but
have you ever seen the lost skeleton of
God derive raw cadaver ah
if so thoughts the lost skeleton of
cadavra literally never been asked that
my life I've never heard of that I'm
sorry so I've not also I've also not
seen it John 1089 says thanks for the
stream guys rich I'm giving you this
money just for the long stare you gave
the camera after Jack said 'my
underwears was a good actor he was a
good actor he was he was a he was trying
that when he started having sex with the
lady and she kept shoving chocolates in
his mouth he he was there he was in it
he was into it and he was having a good
time
I lie I liked him he was he was my
favorite
he was my favorite actor my favorite
character might be low-rent Mark Ruffalo
of the room I'm a guy who shows up at
the party and it's just like everyone's
best friend even though we just met him
I'm sure you know why why was if you
figure it out that the psychiatrist quit
they just gave somebody else's lines the
psychiatrist quit really yeah that makes
total sense well yeah this guy just
shows up at the party and everyone's
like yeah we know this guy he's there
and you know of course
oh I'm so into it I'm so into it in
their low-rent Mark Ruffalo yeah it's so
it's it's amazing I the the room is I
mean I mean ever everyone knows that
obviously I'm just way behind the times
but I was very for all of the bad movies
that we watch rich I was really
expecting to be underwhelmed by the room
and you weren't no yeah yeah it's
quality it's quality quality lack of
quality yes it's shocking so much like
its I I think this game is interesting
it's it's a an exercise in your own
patience but I think it's I I think it's
worth it I think it's good and it's
fairly cheap I did is Joe Flacco light I
finally saw the room it's Joe Flacco
will eat Joe Flacco Lee yes sorry I
finally saw the room and I loved it of
course
and the other shocking thing because
I've seen oh oh oh oh gosh watch save a
rich the other shocking thing is how
dead of an actor Tommy Wiseau is through
most of the movie oh yeah like I've seen
him in stuff and like he's generally
like he seems to be a fairly charismatic
dude for you know for being a weirdo for
being an utter weirdo but in the movie
he's nothing he's he's a goalie he spent
millions of dollars to give himself a
shot yeah and then he phones it in for
most of the movie right yeah yeah it's
bizarre it's the craziest thing it's the
craziest thing man all right let's give
him a last chance right he gonna pick us
we're ready to go you can do it rich I
want to see you get to the top of this
hill gone we're good
all right listen to the audio version as
it's read by Greg oh yeah maybe that's
that's a good idea
listen to the audio version of me he
does this Tommy impersonation oh yeah
yeah throughout the whole thing that's
not that is not a bad idea that is not a
bad idea right there didn't get an
audiobook of the room okay I almost want
to reorganize the chapters he jumps
straight back and forth between during
the making of the room and him making
meeting Tommy early days Tommy making of
the room early doesn't tell me mature I
could see how that would work in
conjunction though I but yeah I want to
hear like a continuation god dammit I
would love I would almost love to
reorganize it chronologically but I
think I think he understood or at least
the ghostwriter understood that reason
people to find the book they want to
hear about the behind the scenes of the
room yeah more so than this guy meeting
this weirdo who can't act you know right
right so I was turning off we'll talk
about it and I think people won't hear
but then we'll go to the past but then
we'll go back you know there's an audio
book for the dista aster artists does
that is that such a shock there's an
audio book for everything man
read by Greg Sestero
I'd believe that
rich have you ever played la noir I'm
not particularly interested in Eleanor
yeah yeah the uncanny uncanny valley
game how uncanny valley
why is that the uncanny valence more
they did the the super facial capture oh
yeah you're like the body's look stiff
but their faces are like how long I'm
gonna do a quick friend purge we're
gonna do a quick friend purge here man
friend list rich I just started Voyager
