Episode 930
Blind Leading the Blind (PUBG)
January 13, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AS1zBBTwPGE
___________________________________________

make it rain the stripclub
make it hey kill the devil comes out of
the candy over here we go that is ever
having haven't seen can you know while
she's been she's been out with
bronchitis yeah all right what I'm
saying is here at flappers we have a
good medical plan
she paid she had a zero dollar copay so
make it rain jack you be crazy
you be you be cray cray all of our
dancers have regular check-ups yeah yeah
the did you want to invite people and do
four huh did you want to invite people
and do four we should do a couple couple
just don't like that'll help us warm up
all right all right that sounds fine
we're gonna play pub giannis we're gonna
play puck G it's gonna be great
oh we're gonna we're gonna invite each
other or something here o invite you oh
that sounds perfect they are join my
team I'm on I'm on the squad you're on
the squad hey the crummy game that just
won't go away you know it's it's got a
new life for me I've been really
enjoying it I've found I I have wanted
to play rich recently exactly I have
this in my ear and it's actually really
nice I feel like I'm yelling
I've felt the need to play exactly three
games recently I've been getting to some
more pub G time in I've been really
cranking out the overwatch time yeah
I've something like this I'm super into
that and rocket League and so just all
of the getting your multiplayer online
multiplayer and so there's just some
times that I can't hop in for a quick
gaming session because those are the
only three games I want to play I've
been I've been trying to get the all day
on Dead Rising unlockables the first
game on PC nice I got that next one on
my list is the real fucking nightmare
okay the real fucking my seven-day
survivor oh that's right you were
talking about that it's it's a fucking
real-life 15 hour long challenge where
you have to play in infinite mode for 15
fucking hours with your health slowly
depleting the entire time but in real
time in real time it's 15 hours just to
stay awake and alert for fifteen hours
well fortunately I'll be playing it on
PC and not an Xbox 360 so I'll be able
to like pause it and walk away and do
something else
360 if you leave that on for more than
10 hours you you're lucky if it hasn't
already crashed nice I got it I got I
got seven-day survivor when the game
first came out and that was the big
nightmare like oh god that's gonna crash
isn't it it's gonna cut Mobile's there
it's gonna crash oh no it's gonna let
the game crashing oh my god I did too
many buttons that was the real tension
nice jack it's the Genji from the other
day and overwatch means you're right I
think I've played with you a couple
times ninja rapper I I played with some
cunt
today I need to tell you that I I need
to air an overwatch grievance you know
i-i've been what I've been switching
over to is Reinhart I really want to
learn Reinhardt what
well Marcos oh you're doing the you're
doing the thud that's being ready well
I'm gonna unready can I already wait
all right now you ready up how about
that so that's how that works that's
funny so I gotta air my grievance yeah
I've been really like grinding the
Rhinehart hard uh-huh he's a very
interesting character and overwatch
where he has you know he's a character
in a first-person shooter that only has
a hammer yeah and he does not throw it
but you know he's the heavy he has a big
shield he can swing his hammer he's a
really great character that I've been
really enjoying learning him and you
know all I plays quick play and we're in
quick play and we have no heavies and no
healer yeah and you one nice diverse
teams from having some healers who
support characters some salts and
defending you know like a nice
well-balanced team crap
no heavies no healer so I gotta make all
we need to heal or more than anything so
I'd be a healer yeah and everyone else
chooses and no one else chooses the
heaviness like guys you know in the
little chat there's like hey anyone feel
like being a heavy and everyone's like
no so it's like fine fuck it and then
our sniper starts spamming the I need
healing button this is before the match
even began yeah I need healing
I need healing I need healing snipers
think that they're very important to the
game yeah and they want to be babied I
want to make sure I'm at a hundred
percent health at all times I need
healing I need you and I need healing I
need healing then the round starts and
we finally get a heavy and so I as the
healer stick really close to the heavy
that's that's the duro yeah Jambo you
know I make sure that heavy has all the
health that they need and I stick by all
the people and always in the core may or
I need healer and you feel it I need
healing it fucking I'm over here I'm
healing someone who needs healing who's
our heavy and they then they then come
over by me and say I need healing I need
healing and I just refuse yeah fuck you
I'm now actively not healing you
actively not healing you
because your are you are a cunt then the
person decides to be a crybaby about it
and they they were the sniper they were
their widow and widow has a lot of free
movement right so like if this person
wanted they could have like grapple
hooked spider-man grapple hooked over to
the health pack and then back up to the
thing easy peasy
yeah they don't need me they decide to
sit in spawn and sulk for the rest of
the game and not help us at all okay
because they're on be a B word that's my
grievance that that happened today and
it was it was very upsetting and the
rest of the team is like you know are
our healers doing a great job for us
and it just in Chad he's like maybe if
our healer didn't suck I wouldn't I
wouldn't just give up I'm sorry check
hmm I'm sorry he was really upsetting to
me we ended up losing but then that
person left and the rest of us stayed
one of the many reasons I typically
don't play multiplayer games you get
those bad you get those bad things but
the the very next game everyone on my
team was there except for that person
yeah we steamrolled yeah yeah right
through your get rid of that one bad egg
who thinks they're the best
anyway yeah my coffee
let's play some pub G rich okay I'm
ready I'm ready for this
okay I am also ready you see I'm ready
by getting my ready stance I'm gonna
have some ear pods in so if I just start
shouting at everyone it's because I have
ear earphones in pub G is going down in
40 minutes maintenance if that's
accurate or was that or was that a will
finally start playing I don't know
okay let's see here fix the screen
what's wrong with the screen what screen
that's wrong you twat isn't even a swear
word in Scotland I'm saying you know
cunt is is a word that I reserved for
people I feel
oh yeah the desert oh man you're gonna
work
you have the novel in there what is that
yours from home yeah
crap oh we thought we were so thank you
you handle your issues and I'm gonna be
really jittery this is not the smoothest
this game is play forever because I'm
trying to stream it to I don't I don't
know I don't know there we go
you know go into your into your video
settings for now drop the quality dog I
did the the classic tech support
bit of unplugging it and plugging it
back in yeah yeah okay oh my god what I
hear me in my earphones that's gonna be
awkward find a place you want to land
and I need to oh you know you know this
better than I do you could want to land
okay how about now how about now how
about now great oh shit we got a fine
place let's go let's get out and go over
its head like he Rashmi when you're
jumping already and jump alright hey so
what's going on everybody
oh you know what I told rich this story
speaking of tech-support I had a really
amazing tech support experience over the
holidays yeah I had what can charitably
be described as a cranky uncle come to
me with a tech problem a computer issue
uh-huh see anybody else around so this
promise right yeah see that say so are
you up there where are you I'm not too
far from you you're heading in under
those buildings been down to these where
are you behind you huh I'm mind you I
know where you are okay not that we're
not that far apart you're behind me I
just don't see you on my map at all I
got a fix yeah fix it could you just fix
that my reload button is bringing up my
menu for some reason oh sure I thought
you were I thought you fixed that
already I thought I didn't oh shit
happens so in any case he was having
some problems this was on while we were
on vacation and he was having some
problems with his computer he was having
some Wi-Fi issues and he goes hey I hear
you're you're a technical kind of guy
can you help me figure out my Wi-Fi
issues and I was like well you know I
know I figuring it would just be a
simple software fix like I you didn't
turn it on something like that and I go
through all the normal software
procedures to fix his Wi-Fi problem and
it was nothing you know like I couldn't
find anything software why so I was like
oh well shit so then I said you know
what I got to do I have to do something
a little scary I'm gonna take a look
inside your computer and make sure that
your Wi-Fi card
is acting properly what does fix the
screen size mean what screen what screen
size you have to be more specific than
helix the screen we need to see me and
Jack yeah and so it was a balance
between screen size and what's in the
way and and how big the main screen
should be right like what do you want
changed and also rude I'm right in the
middle of a story
so you know I actually open up his PC
and you know his see his Wi-Fi card and
I and I come up I I devised a plan and
my plan is a very simple one which is
I'm going to unplug it and plug it back
in again but the actual you know the
Wi-Fi card inside the the PC right and
he's very skeptical about this like I
don't know you know he sees the inside
of the PC and he's like you know there
seems that seems like all technical
stuff and I was like hey I've actually
you know I built my own PC and he's like
oh really and so that gave him the
confidence in me there's like the water
dripping sounds over here and I did it I
unplugged the Wi-Fi router plugged it
back in and everything worked like
gangbusters and I felt really good I
have a pistol that's all I have is all
you have oh oh wait and a pan pistol
someone someone picked the wrong spot
you know oh wait no I also have a
shotgun I forgot that I have a shotgun
I'm sorry I have a machete that's all
litter that's all I have that's it get
on it man I have not seen a single
fucking firearm oh my god I still
haven't
the machete no it's like the red I'll
take that oh hello friend I got a break
a fucking pistol fucking a fucking
pistol jack
I'm sorry for your loss but I just found
a great machine gun and backpack so in
any case what the the the fun thing is
is this this is a cranky a cape possibly
take a 47 and and I got to show I got to
show my I got to fix his issue in an
impressive way and I was really excited
about that all because some people I
know encouraged me to build my own PC
you know I don't think I would have had
the the confidence I have a shotgun
choke if you need one yeah I will need a
shotgun choke a horse I picked the pig I
didn't they don't go matter what the
fuck no you not gotta hang it find a
place to like kind of hunker over there
cuz I'm gonna come near you when the
circle starts closing oh yeah crossbow
Oh finally need that Red Bull yo
I've got a backpack you got a backpack a
gas mask oh there you are
I got a shotgun I'll take a shotgun I am
coming to you whatever happened to the
Wi-Fi did you just show me ethernet
cable no there was no Ethernet cable
though what happened with the Wi-Fi has
actually had to like unplug the the
physical Wi-Fi card hooked up to the
motherboard we plug it back in restart
the computer so then the computer or you
know like start it once without the
Wi-Fi board in there and then restart
the computer plug the Wi-Fi board back
in so then the computer would say hey
there's a new piece of hardware do you
want me to find the drivers for that
because somehow through all like through
just dicking around they had uninstalled
the drivers for the Wi-Fi router I have
no idea how that happens alright but so
uh you know unplugging it starting the
restarting the computer so it you know
discovered were you are you going I'm
coming to you okay because the that ways
inside the circle I just I wanted to
meet up with you yeah what are you doing
oh shit thank you jack will help oh shit
if you weren't on the way over there you
weren't all the way over there maybe I'd
be alive I said I told you where we were
going
I thought you were shooting me in the
back I thought you thought I was an
enemy when I heard that first gunfire I
thought that was a jack
that's now you should the woman's or su
both well that's fine all right I got a
lot of nice shit see you're set
great all right spec time with spectate
so we get your audio you can't get my oh
oh yeah I expect it yeah all those
bandages those are nice let's see what
these guys got bandage for save kids I
see it set up so I can't watch your six
you can't watch my six no oh man rich it
would level three best even though it
has some damage I'll take it and a level
two helmet
wow that's nice great what do I need
five take this stuff shotgun choke yeah
okay great well so everybody you just
saw me be a huge badass and I felt
pretty good about that also I am in
desperate need of healing and really
should have been paying attention
I'm also gonna put my other ear button
so I could actually hear it if someone
Nick tries to sneak up on me when you
get a chance we ran a shit about the
password for the stunt thing so I can
read tips okay everything's great
yes everything's adequate everything is
that acquits
except for my playing in this game
that is inadequate we all can't be as
awesome as I am your stereo this is
weird delay turn that work what oh right
there's just like a little bit of a
delay because I'm coming through the
elgato okay okay but you know what like
that's how much the delay is isn't that
crazy like how fast this hd60 is
compared to the old el gato yeah but
that's not game lag that's right that's
not game like just el gato leg
let's see if anyone's plenty o money 45
says hey Richard
Jack hey plenty of money love the strap
the pump G stream on Sunday inspired me
to get the game I'm enjoying it very
very much so thanks for getting me into
a new fun game keep being awesome you
glorious hacks that's nice you know I
think there's a lot I'll see like look
at this look at this look at this
bicycle then you just kind of want to
ride the bike oh shit oh shit I heard a
gunshot
somewhere I don't think it was that me I
think it's that way I don't have
necessarily a good scope I had a
holographic sight ma'am I like the dot
sight better the red dot Richton Jack
ever tried first-person only mode I'd
like it but I don't think Jack is
interested in it I know I like I'm okay
with it I I prefer I that that to me is
a horror game first-person mode the game
is a horror game yeah first first mode
more so because like obviously it just
dramatically reduces your field of view
and and I get I get physically scared
when I play first-person mode just
because people people sneak up on me and
I can't see them and I guess that
happens in this as well but less so but
we can do that if you would like to play
a first-person mode I think wow we can I
can just switch in the first-person it's
not big oh yeah you just do this
whatever you want joke any double one
says haha jack is gonna shoot rich again
hahaha nope I wasn't there to protect
him but also he didn't go where I told
him to go so you know who's really at
fault here
it's aka its rich people sneak up on
rich by walking right up to him to be
fair I have the sound turned down on the
TV so
I can interact with Jack yeah and I'm
not wearing headphones for the game so I
probably just did not hear the footsteps
because I simply can't but that's I I
think that's a necessary evil of
streaming I was I was counting on Jack
to hear people sneaking up on me but
Jack was I don't know where the fuck
Jack was at the drop point I was at the
meet up point man there's someone I'm
not maybe maybe it's just like me but I
am NOT great at pinpointing where people
I'm certainly able to do that without
headphones apparently that's the best
way to do that I don't know oh yeah like
it has like a left-right you know it has
surround sound or whatever but I am
terrible at pinpointing people's
location and I've played with other
people who like they'll hear a shot 80
yards away and know exactly where it is
rich you didn't land in the right drop
zone no I didn't want to search the
exact same house as Jack we're searching
because I checked the sky around this
nobody else is landing in the area I
figured we'd spread out a bit at first
then meet up oh I bet there's people in
there we just didn't meet up soon enough
but there's people where am I looking
behind you but there are people in that
house do you
I keep hearing shots so I'm just gonna
let that oh shit as I just said I was
gonna let that play out a red zone came
so now we're moving play out just not
from there there are there were shots
around me there there are shots near me
shots being fired do too so if we talked
about how the music to this game sounds
exactly like the Avengers theme sounding
almost to a point where it's like just
someone need to fill out a copyright
form like like the Orval like the or
like the Orville does everything sound
like nothing music specifically just
like everything about that Cheryl oh
there's a court panel waiting to happen
with them in CBS yeah Star Trek yeah
maybe the first bomb dropping did scare
the shit out of me because I have no
friends yeah just gonna wait out this
red zone probably going here ish
rich I challenge you to be Pokemon
without dying once I get to see before I
do a no death running on a game I have
to like the game like a no death run is
a commitment yeah to playing the game a
whole lot and learning the ins and outs
and yeah then rich would just have to
like it in general which it's something
I tried it typically try to do with the
games I really like right like I forced
myself to do that shit Ninja Gaiden
notoriously difficult game but I love
the game right but I wanted to do it I
wanted that challenge Jack I'm with you
rich Pokemon that's that's a lot of
commitment for Pokemon that's a lot of
time that's a lot of time and if the
Pokemon or not by a meshing strategy I
got through misty and you know I did i
didn't die once jack and by the way you
did I would love to see how far that
would get you you I mean you came I'd
say well I'll tell you what you were
within the RNG of losing that fyrelizard
I was using yeah
weak to water right yeah and I beat the
water gym you sure did
I have to imagine I'm over the hump for
a while in that game actually maybe yeah
you almost died though on I'm the
pokemon gym leader thing that my Pokemon
was weak - yes
this is not co-op anymore now what I'm
dead
rich rich died like embarrassingly so
I'm just 2 1 1
it's 2 1 1 Jack yeah so was I so you
know what here's the thing Richard I
have wow I have so little opportunity to
smack talk I got wow I have to take it
when I have the opportunity to smack
talk you know this is for me putting
down Pokemon in that kind of yeah
you know what kind of bitter helmet no
there's there's like a math grid for
when you should get rid of your helmets
to already have that and for what is
that version I don't know I don't know I
don't care oh that's what I want that's
what I want I don't want the shotgun no
more fuzzy just is an Uzi really better
than an ak-47 close range um you know
it's Suzie's kind of my oh shit weapon
like it's about to go down
I mean is it better close-range than
something like an ak-47 Oh probably not
all right
but maybe you know if you got if you got
the the and I don't mean in real life I
mean in the game right you know if you
got the drop on someone a close range
yes because many more projectiles all
right I can I can deal with that you can
deal with that yes so like you know when
you're in here
I really feel like I want a better
helmet I gotta get going this is dumb
this is dumb this is dumb I gotta get
going I don't know what I'm doing in
here
get-get how far are you from the far
enough the the lines coming you see that
someone lost track of time Jack yep I
was I I got distracted shit I might make
it
I might not we'll see car would be nice
I got I got very distracted well that
you know what what that would be a
really embarrassing death rich that
would be a very very single oh very
embarrassing death oh no I'm close I'm
close to the line I can make it I can
make it I can make it I did put my gun
away to run faster and now like there's
probably gonna be someone over in that
house right I can make it I can make it
I can make it I can make it
I have helped shit go-go-go-go 21 left
huh 21 left it's a terrible
no no not terrible at all I'll take it
you know what I'll take it
I have so many bandages your character
runs as awkward as Robocop 2014 I don't
remember what Robocop 2014 ran like I
don't remember much about Robocop 2014
yeah who does that person apparently
alright alright here we go here we go
coming up on a small town just small
town girl
oh so understated how important just
jogging animations are in games jogging
and running I remember you were talking
about that with The Witcher 3 just how
dumb he looks yeah it's the thing that
you're all shit yep yep shit okay
someone somewhere I want to stay over
there but we're about to find out
someone is somewhere shooting at me
serpentine serpentine serpentine cuz
because you're you're staring at the run
animations so much yeah
I mean it can't look dumb but I like
like like we talked about during the
Witcher conversations just like people
running kind of looks dumb some games
doesn't though I mean that's quality
animation oh yeah yeah it's like I laugh
every time I saw the Mass Effect 3 derp
sprint
oh I got one of them I got one of them
number nine oh I'll take number that
well we're as a team we were number yeah
yeah so who got me who got me I got
flags yeah look at this oh he was just
waiting in there
and then he goes out and kills that guy
knows that it's oh yeah wait waiting for
his partner to show up all right that's
fair that's fair that's a fair kill fair
kill hey you know what we got that was a
pretty good run for me but you'll do one
more third person then we'll move the
first person wake up did you figure out
your controller thing so you're not a
hitting escape every time you hit reload
yeah fucking campers know that like that
person was playing it really smart just
hanging out in the blue zone that's
that's this game willing to willing to
take a little bit of damage do you need
to get to drop on someone that's a smart
way to play it
but I tell you that is a situation where
without the killcam it would have just
been like who the fuck shot me what
right
what happened right you know and that
that was such a devastating feeling but
now it's like oh he was just hiding
behind there and that's a big
improvement that's a big improvement it
like it makes such a big difference for
such a seemingly small change stop off
jack what Oh coffee
my coffee
no mr. happy life the guy who shot me
was that was in the killcam Akhil cam
you dig you dig
have I seen a ghost story I've you mean
like spooky stories I mean like the the
undead spirit of a story this story
passed on too soon the ghost of mass
effect if there is a movie called ghost
story then no I have not seen it I've
you know
stories that I have seen it's a long
matchmaking
yeah they're referring to the latest
half in the bag
I didn't haven't seen the latest half in
the bag I'm sorry I'm very sorry did you
guys ever kill Jason yes didn't you do
it on streem yeah you did it live on
stream Aaron was unfazed that's right it
was you and Karen I remember that I
remember that it was you and Karen and
you did it the whole team got to get a
new kill Jason and then she started
talking about a book she was reading
what is a ghost story
give me what's the quick rundown why
would I know about it it sounds from now
oh that's right that's the Casey Affleck
who's in an actual bed sheet for the his
ghost story movie yeah sign them I know
of it
where you want to go where you hey I
have yeah this is you you're the moment
experienced in this fucking game again
you know you know a lot more than a lot
more than I have this um you know what
let's see what happens all the way up
there if we go like hereis Aaron
so wait them wait til we get like over
this area okay and then and then drop
out and head over there that might be
just far enough away from the plane
where we'll we'll catch the outskirts
and I think even like underneath it here
there's like a mansion or something but
let's let's aim for like bearish we'll
just see what happens well just see what
happens get ready and go I don't where
are you at I am I'm above you okay
yeah it's maybe head for that that house
cluster right there yeah that one right
if anyone else decided to come this way
what happens if you don't pull a
parachute I think it doesn't
automatically it does as soon as you hit
that white line on the lower left it
pulls it automatically you can pull it
earlier and it gives you a little more
distance if you pull it earlier you can
get further whoa I know I think going
splat should have been an option right
oh we're like yeah like a health health
decrease but you land quicker and you'd
have to you'd have to play that game
I got a nice backpack a gun would be
nice
I got a nice backpack no button to
instantly take things yeah that whatever
the door button is the grab button do
everything button I were we're close ish
to the circle what trance are you in
that house quiver for a crossbow I know
you're fond of bows leaving on the
ground though like I did see a handgun
there but I don't think anyone's near us
and I just never use handguns so why
even why even pick it up you know
there's a ton of backpacks over here if
you need that are there shotgun there we
go I'll fight with a grenade so I wanted
to click on this untaken
why do I have to drag it you have to
drag it I want to just what can I click
on it
well you if you if you just point over
with your mouse and oh you know like in
real in IRL
I have like zero guns I have a grenade
though so this is shotgun in by me okay
oh I just picked up a handgun that I
suppose we'll have to do it's a cool
handgun so I'm gonna be okay with it
I've got a level two helmet you have
them yeah up here
great oh there's a road over here I'm
gonna go check out these other houses
and scope out this road see if there's a
vehicle that we can love a one backpack
pilfer pistol Oh a tommy gun
yeah tommy gun you see any kind of
assault rifle like thing that would be
nice I just took one sorry that's fine
no you probably need one to not upset
about that
if we don't find anything soon ish I
will give you one of my assault rifles
on top cocktail oh yeah I gotta take
them all top house I came from yet is
all right a little bit we got to get
moving so last last sweeps a little bit
we have to find the car as far huh it's
farm no it's not terribly far but a car
will make our lives slightly easier like
we could probably make it but there's
also a Jeep over there so I'm gonna go
get the Jeep you keep you keep up
pilfering okay I'll bring the Jeep to
you you have a shotgun I got a spare
choke no no doo doo doo doo doo doo - -
Black Panther hype is picking up a
little bit yeah
anyone anyone who's like myself into
hip-hop hear the news that Kendrick
Lamar is curating and contributing to
the Black Panther soundtrack this one
there's gonna be a whole there's gonna
be a whole kendrick lamar thing and i'm
very excited about that as he is a very
good artist or yet her yet he's good
with the hip hop's
and that's coming up soon ish I don't
want to run you over who are you I'm the
silly run to stop what was that did you
get it I got on the car
not as good Jeep
okay here we go
what how about they're gonna go up there
yeah it's it's in the circle but it's
distance away from where the plinth line
of where the plane went by sure sir
nitrogen might be unlooted if you check
the map see if there's a bridge I need
to take there then Oh someone shooting
at us
they can't hit us we're in an armored
Jeep SIA sucka ducks ye
check this out
yes doors are closed inside doesn't
necessarily mean anything I think it's
good good and I'm going left you go
right good good breach good breach
there's like little electronic noises
there's a drink they get flashhider
helmets is what I'm interested in that's
nothing that's nothing that's nothing
oh hey hey helmets level - I'll take
pistol 9-millimeter ammo and then yeah
if we can get a like a scope we will be
will be shotgun you need a shotgun and
I'm done and a helmet not a good one but
I hung up or I already got a hell up but
thank you okay mm-hmm lots of shotguns
oh car coming we're at my coming here
coming yep
yeah it's showing up right now
where are you at I'm in this kitchen you
see anything else out there it could
have just been one could have been I'm
not seeing anything jumps out and we're
gonna see if I can jump out the window
what's he got what's he got did you pick
up his loot no I did not pick up his
loot all right I think I think it's the
one shit ton of bandages and painkillers
I got a 4x scope oh there we go that's
what we need
I got a red dot scope I got holographic
sights drop the 4x go yeah um I'll take
the energy drink 4x scope all right drop
the 4x scope it's right here Pam how are
you um bandages whatnot my god I got a
shit-ton now I'm good you're good yep
I'm good yeah oh there we go now we can
now we can cause some damage see if
there's any is still use better fucking
weapon let's check this other house yeah
there's blue one here yeah a suppressor
for my handgun
we got here we go more pistols
great quick quick draw mag another
shotgun I hear another car shit
I tell me if you see anything yeah
there's people out there in the distance
okay which way west I can't see the damn
numbers like one eighty five two of them
okay oh I see their Jeep do you still
see them no I think they're crouched out
there somewhere you think I think many
things I know few okay you think they're
gonna come back for their Jeep is the
question I think they're waiting in
ambush for us to go to the Jeep I think
that's our Jeep no our Jeep is over here
you're just getting go away oh we could
I don't have anything good for
long-range yeah I don't see him all
right yeah let's get in our Jeep and go
away our Jeep is north yeah wait this is
Jeep Beckerman yeah yeah
ready yeah just get the fuck out of here
yep
ie
we're going around you motherfuckers
unless he want to try to run them over
no I mean we can I try to write them all
I absolutely do not fucking want that
okay until the bomb wait how about those
houses over there let's sit over there
where this is great houses
I mean we could that's not inside the
circle oh we got a ways to go
oh yeah whiz ish all right you're right
you're right I could use something
that's not close range I'm with you man
see if we can find those fucks and shoot
at him from far away with what I'm with
mine oh you uh have enough for that fork
scope I'm just waiting for that bomb
zone to get done with
come on bomb zone be done bombing
already say you yes ma'am okay I heard
footsteps may have heard footsteps
that's fine
we got time we're gonna wait for those
bombs to stop and then we're gonna head
right through there all right all right
maybe like you know and then and then we
just got to play it by ear at this point
because it's it's getting down there
we're under fifty I think the red zones
gone it's gone great let's do it nope
excuse you there we go
don't want to go through the school
would do lucky no I know we have a very
nice armored vehicle here let's not mess
it up
go go go go
gogo and not near the house around the
house
running over there
excuse me rock little shed chapters
don't drive through every bush
anticipating that somebody is hiding
yeah oh there's the house or something
over here big house up there yeah let's
go check that out
nope somebody's there
shit
they're more scared of us than we are of
them you see that guy over there
don't want to be over there yet Oh maybe
these houses
yeah I mean we got it we got to get into
it at some point you know yeah huh good
nice and I could heal while in the car
do you need it
wait number I can't there might be
people here there might be people here
all right
oh there's an automatic shotgun anyone
know ton of shotgun ammo no one wants to
have a shotgun oh shit
the blue is closing
oh let's call the wrong damn way this
way yeah I know I know
I don't know oh hang out here see who we
can pick off as they come by if
anybody's hanging out in these houses
okay where are we going where are we
where are we oh oh shit how do we get
over there okay that's fine we're gonna
do we need to get the Carm book it um no
we have two minutes we have two minutes
to book it so we're gonna just gonna
play it cool see who shows up I don't
think anyone's gonna show up from but
from the blue circle which is nice but
what I'm thinking the plan should be is
us to head up to that cliffy area there
where we have right freaking out right
we're like way over there see maybe we
should at least get here we're okay it's
probably gonna be a fire fight there but
sure do you need to heal like have an
energy drink or something just to make
sure you're at a hundred percent get to
a hundred percent man get to it all
right let's go okay
let's go
33 alive 32 alive I'm riding on the
beach motherfucker
you have two shotguns
pan you want that pan yeah probably
Oh another pan do I already have a pan I
already have a pan we are just on the
outside hello painkillers you know what
let's uh I have a zillion energy drinks
I'm gonna take an energy drink we got
break real quick okay great
we're gonna take that and pestles and
shotguns we're gonna take 12 gauge ammo
all right we got to get moving again my
phone huh I think I'm full you might be
hey way to get moving I'm on my way boy
where's the egress 3 we're this way to
the egress this way to the ok
we're very close but I want to I want to
get someplace a little more secure okay
as we're getting down we're getting down
to it
see if we can get up on that Club
but things are my god nothing goes on
this gun right this is go let's go that
goes
I'll shoot him back outside the circle
let's plan well we're gonna hang here
for a second we got water on one side
and we have you know this big-ass Rock
is cover on the other so we're just
gonna hang out that's my that's all the
plan I got my friend all right and we're
just gonna see if anybody's hanging out
in those houses right there and we're
just gonna we've been doing a pretty
decent job hanging on the outside we're
just kind of what you want yeah so let's
just keep doing that
wasn't dropping something yeah perfect I
bet this house is that's perfect because
we don't need it we're just gonna kill
the people in it we can probably run
let's run not not make too much noise
for ourselves keep an eye out
this rock is cover and then we're gonna
see who goes for that motherfucker and
then we're gonna shoot their asses
that's my plan that is my entire plan
just hope there's a person over here
we're over there 55 behind rocks
yeah like right where you threw that
smoke I didn't throw that's oh there by
the smoke there by the smoke I'm
flanking jack
huh I'm gonna get behind him
shit I'm getting hit from something stay
behind that tree
there's people at 250
I'm over here somewhere shit there's a
guy over here somewhere
do my best to meet up with you so we're
at least a team here
damn it well there was a guy he probably
just crawled past us
I'm coming to you I'm coming to you oh
shit I got I got shot him down I don't
know there was oh he was he was right
behind you look at the death cam oh he
was right behind you
hey hey 13th 13th not bad not bad at all
I'm gonna call it you know we're still
warming up but ah that's great rich
right click to pick up in inventories
okay okay
