Episode 937
Hacks Fall Flat (part 2)
January 20, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X5RqerkRpfI
___________________________________________

okay what do we got here so jack is the
crash test I mean rich is the cop yeah
we got a rock
are you sure that's the right idea
nice work jack
I'll do it again I can smash I can smash
locks with rocks that is the extents we
actually have to get the thing out of
there
hey dude do we got here
pole hole got some bars oh wait I know
they do I can slip through these don't
worry I got this covered rich I've slept
through bars before I'm getting mine
right away through here oh hello look
this bar has got a bend in it hello
goodbye peace out man
interesting they grow back I thought it
sorta been back but I must have been
just a trick of camera positioning I
think you bend them I did I used to I
used a tool though oh I just I'm like a
unlike a wild animal Mike I just I just
use my body
no no don't don't press the release
button that's the really fun oh you're
doing the I'm cranking yeah Jax or
anything in the the catapult no why do
you want to go in the capital how could
you go into the car bolt and check see
what's going on I I mean one of us
should go in the catapult yes ready yeah
there's the facepalm bone huh no we're
both going on this grand rich Kansas's
I'm happy about it
all right try it again try it again
you get there
all right come back in rich
I'm ready to send you flying
I'm over Stonehenge actually might do
something useful I wonder if we could
move this and calculate some macho
device don't engine is there a lover or
something to turn no but I think I might
be moving it I might be were like
wheeling it oh my god you guys complain
so much you talk about the chat I'm
assuming he's checking plenty about
something we're not complaining about
much right now
now we're seven good time I know that's
unusual for me I could talk about how
blah Star Trek discovery is sure sure
how they've they've turned one of the
great sci-fi franchises do a sci-fi
channel original ooh
your hand out of it get your hand out of
there
Oh fun I think I am I'm pushing this
like a way it's true no I don't think
far escape was exclusively a sci-fi
already that was in conjunction with the
Jim Henson studios and some kind of
Canadian TV show oh you can turn that
we're totally hitting Stonehenge okay I
don't think it's gonna do anything for
us except for hate Stonehenge yes all
right it's your shot rich all right all
right we're gonna go oh oh oh nice
well now we gotta knock down the other
one you know what I don't know we need
to slice his charm it's not gonna do
anything for us she's gonna land here I
think we do it you want - he wants it
we've started this
and it should be about right back
that's honey little baby rock okay Jack
Ridge could you explain to my girlfriend
what this game is I got him to turn off
friends to watch this stream yeah this
is a physics-based puzzle game called
human fall flat you apparently use
physics to do things but your character
controls kind of goofy like like an
Octodad would know but you know I think
the awkward controls is part of the
charm
all right and yeah you just have to
figure out how to get through the door
like this one actually I think we need
to catapult one of us right
oh no you can get through this
what's your plan to unhook that thing
with this tool oh shit I fell off I'm
gonna pick the lock you're gonna you're
gonna see fit oh come on it's not really
working okay maybe I need a bigger you
work on that okay
I'll work on climbing up excuse you
it seems like there's multiple solutions
even which is nice yeah look there's a
little window right here where that
leads
oh yeah scroll through the window so you
don't need the catapults or the door
pick lock thing oh that's the least fun
solution well I'm just you know finding
solutions I get it
no not there between the door
you keep working on that I'll just clips
through
we never work
yeah refused to go
keeps glitching the lock is on the other
side of the lock it looks like a bar
that's just sitting in some pegs and I
wanted to like lift it up by shoving
something through there that that looks
like it should be a valid solution but
maybe it's not but it wasn't easier way
to do it but I just don't care this
looks like the fun method catapult
yourself over
do it I think that's kind of what this
game is all about is like yeah how do
you feel like getting over here
- sorry about Michael burn up in a
fucking boat it took me a while to
remember - Michael you know
it's not your grandfather's the Star
Trek like my grandfather Star Trek just
fine no green cube up there rich yeah
it's just I mean it's not it's not
terribly exciting it's not it's not a
terribly exciting show and you know it's
not very Star Trek II I've been like the
names of things it's not very Star Trek
II at all yeah you know like I've said a
few times like I think they do have a
couple good episodes here they're like
the the time minute at the time I think
I think good is being a bit generous it
was okay well maybe not they had a
couple good premises but they had a
couple good setups exact same premise
was done better and and TNG yeah no but
gritty war I don't know serialize drama
drama oh so I guess that means I guess
that means discovery is better oh yeah
is this something I can go in you can
push me in yeah I don't think you can go
in the fire but it doesn't it seem like
you should be able to eat yeah
we might need that carton you might need
that cartridge
I was hoping I could use the cart to
like bash this door in this one thing
it's not a thing
swimming I just checked swimming is not
a thing I can see that see if I can
bashing this door in again but I'm just
not gonna go fast enough
so then we just need the cart over here
those - no what's up there a whole bunch
of nothing man
okay
okay
now kind of wish we hadn't destroyed the
wall
why
might be a lead over here yeah but you
can't already there's no stairs over
there that's not a secret area rich
get-together
oh crap fuck we go
yeah okay okay okay oh so what I mean I
don't even know if there's anything else
to talk about like what's in the news
you know like nerd wise there's not a
whole lot going on anyone can catch
black lightning the black lightning TV
show here's something I saw a blurb
about it here's something crazy is CW
added a new superhero show to the roster
that's not part of the air overs Oh
black lightning there's not going to be
a part of the universe as of right now
that seems silly considering how popular
the arrow verse is I'll probably there
isn't that really my grand scheme of
things I don't know people they're still
on how popular is any show if it's still
on very not can mildly mildly
floundering
let's go but oh gosh dang it all the way
back to the beginning
Oh barely made that
so yeah new a new superhero show I
caught the UH I caught the pilot it was
alright it was alright I was ok with it
not
they they had an intra they did have a
couple interesting bits and I'm looking
forward to how they explore them because
you know the the the deal with Black
Lightning is he used to be a vigilante
but then he gave it up for his family
and became the principal designee
already yeah the the thing the season
premiere just aired I won't say
yesterday so I became a principal local
high school and he had a little blurb
about how he's been able to save more
lives as an educator yeah then he ever
has his black lightning and that made me
think about how we've joked about how at
this point Bruce Wayne is just doing it
to beat up yeah poor people and like how
he could do so much more with his wealth
than be Batman right and so I'm hoping
that that idea is explored a bit in
Black Lightning the idea of like you
know what good can superpowers do so on
NPR called Black Lightning the first
show on TV with a black protagonist had
to yell at my radio oh that does seem a
bit extreme that's clearly not the first
show on TV with a black protagonist the
first superhero show perhaps whatever
trying to think of other superhero shows
are we counting cartoons laughs static
shock
static shock right you might not count
cartoons a lot of people a lot of Lipa
which is not actually on TV I was gonna
say a lot of people don't count Netflix
yeah a lot of people do not count
Netflix and so if you're looking at
superhero shows obviously it's not the
first ever TV show with a black
protagonist but if you're looking at
superhero shows on TV spawn was a black
superhero on TV decades ago that's what
that was a cartoon right yeah yeah
live action we're going live action here
are you still black when your flesh has
been rotted off he was black before
Robbie was black so this one was black
yeah well now he's like a demon so yeah
he's no he's demonic rotting protoplasm
I don't know help me help me think of
something I they nut off the top of my
head of course someone's gonna like
mention the one I'm gonna go oh but I'm
saying the Mantis which I'm not and
super familiar with it sounds vaguely
familiar I don't know what Mantis is I'm
sorry
'we do what a TV show
was it a TV show I think us Mozart could
about a blade TV show I just know our
big dog we're just not familiar oh I I'm
not familiar with the blade TV show I'm
sorry I is there that's they're saying
they're saying blade that's that's what
they are saying yes there was a TV show
oh well then there you go and then you
know the question is I guess did they
treat that as a superhero show or as a
vampire show and I know blade has always
like rode the line but blades not a
superhero then neither is the Punisher
well right but I guess both bait blade
and Punisher are anti-heroes but there's
there's less fantastic elements The
Punisher he's just a guy with guns makes
him a superhero is he likes to wear
skull on his chest I can't get this
stupid lock out I have no idea what
mantis is he's is not the only
protagonist what the arguably arguably
the most popular member of the a-team
was mr. T's crew to add and howling mad
Murdock obviously is comic relief even
my favorite dude did it do
the black Albert's super I have no idea
you guys keep saying mantis and I'm
going to keep saying I don't know what
mantis is yeah I think I saw the pilot
years ago it sounds like a sounds
vaguely familiar and that I don't think
anything happened with it I got I mean
do they actually successfully make it a
show or did it get cancelled like right
away oh you don't even know if it was a
show needs to be picked up for at least
you know half a season there are no
official standards for this no of course
not I guess what I'm saying what I'm
saying is if if a TV writer says you
know first superhero show with a black
protagonist right now we're having
trouble coming up with another one so
wouldn't it's not like named a bunch of
shows what we've named a bunch of them
well but with the normal caveats not
animated alright alright with the
caveats I think it's perfectly
acceptable the show I mean who knows how
good it's gonna be like I said it was
like well when will we have the first
action series with a black protagonist
who is also wearing red pants that's the
real question
it's these you know that not animated
seems like a fairly arbitrary
restriction no cuz animated shows it's
not the same thing
Wow with the hook interesting take on
that are you think that's the take you
have to take not sure because generally
animated means not in primetime and so
you know like at primetime shows I don't
know what the criteria are I don't know
what the criteria are
get in the house this game kind of looks
like octo did yeah you know it's it has
goofy controls it does it does it's not
100% Octodad but yes got it Jack grab my
legs and get extra momentum okay I'm
coming time this just right I thought I
did
all right
all right maybe yeah and back and we got
it forward and back forward back go
first cuz I'm ready you're holding on to
me why are you holding on to me oh my
god oh my god oh my god oh my god
I got your rich I got you don't worry I
got you
I sure you everything's okay here I come
okay hamster wheel pretty obvious barely
not that obvious maybe this way am i
doing anything yes you're lifting this
rock great you did it jack you did it
great netflix has more clout than CW so
that's a weird argument it's it's still
different the difference being one is a
paid one is a subscription service and
so it's the same reason why HBO doesn't
count even when you talk about basic
cable right because you have to pay
extra for for HBO and you have to
because you have to pay for Netflix it's
a subscription service and so it doesn't
count as basic TV how do we get you over
here I can drop this plank down I don't
know if that'll help you or hurt you
also there's another hook I see that I
see that oh listen it all counts as TV
but it's different than standard
television Oh careful something that's
too steep for you to climb I would also
assume that here hold on wait wait can
you grab that grab the top yeah over
here I don't want to fall don't fall
perfect Oh can you lower the the rock a
little bit oh sure sure I'm good oh no
that's bad
perfect
about that actually yeah this could work
lower it all the way okay we got this we
got this thing with the internet the
definitely oh right well the definition
of television is becoming more fluid
because now it's just shows that we
watch on our TV but there is still a
huge difference between what is shown on
free TV versus what is shown on page
Jenny
check it out jack just lift this a
little bit all right tell me try
stopping there okay it's gotta go a
little bit more going super slow
yeah that's that's totally work we
fucking did it we fucking did it great
look at that I got fuckin contraption
that's a fucking contraption boom we did
it we did it
lots of people don't on TVs cable isn't
free right cable isn't free and that's
what I'm saying that's why CW ABC NBC
Fox CW but does anyone really care about
the network's any CBS oh well no but I'm
just saying by definition of those are
things that you can get without having
to pay a subscription for okay and so
therefore the definition of them
therefore that it has a slightly
different definition than your Netflix
or HBO's or cable or or whatnot right
network TV versus everything else when
it comes to quality obviously we're
seeing a lot more from the from the paid
service but
I guess what like I know exactly what to
do okay
there you go I don't know oh no nope are
you upset with me J is he trying to say
you pay extra for premium channels no
there's a I'm saying there is a
difference between network television
and any sort of subscription service
which should not be this mind-blowing
revelation to everyone we had to ride
the barrel down there and I fucked us
know anything you need I think they
would provide just need the momentum oh
yeah and I jumped at the end
this game should be called drunk
simulator yes there's a window up there
don't drop the barrel for having such a
good time
yes did it
I'm in now what is that always the
question rich shit isn't that always the
question
No
my official review is this game is cute
rich I'm gonna say that's a really fair
official review as it is also very true
these windows I think there's something
out this one that's all about they're
cracking it huh
I think we can get up there but I just
fucked it up last night yeah you don't
want to go out those windows oh there's
a there's a rope see the rope
no who's that going that's gonna way up
to that Tower
interesting interesting
anyways climb with a frickin rope
brother Oh probably man raggedy man I
had no idea network stuff was ever free
network stuff is still free
just got a shitty reception no it's it's
all HD now like it's it's HD television
still get a shitty perception man to the
channel doesn't come in at all instead
of just being fuzzy he just cuts out
it's actually much worse
really yeah oh yeah no we actually we
got a nice uh we got a nice Santana and
network television is still free yeah
you get yourself a nice HD antenna
they're gonna ask us the tightrope walk
I think they're going to ask us to like
hand-over-hand climb no it's not Jack
what I don't know but Network tell these
people don't have rabbit ears on their
TV because you can get TV for free you
can get TV for free you absolutely can
so I don't know what world you've been
living in where you don't get TV for
free but I don't pay for cable and I've
occasionally watched rarely something on
network TV network television is for
free no you did it that's done Fox n CW
are part of your free network television
yes well and you know what in Milwaukee
they are I don't know how it is wherever
you are
but in Milwaukee we got NBC ABC CBS FOX
CW and one more all this kind of cute
where'd you go as I opened a portal
ickis around what's the gate called it's
not unfortunately
oh just look at the patella kisses these
little rock rooms right
oh I opened up the castle gates all I
know great you did it no I can't quite
get this
sacrifice myself did you go up here
I came actually back down hey you up
there I want to see if I can get out
this tightrope can I know you go back
now you came from my open table Gabe
that was closed
alright that at least pull down the lamp
oh look there's over here there's the
whole thing oh I can go ring the bell
ring the bell you go do that there's
another catapult there's a whole nother
area over here man I know when you win
I'm heading over with this windmill
where the fuck are you oh how long let
me get to the top and I'll show you yeah
I think I see what you're oh yeah I'm
Way up here how did you get there but
not the other window I see it do you see
it see what what you do how you get down
the rope well yeah oh that's super
exciting yeah if I can you get that to
work it's gonna be amazing
okay hell I need to grab a little more
to the edge
okay
I do it
it's like I did it
and out have done it I didn't know no oh
well every spawn are you fucked I hope
it responds
oh my god I'm way the fuck over here
your life is fine here
I don't want to be over here
did you fix your arm fix your arm
what are you working on
this one no thing
ah no no idea where the fuck I'm
supposed to go I think at this point
we're just freestyling
how much co-op with this co-op game yeah
it's just a nice bonus yeah do a co-op
do it by yourself both of you fuck
around I think that's fine
whoa whoa well I was lucky back in the
window I almost fell to my grisly death
but then I landed back in the window
everything is just a little bit gummy
which I'm sure is very intentional god
damn it god damn it I really hope that
thing responds that uh that hook you
missed your only chance to get it
I might have that's also a big
possibility
oh it's half of the window you did it
don't what is there it was there a green
cube up there no oh well then then
nothing matters the only thing that
matters are green cubes where do we come
from where do we come from where are we
going I can only assume we're going to
that bridge that you opened down
but I want to see what else in a cave or
something I'm there in there I want to
see what other trouble we can get into
first there's all these little areas
over here all right nope there's all
these little areas over here I want to
go explore I want to see if the I think
there's a secret in there and when a
jack style secret Oh get it man get it
get it I'm gonna head up these stairs
I'm stuck
oh the hook did not respond rich the
hook did not respond
I'm terribly sorry for your loss I'm
gonna cave now I can't get to the bell
I'm severely severely disappointed in
everything back up there Jack there's no
way you wouldn't respond if you threw it
off the ledge oh there we go now we're
talking Thank You Chad that's a
wonderful suggestion unless the hook in
fact doesn't respond well either way I
can full of shit either way I got a non
responding hook nope
hey I'm up on the windmill with you I'm
up on the windmill you're not a ho the
windmill that was so so ten minutes ago
oh wait a minute where was I where was I
going there's a cave under the one and
all that I'm currently exploring Jack I
don't want to be over here though
I want to go back I want to go back to
my tower there's a cave underneath the
windmill yeah I'm just hearing that now
that's that's great you're just hearing
that now just I'm you know it took me a
while to process that information
there's nothing in this cave okay how do
I get to work
wait how did you get over here what you
mean over where the windmill I got over
to the windmill what I mean but how what
do you mean where are you at I point the
camera at the window
you're just jump over the fence
what fence are you talking about what
are you talking about drop full and turn
around it's right there turn left left
let's not down there what you trying to
get up the windmill or no I'm trying to
get back to where I was okay gosh dang
it okay where's the fence well you I
thought you're trying to get to the
windmill if you're trying to get away
from the windmill right I have no idea
how the fuck you do it I swung across a
lamp to get here I'm trying to get away
from the window
I'm trying to get back to my special
castle that's where I'm going
it
hip amen
I've got a an pillo that's interesting
huh did you explore the cave yeah I
didn't see anything too interesting in
there huh okay
Oh Frick do I get out of here into this
house is that where we started no that's
like the end if I climb upon this house
I'm gonna get back so you're screwed I
know maybe you can jump down there and
climb up the cave if you want to go back
Jack yes see where I'm at see I'll go in
this way
you shouldn't down there I'm going this
way nope is that the starting point oh
that's where I'm going well it's
different Stonehenge yeah
wake up that's interesting I don't know
what we've skipped if anything this is
kind of weird
wake up
what's going on you can't reach it yeah
we're gonna find a way damn it this is
simple
I want to see what's up there I wear a
pool up this little hill by this house
from where I'm at well then go do it I'm
just gonna jump wait wait come here come
here out here here you're doing a run
you're doing it wrong come here and
Grammys you're doing it wrong yeah
you're doing it wrong trying to help me
jump across this stupid gap make
yourself a diving board get yourself
some extra distance okay
hold on to it wait wait we got an anvil
with no remember me you see this anvil
yeah what's this like something you know
something
oh I know but it's this thing
Jack do me a favor but you see every but
back with the house what the house yeah
you see that anvil yeah I see the anvil
alright I need you to grab the involute
it on the back of this board okay coming
to you ready ready
there you go all right
oh shit does that work
it's it I'm in have you checked out this
area that area you weren't interested in
checking out earlier because you wanted
to get over here well I was I just
wanted to be able to get over there but
you know it's like I don't let him I
didn't like man I didn't need to be over
there
this whole there's like a little hill
you can get up over here did you get up
the hill
ah no yeah no interested in the hill
earlier well I'm just
you gotta be something else you got me
on this whole this whole bore I was a
Nepal tangent I was looking at something
else you're the one who built the diving
board and jumped off it I would have in
my own due time but then I was button
you know I'm just over here now I'm
gonna get this log
no don't come here log come here
bad luck get up on the stairs get up on
the stairs dance till you feel better
whoa damn mass log
alright alright I gotta grab him I gotta
grab his castle you gotta grab this
castle to her I'm in I did it I did it I
did it oh shit there's a there's a hole
there's a hole in your bucket dear Eliza
there's a hole in the bucket dear Liza
dear Liza errors all hole in my bucket
I'm caring for the only ones who knew
that song it's adorable the dear Liza
song is adorable yeah uh yeah you know
it's fine song
the board is clipping motherfucker
well
thinking if I put this board if I put
this log like in the door then it won't
roll which so far has been like the
biggest hindrance to me using the log as
a platform to get on the roof
I got in no what no what oh oh I
accidentally ended the level oh look I
was just about to get on the roof no I
think the the trapdoor not me I didn't
even know it was the exit I was just
getting to the roof motherfuckers trying
to stop exploring Jack I just
accidentally solved the puzzles I didn't
have the anvil or the board anymore you
should have dropped them over the cliff
rich took them away from me dropped them
over the cliff
no they dropped over the cliff when you
when you win fuck you man I'm rolling
away nope not without me do your job
I'm pulling all of this do your job
better this is perfect this is exactly
that's a puzzle that you need infants
because you're one person rode you we
did it we did it
this game looks infuriating not really
no it's cute it's cute the ferris wheel
if you can get over there
I can see it left left okay
you can feel the rudder I'll control the
wind
well moving just backwards
point is we're moving
perfectly serviceable motorboat in that
way
we're moving
would I would kind of love of run button
feeling that's a form of artificial life
generally shot
it's a weird button by the way
look what happens if you press X yeah
play dead button that's weird I know
that's a weird button
it's a weird button having the video
game you know it's got some kind of
function we have not discovered yet Jack
sure okay where did you go exploring
Jack exploring
this is also not a fair you call it at
first but someone to continue to call
them first I'm just a water wheel I know
you know but we pick the name yeah and
I'm sticking to it Jack that's fine
that's fine you want to get in the
motorboat yes do I want to get in the
motorboat are we going in the motorboat
what else is over here
that's the real question is what else is
over here you know what pause alright
never mind don't bother
here I'll play dead you taking a break
how's everyone doing long cuz we're all
doesn't sound like a bad suggestion I
don't know how we're gonna push it on to
the logs though I don't know how
feasible that is
get a little water Jack we have a plan
you we have a plan try and roll the
water boat on these logs to get to the
water that's a great plan do you think
just the two of us could move it or
would that just be cheating pushing me
into the water it's okay I got in the
boat now you all right you want to steer
I kind of want to throw you under the
water why we all got in we all got in
the boat al I'll be um
he's doing great that way
yeah that looks great yeah let's go to
boat first and depending upon your
camera to see where I'm going if you
keep swimming around can you stop the
boat can you stop the boat how am I
gonna stop the boat
you're controlling the boat and I having
control of jack shit oh I got on a rock
I did I was fairly confident you were
controlling the boat couldn't see my
camera was dedicated to be swiveling
around the thing are you good swimming
this one
okay hey stop stop
okay I feel like I've feel like I'm on a
cycle of shame of shame
okay what's on the boat what's on the
boat what's happening I asked some
lepers okay there you did it
No oh my god
Jack here's our way to steer I can
control Oh
give me a moment I can come up there
let's find out how to get
aye aye captain
okay
that's where you want to go where are we
going right around by the lighthouse
sure put yours forward does it turn us
that turns us then we both go forward we
turned
okay forward ho no forward
that's okay slowly wants to silence
applying pressure
it's going all the way forward
there you go can't stop us now don't
stop me now this is game of a goal it's
just exploring well there's an exit you
gotta find it seems in every level right
so go in the dock turn yours back go
back all the way back here oh yeah
he back a bit more back
like a glove all the way to the end
like a glove
nice did it so there's this red thing
here right and then there's this piece
of equipment that has all the hook the
things to hook so my I'm guessing we
gotta be crane operators okay
that's what I'm that's what I'm assuming
riveting gameplay it's actually kind of
neat physics puzzles I approve of this
game just because you're a sourpuss and
want to see us hiding in a bush for two
hours in the pub gee doesn't mean it's
gonna happen every time oh hello who
though we do get you know we get some
excitement from the pub gee
haters are gone teens haters are the
kind of people that grow in the Dead
Rising series smoke cool Tom be
though--well do with your timer right
there gameplay wait there thing to do
right they just he cut off mombi's as
long as you want
and you follow the story it's very
important that I be able to follow the
foot I like to challenge
all right we have to lift those onto
here question is why do we want why do
we even want to bother where do we want
to go with these crates ah let's think
about this like we probably want to get
to the other side they're right by that
building up on that building or at least
over that did that other catwalk
sure
when I just do that now
what do we get for moving these crates
can you lift it up
I hope yeah but why why do we want any
of this huh what do we get what do we
get out of this no I must explore and
meditate I just know that this is the
thing we got to do cuz here's the big
red button you know this big red button
says oh I do something oh yeah you
almost crushed yourself I almost fell
down just dumb sure that happens you
know can we put it there's a little area
so these okay so we want to get up here
hmm how do we get up here with the
crates I don't know
that orange one is probably the key
because it's tall enough to jump up on
mm-hmm how much mobility do you have
with that back back forth back forth
this way and up and down I wonder if I
could not I there's no pivot but lean
the crane down on you see that can't
walk up above me yeah
like the top portion there then the
bottom half just going down here and
then we walk up get to the other side
mm-hmm that's the plan I think I don't
know like look up you can see how far
the crane goes out yeah does it go out
that far I think oh it does all right
cool
I think that's the play um let me get it
down so we can get the hooks yeah I'll
do the hooks
over more oh yeah I get towards me or
towards forward can you move it over
straight ahead from your perspective a
little bit
wait stop stop good actually it's over
too far bring it back closer stop over a
little bit more towards you
stop
raise it a little bit just a touch very
finicky controls I understand but do you
back into the lab wait now I got one I
got one don't touch anything back into
the left
stay in there all right move it left
stop
can you move it left a bit more
yeah
stop it's not gonna go can make Senor
depressed tonight tell you something
funny and I don't I don't know if I have
anything terribly funny for you um can
you lower it I need more slack just a
little bit just touch I don't want to I
don't want to unhook the other ones I
mean we might be able to do it with just
these right oh you got it
rich what do you have funny wise nothing
I don't got it I don't got too much
funny man I don't got too much funny for
and I'm sorry about that
it's not a lot of funny happening right
now you got this rich
I don't do anything just yet think I
think that's it oh you're getting on
yeah
Lilla
wait to rob son okay yeah a little bit
more forward if you can is that it
that's it
try lowering why don't you get off on
the surface now oh yeah yeah it's good I
do just in case I Biff this
it's probably too harsh of an angle
right try it try it it's like a little
bit this way looked on the one side that
might not be a problem if you just try
to push back a bit
yeah maybe
yeah that was a nice team puzzle that
was so for my oh there's a hidden wall
right there oh she can't get through the
thing can you get around the edge they
were not expecting need to go through
that yeah you know you do raisin
so the hooks are up so you go through
that you could totally get through there
very raising it then I just got to go
back I know I know
like a chump
uh let's see here you know what I can
talk about rich this does not affect you
in any way and it barely affects me but
a YouTube has started deep partner izing
smaller channels oh yeah this they say
this was a backlash too you know kind of
the some of the not so nice things that
some YouTube partners were doing some
some bad content okay but really it's
just it's punishing smaller channels and
it's saying you need to meet certain
thresholds to be partner you need to
have you know so many views and view
hours per month you need to have so many
subscribers right or else you can have
partners in it so like for example my
personal YouTube channel which I never
upload to got deep partner eyes okay
I said hey your deep partner eyes get
out of here we're fine you know we we
meet the criteria so previously recorded
is fine but the interesting note that
that I was reading about today is that
YouTube is also doubling down on a rich
oh my lord I'm so sorry I've wanna just
pick up twice right in right in the
microphone YouTube is also doubling down
on the creation of original content with
YouTube red yeah and so some people are
theorizing that this is YouTube's
Netflix esque pivot to original content
yeah
and as anybody subscribe to YouTube red
uh you know what I have been for a
couple months
yeah and it's great what do they have
it's worth an an ad-free viewing
experience so worth it
they have the ability to hear something
that's huge with YouTube Brad and I'm
probably gonna cancel it because I'm not
gonna use it much anymore
but I was going on I was you know I was
traveling a lot during the holidays and
I was going to want to watch a couple
longer YouTube videos on the plane but
of course the plane spotty Wi-Fi who
knows if they're gonna be able to watch
the video you with YouTube red you can
download YouTube videos to watch later
right so that's why I bought it
I got it I got it for just a month
thinking I'll download some videos watch
them on the plane and then cancel it but
I've just been really enjoying the
experience I miss YouTube you know it's
going it's it it could be that they they
want to go the route of original content
creation and if that's the case there's
gonna be a problem you're such a bad
jack don't we create original content we
do but YouTube doesn't control it I know
YouTube doesn't own that that doesn't do
any I and if you guys if we don't run
ads on our stuff we're just taking up
server space man that's all we are is a
drain on server you know what was
probably the the worst thing I do over
there does complicated goofy thing Oh
see this a hole in the bar over here I
just jump through it jumped right
through it man what are you doing
you find his moves a red thing the gate
man H when all you have is a hammer
though the whole world is a nail so in
case you want to know what probably the
final nail in the YouTube coffin will
end up being is patreon yeah yeah think
about it think about it for 100 for one
hop YouTube gets nothing out of it so if
you have a patreon you might decide not
to run ads on your video because you're
getting it through pay your patrons
right but then YouTube well they get
nothing they get nothing except for you
taking up their server space and so with
with how popular things like patreon
patreon has been I'm betting that's
what's like that and people who use ad
blockers and I'm stuck you can you can
get through or maybe not
people who use ad blockers stuff like
that like these are all the reasons why
YouTube is trying to pivot to something
more sustainable your head stuck I know
it is I'll be getting through you can do
it rich you can do it it's getting worse
how can I get worse
there's a better solution over here look
I'd be happy just to get my head free
right now right
Jackie you pull me out yeah put yeah
it's good this could turn out to be to
our benefit I got an idea oh wait I got
an idea wait I'm gonna use your corpse
oh my god that's brilliant okay step on
your corpse to get pardon me original
can you jump on mine cards that's what
I'm trying hard me rich you know any
time now
stay still here we go here we go getting
over getting over
there we go and I've come so far I don't
want to I mean I can't pull you out
perhaps I could push you oh wait maybe I
could lift you up maybe I could lift you
up
can you just climb on the stoop then
grab me lift
I don't know I don't know what we can do
about this rich this is the most
ridiculous thing I've ever seen here
jump up my body jump yeah we did it
alright Jack grab the other end of this
box let's stack them okay we're gonna
make stairway to heaven
okay do we want to do that over here
over we're like just over here what's
over here
Oh like that looks like and goes into a
big thing of water that big vat yeah
what something inside here that another
vet nope that didn't work out now you
get stuck Jack I'll go get more boxes
Thanks come on bucks I got another box
and you know I can deal with that
well I'm just gonna even nothing on the
other side of this we're doing just dumb
wrong things that's always a possibility
that might be like the mission statement
for the game dude um wrong things all
right you know that is that's a great
it's a great staircase crappy staircase
there you go it's a great staircase
and we're just exactly where we were man
we're just exactly where we were
it's not easy building stairs this game
should have in toddlers don't you agree
shot like giant toddlers yes perhaps
alien toddlers maybe these are alien
toddlers what is it you're trying to do
build the stair take it over the top
easier okay I can you climb on that now
can you get over the fence from from
that starting position yes yes what's
over there what's over there okay this
thing no this thing is over here oh oh
there's lots of stuff over here
yeah oh there's stuff with chains I can
what is that it's like a boat thing
looks like a boat thing Oh
drainage pipe how are you okay you're a
boat how do we make you go boat go boat
i'm on a boat
oh my god that's the game because that's
the game is make things hard go this way
vote
rich yeah we can swim
okay all right don't worry I'm figuring
out a puzzle you just keep worrying and
getting over that wall boom I just
figured it out I got a puzzle beat
my favorite thing about this game it's
like to to get like revved up you have
to go like this like you just really
have to like it's almost like you're
praising the next jump like please jump
come to me land it's great not too fast
No I'm getting out of here man first of
all that's great
can you pull me through from this end I
don't even know if I can get back to you
over here oh wait maybe I can No
yeah I rich yeah oh well you're stuck so
I never mind I think we might have been
really dumb about how we get over that
wall yeah yeah I think we might have
been I don't know if I can get to you
but I will try that's all right I could
just read tips or something my hand
okay so rich yeah here's what you do
take a box and drag it into that one Oh
God
here's what I'm thinking do you think
the box floats yes I do
thinking if you stack the boxes up there
cuz that's where I landed I'm like right
over there I'm thinking I'm thinking
that might be the key to all this I
think it's very possible that we were
very dumb don't tell anyone though or
else we'll lose all of our cred as true
gamers
where you taking your hop on that boat
I'm at the door I open the door already
just gone the door huh just going the
door well it's not the exit are there's
more get up oh yeah you got to get up
for us to fall off of it he won't get up
I'm sure toddlers are the inspiration
for this fucking thing oh sure there's
more rich there's more to do I'm pods on
that you know that's fair that's fair
man we can just read names we'll be done
hey mentally exhausted because of
because my head was jammed that's fair
man
praise the Sun
that's fair man indestructible babies
are minutes away from three hours in the
stream that's a short stream what do you
want to don't like more on your own or I
need a break then I'll find something to
play okay I'll find something to play
well you shut her up here yeah let's see
what we got
yeah
I'm not playing pub G and she deleted
for space oh did you download it we
don't need no pub G I think I figured we
were done with him for a while I am yeah
even at home I'm finding it hard I ain't
playing no pub G I'll find something to
play fight of gods you could have done
you could have deleted fight of gods
just the do G or the steam version well
this is Jack's game so it's Jack's
version on Steam oh yeah I got it
through a steam bundle there was like a
there's like a four we haven't been
reading tips this whole time haha yeah
there was a like a four game that was
like fun weirdo games that you could get
