Episode 938
Mad Olmec Strats!
January 21, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=unbejgt_0LU
___________________________________________

that you could get Jake any status
updates on the n64 situation you still
haven't played Diddy Kong Racing I still
haven't played Diddy Kong Racing that's
true that is absolutely true rich the
only update is that I have not been
thinking about it okay which I know is
not a very good update that's not the
update you want so we haven't read any
tips today then alright you've not read
I don't think that too many I realized
we're not reading shit
so we're not that bad good good please
depressing madam says best the worst fun
fact Slade Craven actor John Mann is a
Canadian musician diagnosed with early
onset Alzheimer's a few years ago that's
depressing oh that is the present
Slade Craven was the rock singer in high
voltage not high voltage
the plane woman he was like Marilyn
Manson yeah turbulence maybe just
turbulence was it just turbulence I mean
I wouldn't doubt I wouldn't I wouldn't
doubt that I just forget I just forget
that's too depressing to read Wow
chat you guys are you guys are with us I
like that you're with us in our funk
come 907 Suns I just watched your AVP
commentary I wonder whether you ever get
around to seeing the second one and
whether you are optimistic about the
upcoming Shane Black predator film then
are like three years o on the Shane
black predator film I don't know I give
it a shot
Shane Black is a terrific director a
terrible writer either
oh yeah that's yeah that's also true
that's also true
Shane Shane black is good at the things
that Shane Black does so yeah
tired sad I just oh thank you
who is an artist that has a major public
scandal that you still enjoy their work
to an extent hey it's probably Mel
Gibson and Woody Allen's work hey I
don't have a great answer
I just don't write gonna be sick of
talking about celebrities who have done
horrible horrible things can I be done
with that apparently not apparently the
answer is no you cannot I don't know yet
IV a they'd be a tough they'd be a tough
call Paul Rubens I barely did anything
wrong he fuckin he jerked off in a porno
theater you know he didn't do it in some
kids face he didn't drag a woman behind
an alley and shove it in her face he
just jerked off at a porno theater well
you know you he didn't hurt anyone
except for maybe the janitor
fatal error oh it did not like that it
did not like that at all
wait you can't jerk off from porno
theaters no you can't which is why the
the cops were there literally as like a
quota system whether like yeah let's go
down to the PO nathie and arrest some
people just because like they knew they
could arrest people that night like yeah
we gotta arrest someone yeah let's go
arrest someone and it just so happened
to be Paul Reubens yeah that's like the
thing with the old-school porno theaters
and Oquendo says what year what was your
favorite weapon and starting class and
blood ball I recently started playing
and I'm blown away by how good it is
thanks for the streams and the great
reviews the classes that was basically
just some early minor stat differences
right yeah I didn't I didn't even pay
attention to the class well I kind of
did a little bit because one of the
things the staff said I wanted to build
up but one of those higher to start work
for
hey as far as starting Weapon X you know
and I used the the song thing the
soughing the soft saw blade oh yeah I
like that saw blade some big part of
that axe that big heavy attack fucks
things up early game saw cleaver Thank
You sparkly yeah I love that song
cleaver that was mine that was my jam
I was never overly impressed by the whip
and I wanted to be I feel it I feel like
the whip was the hard weapon or it's
like if you want to show off you use the
whip and so like I wanted to use the
whip but I was never good enough
got around flavas be able to dress like
a teddy bear
apparently just the player player model
I chose oh sure do you get the thing is
you just because just guys this cosmetic
okay
twenty-eighth dresses important question
you guys think screenwriters will ever
be replaced by AI and would it make a
film more or less interesting for you if
you do a computer and not a human wrote
it I don't I don't see that being an
issue anytime soon
outside of novelty I could absolutely
see like someone putting together like
you know the first movie written by a
computer but mostly it's just garbled e
Guk if it's if it's writing by
assembling you know bits and pieces of
others other authors work should the AG
got the credit or should every
screenwriter is cobbling from sharing
the screen credit well what was the big
deal recently Oh Oh artificial
intelligence
examined all known Harry Potter source
material yeah so all the books the play
and the fantastic beasts yeah and then
assembled one chapter of a new Harry
Potter book I'm assuming it sounds like
gobbledygook no it's actually pretty
good okay like it's I like some of it is
a little silly and some of it doesn't
make sense but if you ran that through
an editor they could fix it you know hmm
they could absolutely fix it some of it
was not that bad
ai is coming for all of us is the moral
of the story
annex some of the stuff we get with an
AI might be more interesting than the
stories that come out of you know actual
writers Xing take that take that
Hollywood
like I told the story I'm a you know a
little I told the story like a little a
little rushed but when when I was down
in the Bahamas my cousin had a drone
yeah and you know like that was cool
enough and drone technology is getting
to a point now where you can just do
some really neat things you know oh you
meant to talk about those but the most
impressive are so like yeah lying the
drone was so dumb like anyone could do
it but the really neat thing was as soon
as he landed the thing he could press
one button on his phone which was part
of the controller you plug your phone
into the controller and the app that
controlled the the drone used
information from like the accelerometer
the heights you know it can do a really
simple motion tracking to assemble a
30-second video to some awesome music
and so it was a decent video like we did
you do do do you know like it's all it's
drone footage so it's all like epic
Vista's anyway right right but the point
is it's artificial intelligence getting
you edited material and that's the
future that's that is absolutely the
future I could absolutely see myself
like I'm not a wedding photographer but
if I was a wedding videographer and I
use a drone footage to get some awesome
outdoor wedding shots yeah I could have
something to show the bride when she was
walking down the aisle yeah yeah they'd
go nuts for that mr. Dubbs no no no
they'd say why am I paying you because I
have the I have the I have to fly it I
still have to fire
Jack sounds really excited about someone
taking his job I'm excited about the
future and I'm comfortable enough in I'm
comfortable enough in what I do job wise
to not be replaced right away we're all
getting replaced eventually but I might
make it a little bit
Becky Gump plate says this has been the
worst month of my life and it keeps
getting worse every day
sorry I know you can't fix it but I had
to share my pain with someone PS I
turned into Eloise Cole kill me that's
the only way to stop a brief Club and
it's get them killed him before they
fully turn I did not know this rule yeah
about grief clowns
I guess if you wait until they turn and
kill them then they only get more
powerful sure a fucking boulder fell on
me I wasn't feeling that great about
Automation she can take us all telegin
says rich and Jack you see Andy Dick's
live meltdown on Twitch know like like
five percent about Andy Dick five
percent care about Andy Dick's meltdown
oh that's that's way more than a hoses
suspecting I was unsure Andy Dick was
still alive ups why is having a meltdown
Automation cannot replace my laughs oh
no they could they could finally laugh
and and they would they would try to
maximize its effectiveness were there
like you know if there's too much laugh
we've noticed a drop in fewer numbers
and so we need to make sure we maximize
enjoyment level to our viewers no no
court no breeches laugh automated
everything automated the algorithm
devours everything
the algorithm is acute social geometer
since been watching the content free for
years got a twitch account just so I
could give it to him and to once again
hear you say lol fuck my cock thank you
good to hear this dumbass says play
Final Fantasy not just kidding what do
you guys think of the MCU movies are
getting better or worse you're staying
the same under staying the same yeah
consistency isn't a bad thing I was
gonna say they started up pretty good
though right right and they've remained
pretty good you know I'm trying to think
of like any outliers you know where or
it's either been amazing or like
guardians hasn't quite been the same
formula
yeah kinda though like it's all part of
the same soup where they take an
outsider ish director and you know give
him the proper restrains and some proper
guidance and a budget
like that's that's that's jon favreau
all over with James Gunn
first two thorough movies were dogshit I
never saw Thor - oh really but first we
nowhere near as bad as I would have
expected a Thor movie it's just you know
it's just a Thor movie right just make
Thor somewhat likeable and interesting I
don't know I wasn't sitting there the
whole time thinking everything about
this is stupid all right that's fair
that's very as I would expect to an
authoritative normally that's a fair
that's that's fair criticism
great yeah and you know the dark world
it's fine it's it's it's not the dark
world seeing it a second time I saw it
before Ragnarok
it definitely wasn't as bad as I
remember it being the first time I saw
it
okay it's again it's just kind of a Thor
movie and it's it's I'm personal it's a
me problem
where it's like I just don't care about
any of these people here's a question
yeah should I watched or two before
eventually watching for three you still
haven't seen recognize no is that video
yet is that on Netflix that's a great
question I actually don't know yes I I
would say it is relatively important to
see Thor cube before you see right good
okay I kind of know about the ending is
that the only thing I'd really need to
know there's some there's some general
character stuff where it's it would do
you more good yeah it would do you more
good than bad to see it
just catch up on all bits
you
ketchup yeah yeah it might be worth it
to see
I almost leave still message good thank
you Lord Belmont says Lord Velma we did
address this at the beginning of the
street
sure what do you both think of
nintendo's libera
it's official Nintendo cardboard for
only $70 also do you guys know who mr.
MIT metalcore is no he's hilarious
he has mentioned liking aural I'm a few
times I just no idea we uh sorry about
that
but then it's under cardboard is silly
wait at first I thought well you know I
don't get it but it's probably gonna be
cheap but if it's not cheap I don't even
see the fucking point other than they
make a lot more money that way maybe
it's $70 for the game and the cardboard
you know but if it were priced you know
like cardboard
maybe they'd make up that money with
volume
I'm guessing it's gonna be like $70 for
the game and like that your starter
cardboard and a new cardboard will be
relatively cheap that's what I'm
assuming I have nothing to back up this
claim
it's literally for children yeah but $70
is a lot for cardboard it's a lot for
children
seventy dollars is a big ask like when
you're buying something for a kid
how long's car for the device
how long is that gonna last for let's
just shreds honey and then they need
more and they like the game they're
gonna cry for more once you have once
they have one card once you have one
card board it's easy to make more I hate
him more than where I think about it
yeah yeah yeah yeah I'm gonna be okay
with it just because it's something
weird you know I like it when people I
like it when big established companies
do
for the sake of being weird yeah I don't
think it's for the sake of being weird I
think they're trying they're trying for
something if you're trying for some
they're trying to be they're trying to
we're trying to push the boundaries in a
big bad
do you get push it Nintendo ah push it
anonymous says hey guys I kind of sort
of flunked that interview that I
mentioned on Sunday sorry I'm still
looking but any advice on how to get
started in writing and or and streaming
and possibly earning money for well
helps if you have a pre-existing
successful YouTube presents that really
as far as how you get noticed there's no
you gotta just make good stuff there's
no there's no golden ticket it's just
make stuff until people notice be
interesting it to be good or interesting
I think to be a decent streamer
yeah and I mean as far as like writings
to all the the the only advice that
someone can give to someone in your
position which you might not find to be
very good advice is you just have to do
it start streaming start writing and see
what works
hopefully you're smart enough to know
what works
and know what fails and fail a little
bit and write a whole bunch of stuff man
you probably gonna be bad at first
oh you ever with anything you're gonna
be bad for a while like you're gonna be
bad for years you're gonna be you're
gonna be bad for a long time but that's
okay because if you keep doing it
eventually you'll get good that's for
everyone if you can endure years of
yourself being really shit at something
you know now that that might not be
great advice
but it's the best I got because that's
what I did that's what we all did it's
just it just kept doing things until we
learned until we learned what it was we
were doing in the first place
valiant bloodshot says rich rich are you
going are you going back to watch more
Star Trek discovery for the review of
season 1 or have you given up also is it
intentional that Mike always brings up
Star Trek and each best of the worst
episode it's well since it's become a
thing probably go he probably goes out
of his way to do it now but Mike does
just genuinely love Star Trek and it
comes up enough but I'm betting yeah
like if he sees an opportunity to make a
Star Trek reference he'll no longer keep
it in where he says no people like this
this is a running bit now I can just get
it he can get away with it now as far as
me and discovery I mean if if Mike wants
to talk about the second half of the
episode I'll probably just binge the
rest of it at some point but and that
I'm not chomping at the bit to watch
more Discovery there's a lot of sci-fi
shows I could watch right now that
aren't mediocre too bad some might have
characters I give a shit whether they
live or die careful now careful now
you're getting you're throwing out some
hotcakes
I read a spoiler about the second you
know they return for the second half of
discovery she's like yeah I didn't care
so what I don't care about any of the
characters on that show like any of them
yeah yeah yeah there's some good sci-fi
out there make sure you get yourself
some some expand I kind of hope this
ship blows up and they can replace them
with a different crew we had a walk Club
breach a whole crew then I'll do it in
the next episode but all those fucking
Klingons in the ship to get them all
fucking so you say you don't much care
for the show yeah basically taught you
know sometimes it's hard to read between
the lines with you
rich not even Tilly till he's fine
like I wouldn't watch a show about Tilly
she's a fine she's a fine background
character she the roommate yep
she's a fine background character right
sure no I got like I understand I get
what her role is contrast for that
sourpuss Michael right to comedic Lee
contrast with with with the big with
Debbie Downer my only my only issue with
that is like they know that that Michael
is or you know war criminal matter like
would they really give her a roommate is
that a is that a normal thing that would
happen in a universe it's the Star Trek
protagonist is a work right
and so then they're just like I don't
know sticker with the redhead like sir
are you I do fear for the safety of our
crew at all like no sticker with the
redhead it'll be fine
but I guess they can legally use words
like Starfleet Vulcan and Klingon so
it's Star Trek yep
yeah rich you gonna do what are you
gonna do about it man
that's trick at least rain is getting
work he's the best part about that show
and he was a guest character in two
episodes yeah he was a fine
wasn't my favorite Harry Mudd
it's a fans Star Trek show better we're
talking about Star Trek continues Star
Trek continues is fantastic
accent our accent are killed that goose
accident the shady fan project that
earned millions of dollars wouldn't
right how the fuck did they think they
could get ever get away with that right
did or do they care and then they ruin
fan films for everyone
it's also probably the reason this new
show is another prequel about the war
with the Klingons and then to fully
establish their control over that
concept you know you're probably know if
you want to know why this start the trek
doesn't take place in the future after
Voyager that's why because Axanar wanted
him into a Klingon word prequel like you
know now they have now now paramount or
CBA who are in the fuck it is now has to
establish dibs we own this we own this
and we're gonna show you how hard we own
this
yeah they should have just did what seth
macfarlane did and swap a couple of
words the fan film sure but then they
couldn't call it a Star Trek fan film
because that's what pays the bills yeah
well the funny thing is that was a fan X
and R was a fan film and the producers
of Discovery are clearly not Star Trek
fans
first I want and charge my Star Trek
show somebody who absolutely hates the
very concept of Star Trek you know
what's always bothered me about Star
Trek well let's fix this shitty show
it's that star - it's so gay I'm gonna
do it right
war tagging is could get into a sword
fight with the bad guy
but water-rich did you know there is a
war happening
mad prices Star Trek is about killing
gross aliens and banging green chicks
you fuckin are you know you know what is
the biggest myth ever the biggest pop
culture myth Kirk was never a womanizer
absolutely never
I mean put you understand
wait they occasionally gave him love
interest in episodes but that was cheesy
60s writing technically curtain didn't
womanize he just fell in love 12 times
throughout the three seasons of the show
haha I don't know I don't know I've
never heard of that Kirk who was a
womanizer
that's what people think no no because
you got that comedy is no Bing and green
chicks which never happened it's not a
right but that's not being a womanizer
people accuse him of being with a lot of
alien ladies okay which i think is fair
that's a fit that's a valid point Kirk
was with a fair share of alien ladies
really but really that was kind of
douche dick
Herc was not really a playoff a player
mm-hmm I mean how many though like and
not obviously he was he was enough of a
player where it became a thing yeah he's
not a womanizer Gino suave says he's
just easy he just you know spreading
humanity that's all
that's all he's just you know doing his
part his job
rich doesn't get sarcasm look whether or
not that comment was sarcasm and not
plenty of people do think think Kirk
just slept around constantly and had
one-night stands I mean that's why they
portrayed him that way in Star Trek 2009
right that's why they but that's the
character of Kirk Kirk kissed a lot of
ladies all right all right that's that's
a thing that's a thing that happened in
in the original Star Trek he kissed
himself a doozy of biddies no one's
denying the biddy Kissin
so you know get it from some where
everything comes from
wildlife industry says hey thanks for
playing spelunky I learned about the
game from your streams a long time ago
and it's been something my kid and I
have been into for over a year now
glad you enjoy
this never
just got updated gave to change this I
watched it
probably have to click on the ads yeah
whenever anyone punches
oh they stay they stay no they usually
just gotta pop oh no they went away
no they stay
where is our where's our chat site
methylate I mean what the fuck is going
on anonymous says I think you know I
think a lot of we kind of came into the
stream a little like man not a lot of
fun stuff to talk about right now an
anonymous says anonymous life's a piece
of shit that's how we're all feeling
anonymous when you look at it life's a
laugh and deaths a joke it's true you'll
see it's all a show keep them laughing
as you go just remember that the last
laugh is on you that from somebody's
from something that's definitely from
something you know what it's from and I
won't know it sounds vaguely Joker ish
it's based on content should be a little
joke yeah
I like it
Life of Brian okay okay that makes sense
it's still very Jewish
Dave reporter says hey guys
you have mentioned have we you have
mentioned
Anthony Q Mia on stream in the past I'm
aware of radio show with something else
something in Andy Amos and Andy now Opie
Opie and Anthony Oh
are you familiar with this network and
compound Mediacom
he loves rlm stuff I'm not sorry it's
something personal against him
it's nothing personal against them but
no I'm not I'm not I have no idea what
it is you speaker
in fact I don't know if I've even ever
like listened to any of his
again nothing personal I just don't
listen to a lot of radio
Jack and rich Don anyone on it well
technically he's from radio yeah we
don't know anyone from anything man you
don't know we don't know shit
we see this we don't know nothing
no no we're caught up oh well that's
great I think they realized we're
playing that weird goofy physics game
really reading tips so we got up we
should make you found some sort of
compass
I found a compass I'll fuck yeah I found
a compass I have a pickaxe I have a
jetpack and I have the eye of udjat
she's a real thing in the game rich and
I wish you would take it more seriously
it sounds like an alien name I would
have made up for gorilla interrupted hi
every job John
yes this is the eye of ujat
oh fuck off you giant spider I I was
pausing to to make a plan and the spider
killed me
it's pausing for just a moment to be
like okay here's what I can do here's
what I can do and the spider killed me I
want to get out of the mines tonight
like that's my only goal it's gonna
while since I played spelunky so I'm a
little rusty but at very least like to
get out of the mines this
what's your favorite Joker quote no I
don't really I don't really have any
memorized do you you ever memorized a
joker quote the Joker
joy the Joker is a character in right
accordingly mark Campbell's performance
of hamon Batman the Animated Series but
that is as far as I go with my love of
the Joker and whoever said that that's
gonna put you on a list you do that's
gonna put you right on a list you ever
dance with the devil by the pale
moonlight yeah I remember that one but
that certainly wouldn't make any kind of
favourites list if I had one that might
be one of the dummer Joker quotes in
fact doesn't doesn't Jack Nicholson in
the movie say like I just like that
sounded yeah like he like that quote
doesn't mean anything yeah probably some
of my favorite quotes would be from the
Nolan movie you know my mother always
said if you're good at something always
charge or never do it for free yeah yeah
like that's cute
that's a cute Joker line
and yet I remember that quote vividly
well it was a plot point never Jerry
that's slow-mo memory of the version
yeah you guys looking forward to seeing
how season 3 of ash vs. Evil Dead and
turns out I'll watch it when it's out
looking for I like I don't know what to
look forward to I really don't know much
about what they're going to do with the
season yeah and I actually don't know if
I am looking forward to it you know I
don't like I I don't know if I'll get a
Showtime subscription or stars or
whatever it is like just for that item
number if there's anything else on Starz
they're giving him a daughter but it's
not gonna be telling which gonna fit so
long I would have given her a reason to
stick around well that's right that's
what they were going to do oh yeah you
told me about that that makes me upset
that would have been great you know
stick with the characters we've known
and grown and low fuck it we're adding a
new actress reading a new actress our
numbers tell us that she has a great
replay value on YouTube clips you can't
on Kelly though yeah but it's a comedy
that just makes you Greek here nicely
probably funnier all right
Luke was macking on Leia before they her
brother and sister that's a thing thank
you can you just make a joke about it in
the show right I was gonna say with ash
it works even better he'd hit on his own
daughter
that's so ash
paedon kendo says other aspects of the
Mad Max game that you like more than the
Batman Arkham series absolutely not
which game does their source material
the most justice like by I don't know
the an insane amount of distance between
them the the clearer and obvious answer
to that is the Arkham games which game
is more fun overall the Batman Arkham
games okay I've enjoyed the Mad Max game
I gotta admit though if it didn't have
the Mad Max branding yeah that that
would take away a chunk of it sometimes
that's important yeah yeah it's really
important you know what I was thinking I
can admit that you know what I was
thinking about that with recently is I
downloaded some I was playing some some
fighting games
they were
oh that's up the rivals of ether rivals
of aether
you guys know what I'm talking about in
chat rich wouldn't know the the rivals
of aether and brawl holonomic brawlhalla
what's what's the new one it just came
to the switch and it has like a frog on
the cover brawl does anyone know what
I'm talking about no no one knows what
I'm talking about yes I just sacrificed
the dog it's a dog there's a dog and I
had enough I had enough hearts and I
wanted to get a treat Battletoads brawl
holla yes they're both Smash Brothers
clones okay so they play exactly the
same as Super Smash Brothers but they
own they each have their own unique
characters and actually the only reason
I wanted brawlhalla is because uh
the Marriot the the wrestler from
guacamelee is a playable character and i
was like yeah i want to play a fighting
game with him that'd be fun and both
mechanic wise play really nice like
they're very smooth fighters good
controls but it's not curvy beating the
shit out of Mario so I just don't kind
of care you know like that level of
familiarity with the characters adds a
whole lot to a property you didn't play
that much of the argument you somebody
in the chat sang it the same would be
true for the Arkham games and I'm gonna
say no I'm gonna say those would be good
games regardless I mean they're they're
clearly written from the ground up to be
Batman experience spud
right
you you could make them just generic
characters changed a little bit around
here and there are story wise I still I
still say the Arkham games would be fun
games you know I've apparently I'm close
to the end of asylum yeah I cuz I'm at
the ivy yeah stage and uh according to I
haven't finished it huh I thought you
just stopped I played it a little on
stream afterwards okay I have no I don't
really like care to finish it like I and
that's not true I kind of want to finish
it but you know there's usually other
stuff to play yeah
there's always stuff to play
mother fucker is fuckin
so anyway you near the IV section and
and I've heard that that is near via
yeah so would it make and you know I
haven't played Arkham City but I play
dark of night and you know as everybody
knows City has a considerably better or
open world when it comes to improving
the gameplay and improving the game
experience yeah City is is the tits
story-wise it's a little bit more
muddled okay it loses it loses its focus
about a quarter of the way through and
in this story that isn't supposed to be
about the Joker you spend an awful lot
of time on this Joker side quest gotcha
gotcha hmm yeah maybe we'll give that a
shot I like the game I like the
mechanics I like the I like the fightin
yeah I like the detectiving some of the
detectiving some of the detective
anything but Arkham City is 400 damn
little row fees
all of them are optional that's only a
problem if you want to be a
completionist and I will admit yeah it's
an obnoxious number of little trophies
and great
mr. freeze fright is worth the purchase
alone at my face oh yeah there's a
wonderful stealth boss fight and in city
cool visit there's a stealth battle with
mr. freeze but the gimmick is see mr.
freeze learners so if you like you do
the the takedown where you pop through
the vent then mr. freeze freezes all the
vents so you can't you can't do the same
type of stuff
takedown twice see you have to mix it up
nice it's the best moment the fucking
game
yeah yeah Arkham City does also make the
penguin interesting oh that's a rare
feat yeah it's possibly the best take on
the penguin really yeah it is a rare
feat
Danny DeVito penguin best I use a little
bit too much of a monster
you're 14 you are
you know the secret shop is around here
somewhere but I couldn't find the secret
shop I couldn't find it he was there I'm
sorry jack I got out sorry but I wanted
that secret shop no black market for me
I know and I was close I was close to
fifty thousand I could have gotten the
thing and we could have gone on a little
adventure I underestimated that your
spelunky skills and I said you were
fucked I'm pretty good no better I'm
pretty good at that you're a spelunky
bet I had to use both of my ropes yeah
it's gonna take it's gonna take a lot
more than just a little ghosts
my Master's moral question if you
suddenly gain the superpower of turning
yourself invisible for as long as you
want
would you tell anyone there's a 50%
chance I'm asking me because I'm
standing right behind you yeah you know
you're awful thin we're by a wall yeah
you know unless you're in that corner
yes that's the side of us yeah
oh no I would not tell how you do with
the power of visibility what do you do
with that become the world's greatest
private detective you could find out
anything you want it you wanted to know
right yeah and so could you
huh could you okay we still have to get
into the computer system to hack it Jack
you'd be better off being the world's
best hacker if you want to be the
world's best private detective
okay it's not hacking shit okay here's
my here's here's the important probably
real private detector yeah the the
ability to turn invisible what's what's
the closed situation
let's make it as convenient for you as
possible you can wear whatever the fuck
you want okay here the court the
question is could I hide a camera within
the invisibility okay okay that's what
you're saying the camera okay the camera
won't work while you're invisible
what I like it because the lights the
light is gonna go through the camera you
know you're not hit the lens properly
I'm not hit my lens properly you're
asking your eyes shouldn't work either
but we're gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna hand
wave that magic or what about you no
that's fair I like it rich I like those
are those are some good stipulations I
can get behind that oh shit how do I do
the ghost get here women women's locker
room look we live in an era where the
Internet is the thing you don't need to
sneak into a woman's locker room to see
boobies there there are ladies on the
internet that posts naked pictures of
themselves just for fun hey this is
crazy time we're living in here's my
boobies like you don't need locker rooms
anymore no you know the women are doing
in the locker room what putting on their
clothes as unsexual E as possible right
there there are there are actresses out
there who specialize in turning you on
friend and you want you wanted like like
some ladies being like man I got a weird
rash down here you want to see my rash
yeah I'm gonna say the women's locker
room would be the most the biggest
letdown of all time oh my god yes the
woman's locker room as and like as a kid
I'm with you when I was a teenager that
was all I thought about but as an adults
you just know like it's just a bunch of
people going like no one's starting a
makeout party woman's like right right
but so what what my thought is
invisibility was
here's here's my here's my here's how I
could use this to my advantage
yeah I could obtain damning footage of
people talking when they don't think
anyone's around okay for ya blackmail
purposes or or just straight-up
detective work or it's like could you
just straight up do this by just heading
microphones cuz they'll see you man
right leg or well you kind of have to be
quiet - yeah you'd have to be quiet
how does invisibility affect your
Sativex sound it shouldn't I guess it
shouldn't yeah but like you know let's
say let's say you're it let's say
there's an office building right I'm
like oh I go we got a we got to get the
the president of the bank because he's
embezzling money but we need proof we
need proof that he's embezzling money
and so like you know sneak in there cuz
I'm all invisible put some cameras I
don't know it was above spitballing here
rich I'm spitballing homeless is going
to do is just make it easier to install
the cameras that's all it's going to do
for you yeah it's not like all right as
you know you're invisible you walk into
the bank manager's office it's not like
at that perfect moment that you walk in
he's gonna start talking about his
embezzling to somebody right you're
gonna be sitting around for days yeah
yeah when we pick up some laundry I put
this wagon home oh yeah drop it off hang
up
oh that's gonna be most of but I think
that's most detective work be so fucking
boring to be the Invisible Man
detective incredibly boring what else do
you do with things visible
in fact it would be a great Saturday
Night Live sketch the detective walk you
know walks in the mirror goes finally
I'm gonna catch this cheating husband
and then it's just like five minutes of
the husband doing really mundane things
while the invisible guys nothing yeah I
guess here's here's what I'm saying what
else do you do with invisibility powers
besides sneaking around and how can you
properly monetize sneaking around
what's your what's your plan I don't I
don't have one okay I'm not I'm not I'm
not sure it's the best power to have oh
it's not just the power you have okay if
I no means the best power it's just it's
you know it's what we got you know it's
what we're stuck with and they want to
know if you would tell anyone if you
would keep it secret of course keep it
secret got ahold got ahold of thought
you got hold that shit close to the
chest you know standard superhero rules
protecting those around you protecting
your own identity yeah yeah pretty
standard but yeah right wait wait wait
okay now if you're invisible take a shit
is the shit invisible because you just
you just go into the office of someone
you don't like and you take an invisible
shit on their desk and they'll never be
able to get rid of it I know this
constantly be wondering what that smell
is
guys seriously what is that smell why
does my office smell like shit like all
the time guys it's like all the time it
just smells like shit
that's pretty good I like that
rub it all over someone's clothes
right
you can follow your nose to find the
source of the invisible stench yeah but
if it's like smeared all over and you
can't see it it's just gonna be warmly
confusing gear right I like that I like
the invisible stench your spirit and a
fairly inaccessible spot they're never
gonna think to clean their like yeah
like just to smear some shit in like
Viet Lee the corner of the room if it's
invisible they'll never know it's fair
that's that's totally fair I don't know
like the question is you know if you're
invisible if you're powered like you're
not super strong you're not super fast
the only power is you you turn yeah
invisible yeah how can you profit from
this that's what I want to know I don't
know and so for me it's like well you
profit by being sneaky mm-hmm and you
know yeah you be you be a source for an
investigative journalists we're like we
need evidence for the story I'm right
now give you a big cash all right okay I
can do that you sell you sell your your
dirty footage to TMZ or whatever like
yeah oh look at the dirty footage a gun
right even you can find yourself a
partner and just be a horrible
fraudulent medium whoo levitate the
table with the power of the spirits I
like it now I can levitate that back is
you back to it okay
the vase is floating around the room
someone's really angry with you
yeah
c'mere lady
there we go there we going lady you
goody two-shoes are not thinking like a
supervillain you're presuming I want to
break long right
and you know the way the way banks
handle their money there's just like
there's not a lot of good ways to steal
cash you know you still leave behind DNA
evidence you don't know yeah right like
where there's a lot of work but even
assuming you could steal cash like
eventually you'd hit a point where you
wouldn't want to like be the guy who
only has cash and pays for his rent in
cash like they'll find you there's
there's trails man you could impregnate
someone and claim it's a virgin birth so
you get the power invisibility and your
first thought is you rape someone no and
and you think they're not gonna feel
that come on man maybe that person
which is calling you out for a tiny dick
I don't know - the thing you need to go
to do we change the game and machete
yeah okay yeah someone's saying this
doesn't look like you and falls flat
refresh your page we played it for three
hours yes it was white photos fine fun
little game fun little game chat was
getting bored
we weren't talking very much I had had
enough at that point but matter now I
hate this game way just enough I've been
playing enough money to bring us yeah
he's done them I started doing this and
I think that's fine so yeah I'm
basically like to wrap up in powers of
invisibility talk I think that the best
way to profit is blackmailing people
okay is using your powers to blackmail
fees so is there any good way to you are
here's a question is there any good way
to use invisibility profitable reason
for way that isn't a breaking ball
what do you can you prop it off of your
invisibility without breaking the wall
Breaking and Entering spying on people
blackmailing people oh sure I guess
private detective but you're still
breaking in that yeah that's kind of a
legal grave yeah sure ah that's a fair
question or is the very essence of
invisibility one you know one that kind
of invites that kind of uh via
government agent they take a look at
using can you hack things I could turn
invisible no to see me coming you just
hack their computers though and that's
really that's really what we need to do
but do you like they speak the languages
do you speak Iranian or Russian or like
what what good are you to us I can't
turn invisible we need more than that
three years Spanish minimum magician's
assistant so you can use your special
power to do something that stage
magicians already know how to do through
sleight of hand that's it that's the
best you can do I'll be your assistant I
can make myself disappear
and then magicians go there like I do
that every night and like I spent all
this money on the special cabinet I mean
it's kind of a waste you want me to get
rid of the cabinet I don't understand
what you're saying because I have a
cabin got all the smoke I got all these
mirrors and I know how to use them
correctly yeah there just might not be a
lot of opportunities for your invisible
hero really just invisible person you
know trying to make trying to make a
living maybe maybe that's why invisible
invisible hero people go to life's of
crime so often
that was dumb I don't like the spring
shoes Tiberius Kirk it throws him a jump
off the spring shoes throw my jump off
and I don't like see that's what I'm
saying dis T I'm saying you're looking
to be a journalist or some sort of
private detective where you can use your
invisibility powers a moral gray area to
eavesdrop on people and you can get some
people to say stuff in your presence
that they normally wouldn't and that
would be you know hugely beneficial to
your career of course
morally great legally grey
but you could you could know a lot of
things if you were invisible and in the
right place to hear the thing right
theoretically
so I don't know that's that's to me
that's my that's my oh man that's my
only place to go with it but hey but hey
some jewels
anima Sons hey dude bro hey bro dude in
3.5 hours yep
Dragonball fighter Z beta is back for 24
hours staying up for that who will be
your Dragon Ball fighter man Goku Vegeta
probably for China
we met in resumable pool no I'm not
staying up for that
good that must see
anything not machine dog
gosh dang it but hey if that's if that's
your thing
congratulations on you know finding the
thing I have a thing that you like
that's great
petal affects all the things that your
life
and shad says I was invisible yep I
would track down Neil Breen and pretend
I'm God telling him he's the chosen he
already thinks that you just be wasting
your time right if you like you just
told me that yeah I know we had this
conversation we had this conversation
for a change
beautiful I know God stop telling me I'm
trying to delivering a message to the to
your people like you told me to
it's harder than I thought god I'll do
my best
did you do Bill Murray's Groundhog Day
of you what I'm not sure in like what I
make the movie if I could I wouldn't
have to it already exists if you mean
what I want to go through that
experience and actuality will he'll know
have you seen the movie yeah it sounds
miserable I think a lot of people don't
get groundhogs day
yeah that he's basically in hell he's
basically in hell and and the the other
thing that that I always found really
beautiful about groundhogs they you know
he you know basically he only gets out
of the cycle after he uses his day to
its fullest yeah and what's really fun
or really funny to me is you know like
he has all this time and so he learns
how to like play piano and doom and do
do stuff which is like these are all
skills that any one of us could obtain
at any time
by doing the same thing you just go do
lessons every day that's it it's like
there's no extra there's no extra magic
with a with a Groundhog's Day situation
it's just he did the work you know I'm
so fucked
you could kill without consequences
would you really want to seriously
seriously
even if you know that at the time would
repeat would you would you feel good
about stabbing somebody in the chest I
mean right what kind of person is you
exactly
nice we got the black market we have the
black market oh and I got cash too
okay we got we got the makings if I can
find a damsel
or at this point I just say fuck it
because I'm so close
I feel like we found out a lot about you
viewers from this question right did
rich and I want to know all this by you
guys
fog that we're getting out of here Oh
your secret shop
yep I'm in the secret shop and I have
enough money to get the UNK well we're
gonna we're trying for we're trying to
beat the game for realsies okay so
here's the ankh which is a super weapon
which in playing the game normally just
grants us a bonus life which you never
ever get but when you're going for the
super secret ending you need to die on a
specific level don't have any hearts and
I don't have any good equipment and I
don't have any money all right
buy any good equipment so basically I'm
almost hoping for death at this point
because then I get more hearts but we're
gonna we're going for secrets here we're
going
the best I can hope for is some secrets
yeah what if what if that movie just
went on a little bit longer and it
turned out that day was repeating the
second day second day then starts
repeating for a thousand years and his
entire life was gonna be like that just
every day as a thousand every day every
thousand years he gets to he gets to go
ahead one day oh my god that would be so
depressing especially after he starts
feeling like it all cancer pain he's
just an old man and he had a
particularly bad day
on the cancer meds huh yeah that'll
fucker right there
bridges a man yes I am yeah figure do
you knew that about right
please this ABS this guy my my new
friend yeah
in the game you unlock characters and
now he's a helper okay
and so helpers aren't actually very
helpful in the game maybe he'll go
around and and like kill guys for me or
like pick up treasure for me like
usually they end up doing stuff you
don't want them to do yeah but he's also
just said like a new character we unlock
so okay you know all the shit unlocked
for this game let's uh this is yours oh
that makes sense so I'm just going
around but like yeah help me a helper
heat and he might be helping he might
help at some point but
mostly the helpers do not see you look
you just died on a spike back that's how
much to help yourself
they die in spite this this seemed
completely useless yeah they kind of are
why would you ever want one
I usually don't they're there but just
getting doing not terrible
and officially calling this not terrible
know that the only other way to get help
of the met buying it
yeah you can you can there's a little
like prostitution damsel shops every
once in awhile that will sell you kisses
for hurts how many hearts are you
comfortable
what's a good number of nice for for is
good like anything that'll protect you
from a fall or an arrow like yeah
anything over to I am I'm hugely pretty
comfortable with just because so the
camp like Super Mario Brothers she do
the slow fall yeah cute cute yes
very very helpful well that pre lives
now yeah for lives how long would it
take you to try one more
oh well you know we'll just see how far
we can get on this one still okay like
this run is in loss I do we just won't
get the secrets now you know which is a
chance to find another Punk no
unfortunately get in the door
unfortunately Matt oh and we were right
there too if the if the if the the
secret thing is right in this first area
I'm gonna be so pissed if I was like one
door away
thank you for just died of something
else anyway you had one heart Oh exactly
I know it was a it was a pipe dream to
begin with
you guys are forced to go for the
groundhog day got to pick the day you
have any particular choice did you
realize no matter what day you pick
eventually it's going to be utter human
misery no matter what game you pick or
what day you pick right Oh even if it's
the most magical day mm-hmm
you know I had a pretty decent wedding
day we had a great time but every day
yeah if that's every day at some point
you'd have to start calling off your
wedding at this time just to have a
moment's fucking peace your mornings for
years would start off with calling Lisa
and having her cry on the other end of
the phone just because I couldn't take
it you couldn't take the constant
weddings the point is no matter what no
matter what every day like you know like
the one day that you just spent all day
like you know reading books at the beach
oh what a calm and great day but you
know what well if there's no more books
on that island and that's the groundhogs
day and you run out of books now swim at
the beach you the moral of groundhogs
days you've run out of shit to do
I mean if I did have to choose a day it
might be my wedding day though like that
was a very nice day you know it was good
time it that almost ended disastrously
that was a nice day my wedding
he spent vo spent the the morning really
relaxed with my groomsmen we've got a
nice brunch it'd be hell it'd be held
for a girl to do their wedding day over
and over and over again because there's
a lot of work involved a lot of to do in
don't need money
at the same time I could have that well
I think of an edge of tomorrow oh I
really liked edge of tomorrow that was
good that was a Tom Cruise kind of
Groundhog Day action movie yeah that was
a lot of fun that was like shockingly a
really solid movie oh here it is see
that thing
this is the level so for those those who
are paying attention one and all those
foreign key secrets if you have the ankh
with you and died on this level you you
resurrect inside this guy's head and
that's what takes you to the secret
levels so I wasn't right there I wasn't
that that's how you get the true ending
that's how you get the true end oh
there's the plot of this game is
officially the groundhog day isn't it of
this day those game no that's true that
is actually very true you keep you keep
well you know it's Groundhog's Day but
then every day is a little different
it's a little Groundhog Day
who aliens all right we can deal with
some areas
this is stage lead how many regular
stadium for how many secret stages over
several there's and there's alternate
stages too so you know there's there's
the shop there's the worm
there's the alien stage there's the city
of gold there's hell and neither of
these cover the two boss battles which I
need to actually start thinking about
the boss battles have a what is this
game
cuz he made the game he wanted to make
right off the benches been made actually
this game is kind of the sequel I've
heard this this is you know cuz this is
uh this is basically an HD remake of a
very popular freeware game this is an HD
remake of you know spelunky classic what
is known as blanca classic now that
derek you made with some people and
became really infamous on the freeware
market and as soon as what was a braid
as soon as braid went really big xbox in
the Xbox 360 indie market was looking
for more shit they needed another game
and and so he started working on this
all right temple like I have no idea
what that is
down there in the lava what is that
I've never seen that before you've never
seen that before
it's been a while since I played
see if we gonna freakin like figure out
what that is what is that operator for
grass operator can you can you throw the
grasshoppers that will definitely work
yes you can progress out can you do the
Mario Cape spin and stun the grasshopper
not taking our gold heads no there's too
much shit happening and I just got a
move at this point there's just too much
shit happening
you just have to be concerned with
yeah hmm and I have no bombs
in the prayers it clearly does that mean
what does that mean that made you here
the present version please I'd say that
was fairly okay so like see that thing
yeah that little golden door is the door
to the Golden City which is you know the
thing you need part of part of the thing
you need to get into hell but but if you
go in the ox head thing how do you get
back yeah we have bigger problems to the
others right now we have a murder
we have a murder ball or a murder cube
situation thank you that just saved
their ass right there that just saved
our ass rich we might beat the game we
might be the game now good good you know
they either the easy beats not not the
full beats not not the not to super be
the mummy the mummy is the problem what
is the problem can you blow up I can
blow up the mummy but I can also just
ignore the mummy
I'm a freak
what what
what I don't know what happened I wasn't
paying attention
god damn it I wasn't paying attention
all right I got two hearts it'll be fine
it'll be fine it'll be fine
I'm panicking I am I'm a hundred percent
panicking all right is this it this
might be Olmec this is this is Olmec any
movie made after 2010 you think you
remembered 30 years from now as a
classic
I answered everything fair and
correcting today
get up there
really use like a climbing blow
Jetpack right about now jetpack would
sure be nice
village but some helpful at home at the
Cape and that's ok bombs are good
you stay over there what I didn't need
that I didn't need that here's the super
cheater way to defeat Olmec I hope I
have enough bombs he's over there he
doesn't seem he only moves towards you
when when you're close
just make you make your own path from ik
so normally what you do is you have to
wait until like he gets ya over you and
smashes down but if you have enough
bombs make your own path and then make
them fall in the hole is that easy it
ain't easy being cheesy Oh Chester
Oh Chester
did you fuck yourself no I did not
okay
a few light enough
okay whoa whoa I almost fucked myself to
death yeah
there we go cheese and motherfucker but
I beat him but I beat him that's that's
the way you cheese only you get enough
bombs I don't forget I made it through
the fucking t-shirt sure I made it I'm
not faulting you
I didn't
perfectly reasonable way to win I think
so
I think it's a perfectly reasonable way
to win I mean if you have the bombs you
want upstream before I don't know
actually
okay I don't know congratulations thank
you thank you everybody
little Jack pattern you know not migrate
that just shows you by the way how many
hours I have into this game where I
could just pick it up at any point just
go I just make it like I forget a lot
there's a lot of intricacies that I
forget but yeah we can just make it no
uh no jetpack no climbing gloves I think
Derek I think Derek is working on a new
game now anyone who loves this game make
sure you you read the the book the
making of spelunky I think it's just
called spelunky written actually by
Derek you it's a fantastic book on where
all of his where he got all of his ideas
for the game all of his references like
basically his entire creative process in
playings below me is in the book that he
wrote about it's like it's great okay
watch all the things
rich enjoyed that perfectly acceptable
cheese sandwich good job jack
are you talking about my my spinning the
Dead Rising boss today a win is a win a
win is a win over France over the
Maelstrom the music
you've overly overly mastered them is it
getting to the point where you can no
longer enjoy it but the timer is no
longer no problem
sure I've I've got I've got to good
around through the game now there's one
spot right where I kind of cut it close
for a case file but other than that well
so does that diminish your enjoyment
area like why is the finally was like a
puzzle for fun just figuring that right
fun was figuring out how to do all the
things right so but you everything I
solved the puzzle just don't look at
puzzle yeah right and you still have
your things that gonna join in the game
you want yeah that's all about Jack want
some wine with all that cheese I'll take
it
that's the wind but but remember like
when you play spelunky that right there
that's just a start like that you're
just putting a tiny crack in the egg
like me blossoms into a flower it's not
a chicken at all yeah I got you I like I
remember the first time I beats bowling
with you and then just like finding out
that there's so much more like what
about that one thing in that one area
hole is that all about and just um
unwrapping each layer of it maybe I you
know there's an achievement for if you
beat spelunky in under ten minutes and
then just telling myself there's no
fucking way I can beat this game
do it boom getting over a million
dollars while you after you know while
you beat the game there's no way you can
do that then you do it
Yeah right fucking great turn record
alright so this is the portion of the
stream where we read the name of the
people who have subscribed during the
stream during the stream absolutely much
like man slew who says witness me
witness me man slew three months
mediocre referencing game
Babji
uh Mick cosmic for 30 fucking months in
a row who says the big three oh this is
more exciting than my 30th birthday was
uh-huh just kidding I was imperative
Porto Rico drinking rum for my set Luda
Jimmy lays for 12 months in a row
emblematic pop John Elway's tea for 12
months in a roses I made it do it you
did it
bill la hecka for 43 motherfucking
months in a row and bill says I was
trying to figure out what has been the
best thing that I witnessed on this
channel since subbing 43 months ago and
I'm coming up blank maybe next month
something will be amazing
until then she thanks Bill and
sympathetic first 16 months in a row
says I didn't think what happened thanks
to your streams
I gave pub G a try rising Li I'm
enjoying it killcam keep it keeps things
from feeling cheap it does its best
change they made absolutely but I love
the repo crazy to see how close I figure
we'll come to death over and over
thanks yeah you know
it's not bad just need to make sure if
you're starting to feel like high blood
pressure getting a little stressed
because you keep losing over and over
again
take a breather to go take a break small
doses and only co-op with people I know
mochi b85 for forty three motherfucking
months in a row
mochi says hey Wreckers I pay six
dollars and thirty cents
AUD said Australian Suman I'm not sure
Australian dollar I don't know what do
they have down there like didgeridoo did
you reduce yes that's a no that's one
australian didgeridoo per month and all
I get is hours of entertaining streams
with you hack frogs the dollar missed an
Australian one o true Zee News says it's
but a good ten months this might be my
last month subscribing this month I'm
really enjoying the dual streams very
cool Rana hey thanks for sticking around
as long as you dis prime well was death
John 4:14 boxing friendly ayyy uncle of
Lies for 13 months in a row who says
Italian trash masterpiece you're the
hunter from the future is now on blu-ray
with a hilarious commentary from star
rabbit brown okay I need that who gives
no fucks what a wondrous age in which we
live
viva la prevail they know that might be
worth I'm not that big a fan of
just hear the star who doesn't give a
fuck Oh what the hell was I doing
yeah yeah what the fuck was look at the
dinosaur that's got something doing
that's got value absolutely kill Ron
2070 says love you guys jack
yep Stephen Fry for audiobooks Harry
Potter British edition Hitchhiker's
Guide or Tom Baker Doctor Who and the
giant robot Oh wrench
free free free space - don't make me buy
it on GOG for you I sell that it was
after I got done with my audio book of
long dark teatime of the soul yeah the
very next recommended one was
Hitchhiker's Guide as read by Stephen
Fry and I said to myself I don't know if
there is a Douglas atom of hitchhiker
really yeah huh
I at least I didn't see one while
casually browsing there might be was it
Stephen Fry the guide in the movie
Danita the voice over there no problem
yeah yeah oh wait no who's the guy the
small robot no the book that narrated
parts of the book movie oh I don't
remember okay they had passages from the
book those animated sequences oh I think
that was deep-fried record yeah that
could be
I think it's yours do rio the free space
to think
now the next the next gaining mountain a
little time
oh yeah okay that's what I'm doing them
a tweet Dom sorry
this free space can wait bruiser rink
for 16 months I'm gonna play Dead Rising
2 after I mastered Dead Rising 1 yeah
and then I'm gonna feel sad and I'm
gonna play through Dead Rising 3 and
then I'm just gonna feel suicidal as I
play dead rising for which I might not
even I'm ight not go that far
I'm not that much yeah gonzo the great
monster frak hogs it oh wow sorry shed
for twenty three fucking months in a row
and his chin I said it wrong at SRI chef
that's a tree we got over that I'm like
a year ago honestly I just forgot right
let's hope y'all are doing well dropped
in to finally collect my motherfucking
you know you got it
Sagan one two - OH
what
dukey rampage says thanks for the laughs
I remember to give you guys my Amazon
money welcome take some magic out say
get one to 204 36 motherfucking months
in a row
it's working on
right
Troutman k so you went back up it'll be
six and it threw me off
Kate katiesue Dame that's what I was
hate is go Dane I think I think it's
Katy sous-vide and it could be it to
Capitals are very important cause it's
just katiesue being one thing that is I
don't know spree names a weird man
it's true turn smuggler 44 says I just
renewed my annual Prime subscription so
let's pretend all that money went to you
keep it up I'm pretending worse brunt
Darth bill done
Darth Baras I heard barristers says what
has been your favorite hanging out at
elegan for 41 motherfucking months
and telegram says dam has it been that
long I'm happy when when something you
know what my favorite part of prereq is
when something funny happens can I get
my head stuck in some Park that was
where that was a really silly me and
then it happens again like do you ever
do that when you're playing game by
yourself and something really silly
happens and you kind of like look around
like huh everybody see that no no no one
saw that cuz I'm alone but then when it
happens here we can have a good laugh I
had some particularly amusing rag doll
for fella over in a doorway it is they
got a right angle just his corpse right
yeah he's the guy what a silly little
thing yeah too bad I can't share what's
that one but now we can which was that
that was that was a great question
telegin does tell you okay son of Jana
says Wow four months thanks Internet
uncle's making working 12 hours today
bearable
I'll take it I'm a granddad
well yeah it's either uncle or grandpa
at this point so I'll take Brenda Myers
crazy Elvis subsonic Bell who says
what's your favorite sporting events to
see in person lol fuck my cock black ski
bros what's your favorite sporting event
to see in person Oh baseball and I don't
care for anything well I like we see
baseball little minor league game good
seats cheap
sorry what do you say I just read the
next one in fifth Blonsky bros school
who fee boo mic gum obese Maurice
Maurice death for that obese Maurice
Zant's for 15 months in a row Suzette's
exams Zant's l journey dumb since thanks
jacket richer for another month of
extremes Decepticon
machine gun funk for 21 fucking months
in a row flanders ball burners father's
help became before the a flanders is
like a taken flanders it's an accurate
statement yes
5:30 skeptic this is Jack glad you're
giving pub G a second chance
keep at it you're visibly improved this
dumbass for 13 months in a row great
stream guys and then you got this
dumbass over here vx 1 3 5 for 19 months
ago judge Marcus hurlin Burlin deflator
Mouse Burton briefer K who says so do
you all read these for realsies snow
Mick nubbins 182 hey guys thanks for all
the great conversations and gaming I
guess so anyway I played a game today
called our mellow turn-based with cards
and luck / spice elements felt like
something you guys would like the stream
PS lol f MC you know actually I bought
armed lol a long time yeah because yeah
it's it's like a board game some
strategy elements but else is an actual
board game it's kind of like 40 but it's
it's a video okay it's a video game but
it basically plays like a board game and
I got into it a little bit enough to
know that it would actually make for a
really terrible screen
because of the amount of focus that it
takes to
but I you know I know k with it I'm cold
kulikov who says half a year of double
fun thanks for everything
big G twelve hundred thousand oh my god
is he more big G twelve thousand mister
pulling kit who says do I have to
manually reset with Amazon Prime with an
Amazon Prime subscription why mr.
Plunkett that's a great question every
month you do have to manually reset with
your Amazon Prime subscription and with
your Amazon Prime you get one free
switch subscription every month so it
doesn't have to be us but you know if
we're the one you watch it doesn't cost
you anything extra
she takes her cut she takes her cut she
doesn't ask any questions
Manor gave pony - Dax for 36
that one was kind of a dud to Dax for
the fucking months in a row oh and the
excess the last three years have been
something else some terrible days and
some great ones and you two have kept me
sane through it all thanks Ike
is it really awful that I love this
mannequin
yes I love the smell of like it's like
that burnt gunpowder smell and I love it
I love the smell Cameron a.m. - 24 count
Darrow
Mele it's Ruben Rabanne tough max and
monk eponymous thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it
it's true we really do
