Episode 939
Rich Tackles DR2 (part 1)
January 22, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wlq6qfdlUS8
___________________________________________

how are you doing we're early were early
we're early everybody we're 10 to 15
minutes early
shit happens which you know for many
people that's considered on time yeah
you know like if you if you are a
studious and upstanding person the time
you are supposed to be there if you show
up then you're late you're supposed to
be there 10 to 15 minutes beforehand so
then the time when you're supposed to be
there then you're brave go yeah at that
time and you know I'm never I'm
constantly late I used to be on time a
lot so so tell us all about your
horrible day Oh horrible you walk in I'm
tired bad dance tell everyone about your
horrible day I didn't say too bad that I
said I'm I'm feeling I'm feeling a
little slow feeling a little tired today
so yesterday I went I was in Madison
with my brother and my good friend Tim
Higgins and we went to the isthmus beer
and cheese festival over in Madison by
the way did we shall have a Tim Higgins
emote we of course we still okay of
course we still have Tim Tim though now
in full luxurious beard like a beard
that could rival Josh's huh
looking looking slick as hell last year
we went and we shot a video with them
with you know Tim and Nick being the
past me a beer guys this is mustache
table the curl or is that oh now it's
all beard it's just all integrated it's
all integrated he could still curl it if
he wanted but it's just all integrated
and so they had us out last year to
shoot a video with the hip pass me a
beer guys and this year they just
invited us back to say hey you you want
to just come and hang out and we'll give
you some free tickets we'll hook you up
with a hotel room just come and hang out
all the vendors loved having you around
there Nick and Tim are like celebrities
in the beer market people in the beer
world love the hey passed me and be your
videos right and so you know sure so you
know we clear the day and it's like hey
this is this is what we're doing and so
just all day rich I had to drink to
licious beer from vent from hundreds of
vendors across across America a lot of
local stuff that I haven't had yet I had
to drink it all and it's not just a beer
fests rich it's a beer and cheese sorry
and there was so much delicious cheese
rich I actually spent a little too much
money I bought a little too much cheese
I think it was so you spent too much and
cheese but not too much I'm doing well
the beer is all free all free well and
you get free samples of all the cheese
but then you could also read them by
abraca jeez I mean of course he's
drinking all day everything's good to
choose is so delicious and you want a
black Jean and it was great and we know
we had a great time but I needed to be
back here very early this morning and
after and after a day of just nothing
but beer and cheese then you have to
wake up very early to drive back so I'm
feeling I'm just a little slow but I had
a fantastic behave ok had a fantastic
day met some met some fans of ours one
of whom was a beer vendor there
yeah I stuck around there a little long
and I get a couple of tastes couple
tastes of their beer free anyway
apparently so no it's great well you
better yeah hang out you hang out it was
great it was it was a lot of fun
I brought some video stuff anyway just
to a couple a couple toys that I got
recently just to try some stuff out
give chainsaws on the side of your
motorcycle this is like the dad rock of
video games so you mean it's not
terrible of your music okay
but I want a lot more confirmation from
the chat though I guess first yeah are
we are we is this actually before I
start fucking with things based on one
person should return rehabs line turn
rich and I I got I got two people saying
it's fine okay three people saying it's
five seems okay
[Applause]
and now it's time for America's most
dangerous danger
error is reality that's a zombie killing
game show is still a man it's minor plot
point episode she's born that they did
turn another second dressed uprising
game and the second Dead Rising game I
just think like and the third is the
third vested yes I think like you can't
include the word terror when you have a
motorcycle with chain cells on that's
not necessarily terrified okay with the
BMX bikes
well the multiplayer mode is different
sometimes you're shoving the
degeneracies
that's fun
that's best zombie game best zombie game
is Dead Rising one in Dead Rising one
has the Romero vibe down fuckin pack a
little bit silly a little bit creepy
smiled social commentary mixed in where
there's an emphasis on on leadership
skills Dead Rising one is the ultimate
Romero game I think that's a that's a
that's a fair take I've always been
preferential just because that's what I
have my time in 2 to the left 4 dead
series I've always liked the lack of in
series I'm not saying left 4 Dead's bad
or anything I'm just saying if you want
to distill the essence of what
specifically the the the Romero Night of
the Living Dead a in the dead what those
movies were and what they cared about
and what they were about its Dead Rising
1
damn you won by a long shot I know I did
I know I did
it's like I've played this before
[Laughter]
[Music]
shitting screaming that the view is
barely available at races are you
talking about a different thing or what
that was what I have not seen I Tania
Jack Tripper Joyce I wanted to and that
when we were when we were down on
vacation as I talked about sometimes my
my cousin the director brings some
screeners with him but I Tania was the
hot ticket that was the one everyone
wanted so I didn't get a chance to watch
that while I was down chap Telltale's
The Walking Dead I I'm not even
convinced that qualifies as a game
that's that's an interactive story which
may or may not be your thing I don't
want to I don't want to get into that
debate right now right what constitutes
as a game but you want to talk about
George Romero and people and people
being able to work together and not
working together efficiently and then
those kind of group dynamics you had
yeah in the the day of dead neither
Living Dead that's the escort missions
in Dead Rising they translated that shit
into gameplay not the storytelling they
translated it into gameplay alright I'm
saying no one I think that's fair I
think I think that's fair that's what
that's what I've always liked about the
left 4 dead series is balancing that
because it's multiplayer you have to
balance taking care of yourself and
taking care of your teammates yeah
and so yeah it has a similar vibe you
know the group the group is stronger is
this a zombie rights activist group dead
rising is a Schlacht version of that
though play the first game the first
game is not that schlocky
compared to the third when they're just
like fuck it we're doing something
stupid especially the fourth one they
didn't care at all and didn't even they
like they weren't even familiar with the
first two games they made the fourth he
had a towel on I was wondering what that
guy was wearing his pants it was a towel
it was a towel everything's fine
be cool about fire safety has a tip for
us and says hey guys you absolutely need
to play troll and I it's a best of the
worst level so bad it's good game that
is played in co-op it could make a
hilarious stream say hello to Mike and
Jay the troll and I okay we will look
into it in Dead Rising one you can Don a
serve but head and run around in daisy
dukes pretty schlocky you can you don't
have to it's an option I for even I
guess what what I will say in defense of
dead rising is schlock it has many
over-the-top elements to it okay we're
even like you know of course you don't
have to like wear the funny outfits you
can but even the writing of the villains
the the way your character interacts
with you know the hot justice lady or
whatever like it's schlock ingrained
that the the camera guy like the guy who
wants you to take pictures being way
over the top it has some schlock
ingrained in it I think and I'm not
saying is that a bad way oh no I'm not
saying that's a bad thing it's it's own
thing I'm saying they get away
luckier than the first one oh sure no
and I don't think the schlock discounts
what you what you are saying about group
dynamics and yeah the hysteria that's
caused by being overrun with zombies
yeah the true villains are the people
that can't handle the stress of the
situation that's that's the Night of the
Living Dead that's class that's the one
guy in the house who turns into a real
prick and lots of people out the enemy
within the pressure pressure and greed
those are the real villains - get it -
get it so I'm gonna say if you're a fan
of the Romero movies you might be more
inclined to like Dead Rising but other
zombie games sure you like 28 days later
maybe not so much yeah then you want to
look for them that's more that's more
fast-paced action it's fun game fine
game but just just fast obvious they
just don't they don't do it for me so it
wasn't it's intense man it's just
pressure pressure pressure pressure
pressure pressure it's at the except the
complete expense of the creepy yeah it's
I will say left for dead does get a
little creepier the more you play it you
know you kind of you find those moments
where like you are mowing down the
regular zombies with relative ease but
then you know like you hear that which
and you know the problems that the which
contribute it has the creep but yes it's
more it's more action-oriented I'll give
you that I feel about Dead Rising off -
off the record that was the version they
made a version of this game and a
non-canon version with tagging estroux
first game that of all nights Frank West
okay that's fine fun concept but it's
when they started turning Frank West
from his actual character into like the
joke version of him oh sure and it's fun
it's fun it's not supposed to be cannon
you get the original voice actor back
but he's the character is starting to
turn into a joker
gotcha yeah
I mean in first game he's really just a
do mm-hmm he's not full of witty
one-liners when when he kills like when
the psychopath dies he's mostly
horrified Oh like a normal human being
[Laughter]
clown falls on the chainsaw he doesn't
say you know I mean one that would be a
parable I'd be a terrible one-liner he
looks like he's about to throw up and
discussed it then somebody died in front
of him in such a horrible manner like
like a human being right right
what is the one-liner if a clown falls
on a chainsaw
that's a heaven well I could I get steel
what see this protagonist here
he's full of those dumb one-liners oh so
if I could steal aligned directly from
this game yeah
psychopath dies by falling out of song
no I saw what you did there
oh that's beds that's a protagonist
that's bed yeah yeah I guess this clown
had some teeth you know I saw what you
did there man should have given it a
little joke the Vietnam flashback guy is
one of the bosses in the first one he
dies was a sentimental moment and
Franco's and he closes his eyes oh it
doesn't say goofy dumb loiter got you
that time pal I guess Charlie got you in
the end yeah off the record Frank West
is starting to turn into that gotcha
gotcha
these zombies have glowing eyes
what a science pill clone that falls on
a chainsaw that now yeah now you're
working it twitch Evans 69 yeah just
credit for that one ooh he really the
bus did it good yeah off off the record
Frank West would have said that's a real
side-splitter yeah yeah that's good I
like that
what is Zombrex what is that that's the
medicine that keeps you from turning
into a zombie if you've been infected oh
okay it's a nice take you know if
they're gonna have the modern trend with
zombies is that it's some kind of
infection right you know used to be
unexplained now it's just a virus of
course it's a logical outgrowth from
that but you know maybe maybe you could
have a vaccination of some sort yeah
preventative that a pharmaceutical
company would be selling something to
keep you from turning into a zombie
yeah I like that being bitten by a
zombie in this in this game universe is
a lot like having herpes you gotta take
you gotta take medicine for the rest
your life it's always there sure well
that's that's Walking Dead Canon spoiler
alert for season 1 of The Walking Dead
which is very old at this point
but you know they have to figure out who
among the group is infected and so they
go to a lab and everyone has a tests
like Oh who's infected with the zombie
virus but the shocking twist is so just
everyone when you die I turn into zombie
everyone yeah shocking twist
don't worry oh it's for the kid nice I
like that that's that's that's us some
decent steaks we got here every in-game
day you need to find more of this
drawing yeah yeah that's an empty box he
didn't have time to buy more medicine I
like it I dig it and ask your doctor if
some bricks is right from you
side effects include constipation
diarrhea vomiting dry mouth
hallucinations thoughts of suicide
I got print ads up around here oh yeah
you know what you know what I'm gonna
criticize the story of this game real
quick oh yeah this is this is this game
takes place in universe where zombie
outbreaks are a thing that happens yeah
to the point where this city has an
emergency zombie shelter mmm they don't
have any anti zombie drugs in these
zombie security bunker which seems
really fucking stupid here's here's what
I'm gonna yeah here's my good because
I'm what I'm sure well you'll have to
tell me if this is part of the social
commentary of the game uh-huh
is that you know the pharmaceutical
company who makes that is part of the
bad guys yes of course and so I'm sure
they're charging ridiculous prices for
that yeah and you can't afford that on a
city budget
Jesus this is why this guy is degrading
himself to be in some kind of games
money to buy the medicine that and I've
never even heard of this game I mean
I've heard of this game but I've never
played this game I assume that's the
case which I like I like that take
Stacey fourths fry style forsyth forsyth
something like that that's a weird name
yeah Forsythe
she's leader of the protest group that
doesn't like the way people are creating
the zombies right yeah I saw that in the
intro they're dead though so let's set
it down
I like that Venus exaggerated signs of
death include rigor mortis erotic smell
an occasional drowsiness please see your
doctor or mortician
if signs of death increase as you may
need to up your dosage of sound banks
stop surname shaming hack jacquard I
will not it's a weird name Forsyth so my
plan currently yeah I'm kind of planning
things out now oh I'm gonna stream an O
death row this game all right I'm gonna
try and do a perfect run of this game
alright I like it so you're just kind of
warming up this oh yeah yeah practice
run practice yeah practice I'm not going
I'm not going the distance tonight I'm
trying to find good ways to deal with
the early Psychopaths you run across
when I'm still at like a a low level in
the game sure sure okay I'm with you
yeah I'm holding my tactics I like it I
like it
this is batting practice to use an app
to metaphor scam gets better when you
can ditch that dumb Yellow Jacket but
then Yellow Jacket it's like the one
thing I like about this is motorcycle
jacket it's striking I'm gonna you know
I'm gonna say I'm okay with the jacket
okay I'm okay I have no strong feelings
but I'm okay with it
I do need a water though I'm now back
speedrun this game I don't know I don't
know how possible that is this game is
on a timer like I don't think I can
hasten the end it doesn't work that way
so because I have time to do it I'm
going to tackle one of the early bosses
first oh good I'm going to ignore the
little storyline quest for now and take
a detour
okay like I'm supposed to go in that
pharmacy look for the drug but I'm
skipping that right now okay I've got
the I've got free time to do it so I'm
gonna tackle one of the bosses and again
what a psychopath right off right off
the bat really yep all right I'm down
should save that jacket screams his love
of mountain dew yeah this character is
kind of obnoxious they yeah they didn't
bother to give him a personality like
like Frank West is a human being
mm-hmm in the first game this guy is
just cool guy but cool he's guy he does
he does the motocross and he's cool guy
extreme and at some point they realized
well maybe he's not such a deep
character and they just like when they
conceived of this character has got a
daughter so cool that wasn't enough a
slap out of daughter yeah yeah yeah he's
the laziest conceived character of all
time we have we have to give him some
sort of really an ability yeah he's got
a kid yeah
though to be fair if you you know the
zombie apocalypse you don't want to get
bitten at all right yeah so you want to
be wearing clothes that are sturdy tear
resistant oh yeah and have ease of
movement you're not gonna find anything
better than a motocross jacket it's got
padding it's leather it's gonna be hard
to bite through and it has good movement
I'm fine with this yes yeah I am
Oh
- lazier than Captain phasma captain
phasma is not a character though captain
phasma is an outfit I actually taught
early to trigger interesting I didn't
know you could do that so so because
they tried to give him a character of he
has a daughter yes he's lazier yeah
captain phasma they knew was just a
character like someone in an outfit they
didn't even try they're like no one's
gonna care it's a cool outfit we don't
care about captain phasma's extended
family I was like they tried with with
Chuck green hair but it was a really
lazy attempt well also like they're
asking a lot like cool dude McCool
Motocross doesn't necessarily pair well
with concerned dad yeah you know I'm
gonna do some sweet tricks off my bike
but my little girl needs your medicine
hold on check out this 360 backflip
someone needs to look after my little
girl yeah so no note to self um if I run
straight to this first bosses it's too
early to trigger that boss Oh fairly I'm
assuming I have to wait too at least
four o'clock in game oh okay note note
self is there anything you can do to
like grind while you wait for four it's
so close right now like why bother sure
I'm with you anything I can really
you know I kind of grab food
are you drunk yet jack I'm a little
drunk still from yesterday from
yesterday's beer Capades but no I'm fine
I am a sober jack tonight I eat the
donut out for forcing got a little bit
of a cheese hangover also but I had some
cheese today and that helps to take care
of my cheese hangover they had this
amazing garlic cheddar it's like aged
cheddar like with garlic and fusing and
it's like it's that perfect cheddar
where it's just like a little bit soft
and it melts in your mouth just when you
put it in is this so fucking amazing
should be there now something horrible
has happened they had I got a pesto
Havarti cheese this like creamy pesto my
refrigerator is filled with cheese what
a terrible terrible famously the
greatest this is the greatest deny
Wisconsin stereotypes have a cheese
hangover I know he's killing people to
feed to his tiger I also love I love his
character model like look at how gross
he looks I think he's great yeah he
reminds me of the diaper babies from
from it's not far off yeah
do you have to fight the tiger or him
there's something secret with the tiger
by the way oh yeah are you gonna do it
my goal is nice that's great all of the
good Dead Rising Psychopaths are tragic
that's horrifying go and eat your fresh
meat nice and slow you can do a rich I
can't
fortunately he's not that hard a boss
sure I could take him at level one I
assume you don't wanna get too far away
or else he loses his gun yep
holy moly nice
nice nice part-1 done well wait where
did you guys teleport to the same area
we're at just like 20 feet over we're
actually coming up he's in the Tigers
pen oh sure sure yeah yeah I guess it
just looked like you someone yeah can
you guys upload videos somewhere else
than YouTube I'm having a problem well
we started you know like all the videos
all the past broadcasts are here on
Twitch as well as highlights so if you
go to like you know recent past
broadcasts we'll just be in the past
broadcasts or in the highlight section
is where we you know chop them up into
like our two-hour chunks you can watch
all the videos there and any future
videos made will be uploaded to twitch
so watch here if you can watch here
what's more here and any of the past
broadcasts or the highlights you can
actually watch with the chat which i
think is better like watch what the chat
is saying as well no I did not get over
it
I did not get over it I have not gotten
very far in getting over it and it's
very very upsetting
all right so you want to kill it I mean
you take away its health yeah if you
want to make an enemy your friend I'm
gonna drop them stakes what shit if you
see him there no that was an epic
dodging you did it perfectly and now you
need to make him see it he's the one oh
my god
I know his hope goes up and his health
goes up so of course your first
playthrough you'd be really discouraged
cos he doesn't see it nope he did not
see that one he was already because
already on me who's already on me it's
alright that's alright don't see it
hello oh there goes he's up he's got it
how many do you have to give him three
maybe four if he's taking some damage
sure oh so if you can get him to full
health or your friend oh that's way down
the zombie
like that but I see it you see that he
sees it he's got it he's got it the
friend of the tiger
that's great what a twist
he's gonna run around fighting zombies
yeah yeah join bonus you have to get him
back anywhere or no he's just he's got
to go back with me to the safehouse
that's great that's a great little touch
it's gonna follow me around well I'm
here and we say this is the guy yeah
Lenny not like big kitty
I guess he's friends with Ted oh sure
okay Chuck now he's so Lenny
they should have just named the other
guy Carl Ryan got over with like we get
it yeah to doing of license on base of
my we're gonna go to the farm Lenny
we're gonna see the rabbits and like do
you basically just not have to worry
about snowflake because because it's a
tiger and it can take care of it shit
yeah yeah I've never had an issue where
snowflake died so Oh is it George let me
and George George yeah yeah who's Lenny
and Carl you thinking of the Simpsons I
am thinking of the Simpsons I do mean
George by the way thank you for
correcting me I got of mice and men
screwed up with The Simpsons because
that's a natural thing
both are pop-culture references
whorehouse - there's v-up oh well for
safety's sake we're gonna save I said
I'm not I'm not going my no death run
tonight right that'd be that'd be crazy
you just do you know yeah
warming up stretching out
alright let's see we're worrying tips
here um anonymous says Jack did you see
Jumanji I hated it thought it was so
transparently lazy and it represented
the death of our culture wow I mean it's
pretty extreme that's that's incredibly
extreme so I'm gonna go ahead and not
believe you with that amount of
hyperbole and this is coming from
someone who enjoyed central intelligence
what I've heard about Jumanji is that
it's overwhelmingly not the worst thing
in the world of the new one yeah I keep
hearing for me like oh yeah I wasn't bad
my wife took the kids to go see it and
they loved it the kids loved it yeah
and she was like yes alright so you know
it's a kids movie as long as kids like
it I guess exactly and you know for it
coming from an adult going now you know
like I didn't hate sitting through it
like that's a that's a big deal
for an adult going to a kids movie is
not hating yourself so you know singing
so oh it's also yeah it's huge it's it's
hugely successful and but I I plan on
seeing it at some point it's not high on
my list of things to see
you're right striker the movie must only
appeal to angry adult nerds if it's not
both nerdy and dark I won't see it and
it's the death of our culture culture
right it's got its got the rock
it's got Gillian Jacobs who's great it's
got Jack Black Kevin Hart I can take or
leave as an actor as a comedic presence
I'll take her leave him but it's got the
rock then we have to keep eye on
survivors in this game Karen Gillan what
did I call her I forget
I say names wrong you know I'm talking
about mother fuck Amy Pond mother
fucking um what's-her-name in guardians
Gamora sister go accion nebula you meet
a Beulah I mean in movie names
yes nebula yep actors Karen Gillan whoa
settle down lady you just met all right
now I'm gonna fight these looters as
part of the story mission with with my
pet tiger looking forward to that I like
it and is Lenny gonna fight too yeah
well you have a tiger
[Music]
if you feel about film theory being
blamed for people hating the last Jedi I
don't know like his film theory a thing
or you just mean film theory in general
well however you slice it I didn't
particularly enjoy my viewing experience
because it wasn't the worst thing I've
ever seen no I think I think I think the
problem is that it's called Star Wars
you know and it's played out and it's
gonna be yeah but that's just me you
know I like to stop talking about Star
Wars for the love of each new I'm
delighted to talk about my pet tiger and
Dead Rising 2 we were having a good
someone talks about a chat I just wanted
to bring it up I didn't I wanted to make
it clear I'm gonna talk about Star Wars
in length in a little bit yeah
yeah okay because I was doing some
research over the weekend on Star Wars
and and I've made I made some people
very upset with me and and some findings
about Star Wars but we'll get there all
the Star Wars we're just gonna talk
about nothing but Star Wars wait did you
beat them that easily yeah nice they
never wanna help
you have a tiger with you right
how do you tip underneath the video
player there's a button that will take
you to our stream tip and you can tip
there well let's see here dust clown
Stein says Jack you're a ps2 guy ever
played Ratchet and Clank I love the
first three when I was younger I've
played them again recently and they
still hold up I'd I had a ps2 kinda I
mean but everybody had a ps2 right I
don't know if I'm a Ratchet and Clank I
don't know if I've never really played
it either I did not I don't know if I
ever played Ratchet and Clank I'm sorry
that was uh that was part of like the
big 3d platforming collectathon nuthouse
and I didn't I didn't get to up on in
that Ratchet and Clank is this
collectathon I believe is it I guess it
always look I think I think it's a
little bit more combat II oh then
actually I might like it I always put it
up there with Banjo and Kazooie so I
stayed away from this you know I didn't
much care for that Banjo and Kazooie
yeah like that and jak and daxter Isles
right didn't play that I always put
those guys all of those in the same boat
so I just left him alone
gizmo and Klump that's a good one
right that sounds like one day they all
are right you know shubo and Teddy blow
Bowen Jake yep
Denise in the Hat like they're all it's
all the same garbage
you'll see oh are you apparently I will
it's not super exciting it'll help me
level up sure sure
that's what that's what it's all about
you got to grind it all right
gents
Roberto says watched fateful findings
with some friends last night thanks jack
it was sufficiently terrible with some
of the worst line reads I have ever
heard glad I suffered it yeah that's a
special one man faithful findings is an
absolute special one get on it if you
haven't yet I'm sure most people in chat
here have our members of the church of
green so you know I believe they most
have seen it but oh boy who boy is that
something special right people on a
tiger you know I took the tiger a little
bit to get used to you but they're all
fine you know I got a tiger it's great
anonymous says uh okay says anonymous
says acquire a sexpot for a fetishist
shoot crazy religious fanatics into
space and talk to a toaster that wants
to destroy the world just a taste of
what you can do in Fallout New Vegas try
it out I'm not sure the Fallout games
are for me I by the way I believe you
that the stories and fallout are
fantastic okay I believe the world yeah
I think from a gameplay perspective it's
not necessarily my cup of tea you're not
a super big role-playing person though
no not generally yeah right you know I
don't understand the there VATS system
and I don't get it
the fallout world I do not get but I
believe you that the stories are great
okay so I grab that beach bowl yeah some
one of the gimmicks with the kid okay
you can give her presents that gets you
experience points and if she likes them
all right oh you clever bastard shit I
got you kid give me points I got you all
this shit by the way you know that tiger
I saved yeah my daughter you can give a
title to your lots really tiger things
were like a hidden secret thing anyway
okay it doesn't give you as many points
that's great your tiger now right now we
need a scene later on where the tiger
saves the girl right you needed like a
hidden little cutscene or she's about to
die in the Tigers answer
you gave me a bag of marbles a ball of
little pony and a tiger I got time to
kill him yeah now she gets to clean up
the litter box all right what do we got
here valium plugs fences hey guys
subnautica gets its full release in a
few days it's getting high reviews and
would be a great stream game I've played
a few hours and it's one of the best
I've played in a few years do you know
anything about subnautica yeah no let me
know I don't I don't know if I think I
ever heard of it I've not I've
definitely not played it the name sounds
vaguely familiar that's about all I can
tell you right
lady I ain't no lady
new Vegas force which please we're
getting you know every everything that
can be on the switch will be the switch
is becoming the the port the port king
oh absolutely great for them apparently
the Nintendo stock rose by the billions
after their labo announcement why people
love it $70 cardboard people love it
their investors love it and they're
gonna they're gonna do it they're gonna
go gangbusters they're gonna corner the
cardboard market rich rich likes easy
games is that true that's what I know
about you my insistence I'm playing XCOM
to one hard not losing a single soldier
no easy game I love Ninja Gaiden no it's
super easy game FTL easy game first dead
rising easy game you know especially
getting a save everyone no death run
it's super easy to do yeah yeah yeah
rich it's fine fine
people are dick kids trying to get a
rise out of me yeah ah the ghost of Nix
is on the topic of schlock do you think
john Landis's 1973 movie schlock is
worthy of work I haven't seen it I've
not seen it either I've heard it I know
we made it I I don't know anything about
it being best of the worst worthy
because I've never seen it and so that
might be a J question I'm sure Jay seen
it that sounds like a movie J would see
first we got to give her her zombie
medicine
sure
he was a stuffed animal instead of some
medicine right that's great no like now
okay gave you a shot you don't like that
but here's the big stuffed animal
Jed she's playing mega man cuz the
series was created by the mega man guy
mm-hmm or as you might know I'm the
mighty number nine guy oh how sad how
sad mega man mustard no mustache the
player says seeing rich stream Dead
Rising the other day inspired me to go
back and play a favorite of mine
Resident Evil 4 was curious if you guys
ever played it or have any opinions on
it not really I never gave the Resident
Evil series much of a chance I played
the first one I didn't much care for it
so yeah like I'm with you with the first
one the first Resident Evil like I
didn't get I hated the fact that every
room had its own unique camera angle and
you know like oh I just did not like it
right yeah
Resident Evil 4 if people remember was a
GameCube exclusive for a while and
GameCube didn't have a lot of games so I
played Resident Evil 4 and loved the
ever-loving fuck out of it it's a great
like you want to talk action schlock you
fight a giant zombie fish either you
have to go fishing for a giant zombie
fish at one point I love the resonator
for I think it's a great asset game I
don't know if they do this in other
Resident Evil games but they had a
really great inventory system where you
know
you had a case and everything you wanted
to fit in your inventory you had to like
Tetris into your case that's not
exclusive to that that's a lot of
old-school games oh okay
that was my first time original XCOM did
that with your individual soldiers oh
yeah
like you had to like you had to fit
whatever gear that I like that I thought
I thought that was a really neat way to
handle it and so I enjoyed it I enjoyed
Resident Evil 4 Oh quite a lot by the
way we're just watching news in this
game you know you are framed don't
forget about the evil midget
oh man there's so many going so many
good enemies a lot of a lot of creep a
lot of like ridiculous creep factor in
Resident Evil 4 our daughter this big
elephant it'd be great if all this stuff
stayed in the room and eventually the
room just became oh yes there's the
tiger there's the elephant
this daddy daycare some yeah it's a good
way to level up early when you don't
have any anything else pressing going on
just just bring your daughter some crap
and look at amarty level eight games
barely even started I'm already level
eight that's great that's great it's
fine strap CK in FL says hijack and rich
excellent stream tonight per usual are
there any upcoming rlm commentary tracks
not currently if not are there any
movies you would enjoy doing one on
thanks Carl I thought about it I could
probably find one I wouldn't mind doing
them likes it's not not currently
nothing in the works let's see here
wicks Minh says sent this with bits
earlier oh yeah I don't know we probably
need some sort of bits widget yep or
something cuz if people send stuff with
bits they can also leave a message ok so
I'll look into that so we don't have any
wave right now to get updates out if you
give us a message of a bit so don't
right now sorry unless you don't care to
have anything read right right yeah if
you just want to give bits and don't
care about anything being read that's
fine dr. Chuck but mud I will talk about
black lightning in a little bit hold on
wicks MIT ihnen says I'm new to reading
comics and want to know your favorite
series and runs started with ultimate
spider-man and I'm enjoying it so far
I'm a little bit old-school
so Roger Stern's run on the Amazing
Spiderman was pretty good to me ok art
wise I like anything John Romita Jr did
with spider-man savage dragons an
underrated gem and if you're looking for
something a little bit less superhero II
go and check out preacher yeah
yeah I mean there's there's just so much
good stuff out there ultimate spider-man
I think is a great place to start really
really accessible good good character
and there was a lot of good you know
you'll know once it starts getting bad
you'll know like right away so and it
rhymes with Spider moan what else have I
really enjoyed I enjoyed the new run of
Archer and Armstrong I really liked
Valiant Comics oh my god am I forgetting
am I gonna forget what it's called the
one with the psychics Harbinger that's
what it is Harbinger I really enjoy the
Harbinger there's uh the first the first
few runs of Miss Marvel if you're into
that I ever really enjoyed they just had
they just I just read their most recent
the most recent value of Miss Marvel
which is utter garbage man I really
hated it they were fighting they were
fighting rich an internet troll an
actual internet troll and I know it's
like a comic that's meant for teenagers
and so they were trying to say something
poignant to the teenage community yeah
but it was clearly written by someone
who was 40 years old and has never dealt
with an internet troll trying to talk to
teenagers I'm gonna come on man it was
it was a little rough but you know if
you're looking for something a little
more fun and getting to that squirrel
girl she's all sorts of fun
there's a poster you can look at that'll
show you new combo weapon oh okay
and dr. Chuck Nick but mud I didn't see
black lightning so last dream I talked
about seeing catching most of black
lightning the new CW superhero series
yeah
and I cut most of it now it's like yeah
I think this is pretty all right how
many most of how many episodes are there
there's just one there's just one
episode okay but like I wanted to watch
it before the stream and I ended up not
having enough time to watch the full
episode but I watch most of the first
episode and enjoyed it I was like you
know it's alright and there there seems
to be a lot of neat stuff that I hope
that they explore in the series
basically just being his role as a
superhero versus his role being the
principal of a high school and he has
this line where he's talking about like
saving more lives as his principal and
that was a concept that rich and I talk
about a lot with Batman where it's like
can you do more good punching bad guys
or contributing to your community in
other ways and I hope that's a running
theme in the show it's kind of like when
he needs to be a superhero and when he
needs to be just a pillar in the
community and so I came out feeling like
mostly positive but you know kind of
like on the fence but mostly positive
then I watched the rest of the episode
which had all the action in it in the it
ends the episode with like a big action
sequence and I'm like fuck yes it was
really great like I felt really good
about the ending so I'm down and for
some reason this isn't in the air over
even though it's on the same channels
for somewhere and I like tonally it's
going for something a little deeper I
think and so they didn't want to like
put this in the same universe for some
reason an egg
it's it's one of those things where it
very easily could just like one day say
oh we are in the error universe and it
always has been but we've never
mentioned it before they're not
explicitly saying they're not in the
arrowverse okay but people in CW are
saying that so okay but the show hasn't
said it so they could always change
their mind
and remember Supergirl
still technically isn't in the
arrowverse but they do crossovers homes
I guess that's true yeah yeah so it's
the doors there oh yeah they hop to
different earths all the time I'm
talking about the show Black Lightning
the new CW superhero show what Black
Lightning who you might remember from
the Super Friends cartoon as the Super
Friends
I have no idea that's that's old chill
for me yeah that's too old no he was uh
he was the first on DC Comics he was the
first black superhero to get his own
comic so he's he's a big figure in black
comics yes so he has his own show now
he's old you know he's an adult he used
to be a superhero then he gave up the
superhero life to become like a normal
citizen he has like ex-wife and some
kids and their kids are teenagers and so
like they're it's a different dynamic
than most superhero shows well check it
out
it's the flash show any good it looks
like trash it's it's not doing great
right now but you'd be surprised how far
charisma can get you the charisma of all
of the actors in the flash really really
gets you over the rough spells they're
doing a whole thing right now with
what's-his-name of a thinker
I think the thinker I think that's the
bad guy or the I think his name is the
thinker he kind of looks like MODOK he's
the main villain of this season of the
flash and he's you know just basically
hyper intelligence they have the
flash-fry you know somebody had this
rogues gallery you just really grabbed
they've used him a lot they have yeah oh
they've used group okay how do they
handle Gorilla Grodd on TV he's uh he's
CG he's a cg gorilla he is a talking ape
though they did it
he talks psychically okay but yeah you
know he is a hyper intelligent talking
ape they banished him to an ape planet
though one of one of the one of the
Earth's is an ape planet and so he's
banished there I think that's the comics
that's probably oh yeah you know he
comes from an ape world
oh well here he was created by or at
least an ape city I think that's where
he's living now here he was created by
[Music]
the reverse-flash
[Music]
all right I actually forget it's been
it's been so it's been so long but right
now the the main rogue is the thinker
who's hyper smart and has framed Barry
Allen for his own murder the thinker
yeah because he swapped bodies because
his body was dying because he was too
smart but now he figured out a way to
contain his smarts in a new body Oh
Barry Allen for Barry Allen's murderers
oh no Barry mad Allen for the thinker's
murder
okay okay that makes a little bit more
sense and so Barry Allen had to decide
had to choose whether or not to go to
jail or reveal to the world that he was
the flash because that was the only
thing that would exonerate him anyone's
jet because he's a good guy so that's
where we aren't on the flash kind of
lame we just came back from the
mid-season break and kind of the the
introduction back to the flash was kind
of a lame
[Laughter]
the clown was pretty fun he juggles
chainsaws Ivan uses the chainsaws
against Jim Kent the photographer might
be the actually the most satisfying to
just punch in the face because he's
obnoxious
[Laughter]
uncle flies I agree I agree that Barry
could have cleaned up the entire crime
scene before the police walked in
because he's the flash he could have
cleaned up the whole crime scene and
been back to say what's going on but
then like if if Barry did like a really
logical thing and prevented that from
happening what you end up with is no
show because sometimes things need to
happen in a show in order for there to
be applaud and drop shouldn't drop her
gun I think she knocked a gun out of a
zombie cop's hand it looked like she
dropped her gun as you could see she is
clearly still holding hers yeah there
were some zombies security guards that
she kind of shouldered and he dropped
his gun jack they want me to find fun
outfits for my when I actually like the
default jacket Jack are you I saw that
are you literally arguing wait wait what
is that Dead Rising 2 you can move and
use guns at the same time yeah but the
guns are a lot weaker in this one than
they were in Dead Rising 1 shotgun would
fuck some shit up in Dead Rising 1 the
shotgun and fuck up zombies but it's
useless for bosses so Tiberius Kirk here
is counter counteracting my point about
you know sometimes characters have to
act a little dumb for plot to happen he
says he says Jack you're literally
arguing that bad writing is better than
nothing or they could just write a
better show yes they could just write a
better show but I guess what you're
failing to understand is writers
producers directors all of these people
have deadlines
so you you can say just write a better
show but they are under a ton of time
constraints where they just need to get
material out and that's the way that
network television works they need to
get it out for deadlines and so I'm not
arguing that bad writing is okay
I'm just saying drama needs to happen
here shotgun is fun to accidentally
shoot a follower in the face Dead Rising
hot tip this is why when you have
followers you don't use the shotgun
yourself
okay you give the shotgun to the
follower ah they one shot zombies that
are in their way multiple zombies yeah
cuz it's a shotgun it's got the spread
and then never ends out of ammo when
it's got a survivor shooting it oh well
yeah you give the shotgun to the
survivor absolutely that's right the the
the writers of somethin like flash
they're not paid to write a good show
they're just paid to write the show and
anyone who by the way who wants to like
get into the industry this should be
good news for you because anyone can
write it just just be in there you just
have to write things
have you were rich ever had a job where
you received tips besides this one no
yeah
besides this one no oh you know what I
take it back when I was a wedding DJ I
would often get tips at the end of the
night not sure if this counts as a tip
or a bribe I used to work oh I just work
at a grocery store and I was wait a
minute
I was working fine with the statute of
limitation on this line I was working
behind the meat counter
okay and I was closing up one night I
had the lights off and everything I
going home in like 15 minutes okay and
this guy walked up he wanted a filet
mignon cut X amount of thickness okay
that's like my lights are off my hours
are up I'm getting really Mike I'm sorry
sir we're closed yeah we're closed
I'm not a butcher I can't do it I'm not
I'm not one of the meat cutters oh sure
he slips me a 50 I went in back I'm not
a meat cutter I don't care I've seen
them do it and doesn't I'm to grab one
of the filets out trimmed it up kind of
a nice big fat filet the man wanted a
boy wait he knows how to get a filet no
that's that's not illegal that's fine
that's fine
so yeah by the way that's not a tip that
was definitely a bro oh yeah definitely
a bribe well he saw that he still had to
pay for it on the way out of the store I
didn't help him steal anything right he
just without rich there he just wouldn't
have gotten the piece of meat at all
right yeah as a wedding VJ often times
if I did a real bang-up job the bride
the groom or you know the parents of
would would palm me Paul me some extra
dough yeah that was always nice this
other time when I was getting ready to
close yeah and you know yeah they have
the ground beef behind the counter and
that that's not good for more than a day
whatever you have left at the end of the
day that gets that gets tossed into the
garbage and I'm closing up my lights
aren't quite off yet I'm just getting
ready to close okay this lady walks up
she wants a pound of ground sirloin I
look I don't have much more than a pound
left I got a pound and a quarter left so
I I wear up a pound yeah and then you
know who's gonna throw it out anyway I
took that extra 25 after I already
printed out Jilly got charged for a
pound after I print out the label I said
what was left I threw out of time it's a
nice extra she got pissed at me I asked
for a pound oh I'm sorry ma'am I took it
I took that I took that yeah I took that
extra offending 25 percent oh you know
it's 25 off that extra quarter pound it
took it off
ivory weighted got a pound and then I
turn around when I went to wrap and I
scooped it up I just threw it fucking
garbage
that so she got home with only a half
pound because I gave her extra for free
whoa
I - yeah to be fair and if she weren't
rude about if she had just said oh no
it's for a recipe no please maybe she
was like just I only asked her and
that's what I wanted and gonna get what
are you doing I'm giving you free meat
you know
uh I'll be on those who be fair even
from your perspective is you probably
just you prefer she ate an ass like it
was an incredibly generous gesture like
oh we only got mean a quarter pound
laughs no one's gonna buy a quarter
pound you just want the Amami to throw
the rest on top you won't even have to
pay for it oh there is fun yeah also it
sounds like she was being nice like I
wouldn't have done that if she weren't
being considerably rude oh sure
Chad hey Chad
the the one that one guy once yes I've
seen I saw the Punisher series on
Netflix it's alright it's alright
nothing in the series is as fantastic as
the prison scene with the Punisher in
daredevil season 2 I I think character
wise he doesn't do anything nearly as
intense as he does in daredevil season 2
but it's alright I like Jon Bernthal I
like Jon Bernthal in general but I give
it I give it a slightly above a mat for
me god Chuck your your dropkick is so
fucking pathetic compared to Frank West
drop kick jump kick this is full stop
Frank West just keeps going this is
always momentum
well it's worthless but if you did a
drop kick I think that's how it would
really be right jump kick yeah from a
gameplay perspective it's it's a useless
skill
in Dead Rising one great way to get
around in individuals on it great way
yeah
dad stop shooting your wife an accident
yeah like Punisher was alright III think
Punisher was better than iron fist and I
think it was better than Luke Cage and
not as good as Jessica Jones or Evo
season of daredevil
so that's all
move that's a crispy fried man says my
laptop has been dying for a long time
and it just croaked on me
the last thing it did was watch the last
stream of previously recorded how does
it feel to be laptop killers you hack
fraud bucks
we did it rich we killed that's all
we're trying to do it's not my thing I
don't have the patience for a marathon I
can barely handle three in a row
wasn't that already this weekend or is
that next weekend I don't know I think
that I think the Festa is happening I
think it happened Friday and Saturday
but actually now that I say that out
loud I D Fest is the 24 hours or 48 24
24 hour bad movie marathon no it's too
grueling
oh yeah it's it's it's a lot 24 straight
hours of bad movies it is a whole lot to
take in
26 and 2000 it's next weekend okay so
it's next weekend next week Friday and
Saturday down in Evanston Chicago
Evanston Illinois oh it's by uh it's it
takes place at Northwestern University
well god I I did go one year to be fest
and it was it's a glorious time but but
it's grueling it is a grueling it is a
gauntlet of terrible movies telegin we I
think we mentioned this last stream no
neither of us have seen Andy Dick's live
meltdown no I don't I don't care enough
about Andy Dick's meltdown right I'm
shocked enough to learn that Andy Dick
is still alive let alone still having
meltdowns
we got here
anonymous says I thought we were having
steamed clams oh no I said steamed hams
that's what I call hamburgers yeah
Simpsons reference I don't understand
what the occasion is that they would
bring that up but I understand the
reference I understand you know the
aurora borealis localized in your
kitchen in the daytime during the summer
months
damn fine I'm absolutely okay with that
no my kids have moved on from The
Simpsons my kids are no longer watching
The Simpsons they found a new flavor
there's a there's some Cartoon Network
shows that they're all about right now
including something called the Nexo
Knights and a unikitty show from from
the lego movie yeah we good for you to
do so they've moved on they no longer
care for the Simpsons why oh don't
follow me did you put him somewhere yeah
I put them somewhere any follow them I
must have accidently hit
come-hither button no I got two unwanted
companions then mm-hmm this is Dead
Rising 2 there are no real danger oh oh
god is that a giant stuffed animal for
kid again I'm here for this hey Betty
Esther oh that's a video all right
mm-hmm mmm Oh but Chad's ready to defend
you don't worry look at him
look I already gave these zombie man go
get him Chad yeah yeah fuck yeah Chad
[Laughter]
oh I've been meaning to watch that there
there was a special on some channel
someone made a documentary about how how
Indian Americans feel about Appu
yeah and it seems it seems to be an
interesting subject matter like they
talk to Hank Azaria and everything yeah
and Hank Azaria's like I first
auditioned for a poo and they said can
you make it more racist like can you
exaggerate it more he's like alright now
that you know he's just a boy said he'll
do whatever but I heard good things
about the documentary I wanted to watch
that what do you got to do for Esther
finished talking to her oh okay I think
it's called the problem with a poo I
could hit the skip conversation button
but that feels like cheating okay oh no
don't worry it does it does
bumblebee man has a taco truck at
Universal and some tasty tacos in there
by the way oh you need to carry Esther
she can walk which is slow she stops
occasionally sure sure sure you know
what it's like with the old way with the
old yes I know exactly what that's like
she's one of the olds let's see here
mochi b85 says hi Wreckers it's nearing
the end of the month and no half in the
bag fuck you it's january episode to be
seen can we expect one soon or has
january finally broke wrong person to
ask
yeah we don't decide what happened the
bank episodes are made
sorry mochi I can tell you that I'm
playing Dead Rising 2 right now does
that help how does your rescuing a
Nestor mm-hmm that looks great
rich is currently doing the the the
grandma run a perfect grandma run of
dead rising to know slightly just ruin
to your grandma
yeah