Episode 941
Rich Tackles DR2 (part 3)
January 24, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iNAsCwIoWek
___________________________________________

casual horse says isn't it funny that
first Luke was supposed to not face
Vader because his training was not
complete and then the only thing missing
for him to complete his training was to
face Vader
wait what so what you need to be a Jedi
yeah you need about five minutes with
Yoda okay and then you need to face
Vader twice right that's all it takes
well but the first time you're gonna do
it wrong and then the second time you do
it right well I think wasn't the point
of that the whole point of like the
important point is it's totally okay for
loop to have five minutes of training
but completely unacceptable for a to
have five minutes of training agree
agree you're absolutely right
unacceptable and I'm with you I'm with
you rich I get you and I'm we I agree
completely I think the whole point of
that I know you're trying to make a like
a funny point but the reason that
obi-wan and Yoda didn't want him to face
Vader is because him becoming a Jedi was
him saying that he wouldn't fight Vader
that was the arc in The Return of the
Jedi his refusal to fight Vader at the
very end is what turns him into a true
Jedi all right whereas in Empire he went
to fight Vader and actually fought and
fought and fought right and that's what
they were worried about is that he would
fight and he'll out his anger overcome
him but then in Return of the Jedi when
he says I refused to fight my father and
fauna that's when he hits I will I would
love rich would love to see Luke's Jedi
training school where he imparts all
that knowledge he learned from Yoda over
the course of five minutes
okay has has everyone swung on
and done a flip over a log yeah you have
well shit then I got nothing have you
guys wait wait have you floated rocks
have you float over oh you have that's
all I got guys that's all I got I don't
know can I ride on your back again
riding on their back this is how I
learned it's the only way I know only
where I'm oh don't forget handstand
you're right jack runs everyone needs to
do a handstand while making r2d2 float
and now and then and then at the end you
have to refuse to fight and then you're
a Jedi
boom it's a four-year school first the
first semester like the first two days
in the first semester pretty intense but
yeah after that just whole lot partying
really yeah well we float a lot of stuff
we meditate the sauna is fantastic you
have to get in the sauna really cleans
your Chi I mean you know the whole
second year is all about lightsaber
building which is why kylos is all
messed up he never made it to the second
year once you get into shop class you
learn how to make your own lightsaber
that's when I could what was that what
are those gloves boxing gloves with
knives tape to them that's kind of
Awesome
everyone knows that the Skywalker Jedi
school that's a party Jedi school like
no you know no one really learns
anything there you need the piece of
paper right really you go there for the
friends you'll meet along the way
that's the connections I mean his
sister's a general he knows hunts solo
I'm rooming with Ben's solo it's gonna
be great
cries a lot but you know I like the
connections good character a horrible
villain
yeah yeah I think he'll be all right
he's an alright villain a cartoon
villain
it's just ours sure Darth Vader Darth
Vader's a giant black
robot man more intimidating sees a giant
black robot man as far as curtainless
less pathetic the the emperor is is an
elderly wizard in a giant black robe but
you can't look I'd rather watch Star
Trek Jack you can't get more cartoony
like you could put a twirly moustache on
the Emperor and then maybe he's more
Curt suppose they toyed with that
Where's George married with that yes
lord Vader put tie her up to the space
railroad track yes I'm sure they toyed
with like an evil goatee or fake
mustache
yeah there is no more cartoon of villain
than the Emperor he is he is pure cheese
which is great that's what it's a it's a
silly movie
you know I think Adam driver is a good
actor I agree I like Adam driver in
these movies I like the character of
kylo Ren I like what they're doing with
it all I dig it
I'm down I'm down problem is raisin
already fought Kyle Oh twice and won
technically she's only fought him once
and won yeah she didn't fight him and
fought together how did that end oh they
broke the lightsaber in half and it blew
DUP and then the whole ship blew die
yeah yeah so she didn't she didn't
really like they they did tug O'War
she's got one on him and I don't know
why everyone wants to just conveniently
ignore the fact that he was shot in the
kidney and bleeding profusely I guess
that's just irrelevant yeah yeah yeah
yeah like they might have exchanged some
elbows like some they might have done
some some grappling in in the last Jedi
but now there was no full-blown
fisticuffs
there's no kidneys in Star Wars rich
that's a human trait okay okay
kylo Ren was shot in his gleep glorp
which is very similar to the human
pancreas you don't really need it oh
look at this guy evil chef yeah nice is
he eating people that's too heavy
implications
I like it Adam driver is great I really
want to see I haven't seen um what's it
called what's what's the the redneck
Ocean's eleven what what does that movie
there's there's a movie with with Adam
driver and the guy who who was James
Bond in the new movies
Logan lucky okay Logan lucky thank you
thank you Chad Logan lucky I have not
seen Logan lucky again I hear it's very
good and he planned Adam drivers in it
he was great and Logan lucky how I like
I love I love Ocean's eleven so much and
another clever heist movie but this time
at a NASCAR type race that's just a foul
you know that is that's just fun right
why is the chef's insane I think that's
one of the weaker psychopath backstories
in this particular game I don't think
they really explained it if I had to
guess some big food critic was getting
into this restaurant on this day and I
think the fact that the zombie thing
prevented him from getting his four star
review shoes has driven him insane
because the food critic never showed up
to talk about the food critic yeah
thanks for the food is there some reason
I couldn't clip space railroad tracks
everything should be clippable I don't
know oh my god he just panned your ass
he just pumped GD you oh my god
nope Oh Ritchie's laying the smackdown
just laying the damn smackdown I think
that's a that's a good that's a good
boss Mechanicville someone who goes and
refills their help nice nice nice nice
go ratatouille on his ass
I don't even know how you would but I
like it too - ratatouille jump on his
head just start shaking at his hair and
then you you you use him like a
marionette when you're sitting at his
head and your makeup like duck his own
face into the deep fryer yeah I'm gonna
go Remy on your ass
I like it I like it
right let's see here valiant bloodshot
says when Jason Aaron finally killed
Frank Castle in the max universe it was
a perfect ending Frank died doing what
he loved killing people
Aaron stated that Frank did what he did
because he loved it I didn't know that
I'm not moving a foot until Jasper gets
here she saw you on the news as the
person who started this she won't go
with you
oh okay I need to find her friend before
she'll bunch because I'm okay with like
you and my friend I feel safer with a
friend I guess this time ratatouille is
not technically mind rape
it's a consensual relationship it's you
might be able symbiotic you might be
able to like convince someone it's BDSM
but it's consensual
I forget the kid's name but he wants it
oh I like that Ryan from Michigan Bon
Appetit motherfucker you're TK how much
time passed in between Empire and Jedi
though I was under the impression that
it took years for loose to come back to
rescue Han I get you know like in
between both like in between a new hope
and Empire and between Empire and Jedi I
assume yeah six months a year year maybe
yeah
months months to a year I would that's
what I would assume in between them some
shit has seemed to go down in between
the movies I know I was looking into
that and an empire han and Leia are
talking about adventures that have
happened in between like alright we ran
into that bounty hunter on that planet
who I was sketchy and and so yeah
there's been at least months at most a
year I'd say
Oh in this restaurant and obviously in
between I mean they're building a
fucking Death Star right so there has to
be years in between a new hope and
Return of the Jedi just cuz they're
building a whole fucking new thing how
long does it take to build a fully
aberration oh that's nice
bring in yeah okay Anonymous is hijack
enrich what video game movie will
probably suck the least Tomb Raider or
rampage with the rock
I think rampage in page it'll be fun at
least because you got monsters belong
shut up yeah
and say I anonymous says I think rampage
will be so terrible it will be
entertaining at least versus bland
looking Tomb Raider you got it anonymous
at very least we get giant monsters
fighting each other or buildings and the
rock is a charismatic actor who we like
seeing on screen so nice a tumor a derp
does look incredibly boring take a pan
they don't I'm doing
you did that Brandon fight slowed the
fuck out of me mm-hmm mm-hmm true blue
review says hey guys since the fire
watch thing have there been any story
based games since then that caught your
eye
I recommended night in the woods near
automata pyre and what remains of Edith
Lee I've heard very good things about
night in the woods
that's the really cartoony one you're
like a wolf or a dog yeah it's suppose
it's supposed to be lovely I might be
interested in playing that one I think I
actually own it I might have bought it
on sale on a whim and I don't I haven't
played it but I've heard really good
things about 9:00 the woods I've heard
I've heard the name what remains of
Edith Finch but I know nothing about it
you can dodge roll apparently I can I
just fun like that recently yes as you
level up you get more skills that you
didn't have before sure it'd be more
useful like there's that you're stopped
at the end of it for a while oh sure
sure
hey Jack really enjoying the dark on
that looks good
Godslayer yeah darks really good we've
got dark or whatever it's called very
good show sci-fi murder mystery
I'm almost hoping they don't make a
season two because first season was
really strong and I don't necessarily
want them like taking a whole season to
like explain the show I just kind of I
kind of like it how it is
some fun some fun time again just really
adding up lick my love bit says can I
have some cheesy one-liners for these
made-up movie deaths being run over by
an ice cream truck being impaled on deer
antlers being eaten to death by mice
okay you get run over by deer antlers
odo odo yeah I guess the thing is I
think that also requires a Simpsons
reference knowledge wait you know that's
fine getting run over by an ice cream
truck you're gonna have a heck of an ice
cream headache tomorrow oh I can't
rescue them because they're not spawning
because normally there'd be a rock
concert going here at 4:00 a.m. oh but
there's too many people running around
and you'd only have somebody spawn so
many survivors spawned in this world at
one time really Oh interesting Steve I
like the buck stops here for the deer
death it looks like them oh that's about
here that's a good one I like that that
was from the chat
what was the other one
eaten to death by mice
hickory dickory dock hickory dicory die
it's time to call the exterminator chill
out Cinda oh I accidentally hit her oh
she hit me back yeah that's fair that's
fair
fucking Cindy
oh my god mice to know you
Titan Creed that's great nice to know
you can't argue with that one yep Oh
rats they were rats not mice baby I'm
just I'm just you know we're spitballing
here
I understand see how they run
ok Dredd Dirk's says hey rich I just
wanted to clarify that Garth penises
Punisher was a Vietnam vet his family
was killed in 1976 I understand this and
it has been active for 30 years so he's
over 50 in the Punisher max I said I've
acknowledged this already
perhaps you tipped before rich
acknowledged that maybe but yeah and you
know that that also makes sense like in
the narrowed it like just old cranky old
man Punisher yeah I like them I think
that's fun
old old grandpa he's not updating with
the times but you know instead of just
slang saying slightly racist things
under this breath he's murdering
criminal
that's why Ray Stevenson is the best
Punisher I still need to see Punisher
war zones that is that Punisher from
Punisher war zone
I got a that's got to be higher on my
list of movies to see
talking about old vigilantes reminds me
of a history of violence that is a real
forgotten Jim that's it as a decent
movie you see that one with Viggo
Mortensen actually having decent little
movie based off of a comic book I think
or a graphic novel or one of those yeah
yeah who stuff you know what Gustav what
movie it's called a history of violence
with the Viggo Mortensen aka that guy
from Lord of the Rings
ah wait is history of violence
Cronenberg is that true
I'll have to do a short time to do it
jack yeah it is
oh that's great I didn't even you know
there just wasn't enough body horror in
it for me - no it was a Cronenberg film
so it's like a restraint it's a film
filled with the refrain challenging
yourself yeah okay so Vigo in this scene
you're gonna rip out your own rib cage
Vigo goes I don't know if that will work
for me my character that's a very
terrible Viggo Mortensen impression so I
have no idea if there's any hidden
survivors that I've missed okay but so
far you are on a no death run yeah I'm
gonna died sure right but do you what
you're hoping is that you cannot die and
save everyone run who's possible to say
perfect right one dude died oh that was
a story dad that wasn't available mm-hmm
there's a paramedic you save and when
you walk into the room he's and he's
trying to revive somebody that you get
you got a death alert like you do with
what I survive or dies but there's no
way there's no way to save it it's part
of them paramedics little thing got you
got you doctor arbitrary says it's not
too late to get a flu shot
Costco offers a four strain flu shot no
membership required
thank you doctor arbitrary I should I
should get a flu shot because everyone
should get a flu shot taco salad
Tuesday's says have you guys watched mr.
robot I have not rich have you seen mr.
robot no okay I'm sorry taco salad
Tuesday's I have not seen mr. robot
neither as rich I don't even know if I
care to see mr. robot oh my god five
people save yeah before 8:00 and what
time aw that yellow line yeah that's
what I'd like to get this done by oh
shit I'm gonna be cutting it real close
Oh cuz Katie needs some bags yeah oh my
god rich you are so fucked you are so
fucked man well I mean if she turns into
a zombie do you lose no okay well you
you you don't get to completely the main
story which seems weird I don't know why
her dying would change the main story
much but you can still keep playing the
game
okay do all these side missions sure
sure
oh you're in the red now man Katie needs
some backs Zombrex to save the prison
would be lesbians Oh
because she's a construction worker yeah
oh my god she absolutely won't leave a
friend her lady friend like this lady
friend oh come on Capcom feel a little
you saying a lesbian can't be a
construction worker and that's exactly
what I'm saying she's not thick she's
not you know she's not built like the
the stereotypical butch lesbian I know I
guess they're this downright progressive
Jack they're dealing with broad strokes
here and I get it I understand what's
happening and I'm not really mad or
disappointed okay lick my love it said
would Zombies be more scary if they were
also ravenously horny I've always said
the worst thing would be a rapes on me
you have in fact yeah said that before
yes that is something they have said
before yes I think I think the something
very frightening would be a zombie with
a boner yes no interest in eating you
right way right or maybe both which
would be worse
can you make it I possibly could
cutting it as short as conceivably
possible huh
question is what's the corner way to get
these two long anonymous says I know
rich has not read Savage Dragon in a
while long time but it is slowly turning
into a hentai ye in issue 2 to 8 Malcolm
dragon reaches climax and shoots his
girlfriend that's crossed with the power
of his ejaculate alright thank you for
your chip just a heads up worse the
seven alright like I said I haven't read
it in over a decade and Savage Dragon is
people in the chat are saying Erik
Larson has lost his mind
really that's a shame that's a shame
mmhmm yeah it's always fine to doing
bizarre things for the sake of him oh
there's fine - fuckin with his audience
sure it could be it could be a long time
let's see here dr. clown Stein says well
here's my last tip of the night I want
him to finish the stream but my family
wants to go see 12 strong or as I like
to call it fetishized patriotism fun
Star Wars convo see you Wednesday Thank
You dusk lemon Stein have fun watching
military pornography there's a ton of
those shows right now
SEAL team you know the best squad you
know all like military guys and they're
doing all the fighting a good fight now
can leave any man behind ya fight we're
gonna fight the bad guys yeah I've had
I've had better practice runs where I I
had those concert people I I was talking
about saved already at this point oh
sure that's that's disheartening I mean
you're about to lose you little girl man
no okay I'm gonna make it there in time
you're not worried I'm not worried about
that I'm gonna make that you're not
gonna save the other people are you
gonna subtract I'll still try but I'm
just I'm behind schedule right right
right
you you want to continuously be ahead of
the clock of course of course let's see
here gave four quarters says hey guys I
want to thank you for playing Super
Smash TVs Memorex years ago on the New
Year's Day stream that was not us that
was Jay I recorded it to VHS and got it
autographed when I met the I the guy the
only copy he ever signed cool that was
Jay's New Year's Day stream that was not
our stream Jay introduced but he
introduced me to those Memorex Vimeo
videos if you got if you got us some
spare time and want to want to get
tripped the fuck out head over to Vimeo
and search Memorex good stuff many times
as rich completed this game fully twice
as opposed to Dead Rising which I've
done countless times sure I played it
through the first time you know pretty
casually we restarted with my level up a
few times you know yeah and then the
second time I did not not not it wasn't
no death I you know you saves and
whatnot was I had a perfect run a second
time through it except for the tiger I
didn't know about the tiger at that
point oh then it wasn't a perfect run
near perfect near perfect run all right
which is why I didn't like this game as
much as one because it was too easy to
get to easy - yeah sure sure
like I wasn't I wasn't afraid to use the
quit and restart with your stats so I've
played that's a little bit misleading
only played it through twice you know
sure sure
but you've played chunks more yeah yeah
I'm with you
zephyr kills you cannot find a recording
of J stream in fact he he was a little
he was a little disheartened after his
last New Year stream because people were
taking chunks of it and uploading it for
later viewing and he didn't like that he
wanted the ID he the idea was we're just
gonna do this this one day and it won't
ever exist again but people were making
their own copies and that's actually
what caused him to stop doing the New
Year's Day stream that was a
fantastically bizarre New Year's Day
stream his last one because that was
right after that was right after the
Star Wars Christmas episode episode of
best of the worst and so J just started
playing the Ishtar trailer at different
speeds yeah for like an hour to end the
stream yeah you just played it slower
and she won't work it was an amazing
time it was an amazing time but yeah
then afterwards people would like hey
here's the full stream and and J didn't
like them
I'm glad I got to see if that was that
was a good time that was bizarre as hell
just early New Year's Day well we got
here the cringe inator says hey Jack
just just watched fateful findings we
need you to harness your inner Poe
Dameron to lead a pointless mutiny
against Mike and Jay and watch it on
best of the worst well I would leave my
if I if I were harnessing my inner Poe
Dameron I would lead my mutiny and then
immediately get quashed by betters okay
so that's already happened I've already
given it my all and I have absolutely no
control over anything we watch on best
of the worst and that's just something
you need to get used to something I need
to get used to Jay and Mike are already
used to it but
oh the bees are back well it's the same
cause
it's not a virus it's a parasite right
the parasitic wasp that's what makes the
zombies I remember which makes just as
much sense as a virus I mean really
there's nothing makes sense about a
watching corpse which is why George
Romero was smart enough not to explain
it at all there's there's a mysterious
substance and now people are walking the
mystery of her work actually but you
never really knew yeah
he's never left jack oh the bees never
left they've weaponized oh no the bees
were weaponized already that was the
that was the plot of one right oh okay
uh from this dumbass who says with the
Disney purchase of Fox and the
characters I'd most like to see is the
Silver Surfer be fun seeing surfers zip
around epic cosmic visuals with a queen
soundtrack princes of the universe
for the win yeah Disney Marvel could
find a way to do it that doesn't even
sound like a bad take on it just yeah I
mean now with with these success of
things like The Guardian guardians of
the galaxy and Thor Ragnarok that's
looking like a pop you know that's
opening doors for weirdo space stuff I
don't necessarily like weirdo space
stuff but let's get ultra trippy with it
just see what happens
and adding princes of the universe to
anything makes it better so that that
doesn't even count as a suggestion it's
just a great song
surfer could work with the gardens yeah
you could do a little cross level with
with the Guardians that could be you
know the surfer like zooming past the
guardians ship there could be like the
mid credit sequence what the hell was
that
right and then rocket says something
crass and everyone has a good laugh and
that's how we know the Silver Surfer is
gonna be the next movie so can anyone
with a guide tell me if I've missed a
hidden survivor that that you know
doesn't have an alert to let me know
they exist if I missed any yet or am I
still on track save everybody Oh My
Jesus yeah that's my oh yeah dynamite
arrow that is a very effective weapon so
do you have to clear out the crowd I
don't have to oh I thought like they
won't come with you because they're
playing to it all no they're gonna
finish actually if they finished on the
last note all the zombies explode yeah
but if I shoot them myself I get the
experience points godlike sailor yes I
am very much looking forward to the New
Mutants film I really like that actress
I forget her name who was in the vova CH
and splits
and it looks like they're doing neat
psycho horror stuff with power so is I'm
hoping they take some notes from Legion
which I think did that really well on a
Taylor on a Taylor joy
I always forget her name Anya Anya
Taylor joy I know New Mutants did get
pushed back what got pushed up in its
place was the other one New Mutants got
pushed back was a Deadpool that got
pushed up
Deadpool too Deadpool - yeah
Deadpool - got pushed up New Mutants got
pushed back Legion was the bee's knees
that's a great find Shelly Jenner
it's hard to imagine delaying a movie
ten months is ever more profitable than
releasing as is what's the what's the
valve motto what do they lose holding
onto it well they lose the revenue of it
they get that eventually when it comes
up they they lose what's the loss they
lose any sort of marketing that they've
already put into it you know hype
factors are is a real thing in marketing
terms you also lose money because
assuming you're you're delaying it
because it needs something else so you
have reshoots or more editing or more
special effects you're paying people to
continue to work on it right now valve
had a very famous quote about half-life
episode two which is a he's not valve
maybe it's Miyamoto like a broken game
released on time is always remembered as
a broken game
but a good game released a little late
is just remembered as a good game right
something it was something to that
effect maybe was Miyamoto I forget who's
who said it but the the it's it's the
same it's the same theory with a movie
like if a movie comes out bad they're
just going to remember it as a bad movie
but you delay it 10 months fix some
editing stuff maybe do a little reshoot
it's recolor dude just do something and
it comes out a little bit later they're
just gonna remember the good movie they
refuse to come with me unless I carry
their packages guys ladies not the
rocker looking guys right right the
shopping lady the shopping because women
be shopping yeah godlike sailor yeah I'm
okay with the runaways rich you probably
haven't watched the runaway no it's
alright it's alright I think they're
they're doing some really good stuff yes
the run the runaway the runaways is a
little light on action and I do like my
stuff a little more action heavy and
it's you know it's focused obviously
towards teenagers but I like the overall
theme of it the runaways on Hulu they
may be running away well it's you know
it's kind of the the over the overall
metaphor is just you know kind of the
the general teenager experience you're
no longer a kid but you're not quite a
grown-up and you have some
responsibilities of a grown-up but you
don't know how to handle them you know
they're doing all right with the FEMEN
it's not the greatest they have a
dinosaur pet that's great
let's see if Captain typic has the quote
which is a delayed game is eventually
good but a rushed game is forever bad by
Miyamoto and Titan Creed says Jack that
is true but there's also a misconception
that any film can be hold on any film
can be baked two qualities some films
and scripts can get overworked from too
much revision I work with writers and
there are points where they can tell
they just need to stop trying to improve
it because it's losing overall cohesion
that's also true that's true and and
sometimes all the time in the world
won't fix something but sometimes it
will that's the job of producers what
were they doing arguing I think is that
they're just they look like they were
playing patty-cake okay let's play
slappy hands yes I can't reply I was
very much reactive yeah no he's doing
something that's fine did that zombie
just throw up yes yeah
no in humans isn't even fun bad don't
waste your time on the Inhumans it's bad
it's bad and the acting is pretty
terrible but it is not even worth your
time as a bad viewer I have a sickness
apparently where I must watch every
superhero TV show and movie ever made I
don't know what it is about my
personality that compulsively makes me
watch these things but I have watched
all of the Inhumans and it is bad
anybody reading a guide tell me if I've
missed I have not seen anything okay
Slappy's coming up
things I need I'm waiting I'm waiting to
see if any for the coming day yeah
Slappy's a fun one I watched them all
there's there's no word on yet on
whether we're gonna have me or someone
binge all of the Marvel Cinematic
Universe everything before stuff you can
befriend a tiger yeah oh yeah we've
already before that was like eight hours
ago we'd befriended a tiger man I don't
think and no one has any information for
you okay okay yeah in humans has been
quietly canceled yes good it was bad
they knew it was bad before it came out
the director straight-up said I was
hired because I can make things cheaply
like I make bad cheap movies they hired
me because I can make this show cheap
I do do do-do-do dude ah Nico Colson's
hi rich hi jack
hope you are both having a good weekend
Jack where's the next place you'd like
to travel to that you've never been
before I'd like to get out of the
country again I always enjoyed going out
of the country i something on the old
bucket list is getting to Japan
I'd love to get to Japan and just hang
out for a few days because I think the
culture over there is something so
different from over here I'd love to go
there and see the sights I am traveling
again in the summer I have a I have a
wedding to go to on an island like two
hours away from Seattle Washington and
it looks like it's gonna be beautiful a
cousin of mine is getting married out
there so that'll be a fun trip I've got
to fly to Seattle rent a car and drive
it like an hour and a half north then
get on a ferry and like a two-hour ferry
and go to an island and then rent
another car by the way Jack yeah I'm the
secret oh what a night okay
I thought there was something different
in here oh maybe it's just not this
version okay nevermind
but I rather go to China India or Russia
probably India I would love to hang out
in India for a little bit yeah what was
in the other version dildos do do they
make a good weapon I never really played
around that's the correct answer but you
know any any of those countries China
Russia India I'd love to visit them all
I love travelling and I love seeing new
places I love going to new places so I'd
love to go to the mall gift I am NOT
giving the child a dildo okay
that is not gonna happen
any playthrough of this game I don't
have one I don't think it'll get you
many points I don't I don't care if it's
a super-secret achievement also if it is
a super-secret achievement that gets you
a ton of points angry letters will be
written to Capcom like come on
Jack can I host you if I go to China do
I need to be hosted but he got like
hotels I think they wanted you to give
the big stuffed animal to the child
that's why I grabbed the big butt do you
think I grabbed the big stuffed animal
for I'm just I'm just saying maybe the
chat wasn't being horrible creepers
maybe they were just saying give the toy
to child not the dildo well that's so
obvious why would you say that I don't
know I don't know
highly recommend Morocco I'd like to go
anywhere I want to go anywhere I love
traveling
ooh you know the other place up on up on
the old list is Australia Yeah right go
to New Zealand just visit some sheep I'm
just gonna go hang out with some sheep
visit uh who's the place that does all
the effects like weta workshop let's
talk to someone to tell you someone go
to wet a workshop was beautiful oh yeah
looks great I want to go to all the
places I want to go to all the places
you got a point Sullivan why was he
saying you spent less time out there and
more time with your daughter
you know also snap so I do that I do
gotta prove my innocence you know that's
kind of important you know it's gonna be
hard to spend time with your daughter in
jail put that out there and she's got
her PlayStation Vita it's okay she has
her handheld gaming system which is
clearly going to be a big hit and
everyone's gonna love
yes the game likes to focus on boobs
baba yaga llama says have you guys
played gravity rush combats not that
great but the way you float move makes
up for that rich have you played gravity
rush no I played about a half hour of
gravity rush and it was not my thing
I think it was like a free PlayStation
Plus game one month and I played it and
it was straight up not my thing
valiant blood shots as rich yeah rape
zombies exist let me guess it's Japanese
what's the guest number two
Garth eNOS
he wrote crossed a book called crossed a
virus breaks out and creates zombies
that rape murder torture sodomized yeah
you know sodomized and cut mmm eyes and
cannibalize innocent people it's
horrifying you know what I'm saying so
girth eNOS is crossed
you got your classic rape zombies
okay major mr. Meanor says so what would
be the one-liner for getting killed by a
horny zombie I've got a bone to pick
with you
well there you go that stiff was very
stiff that's not bad like that that
stiff stiff stiff
but what was that noise the sound of the
breaking Hellcat striker says Jack rich
I swear I've heard this whole stream
conversation before new years stream
autographs etc I don't remember giving
you money so here's five dollars to save
my sanity from deja vu a lot of times
rich and I talk about the same thing
what conversation I don't know this
whole stream conversation but rape
zombies we're we're going over some
classics he raped zombies star wars
superhero movies these are kind of the
hits
these are the classic jams you gotta
come on ahead planning ahead great I
need to do this by then gotcha
let's just how this game rolls man need
to do this by then DX Ritchie says since
Disney now has the full rights to Star
Wars with the purchase of Fox only owned
sequel and merch rights before do you or
will we see the D specialized editions
Shaq we haven't seen them already right
4k of the og trilogy they know they'll
make money you'll see it yeah they may
wait until the next movies is coming out
for the hype factor sure actually
oh yeah know though there'll be a mega
box said it's gonna cost me some time
I need to there'll be a mega box set
with the original trilogy and you know
knowing Disney and knowing how they love
money though they'll wait till the until
Episode nine is out right and then
they'll say they'll sell you the
complete Star Wars saga
sure Episode one through nine and that
will be the only place you can get the
theatrical cut of the original all three
they wait the opposite nine comes out
yeah they say they complete the
completed trilogy a complete but you
know one through nine yeah and then they
wait a year and then they sell the
special D special you know it you
fucking know it
so every every one on their shelf will
have that it cuz it'll be not like an
amazing case you like yeah a display
case and then they'll make you buy the D
special yeah yeah yeah yeah you're
probably right
stop giving them ideas they've done
they're doing it already
there's someone in a room with a
calculator right now just figuring out
when the exact date of release is no
we're not making Disney sound like an
evil corporation we're making them sound
like a corporation which also happens to
mean they're evil sorry jack
they're just making money man they're
just they're our corporation and their
only interest is making money I didn't
even realize I'm stepping on your line
you I'm in full Dead Rising mode you
were the line you were stepping on was
what I was gonna say I know I realize
that I realized that after I started
speaking and I'm sorry that's okay
that's okay you know the point was made
rich the point was made which is they
care about money they don't care about
you as a person they don't care about
cultivating you as
as a valued consumer you give them money
and they want your money
evil
you know that's shades of gray my friend
but yes somewhere in there
they're gonna find a really nice way to
give us the theatrical release of the
original Star Wars trilogy and
everybody's gonna buy it
maybe they'll I have something more
insidious rich yeah they're only
available on the Disney streaming
service and you have to sign up for the
Disney Store yeah but you can watch the
original uncut theatrical version of the
original Star Wars trilogy if you have
Disney's streaming service that's more
Disney calling to hire Jack in less than
three minutes oh and I'll go no paid
they'll pay me
they will that's uh but no I mean it's
it'll be a lot like CBS all access you
know they're they're holding on to the
good stuff they know people want to
watch the Star Trek so they put it on
their streaming service although I do
hear that you know they the the deal
with Jordan Peele to get a Twilight Zone
well they're giving it to Jordan Peele
okay which is exciting because he's a
good filmmaker
and rumor has it that it's also going to
CBS all access so that's that could be
nice
Disney streaming will have my attention
only if it includes ESPN ESPN isn't part
of the sale I know Disney already owns
ESPN no ESPN has its own streaming shit
well not just because of get out get
outs a good movie but have you ever
watched key and Peele they have some
incredibly cinematic sketches that's
that was their whole shtick watch any of
the comedy sketches on Key & Peele
they are they I have a filmic quality to
them whoops that man makes a good scene
all right anonymous says hey guys can't
think of anything interesting to ask but
hope your 2018 is going alright are LM
really spoiled us with all the non-stop
content this past month a good winter to
be a fan it's over now
welcome to the dry spell motherfucker
hope you enjoy the weather lasted a
prick
you filthy prick ah that's fine
everything's fine fine so far so good
2018 I guess no complaints
anonymous says hello guys excited for
vanam
not one little bit honestly not even I'm
not even a microscopic a little bit I
know so little about it I don't care one
of other than visually one of
spider-man's least interesting villains
well there are they're bringing like the
symbiote squad to this or it's gonna
have carnage and it's gonna yeah it's
it's you who knows I'm no I have no
height for the venom movie yeah you got
Tom Hardy who's a good actor but yeah
good actor reading shit lines and still
someone reading shit lines
stop it supposedly the homecoming movies
are part of the spider-verse but the
Sony spin-offs are not technically part
of the MCU confusing yes yes it's gonna
get a little confusing
look you've won chatted them control aim
with that aim with that controller man I
know it's the worst I can see the
struggle on the screen I just point at
the thing like I should be able to like
any any human being should be able to
there is mouse support for the game but
you hate you cannot go back and forth
you have to choose I don't spend that
much time shooting at things honestly
most of the things I do on this game a
controller is more comfortable so I deal
with it yeah
you cannot hot-swap back and forth
between controller and mouse and
keyboard you're gonna drill that drill
and drill the drill nice you did it rich
you did it
is this the steam version yeah but you
said really this is just a port from the
games for Windows this is what I was
originally on yeah I think playing this
at all for a while was a hassle because
of that yeah yeah games for Windows Live
will you be in a stopping point any time
what do you mean I think I'm ready
you're ready to go I think so okay let
me I'm running on fumes give me about 30
minutes I want to finish this case I'm
on now but I also want to get to slappy
because Slappy's fun is that okay you
can start reading names now I'm fine
with that
I'll just start reading names I don't
think I can actually do to do so what I
gotta go do this and I'm gonna do this
and then I get that
nice yeah well I'll start reading names
connected is it switched for five I
think we've only been streaming for four
hours we started at a little before six
so five six yeah we we've been streaming
for for four hours yeah run enough
I'm not running on farts I'm running on
fumes I had got very little sleep last
night because of the immense horrible or
the horrible situation that happened
yesterday just drinking craft beer all
day and and eating some of the most
delicious cheese's that a man will come
across a rough rough day and I hate to
take away left4dead time or a dead
rising time how long have I been playing
what time we start we start early - shit
you've been playing for four hours it
doesn't feel like it at all right it
does not feel like it at all but they
can tell that's how I feel about Dead
Rising yeah no we've been going for four
hours and by the way you're having a
decent run here I am I am a few close
o'clock Oh a few close calls but
ultimately a decent take these last guys
out no do it with style and then we're
gonna go to slap it
don't forget then we could be done yeah
that's fine motorcycle bike
the Colson guys the motorcycle quite
alright you get my chainsaws in the
motorcycle bike because of course
that's great that's great and um I know
that's wrong what you know I don't think
what you can call me especially so
oh I missed that one right through drop
hey grenades they threw one blow up this
Vanda in this particular mission sure
sure easier if I had a grenade let's see
here
where where where okay oh subscribers
I'll start thinking about yeah it feels
like man I like atomic mousetrap for 16
months in a row says I won't be here to
read this so here's a message for the me
watching this on YouTube
you're an idiot mouse trap mr. John
David Smith honeybee 2 0 to 3 flying dog
77 fuck my lead or possibly suck my lead
because it's it's the letter v so it
could be 5 up you know fuck or it could
look like an S and B suck probably suck
I know it could be either mr. L offense
for 16 months in a row Brown Adam
Sandler for 13 months in a row who says
love you guys and the content rich Evans
yes is a national treasure
yes and I guess Jack you're okay too lol
fm see hey this Biddy needs to settle
down
where we at where we at rhythm gardener
says hey rich did you ever get to play
the XCOM retro game
xena nuts I never did I should PS keep
on being awesome guys do be sandwich
says another month another job lost but
I'll keep coming here for an occasional
laugh one way or another we'll have our
way take care of yourselves no extra
filler sorry
if you lost another job do be sandwich
or if that was a quote from something
I'm not sure if feminine for twenty
three fucking months in a row
Justin Harmon for 44 motherfucking
months in a row shop and the shop for 15
months in a row ima 420 are says ooh ooh
ah ah ting tang walla walla bing bang i
went to the witch doctor and this is
what he said
why did he go to the widget actor
because some lady broke his heart and
that usually what it is right and some
lady don't want to date me so I went to
the witch doctor gave me a little pill
he said have her drink it down
but don't tell me the details so I have
plausible deniability Hui Bingbing where
were we we were at gents Roberto who
says thanks for the stream guys always
great hey rich can you do me a favor can
you yell why is everything on fucking
fire
why is everything on fucking fire Shan
that make your life worth it
apparently it did that was that's all I
wanted for 28 fucking months in a row
says I don't have a jacket or daughter I
must be so unrelatable to modern video
game players like who even are you as a
person you need to have a cool jacket
and or a daughter I don't hate this
character but he's so lazily conceived
and I think that's a fair way to put it
robble Duff mr. K P H la p dog one
discipline daddy starbase one knowledge
junkie man tequila's for 16 months in a
row well um 16 months would you look at
that just look at that alright hold on
for a bit slappy
you're just that's right you started the
outbreak nobody it wasn't me
he's on rollerskates this is beautiful
just wait for it
gasoline into a water pistol
congratulations Capcom you're doing it
no just you know a poor sad person
screaming and crying in a mascot mask
that's smiling like that is beautiful i
stunned him and I got hit by a zombie
open I didn't mean to throw that I need
oh no I just read you some of my health
an accident
Oh nope nope nope
who
you know I can we're just not doing it
very good
at all look does that give you more
health
for those who didn't hear he just said
I'm a little teapot I wanted to end the
stream with that well playing oh my god
we were gonna go on a date tonight
that's beautiful that's some death to
smoochy shit right there
fucking bunch and now you can make a
flamethrower that's great let's see what
we got here we got a new rug Ben who
says nothing witty for my seventh
consecutive month of remembering to
manually recent ride with magical free
Amazon money
thanks guys Thank You Nurik Ben voodoo
mama gonzo Harald fairhair for 16 months
in a row who's his hi guys we watched
this show gee Tabuchi best of the worst
and found out his theater had a fire in
2017 and closed down but his website
says it will reopen in 2018
Oh show G CK nephal says go hacks tiny
dwarf who says I'm just looking for my
tiny
they're from a giant dwarf partner I
can't help you they're looking for a
giant or by the way there's this one of
the in-game dildos by the way massage no
that's a massager
totally different
oh and it's in the tanning bed yeah yeah
Lynette making it work girl making it
work all right what do we got here we
got Magnus PU for 3600 look it didn't
even leave for 36 motherfucking months
in a row Magnus PU whoa
and Magnus Pugh says three fucking years
thanks for all the entertainment guys
here's to three more firmer Phipps
Darkwing schmuck says since you guys
have seemed to understandably softened
on the Phoenix of Rights due to its
linear story driven game play I thought
I suggest the creator's other
lesser-known but arguably even better
Ghost Trick phantom detective it's more
game II got the phantom detective okay
yeah well check it out Dan the Sacher oh
every Ossa who says eight months I
turned eight on eight 888 oh my god
scenery yourselves recipients of my
eights luck there you go what is she
doing
I'm just she's leaning over him she's
sunburned she was in the tanning bed for
like two days
Oh some insanely long time okay so she's
extremely sunburned she probably has all
kinds of horrible cancer but because I
just you know like didn't any was she
going to the bathroom like what
she doing rim zeeshan riot crew 443
motherfucking months in a row this is
good lord that's a lot of months that is
that's top ramens 435 fucking months in
a row who says why is the rlm website
down being worked on J's working up a
backup don't worry about it don't worry
about everything is fine she's working
on it
top men top men dr. arbitrary Owen
Thunder guns who says Jack any update on
the bail voiceover batman the animated
series episode no I haven't worked on it
I should work on it I think actually you
know my problem was I oh but I figured
out a way around that yeah I couldn't
get it I couldn't get a clean rip and
even when I even when I took your
digital copy yeah it didn't it didn't
transfer right would you want my disc my
DVD I have the DVD but then my I use
handbrake to rip dvds for footage
necessary for educational purposes and
it wasn't working for some reason but I
got a new one because I was ripping
other things okay you know what I'm
officially on it officially on it uh
rock slow cue Knights Manny the Vera
King who says Jay might like a weird
surreal Incheon game called hilux nope
Jay doesn't play games he's just he just
doesn't I'm sorry Maximilian dude rune B
for 20 fucking months in a row valiant
blood shot here in XP Oh
Douce who says hey everyone I rarely get
to watch these streams live but here I
am or but I am here now I get it
Cana kawase you have a lot war on God
for 14 months in a row hartree-fock ER
for 16 months in a row Bocking barrel
Rin lung
Fresno Bob for 16 months in a row great
artist
Neil Breen yeah yeah yeah
quality pixel WT cross pers William
Thomas ed 'land says I just clicked a
button that was free for me so read this
I think you should remake angels with
filthy souls the home alone gangster
movie okay with rich as the keep the
change you filthy animals animals keep
the change of the animals lol one two my
10 midnight hero four twenty six fuckin
months in a row usury named for 39
motherfucking months in a row who says
everyone else in Minnesota was watching
the game tonight the sports game there
were sports games after taking a peek at
the final score I'm happy for choosing
this my condolences it was a total
massacre very sorry username do Dean and
such set cheer mo 87 and let's see if
anyone else did it
let's scroll down to the bottom tell me
if you could yeah yes trick astir who
says hey guys trike stirrer
maybe trike stir fleet would Zachary who
says seems good
Gino suave for 13 months in a row who
says too late for a shout-out but that's
ok thanks for this dreams we got Gino
suave we got you give us moon for 29
fucking months in a row and Trevor would
kinda thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
you just barge in at the last minute
there to get to thank you
