Episode 944
Dead Rising Fail
January 29, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aH9W-GLtNXg
___________________________________________

[A] 

[B] Oh slightly you can't hide behind that
good that's it buddy you've got a little
monster breathing hard grab this before
I forgot about that
my plate last time
now
you'll be able to put his sorry creator
of a breath into the truck
no problem perfect see that's a big WOW
I don't teach that pitiful goop sack to
slime
paving and by extension II perhaps the
place sitting disturbed still pretty
much ready full go for the Rodriguez
blowout ballroom
did you see the reveal Cooper Jason and
the Jason X map for 5:15 no I did not
seems to be your problem thanks to me I
figure they're gonna pull that out of
there but sooner or later recruit here
the festivities can now proceed in an
entirely ghost-free environment so
you're welcome and to the Rodriguez hola
hi I'm from the ghost busters nice of
you guys to join us you grab the little
spud ray we need to have a heart to blob
talk with this health robots are a bit
of a disappointment kidding that's under
mark that's that's exactly what I was
expecting for their single-player
content play look let the nice thing
about the Friday the 13th single-player
BOTS as dumb as they may be is just
getting to do the fun Jason kills and
that's that's fine that's what I expect
nice screaming
look at that trap lousy ghosts
yes
all right again when I was younger
thank Minh used to be my favorite but
now that I'm older
like like rainy gone more
why try it again
that wasn't such a sure now was it nice
no he's a straight man but I love
Winston so much I'm not all alike and
Winston I never said I disliked
Winston's character no need to worry sir
as you know the mayor Road to office on
a strictly Pro Ghostbusters platform we
now invoice the city directly for all
captures and eliminations and unhaunted
New York is a tourist friendly New York
no but damage the mayor in the city have
taken out an extensive insurance policy
as well so you're covered honestly I'm
sensing some hostility here perhaps we
should just leave the ghost here
that's where you would prefer sir fill
this game one does a great deal of
camaraderie count discrete god this
Russian is our prefer loitering that the
cartoon crater would Slimer is a friend
and Ally ah I suppose we should go after
him unless you want to discuss it first
Slimer was was on the and the cartoons
I'm it was on the border of being an
entertainer German on the border
certainly by the time they did the
Slimer cartoon-like on his own he was he
was in full scrappydew territory the
Slimer solo adventures
registered you see the new design of the
millennium why do you care about this
stupid movie
yeah they redesigned the Falcon so they
could sell the toys or maybe they just
felt like doing it it doesn't really
matter
what if we did I know I'm spoke I know
I'm supposed to go the other I just
don't forget about this thing
this section here is actually probably a
pretty decent candidate for me dying if
I died this early I'll probably just
restart
these guys knocked me down there's none
of the other ghostbusters around to pick
me up
let's do some upgrading
shit
what
I think I survived where's jack he went
to do holiday stuff he may never return
he'll be back
I didn't - masseter wish I wish the
Dodge were a bit more responsive than
this I had a complaint that would be
Eddie
good work you all did enrich finish this
game earlier but now I'm trying to do it
without dying might really be the right
person for this job yes you have
destroyed a significant section of a
five-star New York hotel in just under
three hours your mother and I are so
proud play Gears of War it's like this
but better controls and no jokes well it
it doesn't have better controls because
you can't play it with a mouse
some type of lighting focused at the
market animator to be what you familiar
objects which selfless and materially
manifest strange
the latest gears came out on Windows but
the latest gears is too boring
really lame enemies in the new year
the whole long section we're fighting
the drones and gears for pure ass pure
ass
only trap
forks whine at me but when knives and
forks become a big angry giant that's
really me not liking it a lot happens
every day right anybody here from said
amore but first I was I either but we
had to make do with this new specimen
here
turbo Jesus 5,000 you might add about
her earlier this game is not on Steam
anymore but I have not tested this
supposedly I have read you can still buy
a digital version of this game for the
PC on gamestop on their website on
GameStop's website especially you can
still redeem that on Steam but the key
they give you so you might still be able
to buy this game and stop it that cheap
confection rape weren't you gonna finish
up the install of the super slammer
today and exciting I mean against the
minions of God I have not tested if this
works maybe on Travis maybe you can
download it but you can't get a nun
Steam and it's a weird version that
doesn't work I don't I don't know
anything about that guys don't know I'm
just read this as a thing who can do
what are we the FDA will have to clear a
path through this mess first
yet booming this residue is animating
Geordie help us stay up to somehow
hatching these many minions for
themselves
well there's paranormal physiology for
you
rich supply of the next voice actor of
Mickey Mouse
Cooper swept thro obligation capture the
slammer
you can relinquish
I'd read it in when you were alive
you're worse
No
what's it
this particular ghosts are very
dangerous
you're only encouraging them Faceman we
need to have a talk about holler oh god
I so should have dodged that
Oh
f13 I'll play Friday the 13th forbid if
I'd died in this is that it's not too
late
sad mark hamill mark hamill was a man
who was worried about his legacy he was
Luke Skywalker in the best movie he ever
made and I'm sure he's terribly worried
about the poor reception of the last
Jedi has gotten amongst many of the fans
that's the Star Wars that that's what
he's gonna be fuckin were known for
forever and I was in the seminary goes
he doesn't want to sully that what
I'm
Tim lousy hobo ghosts
can't lose Winston
yeah
if I'd died which came in like at a
switch - you're assuming a lot further
2772 six I'm back after my sabbatical
hello everyone we need to find a witch's
mess get anything good for Christmas I
got stabbed and also got a new headset
and keyboard really I got I got some
Super Mario Brothers one fridge magnets
nobody knows what the hell to get me for
Christmas
apparently I'm really hard to shop for
AJ pimp souls is hey rich glad to see
you streaming once more before the end
of the year the other day you said
Elle's best of the worst was your
favorite what's your favorite random
arlynn vid fiction vid been hurt and
yeah hurt do we call that video Ben
wrote another way you talkin about
etc it's probably still the oldest one
look a lot of it was because I was there
and I remember how fun it was having
that discussion so I'm biased but I
still gotta give it to who's the old
Santa Claus National Lampoon's Christmas
vacation to video that's a sabbatical
it's like a vacation like a long
vacation
100% of the event and I will 100% need
that I said way back nicely done
great job kid yeah combustible gasoline
it's the future Egon once again on the
super slammer I before it's a prototype
Peter you recall the memo from you about
getting too many memos on prototypes
well I did right there we mounted a high
expansion rapid cycle multiple post
absorber it's faster and larger than
okay okay potentially but our exposure
to interdimensional deities has been
only marginal today so it would be wise
to anticipate some error
we should type elephants somebody needs
to go
I got places to go people to me we get
out of here
Hindenburg opera wasn't that show shut
down when the stage caught fire and
killed the cast I didn't really like the
low speed and chase in the space but I
like the movie overall alright I didn't
particularly love the movie overall but
I don't I don't understand what's
inherently so bad about the the slow
space chase plot oh my God we're gonna
run out of gas that's that's a very real
threat and making them run out of gas
was a valid military tactic black slime
black slime is a hazardous form of
ectoplasmic residue toxic to both body
and soul characters whirring a lot of
fuel when a Star Wars movie is beard
yeah weird and boots sufficient enough
to insulate against the Star Wars is a
shitty universe and when you would try
to apply logic to it it falls apart
the first order could have just warped
ahead of them and cut them off yeah but
they didn't have to in fact in family
warping ahead to cut them off okay if if
the first order worked a few ships I had
to cut them off they would have they
would have forced a battle to happen and
that might have incurred some losses on
the new orders part but if they just
hang back and let them run out of fuel
they just pick them off when they're
sitting there like like big ducks they
don't they don't lose any Thai fighters
they don't risk losing a big capital
ship and an engagement the first order
strategy there made sense
that's not defending the movie I didn't
really like the movie that much but I
will defend their tactics in that
particular situation
you want it back Peter you better take
what's that supposed to mean I'm a
chubby chaser take out one month girl a
blind date
like of personalities and you guys

[B] Oh slightly you can't hide behind that
good that's it buddy you've got a little
monster breathing hard grab this before
I forgot about that
my plate last time
now
you'll be able to put his sorry creator
of a breath into the truck
no problem perfect see that's a big WOW
I don't teach that pitiful goop sack to
slime
paving and by extension II perhaps the
place sitting disturbed still pretty
much ready full go for the Rodriguez
blowout ballroom
did you see the reveal Cooper Jason and
the Jason X map for 5:15 no I did not
seems to be your problem thanks to me I
figure they're gonna pull that out of
there but sooner or later recruit here
the festivities can now proceed in an
entirely ghost-free environment so
you're welcome and to the Rodriguez hola
hi I'm from the ghost busters nice of
you guys to join us you grab the little
spud ray we need to have a heart to blob
talk with this health robots are a bit
of a disappointment kidding that's under
mark that's that's exactly what I was
expecting for their single-player
content play look let the nice thing
about the Friday the 13th single-player
BOTS as dumb as they may be is just
getting to do the fun Jason kills and
that's that's fine that's what I expect
nice screaming
look at that trap lousy ghosts
yes
all right again when I was younger
thank Minh used to be my favorite but
now that I'm older
like like rainy gone more
why try it again
that wasn't such a sure now was it nice
no he's a straight man but I love
Winston so much I'm not all alike and
Winston I never said I disliked
Winston's character no need to worry sir
as you know the mayor Road to office on
a strictly Pro Ghostbusters platform we
now invoice the city directly for all
captures and eliminations and unhaunted
New York is a tourist friendly New York
no but damage the mayor in the city have
taken out an extensive insurance policy
as well so you're covered honestly I'm
sensing some hostility here perhaps we
should just leave the ghost here
that's where you would prefer sir fill
this game one does a great deal of
camaraderie count discrete god this
Russian is our prefer loitering that the
cartoon crater would Slimer is a friend
and Ally ah I suppose we should go after
him unless you want to discuss it first
Slimer was was on the and the cartoons
I'm it was on the border of being an
entertainer German on the border
certainly by the time they did the
Slimer cartoon-like on his own he was he
was in full scrappydew territory the
Slimer solo adventures
registered you see the new design of the
millennium why do you care about this
stupid movie
yeah they redesigned the Falcon so they
could sell the toys or maybe they just
felt like doing it it doesn't really
matter
what if we did I know I'm spoke I know
I'm supposed to go the other I just
don't forget about this thing
this section here is actually probably a
pretty decent candidate for me dying if
I died this early I'll probably just
restart
these guys knocked me down there's none
of the other ghostbusters around to pick
me up
let's do some upgrading
shit
what
I think I survived where's jack he went
to do holiday stuff he may never return
he'll be back
I didn't - masseter wish I wish the
Dodge were a bit more responsive than
this I had a complaint that would be
Eddie
good work you all did enrich finish this
game earlier but now I'm trying to do it
without dying might really be the right
person for this job yes you have
destroyed a significant section of a
five-star New York hotel in just under
three hours your mother and I are so
proud play Gears of War it's like this
but better controls and no jokes well it
it doesn't have better controls because
you can't play it with a mouse
some type of lighting focused at the
market animator to be what you familiar
objects which selfless and materially
manifest strange
the latest gears came out on Windows but
the latest gears is too boring
really lame enemies in the new year
the whole long section we're fighting
the drones and gears for pure ass pure
ass
only trap
forks whine at me but when knives and
forks become a big angry giant that's
really me not liking it a lot happens
every day right anybody here from said
amore but first I was I either but we
had to make do with this new specimen
here
turbo Jesus 5,000 you might add about
her earlier this game is not on Steam
anymore but I have not tested this
supposedly I have read you can still buy
a digital version of this game for the
PC on gamestop on their website on
GameStop's website especially you can
still redeem that on Steam but the key
they give you so you might still be able
to buy this game and stop it that cheap
confection rape weren't you gonna finish
up the install of the super slammer
today and exciting I mean against the
minions of God I have not tested if this
works maybe on Travis maybe you can
download it but you can't get a nun
Steam and it's a weird version that
doesn't work I don't I don't know
anything about that guys don't know I'm
just read this as a thing who can do
what are we the FDA will have to clear a
path through this mess first
yet booming this residue is animating
Geordie help us stay up to somehow
hatching these many minions for
themselves
well there's paranormal physiology for
you
rich supply of the next voice actor of
Mickey Mouse
Cooper swept thro obligation capture the
slammer
you can relinquish
I'd read it in when you were alive
you're worse
No
what's it
this particular ghosts are very
dangerous
you're only encouraging them Faceman we
need to have a talk about holler oh god
I so should have dodged that
Oh
f13 I'll play Friday the 13th forbid if
I'd died in this is that it's not too
late
sad mark hamill mark hamill was a man
who was worried about his legacy he was
Luke Skywalker in the best movie he ever
made and I'm sure he's terribly worried
about the poor reception of the last
Jedi has gotten amongst many of the fans
that's the Star Wars that that's what
he's gonna be fuckin were known for
forever and I was in the seminary goes
he doesn't want to sully that what
I'm
Tim lousy hobo ghosts
can't lose Winston
yeah
if I'd died which came in like at a
switch - you're assuming a lot further
2772 six I'm back after my sabbatical
hello everyone we need to find a witch's
mess get anything good for Christmas I
got stabbed and also got a new headset
and keyboard really I got I got some
Super Mario Brothers one fridge magnets
nobody knows what the hell to get me for
Christmas
apparently I'm really hard to shop for
AJ pimp souls is hey rich glad to see
you streaming once more before the end
of the year the other day you said
Elle's best of the worst was your
favorite what's your favorite random
arlynn vid fiction vid been hurt and
yeah hurt do we call that video Ben
wrote another way you talkin about
etc it's probably still the oldest one
look a lot of it was because I was there
and I remember how fun it was having
that discussion so I'm biased but I
still gotta give it to who's the old
Santa Claus National Lampoon's Christmas
vacation to video that's a sabbatical
it's like a vacation like a long
vacation
100% of the event and I will 100% need
that I said way back nicely done
great job kid yeah combustible gasoline
it's the future Egon once again on the
super slammer I before it's a prototype
Peter you recall the memo from you about
getting too many memos on prototypes
well I did right there we mounted a high
expansion rapid cycle multiple post
absorber it's faster and larger than
okay okay potentially but our exposure
to interdimensional deities has been
only marginal today so it would be wise
to anticipate some error
we should type elephants somebody needs
to go
I got places to go people to me we get
out of here
Hindenburg opera wasn't that show shut
down when the stage caught fire and
killed the cast I didn't really like the
low speed and chase in the space but I
like the movie overall alright I didn't
particularly love the movie overall but
I don't I don't understand what's
inherently so bad about the the slow
space chase plot oh my God we're gonna
run out of gas that's that's a very real
threat and making them run out of gas
was a valid military tactic black slime
black slime is a hazardous form of
ectoplasmic residue toxic to both body
and soul characters whirring a lot of
fuel when a Star Wars movie is beard
yeah weird and boots sufficient enough
to insulate against the Star Wars is a
shitty universe and when you would try
to apply logic to it it falls apart
the first order could have just warped
ahead of them and cut them off yeah but
they didn't have to in fact in family
warping ahead to cut them off okay if if
the first order worked a few ships I had
to cut them off they would have they
would have forced a battle to happen and
that might have incurred some losses on
the new orders part but if they just
hang back and let them run out of fuel
they just pick them off when they're
sitting there like like big ducks they
don't they don't lose any Thai fighters
they don't risk losing a big capital
ship and an engagement the first order
strategy there made sense
that's not defending the movie I didn't
really like the movie that much but I
will defend their tactics in that
particular situation
you want it back Peter you better take
what's that supposed to mean I'm a
chubby chaser take out one month girl a
blind date
like of personalities and you guys

[C] old guy TJ Bertolo he should just have a
throwaway line about some guy who stole
his identity that's how you address it
like those dukes I got the zombie dukes
there
going to the hotel
like that look at that go through the
crowds like it's nothing like it's
nothing
skateboards are helpful as fuck early
actually don't know where skateboards
are in this game I've never run across
one
I think Keiji Inafune a where's the
director on this one even though this
game was made by the Canadian studio
outside the casino plenty of skateboards
which I need to know where you got that
tape from and who your sources reporters
don't reveal their sources
privileged my ass that wasn't me on the
tape I'm being set up
why should I believe you you don't have
to but you want the big story right help
me out and I'll give you an interview
with the prime suspect it has to be an
exclusive sure doesn't matter to me I
can't tell you my source but there is a
central security room they'll be footage
of everything that happened there I can
show you where it is what it's a start
at least are we gonna need your crew I
guess they just didn't want it bad
enough
all right hurry up hurry up yeah we got
things to do
so the normal chain saws suck in this
game I miss I miss dead rising ones big
red chainsaw continual damage you can
move while using it that rising -
chainsaw sucks
better get used to that view Chuck you
hope I don't have to do everything for
you chat none of the chainsaws actually
there's only one normal chainsaw in this
game I like the Dead Rising 1 chainsaw
there's a combo chainsaw you can make in
this that's like a or what - chainsaw is
in either end that's not quite the same
either you move so slow while carrying
it it's it's got its uses you'll see me
use it it's actually pretty good on some
of the bosses the paddles soft
yes mediocre is the best way to describe
Dead Rising 3 the game that decided it
didn't like being a Dead Rising game
so no Dead Rising 3 no death run coming
in the future it wouldn't be a challenge
Dead Rising 3 no death would not be a
challenge my first time through the game
I had a no death run going up until the
game crashed and somehow corrupted my
save halfway was more than halfway
through what is it what's wrong
wait who is the leader I guess
here we go all right this this book I
grabbed that's gonna give me 25%
experience point boost for saving
survivors and doing things related to
the survivors and somebody asked earlier
why I grabbed the comb
so Rebecca is Frank West in this game
basically yes
Rebecca is the Frank West
right those are so good a problem with
the audio is there some kind of problem
with the audio I got somebody saying I
can hear the game and somebody else
saying dammit I'm deaf
no audio is fine alright
all right Chad we happen somewhere
around here Jen I don't think I need to
finish talking to her because I've seen
you spawn on your own before Chad so
where the fuck are you
you missed the Mega Man armor in this
game shame Chuck only gets the ghosts
and ghouls armor I happen to like ghosts
and ghouls those
yeah we find step rising - hmm just need
the parts all right yes you already
saved yourself
and the escorts are kind of lamer in
this but I'll take it over Dead Rising 3
& 4 they don't even really bother it's
so satisfying saving people in these
games and in Dead Rising 3 it's just
it's just not kill all the zombies
around them and then the person runs
away I don't know I don't know man
I dropped my drop the fireworks I don't
need him I don't need no goofy fireworks
head that way you can shoot at the
zombies you don't have to just wave at
me Chad
stick with me
follow those times I'm trying to do this
yeah
goodgoodgood
good
good yeah yeah we did it almost did it
did it that's how we crash for a second
check and one it wasn't that all of the
escorts would attack the zombie some
would refuse the escorts and one and the
brilliance of one is they had their own
personalities some were too terrified to
move
the Ford I don't need it right now
by the way that you see the zombies
follow her and the gumballs little small
little little details in life
yes I was just looting
so he tried to get father of the years
and achievement yet I've already I've
already gotten it
nope talk to our chef Thiam the goofing
around in my goofing around talking lady
get in the bike clock's ticking as Dead
Rising 2 I got time
I keep close
we're doing great by the way
no the Brandon that's that's the big
hurdle in this game I'm not strong
enough by the time I do the Brandon
fight
yeah finish triggering the story sure
listen to my kick you out when you got
here Sullivan I had nothing to do with
this I saw it on the TV saw you buddy
explain how that little trick works
wasn't me on the table it was someone in
my show outfit it was Brandon don't see
you here whether you believe me or not
I've got three days till the military
gets here to prove that I'm innocent how
does this compare to the first day I've
barely finished the original game but
always had a blast murdering hordes of
his own binos your what's wrong with
this franchise you'd probably like this
one more it's a good game I don't like
it as much as Dead Rising one because
it's not as challenging at least as far
as the timer and the escort missions are
concerned it's just it's not as
challenging it's not a satisfying no one
what was that all about he watches too
much TV tell me you found something we
went to central security but somebody
got there before us everything was
smashed all the tapes were gone
hey no footage of my daughter Stacy I'm
Rebecca Chang channel 6 Action News I'm
here to help
oh you'll forgive me if I don't think
it's very helpful that you accused my
organization of a crime we didn't commit
look I don't know what's going on here
but clearly things are not as they seem
I put out the information I had at the
time remember you can have all the
exclusives you want if you help us
figure out what's going on here
works for me whether you're innocent or
guilty I just want the truth
thanks for the vote of confidence but
okay we'll work together I'll keep an
eye on these monitors
I'll let you know if I see anything

[D] nice yes you leave your daughter in the
same room as a tiger it's silly but as I
said before that's that's kind of an
easter egg more than an accurate
representation of the tone of the story
in this game that's fine
always a little bit of time doing this
yeah
yes I did give the tiger to my daughter
as a present
careful never changes clothes and
60-plus hours yeah a lot of the outfits
are just silly it's a waste of time I
don't mind I don't mind the default
outfit
by the way the the occasional zombie
that actually starts running at you is
is really kind of freaky what none of
the other ones do it
I'm not sure other than our other than
killing a looter and getting one I'm not
sure of a great spot in this game to
find a flashlight which is kind of like
right now
I know one spawns in one of the
maintenance rooms I just I don't
remember which one and I'm not sure how
out of the way it is what are my
thoughts on Dead Rising 3 they stripped
almost everything that was unique about
the franchise out of it in order to
appeal to a larger audience and it's
stupid and it's easy and it gets boring
shortly it's not that bad I'm making it
sound worse than it probably really is
but it's so crap compared to the other
two Dead Rising Games
don't
Oh how about that how about that right
here
up
I'm sure you guys will love this
yes you tape some gems on to a
flashlight
and you get a lightsaber
changes color a little bit randomly when
you switch back and forth between it
oh is that the only choice baseball if
I'm gonna look at the poster for the
Lambo
it's something with it what I need to
hold on weapons have durability in this
for fuck's sake
I'm not sure what kind of damage the
lightsaber does on bosses I kind of
think the machete taped to a broom
handle does decent damage so I'm gonna
hold on to that basically I'm worried
about the upcoming Brandon fight cuz
that's gonna eat up a lot of my time
when do I read tips when Adam won't get
around to it
it's a solo stream this is a different
beast I'm glad you took for zooming
attempting alright I'll read them at
some point just not not consistently all
night this this stream would last
forever if I did that
Changez outfit already there's nothing
else like it worth it isn't just stupid
see that's the lightsabers dangerous I'm
gonna more damage on him than I am
anything else you have to admit it Dead
Rising 2 has a much better lightsaber
battles than Dead Rising 1 there's the
thing there is a lightsaber in Dead
Rising 1 if you get the 5 day survivor
you survive for five days in infinite
mode it unlocks a lightsaber that spawns
in the security room you can pick up a
new one whenever you go to the security
room
you're getting too aggressive grandpa
stay right there
all right all right they're not doing
Tibet doing stupid things
wait there
we're doing good now once moving at a
good clip
faster
you go there stay over there
still there follow me
next it might be the hardest escort in
the whole game
that's not that bad
that flashlight is not very durable
isn't that right so this way
judge did you really give up on
discovery yes
I don't know why that should be so
shocking if you're not particularly
enjoying something don't keep doing it
I don't think the magazines help with
the combo weapon durability z' though
right
we're doing okay
really
I know big stress done before game
oh that's a good experience that's for
that my laser source already broken I'm
not taking it I can use this though
let's bless 500 points yes
durability spot durability is crap
alright it's fine
let's say forgive that guy some food
so they're very unlucky him there you
sevenish
why are you following me here
well damn it all right I didn't work out
it's not gonna be a perfect run
you fucking kicked his ass rich no he
got hit by a zombie from behind you have
to beat up a little bit to get to talk
to uh to recruit him to ours that's
now that's a lot of backtracking
still there
stay right there I told them to stay
behind I don't know why the game ignored
that command that's irritating you know
I want to reach I want to restart but
it's too fucking late
it's it's too fucking late
come on stay close
hurry okay
fuck
you wait there sorry your husband's dead
the wine
hey you okay
this is boss fight I'm worried about
we're late enough I'm not restarting by
the way if I die this is it playing for
nearly two hours that's that's a lot
I've got to go back and do stuff again
so did he in effect himself
not quite he's got that girl tied up
down there for a reason though
to the reefer about his voice
no stop
he was not doing as much damage as I
would like
yeah this weapon don't suck balls that's
what I got I was thinking it would do
more damage there ended up doing ya know
and I'm briefly caught in a loop
oh okay it does do decent damage if I
use the heavier attack

[E] 

[F] 

[G] 

[H] 

[I] 
