Episode 945
MECHenations (Titanfall 2 part 1)
January 30, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ic20vtSQ-j8
___________________________________________

we are of good what 20 minutes early
rich at least 20 minutes early we are at
least 20 minutes early they probably
assumed we were going to be late so
really we're like a half-hour yeah yeah
so have you been jack what's going on
I've been I've been great rich I've been
I have an image I'm gonna post a Twitter
probably when I get home which is the 11
separate copyright strikes we got for
our Tony Hawk stream that's stupid 11
copyright notices nut strikes we didn't
get any strikes we got 11 copyright
notices from like five different
companies yeah yeah so oh also I'm not
on screen oh yeah nobody wanted to see
you know I did the you did the solo
specialist which I heard I heard slappy
I was checking in on the stream every
once in a while and I heard slappy got
the better of you yeah just a little bit
not there's a middle ground program Jack
could you get me on the big screen if I
can there is no middle ground with
exploit rich it's good you know the snap
two features are handy yeah but
sometimes I just want ya to move a
little bit how's that down there right
that's the spot that's the perfect spot
I want to be able to like put my hands
over this thing
I was checking in a little bit on your
solo stream you were going for a no
death run yeah Dead Rising 2 died and
you died after four plus hours though
that's pretty good that was pretty bad I
did worse than I did in my practice
running the stream before where I didn't
die I just kind of we just kind of ended
it right yeah
no no so you got to try again yes you
know wanted a win right
they want to stream it too often I think
I threw a monkey wrench into the movie
Dix plan jab we love it that you know
like all shit riches stream it we you
know it's great that you guys are a
little community but obviously we're
streaming is gonna take priority over
the movie Dix not to what they do it
every night now I think there's
something going on there is usually
something I'm not putting you down right
now what I'm actually doing is
advertising for you for when these go up
in YouTube we didn't watch YouTube might
not have any idea that on non streaming
night the chat frequently gets together
and the chat room on twitch watches
movies together and that's a plug you
talk prism you chat about the movies
that you're watching in our little chat
here
you disrespected movie dicks absolutely
absolutely all right
we start this here Titan factor
yes they're usually bad movies yes
you guys hear the game yeah
so yeah you know we're do we're doing
all right we're having we're having a
good for all the things I've seen on the
battle if you'd like we can talk
primarily about true dominant forking in
boxes and then mailing your poop to
people fast and agile
I have to play this with a good harvest
by the way before so that was the tease
where they were septics play this with
the controller because I got it for the
PS resourceful and the reason I got it
for the ps4 was because it was on sale
for a dial and sees the world
differently but you can use a gamepad
I'm okay with that I'm not as a shooter
like you are you know what I had it
turned up for the rich Evan solo oh yeah
sure
fight differently experienced a
deception son over even overwhelming
odds shift in their favor yeah that
should be no no it should be the issue
into the battlefield so anyway I got
this for very very cheap and I tell you
I wasn't gonna play multiplayer that
much because I already have like eight
multiplayer first-person shooters that I
play yeah but I wanted the campaign and
so it's like yeah eight dollars for just
the campaign alone I'm okay
[Music]
so last night Lisa and I are watching a
little clean link to it I think we were
waiting for Saturday Night Live's just
like the local welding drawers yeah and
and both of us are half paying attention
because like it's weather sports or just
something downward you know it doesn't
matter right we're half paying attention
to the TV check Twitter just doing stuff
and all of a sudden both of us snap Road
by the IMC into focus at the same point
which is a talking box and destroying
them is in a bathroom and selling trying
to sell our services and we were both
kind of dumbfounded watching this
commercial he's at dinner and beyond the
service that this company offers is as a
way to screen for : serve as a rifleman
in the militia okay by literally having
you poop into a box and then you mail
your poop to them this it's actually a
good thing though you want a screen for
the colon case you definitely want a
screen for colon cancer but it is odd
that people are pooping in boxes yes and
mailing them to companies and so it's
just it was a strange it was a strange
thing I took to Twitter immediately to
talk about pooping in boxes and it it it
in fact it took away from the rest of
the night for Lisa and I wear nothing on
Saturday Night Live was quite as
entertaining as the prospect of people
pooping in boxes yeah we were just
wondering what the logistics were what
sound did it make was there plastic in
their box there had to be some sort of
plastic in the box
how what did the people shipping the
poop in the box feel about this if
you're a UPS driver and you pick up this
very specific box
oh shit probably a shitload of plastic
involved but they're half sure it's in a
plastic bag that you poop it is of
course so you said you wanted to talk
about poop litter box I just assumed you
wanted to talk about the xbox360
hardware
[Laughter]
shit must have power cycle the
sympathises last time we'll have to
recalibrate it he
recalibrating you need to keep it
sterile so it doesn't get contaminated
of course look at look at the lights oh
my god it has been quite a long time
since I played a shooter with the
grandpa I'll get there alright all good
all right this might this might have
been are you holding weird it looks like
one fat hand holding it like this I
guess it's like this oh yeah you can see
it's two different gloves but it's the
exact same texture so it does look like
one fatty yeah it looks like one
comically fat hand like a hand would
just think a whole ton of cancer I stick
my hand in a microwave just for fun just
for the fun of it
I don't make fun of what you do with
your hands this is where I grew up this
is what we're fighting for we're gonna
play Friday the 13th when part five
Jason and Pinehurst map come out on
Tuesday you know I feel about part five
Jason it's not Jason dude it's just some
dude like part five Jason he he should
not be that hard to kill he's just a
dude you should just like shoot him with
the shotgun in the game then
congratulations you've killed part five
Jason can you mention how unexcited
that's gonna be one that Jason gets
unmasked in game
it's just that dude some guy with dark
hair yeah but by the way they're not
doing that like it's good it's still
gonna be Jason I have no idea I haven't
seen what they're gonna do with it yet
Oh gun kind of guns do we want fire CMR
not you no one's forcing you to play as
I'm rich okay
does that mean I can't talk about it and
joke around you versatile you know
that's true don't don't do things you
don't like don't don't about things you
don't like
that's rule number one oh yeah oh yeah
it's all coming back to me now
you do you
great oh yeah chunky chunky feeling good
feeling good about a rich pistol yeah
it's a cool pistol it's a cool looking
pistol I'm just curious if this is
actually worth installing origin just
for this well that was my that was the
other part of my decision where it's
like you would need to install origin
and it's like 30 bucks that's not you
know in the grand scheme of things
that's not too bad yeah I'm a cheap
motherfucker oh I'll pay an extra twenty
two dollars just to use a mouse in a
shooter
[Laughter]
violets after struck a balance in combat
speed is paramount what do I do a quick
melee can you do a quick melee no no oh
yeah you can so ei or helm should happen
to fall what what happens to all the
digital shit you bought you're gonna try
from their services what happens to it
do you lose access to everything
theoretically you could right yeah I've
got a I got a fucked out of games on
Steam right now yeah theoretically all
gone it depends on how nice our new
whoever buys it from valve it wants to
be to us right if they want to be
benevolent overlords though they'll say
let's say keep all your games you know
come to our new service what are they
don't fold what are they just gonna
profit by somebody unscrupulous well so
what what will happen is the first like
year yeah nothing will turn yeah and
everyone will be like oh everyone was
worried about nothing and then they'll
come up with some sort of wonderful
improvement that everyone is gonna love
right where they're like hey we have
this new service but monthly fees
there's got to be monthly fees because
we have this new amazing service and
everyone and everyone will go yeah I'm
down with that
oh I missed a target
it's your favorite type of dinosaur
theropod which one's a theropod two legs
eats things two legs eat things alright
eat living things look at look at how
reloads like how it kind of like expands
like that it hits really mean a t-rex of
velociraptor um sure
let me in there look at this going do I
have to do this again or can I just go
this smaller t-rex I can't remember what
the fuck they were called what's next
the smaller t-rex they made a movie
we're like Cowboys were riding on wrong
way back when maybe was just fighting
one let's go but it's not t-rex it's
t-rex like smaller cousin oh well oh
well
Allosaurus I think I might have an
Allosaurus might have been I think it
was an animal storm a mini family of the
Gwangi yes that was the name what what
is that oh boys a dinosaur's old movie
I'll be moving this sounds great
the IMC Hui here dry from in go on your
first type
all right riflemen sounds like it's
about the fan I'm pulling you out movie
:
you just let VR you need to mean it to
decompress guitar hero rock band games
curious to know our feelings on the
guitar here rock band games III will
contend that guitar hero rock band will
make our that any most immersive games I
have ever played that I'm there there is
a point in which you become so
comfortable with the controls that it
actually feels like you are playing the
guitar and I fucking love those games
being someone who has actually played
live music for people Guitar Hero gave
me that same feeling in my living room
it's okay
love love love love yeah okay great
guitar band rock hero is that what I
said you know what I'm talking about
you know what I'm talking about I love
them I love all those games I'd I never
had though to be to be honest I never
had rock band but I had a friend who had
rock band and I would play with him all
the time it was that was harder cuz that
one had the drums and the microphone and
you you could like it was guitar here
but you had to sing a bit I could never
do the singing yeah because I have no I
don't have that quality to my voice
what would I what I would do to cheese
it is I would have to sing in falsetto
so every song would be song like this
cuz I tell the mic would pick up like
that's the only way I could get my voice
to actually hit the proper notes was
singing in falsetto okay okay I loved it
Vagan loved it it's true you know guitar
hero is another one of those games that
you know we could stream but but we get
the hammer called down on us
you would have to concentrate way too
much to chat oh right and I would just
be lost
[Laughter]
much like our 11 copyright strikes we
would get so many copyright strikes and
as I was telling Richard before the
stream started I'm not necessarily
worried about not being able to monetize
our videos but sometimes copyright
ivories will withhold the video from
certain many gems and so it's like no
one in the UK can watch this video
because of a copyright but right
and we don't want that Brits would have
to but of course rich would have to play
and that's why we're never gonna Street
which we would make rich play and he
would have to complete a song before we
let him stop playing individual $1,000 -
and you'll play gets our hero I'll play
guitar hero by the way I'm not trying to
encourage this kind of like blatant tip
fading
I have Guitar Hero and a ps2 and a
guitar at my house right this very
moment just putting that out there so
you know we could do it on Wednesday no
problem okay who's the bad guy not dance
dance revelution it's not worth throwing
my fucking back out
who's shooting at us
that guy for one that guy for two shit
hey don't you start shooting at me to
our weight are you bad guys these are
private red I don't know who bad guys
are I'm sorry
bad guys I was complaining about the
first one everything looked the same
faction was yes I do remember that now
but I think I have a better okay that's
bad guy that's a bad guy
Anonymous's are you seeing gameplay
footage for the upcoming game see if
thieves
it has co-op multiplayer in which you
throw a pirate ship and can even vote to
imprison shipmates below deck - annoyed
I've not seen any of us I'm not I think
I might have heard about it before the
pirate game multiplayer co-op then it
sounds familiar
yeah we've seen footage angered blaggard
says hey space cadets hi if you woke up
in the 24th century and were offered a
position at Starfleet Academy which
branch would each of you go for I'm not
I'm hopefully unqualified traveling
science yeah you wouldn't want to pilot
a start you wouldn't want to like get up
and get up on deck pressing your guy
responsible when driving an asteroid yes
well yeah
we're going out there to see the neat
shit it may as well be the guys studying
the neat shit then you get you get some
time to stop and look I suppose
ideally you want to be in a nice normal
Starfleet ship not one that's constantly
getting into crazy battles and an
enterprise like misadventures you want
to beat you want to be on the ship that
the enterprise comes to rescue because
you're like this the normal science
vessel ripped off that dudes ear you
know I I think I'd want to I think I'd
want to be a helmsman yeah I'd want to
be in the shit flying around how boring
is that going to be ninety-nine percent
of the time well we're going straight
I've inputted the coordinates see in
five days I typed in a series of numbers
99% of the time easiest job yes but you
get to be right I want to be at the
front of the ship okay I'll be right at
the front of the ship faster please
hey buddy let's cool off it holds two
assists okay
besides being common that would be
number one for me number two I'm gonna
want to blow some shit up so put me on
security I'm gonna I'm gonna be the
trigger-happy security dude is mystical
station always always suggest shooting
at it yes the first course yes see that
seemingly on on violent science vessel
let's blow it up
aliens come on my ship let's blow them
up I want to shoot shit if I'm in space
I want to fly shit or shoot shit none of
these things are part of my current
skill set though you know perhaps you
know fluidity with you know controller
type things what was it was it here on
stream that we were talking about it was
at an article I was reading that was
like drone pilots in the military they
spent like millions of dollars making
their own ways to control drones for
military use and they decided that it's
just easier to use xbox360 controller
well yeah because that's what everyone
knows how much trained already on that
yeah yep
I said like all that money they spent on
like custom controllers for the d'haran
I'd just use xbox360 controller I think
it's great I think it's great
so it's very possible that my current
that my current skillset can help me
become a helmsman now that just means
we're gonna get pwned if China starts
training their soldiers on mouse and
keyboard we're done man it's the
beginning of the end
Xbox controllers their drones are gonna
be teabagging ours it's very true oh
they this definitely has an amos system
which I'm just gonna be oh you who you
to the right of that huh are you aiming
clearly to the right of that
yeah like there's a movie in there where
the government has to call him like a a
group of Aging no 90s PC gamers because
they are former quake 3 champions only
that's kind of pixels only you know not
against aliens right we've just remade
pixels on accident well what we need is
this is how you would do the remake of
The Last Starfighter Yeah right
and really pixels you know like the idea
was alright they just they just cocked
it up
which is fine it's a funny idea in
general all these drone pilots are using
Xbox 360 controllers we need pro gamers
manases recently relaunched Empire
Strikes Back the Empire good movie has
there been a space chase to top the
asteroid chase scene in that movie yet
also Wrath of Khan vs. undiscovered
country Wrath of Khan Wrath of Khan
though they're both great they're both
the both top tier Star Trek movies I'm
going with Wrath of Khan absolutely it's
just a little bit more solid of a movie
the that ending battle in the Nebula is
worth that whole goddamn movie never
been a better space battle right two
ships just two ships silently like
trying to outsmart each other I don't
know why they want to win away from
submarine combat with space movies I
know it's so much more interesting
I agree the tension where are they where
are they you know look it'll it'll all
cycle back around it'll all cycle back
around
and as far as the asteroid chase no that
has not been top but oh I'm sure how
many how many other space chases are
there any movies oh you know I'm oh shit
a parent I can't double jump yet okay I
cannot double jump yeah I noticed that
my double jump is offline
you know I'm trying to think there's
there's got to be a better space chase
than that I like the space pals and deep
space nine as nice as a novel team
because usually didn't see huge
Federation fleets but I don't like that
it's become the standard
it worked in ds9 because it sold the
scale like this is the the biggest war
or whatever you know sure things are bad
huge Federation foods seem to go against
the spirit of truck yeah which is why I
don't like that that's kind of become
the standard Star Trek battle scene
thousands of ships flying around lasers
everywhere
I like the space battles in Battlestar
you've never seen the much much the new
battle start now they had some really
great space babbino because they they
took space correctly in three dimensions
where like they could they could you
know the maneuverability of their ships
were on all accesses and so that was
like a big part of their piloting was
like just doing insane barrel rolls and
like stopping like that that cool thing
that uh that Poe does at the beginning
of the last Jedi where he like he almost
like puts a handbrake on a ship like
that's cool shit I like that shit
Battlestar had some really good space
battle scenes well I got a cloak oh oh I
just punched a rock
nonno so this game subverts my
expectations so you're you're pleasantly
surprised and 7/8 is rich what's the
more cringeworthy relationship worth and
Wolfe and Troy or Chakotay and seven of
nine Chakotay and seven of nine was that
a relationship yeah near the end of the
show it kind of came out of nowhere
yeah and I don't think they ever had
great chemistry together
I know this section is supposed to teach
me how to sneak but fuck it but I guess
I guess any scene where Chakotay isn't
just being Janeway's lap dog is a
pleasant surprise I know I know I've
mocked the lazy culture thing would you
Cote yeah yeah it's got a gum chip but
that's not the most offensive thing
about okay the most annoying thing about
Chakotay is just the absolute waste of a
carrot here's the form of make--the
captain and he's gonna butt heads with
Janeway that that's like the thing that
makes sense yeah but no he just
instantly becomes him/her Starfleet
lapdog and he has a waste of space a
waste of screen time a waste of dialogue
agreed the independent space rebel turns
into Janeway Smithers on a fucking dying
in the second episode second fucking
episode it's instant yep well you used
to be in Starfleet you would make a
great second-in-command and he goes boy
would I
oh yeah Oh that'd be a great second
here's what I'm supposed to go ye oh
alright I was being a little ridiculous
with the punching you can want you've
one punch people
yeah and so I got a little there will be
Titans in the Titan game I need to find
a power supply for my Titan before I can
get in my Titan and I'm fucking around
so true who refuses hey guys only ting
to say I finally won a game of pub Jean
what I drove halfway across the map to
end up hiding in a shack til and shack
at the end did you did you kill anyone
the best part is that second place was
using healing and boost cheats oh I've
seen that I've seen that healing cheap
I've seen that healing cheap bunch of
animals
stop time remains at me
a square button I'm trying to hit the
square button I'm not trying to hit
there we go
apparently I couldn't jump and hit the
square button I just had to hit this bar
button okay
you know kind of like this gun I have a
fondness for first enum of the machine
guns might be a little standard but
going over here what am i doing what am
i doing game you tell me
sohow's is working as a single-player
experience Jack uh you know it's hard to
tell because I don't have my my Titan
yet hey I got my double jump so I
haven't you know right now it's just a
standard shooter right but you know
shoots alright so so far I've been
shooting things and the things have been
shooting back at me so that's always
exciting
roans to shoot at but that's great
presumably regenerating health yes you
have regenerating health which is why
I've been able to just run up and punch
people yeah yeah which is fine
like that drone just punch a drone
because I'm sure that's what the game
makers intended I didn't do it yeah I
hope CD Projekt RED makes a space opera
and the same vein as Mass Effect someday
I mean I'll be done with that aren't
they working on it it's a cyberpunk
thing they are they're working on the
side with one
[Music]
[Laughter]
I feel like once the twist happens they
wouldn't hate the game but what game
this game I don't know
so far I'm enjoying it like it's it's so
far it's fine I have no complaints about
this game at the moment so settle down
apparently I'm unable to shoot these
guys
I'm gonna shoot those guys the twist
camera was about a different game he
wanted you still don't I still don't
know which game
oh you're on my team now tell Jax we're
gonna hold two guns
what dunkey taking literature for a
visual novel okay okay yeah let's get
all frog fractioning or something uh you
know even even if it does I don't know
if it's worth it that's a hard that's a
hard sell right there
you know Chad I have not watched fringe
what is the fringe it's a sci-fi show
that apparently gets better
I watched the first couple of episodes
is it on Netflix how do I have no idea
it's it's an it's it's you know maybe 10
years old at this point it's great so
older okay show starring um
Pacey from Dawson's Creek since creaky
Joshua Jackson maybe fringe is like the
spiritual sequel to The X Files it's
fucking great it has the fringe has it's
hard hard line fans okay I heard it does
have a bit of a rough start but you know
it's better how is the new x-files I
wonder I haven't heard much about it I
know it came back
that's back for another season
yeah and will they ever wrap it up
probably not floating dog three punches
to take out a dog I was curious
I was curious how many punches new
x-files is hot garbage that's sad that's
sad to be fair I don't
to be fair I'm not sure like you know
old x-files had its bad moments mmm
you know wasn't terrible wasn't perfect
I remember back in the day liking
x-files when they were doing standalone
episodes yeah yeah I've seen some
x-files but I'm hardly well-versed that
was kind of fun going visible sneak up
on someone yeah I hear you I hear you
Titan I didn't know you speak now
our 2/3 DataCore reinitialized ocular
system online adjusting focus Optimus
optimus oh yeah oh yeah i am bt 70 to 74
of endor class Titan of the militia SRS
Marauder Corps you may call me bt sim
7ai right like look who's finally do you
really need a fucking pilot but a third
battery will accelerate the process I
will remain here oh yeah they want to
teach you they want to teach you some
core gameplay mechanics before they
before they let you get into Titan
thanks optimus shetty a kills everything
EA touches is there is there something
EA hasn't killed no okay
they've killed legendary game companies
time falling nothing to them is
titanfall yay
well technically it's whoever EA is
currently ruining don't worry bt salvage
teams are not far away I mean and not
leaving is a common requirement for
pilots to maneuver in situations without
elite did I hear that the Mass Effect
Andromeda was so bad that Mass Effect is
a franchise is now officially on the
Shelf good well I think they killed it
with three
mash Matt's been dead for a while
anthem is going to kill bio Rao eyewear
is already dead what you're seeing in
fire where this is zombie it's a zombie
game studio where any of the people who
made Bioware Bioware they've been gone
for years now
[Laughter]
how long did you serve with last mosa
captain massimo select with me 973 days
ago
be fair rich a zombie studio and it made
the fantastic new doom yeah but they
weren't owned by EA that's the key
component here
nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope
I feel like it's somebody at Bethesda
gives you shit well we know what they do
because they they fought for Doom
somebody at Bethesda cares about games
EA cares about how much money they can
just take out of your fucking wallet how
quickly they can do it and how much they
can get away with before the court shut
them down
[Laughter]
you know what you know what ei would
never make dishonor oh you're sure
where's the microtransactions single
single single player how are we gonna
get concurrent revenue from our monetary
assets how do you I don't understand how
are we going to work in loot crate's
into a single player stealth game
nope that was dumb that was dumb
Bethesda is pissing me off with the
nonstop elderscrolls v remix if that's
getting them the income though that they
can make other things like Dishonored 2
maybe it's worth it I don't know I don't
know oh they got a game people like
they're gonna keep me they got a good
reliable money maker but they're pumping
that money into other things I can deal
but this is making good games you know
and people want more Elder Scrolls I
guess we we can give them a little bit
of leeway I think
Bethesda didn't make doom they published
it that's important because like as
weird as we're discussing here ei just
publishes shit and they destroy
everything they touch
Bethesda they publish it but they do not
destroy everything they touch they seem
to have a general concern for their the
products that they they've been the
publishers on some good games
in software is not dying under Bethesda
like Bioware is dying under EA or
basically already dead I'll give this
shotgun
shooting
let's talk about why you hate spawn
I don't I don't hate spawn as much as I
hate todd mcfarlane that's fair
a good writer can turn spawn into
something good and maybe that maybe it's
already happened and I just wasn't
reading when that happened because you
don't care about Todd is fine the
problem would spawn is todd mcfarlane a
mediocre artist at best and not a very
good storyteller not a storyteller at
all well rich old man yells at cloud
Evans hey I'm right though I'm usually
fucking right that first of all that
cloud was pissing me off
maybe the old man's yelling about clouds
so you get your stupid ass in out of the
rain saying good things about the Festa
yeah I'm not even I'm not even being
negative jackass oh you're being
negative about ei but I isn't everyone
on board that ei sucks I think I thought
so
I thought we were on the same page there
to be fair I tolerate todd mcfarlane
more than Seth MacFarlane no I'll take
south over Todd any day you know and for
as much as I don't like looking at Seth
MacFarlane he can be funny sometimes
I'll take Seth Seth MacFarlane
frequently comes off like a smug asshole
yeah I'm McFarlane is definitely a smug
asshole oh well I think the courts have
ruled that several times like there's
documentation that he's a smoker that
the Todd McFarlane is a smug asshole
absolutely the hypocrite who fucked Neil
Diamond over right he's a guy manner
gaming gay man I don't know I see these
names in print right we're a lot more
often than I spoke I've always assumed
Gaiman like I've never had any idea how
the hell you're supposed to pronounce
John Byrne or Brian's name doesn't be yr
+ y Y Z are and uh-huh
creator of the x-men and she-hulk and
many other comic books sure sure
like I rebooted Superman big huge kind
of a name right I have no idea how the
fuck you're supposed to pronounce it
right because you've just read it I've
just read it it's burned by your
I was saying bull urine it's pronounced
burn yes then you get Barbie why R and E
enemy reinforcements will be on their
way we must complete the neuro-link
immediately please install the battery
we're at full capacity pilot we must
establish a neural link in order to
proceed okay nama says yeah rich just
wanted to say thanks for the no death
run stream it means a lot when a
streamer will put themselves out there
so will streaming a run like that
hi Jack nice shirt I think this is a
fine church this means you'll try again
you know after the stream I went home I
I I went back after that save and I
played around with slappy a bit fine I
could kick his ass so easily no that's
cool that's good you're learning I
wasn't being I wasn't being aggressive
enough yeah I can I can stun lock him
with just simple jump kicks yeah I get I
could completely paralyze him for the
entire fucking fight now you know now I
know you kick him lock him down get four
hits in then he gets up and he does this
little spin fire and then he gets dizzy
after that she just run up and kick him
right away and just repeats endlessly
until he's dead no it's so easy
so easy so much hindsight so much
hindsight
narrow Lake complete primary weapon
control and motion link re-established
enemy titanfall detected we will have to
find our way to safety get ready portal
manesis rich where French shines isn't
it's monster-of-the-week episode and one
of the main characters is a mad
scientist with dementia I think we'd
enjoy it welcome oh I'll keep fringe in
mind then up says hey rich Leonard Cohen
just won the Best Rock performance
straight for you want a darker at the
grimace our r.i.p Leonard Cohen
alrighty our only chance of survival is
to uphold our mission of rendezvous with
major Anderson
apartment says good evening jack hi I
love following your Twitter yep
have you mailed your box of poop yet and
where do you see humanity's next step
knowing we are encouraged to mail our
poop
I think it's living longer because of
God getting to that colon cancer earlier
be proper like the eye I wasn't like
making fun of people screening for colon
cancer I think it's funny that you poop
in a box there's probably this whole
thing yeah well you put a plastic bag
over your toilet right yeah like you're
not supposed to actually like poop in a
box right but it's so a box that you
like if they have a mascot like it's a
little box masca so they want you to
poop in their cute little cartoon mascot
early detection that's what they say is
the difference between life and death
when it comes to cancer treatment yeah
detecting it as early as possible yeah
that's why it's all you know get
mammogram man how frequently are you
supposed to poop in a box that's the
question there's a lot I don't know
about this how much do they charge you
for pooping in a box right and like does
this what's the detection ratio versus
say a standard colonoscopy right yeah is
it cheaper is it I mean obviously it's
less invasive because you're not
sticking a camera up your butt
yeah but like is it cheaper does it
detect as well there's a lot we don't
know about pooping in a box for us our
only chance of survival is to rendezvous
with major Anderson at 60 klicks from
our current location to survive Optimus
I know I know it already has a mini mech
I guess it's got custom metal gears I
want I want a free-roaming in a
titanfall machine in like the middle of
your 5 yeah that would be great
this free-roam fucking shit out with a
giant robot right
you seen anything about that metal gear
survived I have not it looks like
they've done the phantom pain only
zombies really yeah
Oh
let's go I'm gonna burst core
punch a mech new Metal Gear Solid
doesn't even have Kojima so it was dead
but Kojima wasn't even always the best
thing for battle here I I know he did
some you know apparently all parts of
Metal Gear were Kojima including the
gameplay that we loved like I didn't
even know he was involved with five his
name wasn't on the box how did you know
how could you possibly have known
[Laughter]
oh pardon me battery
I'm away
I Eve
now you can punch the humans wait I want
another human I splattered them oh yes
good Freddy come here that's all I want
that's all I want in life now is to
punch you thanks optimus oh yeah
now NASA speaking of EA and Bioware I
think Mass Effect 2 is an allegory for
Bioware's their threats on eh take over
benevolent seaman corporation revives
something good immunity manipulates it
for their own nefarious purposes
oh yeah anybody who has played mess
effective horribly confused when I
comment yep like me draw an analogy from
what happened to Bioware being bought
out by EA it's compared to what happened
in the game's story wise even faction or
the forces of your Cruiser
we get a mod we're doom Slayer is a
giant mecha-suit destroying demons
how absurd insanely awesome would that
be that's kind of actually what did this
guy you know you know the doom Slayer
will use a mech look at this guy yeah
it's great
oh how would the dude play he would pick
it up and swing it out of demon yeah I
think the doom Slayer would prefer to
use his bare hands
that's right that's you're talking about
different games here different games no
when when I play Doom I want to be the
doom Slayer I want to be doing guy the
part of some that would be fun briefly
as a mod or something
hi
Boniface is Jack I'm Jack if you could
solo stream made no deathrun slash full
run of a game what game slash a few
ideas of games would you stream oh I
have no idea as I typed this you speak
of poop in a box and I still tip what
does that say about me that you are as
interested as I am in pooping in boxes
it's not a no death run but is there any
game you would like to do just a full
playthrough one stream not necessarily
no death run not necessarily you know
different correct um I don't know that's
a that's I think that is a fair question
I think that's a fair question I did not
maybe maybe the answer is maybe I can't
I can't think of any off the top of my
head yes I mean I kind of want them
how are you Mike through this game so
far rich I'm not playing it but rich how
you liking that so far it looks okay I'm
spending a lot of time reading chat
though I'm not paying that much
attention to the game right these
shooting of things and it doesn't look
terrible that's what I got yeah and you
know as the one playing it I'm actually
enjoying it quite a bit
mhm good action I love you know an
appropriate amount of schlock I'm
enjoying the whole jumping in a giant
robot and punching people apart that's a
really great
oh my god that's where you start like
very weird stuff when he just stabbed
some dude running throwing star why
would I do that I can punch him punch
him in the fucking face better than
titanfall one titanfall one did not have
any kind of single-player experience I I
think our review of Titan fall one would
have been very different had it had a
single-player campaign
would have been a very different review
but yeah I consider this pretty standard
fare as far as shooters are concerned
but you get to hop in a giant robot
every once in a while so you know great
how are you not bored with this game yet
did you see when I got in the giant
robots and then punched people into a
blood splatter that was pretty awesome
all you can hope for is that they give
you enough fun things to do split up you
see them autonomous why do you need me
in the first place
giant robot given our dire circumstances
this is a risk
you gotta bTW you do the same
also go see you get fun guns though I
you know I do like to stick with just
kind of more the more standard guns but
this is shotgun me will give a shot
gonna try a sake let's give the shotgun
a try and then look can't you carry more
than one one I don't think so or if you
can I don't know how people were saying
you can yeah I'm the chap at least they
did early on that felt
I just picked up a shotgun this is what
we have here my IMC and militia friends
is a failure to communicate and that's
okay
who was the accessing files cane a
mercenary commonly affiliated with the
apex predators a well-known narcotics
user and supplier
house shit is the shotgun I kind of
range together I have no idea I just
picked it up
that's why all right
I'm not gonna I'm not gonna you know
ever stop loving just punching people in
the face
oh shit
you're my friend now let's go sleep yeah
leave my friend now Phil damn tell jack
to switch out his pistol you can switch
out the pistol for another gun
oh that's what I want to do thank you I
do want to do that I even have the
fucking pistol in the game then you
could get a cool pistol oh yeah you're
my friend now like I want that
six-shooter that I was that I was using
during training old hand sauce is
speaking of poop-poop
my doctor said he didn't want to give me
a prostate exam because his fingers were
too short - oh hey guys I was wondering
how often you get recognized by fans
when you were out and about fingers it's
you
also what is each of your funniest /
best fan interaction stories thanks and
keep doing you keep doing you keep doing
you you keep doing me two or three times
a year maybe is what I mean off and I
get recognized yeah that's a neat gun
hasn't happened since sometime last
summer
[Music]
yeah I just got recognized I was at the
the beer and cheese festival yeah
recognized they're obviously a lot of
beer as far as funny fan interaction
story I think everyone is sick of those
stories the ones I tell over and over
again just ask the chat the play about
the time I got recognized didn't use DVD
store they can tell you about that yeah
I don't know I don't really have any
funny stories no one has done anything
yeah yeah I'm friendly this one told
rich till I see here's if I tell the
story then I'm gonna hear a lot of
comments FX here that somebody taught us
so many times that I use DVD store with
Karen and I'm just minding my own
business browsing the DVDs yeah guy
behind the counter I don't know I don't
know this is going on guy behind the
counter recognized the tape but I don't
think he was sure it was me so he went
to the store computer went to our
website he turned on one of our videos
that he knew I was in and this is this
is early on this is before best of the
worst he pulls up one of the old videos
I made with Mike when I was like a teen
and my grandmother is in the video yes
so I'm minding my own business browsing
DVDs was suddenly out of nowhere I hear
my dead grandmother's voice you know
over the loudspeakers and I I jumped
about ten feet straight in the air that
surrounds this guy
that's got to be creepy creepy as hell
what did I say to him hi like what do
you say in here and do anything actively
horrible he just made me think I was
hearing a ghost
[Laughter]
that was the time rich almost believes
in cups I figured it out fairly quickly
by buying DVDs nothing I don't know
probably
I bought the from that store I don't
think it was that same trip to that
store but I bought from that store once
a George Carlin box set oh okay all of
the George Carlin HBO specials nice and
there was like a disc miss missing in
the packaging and so they gave us a
discount on it I did some research on
her later I wasn't missing anything it's
just the Box had an extra slot for no
good reason
oh I got a discount price on a full
complete set of George Carlin HBO comedy
special yeah
let's just live Abed guilt now no I
didn't know we everyone everyone at the
time legitimately thought it was missing
a DVD just nobody could figure out which
of one different time I gotta have an
aquarium at home yeah I bought shrimp
you bought a shrimp but if you have a
couple shrimp right I look into the tank
like a few days afterwards and I see
what looks like a pail dead shrimp in
the tank sure okay that story to
guarantee I take it back to the pet
store I got my money back for the shrimp
I come home the shrimp is still in the
tank he apparently just melted we had
the same number of shrimp that we bought
I just I just got a refund on a shrimp
moulting some fun fact if you buy a
shrimp at a pet store wait for it to
mold tell them it's a corpse and get
your money back if you if you'd like to
build a local business out of shrimp out
of shrimp money rich has got all the hot
tackle once again this was not a fraud
at the time I thought it was dead shrimp
right
I was I was surprised when I came home
and there was still the same number of I
bought two shrimp one of them didn't die
man these shrimp sure didn't lose a lot
of body mass later no no a shrimp
molting just looks like a tiny paler
shrimp
Amy paler shrimp well it's actually
about it's not even tiny it's about the
same size as the shrimp you finally hit
tiny because all shrimp are tiny yeah it
just looks like your shrimp why would
you buy a shrimp in the first place
because they're neat little algae eaters
we do shrimp are fun to watch and when
you have steak when you have a fish tank
algae is a big problem what so you need
to create a nice ecosystem to deal with
that how about how about you know take
your shrimp shaming somewhere else
about that
okay wait edek night says hey jacket
rich first live stream first time tipper
hey welcome first time subscriber watch
you on the youtubes all the time
thanks for inspiring me to buy a gaming
PC hope to see you out there and game
land races glad to be of help to you you
can often find us in game land I don't
know if you Pub G or overwatch but
that's where you'll usually find me
overwatch more so these days they have
the they have a new a new map out now
with the overwatch and it's loads of fun
you won't have a problem with algae it
can replace the fish water every week or
you can get it some shrimp
LG's fine me in that ramp to tanks but
that one for Christmas a year ago I got
Karen on some glow fish tank okay
there's not much algae in that but it
doesn't get that much direct light and
then I like that tank enough but I got
myself like six months later a planted
tank a plant food to planted tank and
that's it's got live plants in it and
that that that has an algae problem but
because of the plants you need to have a
decent light in there
and is it like a glow later no that's
not Caryn's is a glow like mine right I
guess it's ours but the other the other
tank this is no that's my tank
III was adamant that I wanted it
decorate now she you know I I paid for
her glow fish tank but she you know she
did all the decorating yeah like I'm
gonna do this next one I want to do it I
want to do it
doo-doo-doo
glofish or lite-brite glofish are
genetically engineered fish to be bright
neon dark light reactive colors they're
not injected they're actually
genetically engineered
j.r.r Lovecraft says I'm 41 with a
family history of colon cancer recently
had a colonoscopy and had two polyps
removed both found to be non cancerous
that's good that's good
cost me less than 300 insurance covered
the rest very nice very nice I'm very
curious on to like cut you know benefits
drawbacks to pooping to box pooping
costs benefit drawbacks if it's not as
accurate you know like to me any sort of
screening accuracy is gonna be my
number-one concern right and so even if
it's cheaper and we know it's it's
obviously less invasive because you poop
in a box the only thing that matters to
me is accuracy analysis why is it that
the pilot the original series sent looks
and feels way better than the actual the
original series sent there's something
for talking about the star for activity
lessons how different would the show B's
if the pilot captain and by pilot the
pilot of the show
your meeting was the permanent one
personally I think it would have been
better as far as set quality I I have I
have not sat down and analyzed the
differences and how they said looked in
the pilot I'm not I'm not that familiar
with that off the top of my head as far
as Captain Pike versus Captain Kirk yeah
I I have said before on stream that if I
could visit an alternate universe where
Jeffrey hunter took the lead role in
Star Trek I would love to see how that
turned out
I would love that series box set and I'd
love to see what the movies they made
afterwards yes I'd be I'd be 100% down
to see that I can't I can't say that I
think it would necessarily be better but
tone wise it would be a little bit
different yeah you're gonna Shatner's
Curt is a little bit Sherlock here yeah
and then and then if it was if it wasn't
so schlocky would it be as popular I
don't know that's why I would love to
visit an alter you know an alternate
universe where this happened right right
I'm with you um with you I don't know if
I've ever seen the pilot the unaired
pilot I know eh it's good it's good okay
I don't know if you watch much original
series I'm not no you're a T&G; guy yeah
yeah I'm more of a TNG guy
they probably would have lived to an
older age that's for sure
yes Jeffrey hunter would have lived
longer had he taken the original series
role right anybody who doesn't know
after after Jeffrey hunter filmed the
pilot for Star Trek late after after
they made that Jeffrey Hunter's wife
comes into Gene Roddenberry's office his
wife and says I hunt my husband is a
movie star not a television star he will
not be taking the role and that's why
Jeffrey hunter was not in the Star Trek
series that's why we didn't get Captain
time and what ended up happening was a
few years after that shortly after that
look at your - after that Jeffrey hunter
died overseas while filming a movie
isn't some got a car accident or
something right yeah right right he died
a movie actor though well then there you
go that's all that matters not a lowly
TV one of the most iconic roles of all
time hindsight is a funny thing rich
the insight is a funny thing
but she was in some big films though
like The Searchers I know that but
I think Kirk's a bigger deal than being
that other guy in the searcher the heck
was that
which if you're recapping old stories
look look I'm trying not to people just
keep asking me shit we've talked about
it doesn't anonymous I know it's a lot
on you guys for a couple of streams but
it's been a while I think it's time to
get some hype going on the next voice
over stream we need action drama romance
flora plum Ann that's also true we
decide what we're in the mood for like
the day of usually
you
they don't see that thing where another
like pilot showed up and executed a guy
what was that about my I was in the
middle of a big firefight and all of a
sudden the camera almost like went away
from my first-person perspective and it
showed like a third-person perspective
of someone like a close-range
assassinating some guy and then it went
back to my first-person perspective and
I have no idea what that was or was
supposed to mean
that was an execution
that was what is theoretically to drive
this game this is it giant robot battles
also there is an online multiplayer
component
that was you know
novices some what kind of animal would
you want to be crap and overwatch Blizz
world stream please
I've been enjoying Blizz world what is
blues world it's the new map okay it's
the new overwatch mound and you know
shit
doing great
madam massage last night was movie night
with the missus okay I wanted to watch
predator but she insisted we watched
High School Musical it was a horribly
boring movie but at least she's happy
things we do for love comes that's just
the brakes you gotta watch something you
don't like every now and then compromise
my friend compromise next time a
predator which do you like any sports
video games rocket League
just like MLB power pros on the weed I
guess I still like it I just haven't
played it in a while
so there's gonna be secrets we have to
fight one of these things on foot isn't
there that's gonna be like the climax
your your robot gets blowed up yeah your
robot whoo-whee they've been spending a
lot of time making sure that you know
that you're friends with this robot like
you well yeah that's how you know the
robots gonna do you you like this robot
that's okay I mean I'm not visiting
criticism it might make for a fine
climax honestly right I'm just saying
it's gonna happen oh yeah
that first touring
auto flagellate IRS's based on in Rich's
recommendation tried replaying Dead
Rising wife okay I agree that Frank West
is a better character is the survivor AI
and Pat finding maybe quickly
frustration oh I'm sorry for you okay we
don't all have to like the same thing
true
notice you'd never play any 4x games i i
tried streaming master of orion to once
both Jack and the Chad hated it stream
Star Wars rebellion matter it's like a
bad version of Master of Orion but
people will like it because it says Star
Wars oh sure
people like Star Wars and they like the
things that say Star Wars we get that
also homeworld that is not a 4x game
that's just a real-time strategy game I
know it's got spaceships I wanted to
like homeworld so much yeah oh yeah
homeworld is it's beautiful I just I
can't get into realtime strategy which
why do you dislike Eddie Brock because
he has the lamest motivations of any
comic book villain a strong history in
warfare
spider-man ruined my news story when he
found the real killer I'm gonna murder
spider-man now that's stupid that's so
fucking stupid yeah III think there
there's a way to do that well if if like
if by no means if if he was constantly
being overshadowed and outdone by Peter
Parker and Peter Parker didn't even know
he existed right but just Peter Parker
just happened to do everything so much
better than him and Spiderman was always
like he was always like coming up with a
plan to yeah to get Eddie Brock up and
up and going but slow that spider-man
and that just kept on snowballing and
snowballing and it was built up a little
bit more yeah then he gets the symbiote
and the symbiote starts corrupting that
it could work it's unfortunately like
like I said in the
comics it's like a half a page yeah yeah
well that's spider-man I think there's a
way to do it okay
Joe the original idea for venom was
gonna be it was gonna keep switching
host that's a good idea yeah like I
believe the plan was after Eddie Brock
who's just gonna be a one-issue thing
yeah he was gonna be with dr. octopus
for a while whoo yeah it's kind of a way
to like one up or kind of breathe new
life into old villains yeah yeah with
that but venom just got too popular
think they couldn't do that oh sure
a copy over responding he's got to be
headed your way
understood a shout a shout
miss bliss he is a war criminal wanted
by the militia commonly employed by the
IMC meliss was responsible for the death
of my previous pilot captain lessons
they did the origin better in the
spectacular spider-man cartoon yeah but
it's completely different
he's Eddie Brock a name only in the
cartoon
why didn't shoot that you right are you
looking forward to the upcoming
spider-verse movies the spider-verse
sounds like a stupid concept look
spider-man spider-man team-up spider-man
I'm not down with that all the spiders
yeah all the spiders aw it looks so
badass I'm super hyped hi
Mega's Alexandros 86's first time I've
ever caught a live stream huge fan of
you boys and LM in general thanks for
all of the rad content we're rad I'm
sure you've been asked this before but
do you or Jack play rust or minecraft no
I've seen rust I've never I've heard of
for us what is rust oh I don't even know
if I know I know rust by name only okay
I know rust by name only
looking forward to homecoming - yeah the
sequel to the best spider-man movie ever
made yeah I'm interested to seeing that
yeah yeah I'm super super hyped
minecraft ok so I've played a little bit
of Minecraft obviously it is you know
one of the most popular games ever and I
wanted to know what it was all about and
it's fine it's a perfectly fine game jan
21
if I am blood drop oh nothing no just
that was mean pretty freedom they
bloodshot says had a thought about
Batman vs Superman removed Batman and
haven't beat Lex Luthor that rushes into
the collapsing building in the opening
it would be a new take on Lex and give
him proper motivation to hate Superman I
guess and you gotta think you're gonna
fix Batman vs Superman you also have to
fix Superman right and remember how
awkwardly they tried to fix him in the
Justice League they just tried to
pretend that he was a different
character this whole time hero that was
beloved that was beloved and guess what
nobody bought that chin we all smelled
that stank
naima sews these Titans seem expensive
they could just build a bunch of drones
that explode yeah they probably should
yep
I've always said that I think that could
like that could be a fun game look at
some point in science fiction you have
to wonder why they don't just drop a
bunch of nukes on things why is why is
nuclear technology been lost atom bombs
where are the atom bombs well you know
that's it wouldn't be that wouldn't be
as fun because you know that kills
everyone and everything we have to go to
the enemy's planet and invade with ships
and guns and drones and thousands upon
thousands of Marines versus we need to
go to the enemy's planet we just need to
drop some nuclear bombs on it well that
would be abandoned that would be a very
short and not so fun game that would be
an ode gotta remember what we're doing
here people we're playing a game we've
absolutely got to wipe out that rebel
base don't drop a bunch of nuclear bombs
on it the whole rebel base well usually
there's someone a rescuer in town
together I think I think a game like
like this but with a drone could be a
lot of fun you know like it you have to
find a place to hide yourself while you
control the drone and then you could
like set the drone to do cool stuff that
could be neat yeah I'm just saying if
you're gonna dig in the logic of why you
would build giant robots you would never
build giant robots is the answer right
aging hostile infantry sorry pilot
you're not going anywhere
like somebody you just have to accept
that we have giant robots right yeah
we've already built the giant robots we
might as well use them and we have to
accept that you know it's not
necessarily supposed to make a hundred
percent sense because we're here to have
a little fun just here to have a little
bit of fun
Capone lol just hey guys in your Tony
Hawk stream you took a jab at his age
but did you know back in 2016 he did a
nine hundred at the age of 48 something
very few pro skaters and their prime can
do keep up the Sun streams that's great
is great for junior that man that may
make a jokes walk eating on Tony oh yeah
we were just having a little fun
I'm sure I'm sure Tony took it very
personally
Donna says don't read comics so
homecoming was not my favorite
spider-man movie at first however I have
been flying a lot and watched it three
times more for some reason it is just so
rewatchable and I've changed my opinion
interesting you well and what's
interesting to me is that you say like I
don't read the comics and so I didn't
like it but I mean I guess I feel like
it works even without the common stuff
of course I have very little base that
off of because I do read the comics
but why why would not reading the comics
in influence your judgment um because
probably because they're used to the
movie spider-man we've had before
sure Tobey and Andrew sure that was
spider-man yeah but it's the way it
works without any prior knowledge of it
working in other comics I think at least
dudududu I can see where if you're
familiar with mostly the Sam Raimi films
it would be weird to have a Spider Man
who's funny sure let me punch your
Dickens
is it that should be the whole game it's
just punching everybody
good idea thank you Arlis
Rito blood says hi guys hi thanks for
all our LM content
I rarely catch you streaming too late
for us Europeans anyhow any plans to
play f13 again part 5 update is coming
good luck and best wishes from Slovakia
I'm sure we'll play it again at some
point it's a Friday the 13th is a fine
fallback game you know yeah that's
that's fair that's fair to say I find it
funny that the next update is part 5 and
not Jason X which they already actually
teased oh really yeah you didn't know
they teased no I did not know that these
spoiler yes we know you know maybe we'll
know Oh fine
no I guess I didn't want a spoiler they
dropped a hint that Jason axe is the
thing we might be in food
oh no my take
no spoiler for you for I guess it fine
if you've seen spider-man one and
spider-man 3 you've seen spider-man - no
man spider-man despite of Sam Raimi
spider-man 2 is the good one spider-man
1
Sauron spider-man 3 really falls apart
at the end but spider-man 2 that's
that's the one to watch
your participation dropped by 80% all of
a sudden yeah you're not reading the
chat you know what dropped the new hat
from the back son of a bitch it is fine
it is fine I did some work on this half
in the bag yeah yeah I was there I know
oh that's true yeah
I spent most of my weekend helping make
this half in the bag possible by the way
you're welcome everyone
so Jay must have been ok with it I sent
it I sent it to Jay on Friday forgetting
that B Fest was this weekend and you
know not knowing like how fast they
wanted it and so I I got a ton as
quickly as I could these this thing that
I was helping work on for the half of
the bag and Jay was like oh yeah I'm out
of beat Fest this weekend so you know
thanks but you know don't need this
right now none of my service I was
reading Wikipedia the other day yeah
found out spider-man is the strongest
non divine character he's stronger than
Captain America this is very true half
his problems could be solved by just
punching heads off he's not that
stronger than the whole the hoax not
divine yeah but divine mystical whole is
not mystical I would assume that's what
divine means yeah that's what divine
names but and yeah the character is
probably stronger than a lot of people
assume he is but speedermen
speedermen right but also he you know
he's got a code man he doesn't kill no
one spider-man's no killer it's not
stronger than the thing
no things stronger you're right you're
right and I'm just thinking heroes not
villains Venom's stronger the Scorpion
is stronger
I guess the juggernaut has divine powers
the juggernaut is definitely strong yeah
that's mystical I believe Colossus is
stronger and I don't know up top my head
exactly how strong Colossus is the cost
this is significantly stronger you know
are they putting him in the same
category as mutants you know like who
have divine they're not like Thor right
all right fair enough
juggernaut was a mutant juggernaut is
the brother of Charles Xavier but he
doesn't get his invulnerability from you
powers he gets them from a magic crystal
for a tablet I thought I was a crystal
kairo kairo kairo tank
crystal is got a something called your
name that I can't pronounce right but
his powers are mystical an origin
bizarre though yes anyone can have the
juggernaut powers Saito rad that's it
he has to like recite a code and
everything he has to like he has to like
hold hold a crystal or a tablet and then
recite a code right like an incantation
to get his juggernaut strength thought
jokes got it from his helmet no his
helmet protects him from psychic attacks
the juggernaut so he needs it much much
like Magneto's helmet
thickest helmet also has the
degenerative look in the gym and that is
just no I just don't know
I just don't know for Jimmy's in his
chest right now however you slice at the
juggernauts having a cool head helmet
haha that goofy helmet and his
ridiculous size it's just the best his
ridiculous size is pretty yeah agreed
like the characters design to have no
neck or at least look like he has no
neck right on yeah
Christel of Saito rack is in his chest I
was right you did it
shit
Saamy
yeah just getting old sometimes
oh uh you know I got a doom it feels
like you know if you're looking at a
party looks go a lot of the same thing
we're playing it doom never gets old
that's true does this get old it's
getting it's getting a little repetitive
I know like I I could probably change it
up by choosing some different guns yeah
which actually I might do right now all
right sorry Hey they have some mechanics
that I don't think I'm utilizing quite
to their full potential
yeah so part of it might be on me
dick die
like this there's this invisibility
thing that I don't think I'm using to
its full advantage right but also I
really haven't had to so
is he playing on controller Jack found
this game for 8 bucks on the ps4 that's
why Jack is playing with the controller
yeah it was $8.00 because because I'm a
cheap bastard and I kind of figured I
would only play this game once I did not
want to spend more I did not want to
spend more money than I needed to
this one flips this is neat right here
like the the platforming the movement is
fine
this guy comes out
this like this nice call nice call
go invisible don't see me I've seen me
already equipped
Brown Adam Sandler's has gave the
earlier tip about homecoming
due to character limits from SM for
spider-man and rich reddit as superhero
I don't think I did I was saying
homecoming wasn't my favorite spider-man
movie at first because spider-man - OH
I mean I know I'm prone to saying things
wrong so I'm not gonna say it definitely
didn't but I thought I said spider-man I
don't know - buying games for business
expense