Episode 949
Swab the Deck (Slay the Spire pt 1)
February 5, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dr6L4Rlo2EQ
___________________________________________

everything is good everything looks good
sorry I got shit ready while you were
fucking around in the snow Jack I was
helping people rich you don't help
people when you're late for work you
that's exactly when you help people cuz
what if you were stuck in the snow rich
would you want someone who would you
would still be late for work and that
other person would just drive right by
to get to work on time treat others the
way you want to be treated motherfucker
that's my life if you got nothing else
going on stop to help oh well maybe
maybe if they look elderly if they don't
look like they gonna handle things on
their own maybe you help well you got
shit to do man you got shit to do yeah
it took a what I so I was running a
little bit late from the get-go just
because streets were bad then there were
two cars that were stuck you know cuz
when the the plows plow it's snowing a
lot it was kind of said hi everybody
it's snowing a lot last night today when
the plow is plow a lot of times they'll
leave big chunks yeah of snow and so
cars get stuck and for me as long as
like I'm on a side street like if I'm on
the highway I'm not gonna pull over but
if I'm on a side street and I see a car
stuck I'm gonna pull over and help push
that car out of the snow okay and that
happened a couple times on the way over
here so I was running even later than I
was thinking
wow wow wow and now rich now we're just
saying don't help people don't do that
help people when it's appropriate to
help people Jack it's all when is it
inappropriate to help people you know
that you went down I don't know helping
people just know I told them we might be
late I warned them it's were only 15
minutes late and I warned them rich I
said we might be running a little late
hey we're here Bo and and we're here I
have a game that I am super excited
about I don't know if anyone else will
be excited about this game
but I'm gonna play the shit out of it
and Jack would you stop to help those
people if you knew they voted for Trump
I'd say you're right I have insider
information yeah both those people you
you helped they voted for Trump and I
then I would extra help them to show
them a better way to show and I would
not only help them but I'd give them
some information on the Democratic Party
no of course I would why would you you
wouldn't ask a question like that before
you help someone we start the game you
just hit all dinner because I want a
full script that does full screen but I
want to native full screen there's no
difference is there no difference you're
crazy
wait are you Anna yeah exactly like
Britney's God says wait are you an
asshole like before you help them you
have to go hold on I need a list of
criteria before I help you now that
would be that would be super lame we'll
just help people welcome yes European
European friendly stream Super Bowl
stream we figured most of y'all are
gonna leave us for the Super Bowl anyway
so we might as well get an early
streaming yeah what if they had a trump
bumper sticker I would still help them I
absolutely would the oh here here's when
you when you don't help them is like if
you if you like pull over and they're
like already like flipping you the bird
like what do you pull it over for move
on looking all right that's fine you
know like that if they're a dick right
off the bat then then you don't have to
help how about that
[Music]
superball Jack still doesn't recognize
this audience what would you do if you
got snot stuck in the snow while pulling
over to help them then after you get
them out of the snow they just drive off
um I am prepared I have I have stuff in
the back of my car to deal with snow you
know I do the kitty litter in the back
I'm have a little shovel in the back
like I am fully prepared for snow
situation okay fully prepared for snow
situation okay so this real quick
everyone this is sleigh the spire it's
an early access game it is a game
specifically designed for me and only me
because it is a deck building roguelike
that's also a twin stick shooter that is
it's not a 26 you turds it's just no cuz
you know what they actually they have a
deck building twin stick shooter
roguelike and I didn't like it very much
it's just a deck building roguelike and
it concentrates on like the deck
strategy the mad deck strats and it's
pretty fucking awesome
I'll just compare them to hand of fate
so like hand of fate it's like that
mixture between like your deck and the
action right yeah Arkham combat the
Arkham combat and so like there's that
there's that back and forth this is just
deck all you are concerned about is your
deck it's it's like Marvel legendary
it's like any like card a deck building
game yeah and it's fucking great I think
I downloaded this on Friday yeah okay
baby all done yeah this looks like a
game I want to support and early access
l4d you've told me you've been going
nuts over I I have like 1520 hours in it
I downloaded on Friday it's like I'm
obsessed with it they only have two
characters but that's fun like I haven't
unlocked everything yet I need to play
it more I love big decks and I cannot
lie that's right this is the ghost whale
there are styles stupid pants you hate
it it could you know what I like the art
style I could use a little more
animation but they're adding stuff every
day yeah that's fine so this is the
ghost whale you get to you know at the
start of your deck you get four things
you get to choose from you can upgrade a
card we can obtain three random potions
the chats already winning what do you
mean
mobi deck that's them that's Moby that's
chalk $0.00 Moby deck nice is this more
or less boring than hand of fate you
might find it more boring because
there's no combat it's just playing
cards but I find it so this just carbs
it's just cards okay you're just playing
and I'll show you so let's see here I
can transform because it could be an
exciting string it's I don't care this
is what I'm playing if I wasn't if I
wasn't here I'd be at home playing this
possibly shoveling
let's play it safe let's just upgrade a
card Super Bowl picks look on one hand
you you have a fan base that are
famously assholes and who's that
and the Eagles the Eagles fans are
famously out historically okay there's
there's a famous incident where they
beat up Santa Claus one year I think I
think you you've told me that but then I
don't know if I got the actual story by
night I don't recall the details I just
know there was some kind of drunken riot
where the person who was at the stadium
to be Santa Claus got beat up by the
Eagles fans classy and then in the other
the other hand you have a team that are
famously assholes there's no one to root
for well it's like I understand why
people don't like the Yankees you've
explained that to me yes the Yankees you
know bye-bye victory by victory why do
people not like the Patriots there have
been few cheating scandals deflategate
where they did something but the balls
to give them an advantage yeah yeah I
remember that there's some kind of like
when they spied on other teams during
practice some weird like that going on
okay over the years have been like
multiple allegations of some shady
practices the team has done to give
themselves an edge okay I get you jack a
friend of mine invented maze based board
game if I send you a copy would you play
it yeah yeah send its copy that's okay
that seems it's so-so you have fans who
are assholes and a team who's an asshole
yeah so then we got to vote for the
Eagles right we got to hope for the egos
know about them just cuz the fans are
also left that man but that doesn't mean
that the players are assholes I would
rather vote for for you know good
players asshole fans over good fans
asshole players and I'm going to abstain
because I don't like either choice so
before we get into politics can you
please go on with the game
okay so you get to choose a starting
path and if you see over here you got
our legend here we've got regular bosses
these little guys are shops question
marks can be a bunch of other things you
get like so
times you get like FTL type events or
you know a little blubber slurp of text
and you have to make a decision these
guys with the horns are elite bosses and
they drop extra treasure when you beat
them okay and you know it and fires are
where you can you can do certain things
like you can get some health back you
can upgrade cards there's things you can
do it fires and all leading up to the
big boss and so we have to kind of
choose our path here and they have $99
is this randomized each time you play
absolutely yep it's all randomized let's
see what I think I'm gonna do is go guy
guy question guy question boss
question question treasure fire okay the
same can you backtrack you cannot
backtrack so you can't do all of the
things you can no there is no way to do
all of the things there's no grinding
okay you know like so I see cards so
this is it it's just a deck building
game these are the enemies the enemies
do Telegraph their attacks so I know
this guy is gonna attack me for five
this guy is gonna attack me for 10 how
do you defend from attacks well you have
defend cards okay gain five block and
you have strike you have attacked cards
and then later as you build your deck
you get modifiers you get it's it's who
it's just all that that classic like get
rid of the weak cards get your get the
good cards get the combo I I was
watching I was watching a YouTube video
of a guy playing this and he found a
combination where he was beating every
single person in front of him with two
cards in his deck okay and just two
cards over he found like the right two
combination of cards boopity guarantee
you get those cards every time no no
it's all it's all right okay okay but
like any good roguelike rich I think you
need that everyone's but in every every
encounter you can't guarantee you get
those particular cards exactly okay so
know the star is just aligned and he
happened to get the two perfect car
every time well oh no he actually
cleared out his deck cuz you can get rid
of cards sometimes okay so he made it so
that he only had two cards in his entire
Dec oh that seems like cheating well it
was strategy he's strategizing
all right well here's my take on this is
I think any good rogue like everyone and
a hundred runs you need to have a
ridiculously overpowered run sure sure
just just to make up for the 99 other
times that you get your face stomped in
right it just seems like bad deck
building design if you could take out
every card that sucks and just keep the
only two and you're guaranteed those
every but but every encounter knows what
kinda bullshit but he he worked for that
alright he wore alright alright alright
so what I'm going to do this round is
I'm gonna defend so I'm gonna put on
some shield alright so I put on fifteen
shield here and so they're their attacks
are going to be negated we only use
three cards you you can only use three
energy okay and then I'll explain that
in a second here so you have three
energy to work with and as you see each
of these cards have a little energy cost
to them I'm a good card cost too
well let's oh wait no you do 10 damage
yes okay perfect
so we're gonna block this guy when user
one bash to kill kill that guy boom so
he's gonna still attack us for seven so
we're still gonna get hit for two but
we'll take it
okay it's like the Trump presidency it's
randomized every time it's every day
every day it's a new it's a new kind of
torture
absolutely absolutely I'm with you
it's the early stream due to weather
actually it's a late stream due to
weather that was supposed to be a little
bit earlier we're 15 minutes late that's
that's well within ish time I feel I
said 1:30 okay and we started at 1:45 so
I think we're still in the in the issues
own I'm comfortable I'm comfortable here
it's you they're like these first couple
battles won't be very exciting because I
have all the starter cars you know yeah
wait till we get some more cards good
this how do you get the wus that's a
particular attack that Bacchae does but
if he hits you and it's unblocked you
get a wound you discard piles so then
the wounds get shuffled onto your deck
yeah good shit all right let's see what
cards we got here deal 5 damage twice
game - why are they streaming so early
in the day because of the fucking
Superbowl
today is the big sports game and even
though I'm sure a large majority of our
fans don't necessarily care about sports
because we're videogame people you know
it's it's a big thing that a lot of
people like to watch so yeah I'm not
gonna watch it I'm gonna go home and nod
I'm probably gonna go home and play this
but Richard voice Michelangelo and the
Ninja Turtles cartoon so the lamest one
I know Michelangelo has his fans but in
my eyes he's just the lamest he's these
the goofballs yeah it's the lamest
turtle yeah I also I don't see you as
the Michelangelo I think you're more the
Donatello you don't think I think so no
well as far as Mike Mike my personal
favorite no no I mean what what your
voice would work good okay yeah probably
the Donatello if you were going to voice
a ninja turtle you would be Donatello
my favorite is Leo he's got thorns he's
got the Fords Ryan my favorite who's
Donna tell him Donna thought was fine
choice I like Donatello I like the staff
go the rafts just kind of a hot-headed
asshole yeah yeah he like he's a
goofball
well I think Leo would be my second
choice
then maybe Michelangelo Raphael at the
last yeah I think so okay that's
probably what I would do so if you see
here like he doesn't have an attack
above his head this time chat
this enemy intends to use a buff so
that's why I was free to just attack
this turn because I know he's known me
haven't they streamed over other Super
Bowls actually we've usually done in
early stream on the Super Bowl Sunday I
think that this is a normal this is a
yearly thing yeah do you only first
printings of the Ninja Turtle comics I
couldn't afford
they have they had they had fucking
four-digit print runs hmm if that right
by the time you knew by the time anyone
knew what the ninja turtles were no one
could afford first place
have you seen the images for the new
cartoon it looks kind really are they
canceling the CGI one there is it's done
I believe is done
I believe I mean was that was one of the
better incarnations of the demon that
first season was pretty good the first
season was awesome it got worse after
that yeah but it's still pretty fun that
first season was really fucking awesome
my favorite splinter yes Wow you know
much like Aunt May we finally got a
splinter that wasn't a worthless piece
of shit I wouldn't go that far but ya
know the new design they're going
they're going very very cartoony like
that I think they're turning Raph into
like a big muscle-bound dude like every
all the turtles have like unique
character designs it looks super and
their weapons glow for some reason Len
yeah their weapons work all right
whatever
yeah didn't look like anything I would
be interested in
your skills work great I'm shocked they
didn't make one female now no remember
they tried to do that in the in the live
actions turtle TV show and it was a
horrible disaster did you ever see that
no I never saw my god what a turd what a
turd using some of the costumes you know
from like the movies and the the live
stage show yeah and then they and then
they invented Venus yeah female turtle
who was awful oh man can't make that
mistake again and they got April she's
the she's the lady all right here we go
so as you walk into the room you hear a
gurgling and grinding of metals before
he was a slime like creature that ate
too much scrap for its own good
from the center of the creature you see
glints of strange light perhaps
something magical it looks like you can
get some treasure if you reach inside
it's opening however the acid and sharp
objects may hurt lose 3hb 25% chance to
find a relic yep ouch
all you find is corroded metal and a bit
of burning pain however you're still
convinced there's a relic so now I lose
forage in for a penny check I know yeah
absolutely no do you gain HP there's
certain potions that do it there's
certain cards that do it or there
there's a fires that you stop at then
you can gain HB all right we're gonna
try again because relics are powerful
damn it
one more time sure fuck it we're all in
America but Jesus Christ
alright we finally got a fucking relic
okay so this is my starting relic which
is I heal six HP at the end of all
combat which is very nice my new relic
is whenever you enter a rest site start
the next combat with two extra energy
dots kind of lame but whatever
it's not quite my evil laugh that's that
was more of a witch's cackle tech yeah
cackle cackle yeah kind of deliberately
evil laughs bitches deeper that's good
that's the evening life
I won't feel to kill him this time
should be I spent too much I spent too
much HP digging through that slime
monster
I got my relic and it definitely was not
worth it
by the way to have any recent favorite
movies beside Mad Max what do you mean
by favorite well let's think of a recent
movie that you enjoy all right I'm
coming
oriental galaxy - just that's two good
ones
we're watching any new TV shows none
that you probably will end up liking
watching that new season of the
librarians with Karen you're right
that's a good show that's one of them
it's one of them cute shows slight
adventure doesn't take itself that
seriously sure
rich hates DC confirmed DC still hasn't
made a good movie
I'm sorry Wonder Woman wasn't that good
Wonder Woman was acceptable kind of
flubbed the ending but yeah I thought it
was better than you did but ending kind
of flopped but yeah but besides that
what are they got suelze quark night but
I don't think that's what they're
talking about
I don't like any stories oh my god any
of these cards I caught up on the
librarians I haven't seen the last
episode that and the the last of the
seasons next so I'm basically I'm
waiting to the end of the season to
watch the last - okay
we usually a two-parter sure I started
watching I'm two episodes into the new
Netflix series altered carbon yeah some
trailers for that I'm not know I've seen
the chat mentioned it what is what does
they deal with altered carbon it's it's
Netflix it's a Netflix original and it's
their attempt to like have a blade
runner-esque cyberpunk detective story
so it's like in the future the the basic
sci-fi enos of it is we found a way to
transfer all consciousness into this
little disc that gets inserted into the
back of our head yeah and so if you have
enough money and resources you can
essentially live forever
yep buy a new body buy a new body and so
you know these a big class stuff and our
hero is a mercenary from 250 years ago
who was trying to take down the man the
system okay and got put in jail and 250
years later he's hired by a super-rich
guy to figure out who killed the super
rich guy okay and it's it's a decent
premise it's got some fun visuals and it
is in exceptionally mediocre okay it is
it's not terrible and it's not even like
it's it's borderline between acceptable
and good yeah what do you call that it's
just like okay
passable it's passable it and it's
frustratingly passable because there are
a lot of things that are really neat
about it like some really good art
direction some really good sci-fi II
stuff yeah boobs always always nice
that we got boobs but it is just it's so
generic that it hurts you do every
episode you like oh sorry
I'm just I don't even like two episodes
and I don't know if I'm gonna finish it
oh and it's only six episodes yeah oh
it's mediocre its mediocre as
maybe I want to do that I think it's ten
episodes is it and then it's me still
mediocre any interest in playing Monster
Hunter world not today no I played they
had the what was it even a there on the
3ds or something they had a free Monster
Hunter weekend yeah down downloaded play
it for free
you know you get like an hour free play
time or whatever yeah yeah demo oh yeah
to see what it's like and I played an
hour of it because I know people love
the Monster Hunter game and after an
hour I still cannot tell you anything of
substance about that game okay it's it's
so deep I know a lot of people were
comparing it to like like a better
version of find giant monsters oh yeah
dark rising I got there like a plea
fucker blank dark Dragon's Dogma
Dragon's Dogma it's a like a better
version of Dragon's Dogma
I believe that's the game people were
comparing it to I couldn't be
misremembering hmm hmm interesting
it sounds like a game where during a
stream would be a bad time to pick it up
sure
like we'd want to get a solid 1520 hours
into it and then maybe stream it yeah
gotcha
yeah gotcha oh I know I still haven't
seen a futile and stupid gesture I
really want to though have you heard of
that it is uh it's it's the story of
National Lampoon as directed by David
Wain the guy who does what had American
summer okay okay and it's supposed to be
great okay I'm really excited to see it
I have tried on several occasions to
convince Lisa to watch it with me hey
wanna watch this movie you like wet hot
American summer we like david whele on
it sorry National Lampoon she's like I
gotta I gotta wait I gotta wait and
watch that one by myself
does it get much deeper than this or is
this a tutorial part or something the
things Jack as you gain cards it gets
deeper and deeper and there's there's
levels of strategy that right now I
don't have a really good deck it does
get deeper yes
it does it does get deeper right now
it's not exceptionally deep because
we're still I've only had one two three
four or five six you know I'm only on
the seventh level of the first world so
I hate real-time strategy so I have I
have deliberately avoided it Jack have
you played much in the real-time
strategy genre I have and I also don't
much care for oh god there's just too
much happening there's just too much
going on I can't stand the real-time
multitasking I hate him told me to play
Donna for me we're hammered are warm
yeah cuz that was the easy one yeah I
was like the simplified I understand it
mm-hm I I desperately wanted to love
homeworld yeah well you build you know
spaceships looks it looks a fucking
gorgeous spaceships 3d real-time
strategy that I couldn't stand it there
there is one exception to the real-time
strategy rule yeah there's one game I've
played and I actually I need to find a
copy because I remember really enjoying
it back in the day but I'm sure it's
garbage yeah there is a alien versus
Predator realtime strategy game for the
PlayStation 2 yeah
aliens Predators and human soldiers yeah
and I remember it being really fun
especially being the aliens liking us
setting up your nests attacking humans
and predators I think I've seen videos
of this game I remember it being really
fun but of course I haven't played it in
20 years right or whatever whenever came
out yeah
when homeworld though it's just such a
beautiful beautiful game the manuals
just beautiful storytelling with so much
in-depth information about this world
and then most of its you know not really
relevant it just gets you into the world
of the game yeah that's real time
strategy but you know I don't care if
you could pause it's just not a is that
a genre that's meant for me I don't care
if you could pause
[Laughter]
it still still feels like a clusterfuck
I don't care if you I don't care if you
can pause make your own terms adds a lot
of bullshit you know it it's not the
same thing it's not organized like a
turn-based strategy like an ex-con DOS
rich you can squish guys with tanks
that's from that's great this is a real
time strategy I don't give a shit
[Laughter]
what's FTL it's not a real-time strategy
yes FTL moves in real time and you pause
but you know damn well that it's a
different beast from a fucking homeworld
or I was gonna say world Warcraft and
people associate that with either that's
more the more per gun not that back in
the day I mean I'm an old man I remember
when Warcraft was just a real-time
strategy game like the original oh okay
but you dim will know that FTL is a
fucking world apart from something like
a Starcraft
oh absolutely absolutely the the pause
is part of the mecan't is part of the
gameplay mechanic I feel and it doesn't
matter you've mastered FTL to the point
of even no pause runs what you're
focusing on one enemy that's true yeah
true there's multiple aspects to one
enemy but nice perfect timing
that's a pretty good path the why are
you writing off other games instantly
because I know what I like I know when
something looks like something I don't
like fuck off uh-huh uh-huh do you not
like deck-building games well you have
to play every single one because they're
different games it might be different
you're running off the ball I hate
people so much I hate people so much I
mean that's fair that's fair hate him
hate him you have to play 100% of every
game we have everything of every game
all the time I'm not like the single RTS
yet but I have to play them all because
you know I can't write them all off
that's true
that's true
that's it that's a better question is
there one RTS game that you would say
you do like like like like if you want
to define FTL as an RTS even though it
doesn't play much like your traditional
realtime strategy like if you talking
about your traditional realtime strategy
yeah not really okay not like I said I
desperately wanted to love home right I
just liked it like the I'm talking about
the overarching like you know drag your
you know
click yes select a big bunch of troops
and send them this way have you have you
ever played a game like that that you
like no not really
okay I've tried and no that's fair you
don't have to I mean of course you have
to what am I saying you know what's
wrong with you
what is this your friendly stream hi
Green Bob load yes because of American
football we are streaming a little early
today or it's also called football well
if they're from Europe well I'm not I
was being considerate to our European
neighbors I don't want any of those
cards I don't like them I don't want
them I don't like them
I wanna restart it something I don't
think we're getting tips okay
restart it make it happen
great we're doing great you play
football with your feet yes
do we know why American football is
called football if I had to presume yeah
I haven't researched this it's because
measuring distance is such a big part of
the game somebody feed somebody yards
from the goal you have to get this many
feet before you get a first down
football is very much a sport of
measurements I suppose that's true
yeah that's a good way to that's a good
way to think about it I like that but I
don't I don't know if that's actually
why it's called that that would just be
my if I had to guess that would be my
first guess my presumption that's a
that's a really fit in fact that's so
clever I don't think it's true it's what
I'm gonna say right that's just way too
clever it's like white cuz you start the
game by kicking a ball with your foot
and so you foot the ball there you know
that's why we call it football right
right
football got its name because it's
played on foot versus on horse I like it
was it was competing with polo at the
time rich
[Laughter]
so yeah the big deal with the Super Bowl
yeah the Super Bowl supposedly they're
gonna debut the Han Solo trailer what
yeah as this official Ursus is this pure
speculation
ie I've heard this elsewhere I think
it's official yeah
is it an advertising blunder that movies
designed to appeal to our fans our fans
are the kind of people who are here
saying why aren't you screaming during
the Superbowl because I don't give a
fuck about the Superbowl sure that's
true so is this actually an advertising
blunder or haha or has Disney reached
the point where the NFL is paying them
[Laughter]
do you know how many more viewers we
could get if we debut of the Han Solo
like what if Disney is like just finding
all the profit they can anywhere they
could right I don't think that's true by
the
and that's true star what if star wars
is no longer a nerd thing
Star Wars is is just a general audience
thing now I'm sure at one point the Star
Wars was a nerd thing is that why it's
so stupid
then dorbz Stinson I don't know what's
exactly going on here and then keeps
going but after a rough weekend a euro
friendly stream is exactly what I need
right now
thanks guys you're welcome Jericho G
says this is the first time I catch you
guys streaming live high but you're
older streams have entertained me during
my busy work days well great I don't
have anything clever to say but that's
only because I'm from Finland yeah
Finland but all Finland down man I mean
I'm sure Finland has done some great
things
we're not Oh probably I don't know but
I'm sure it's happening all right purple
space bazooka says hi guys my have you
seen the new black mirror series I
haven't I did I haven't seen the new
season I understand I need to yeah it's
supposed to be pretty good I had been
watching some old Twilight Zone episodes
oh yeah it's just a fine show you know
there's rumor out there I don't know how
confirmed this is that the Jordan Peele
is bringing Twilight Zone to CBS all
access would be the third time they've
rebooted The Twilight Zone
oh did they reboot it one sorry didn't
the 80s the 80s version actually isn't
bad oh yeah and then they did it in the
early 2000s was Laurence Fishburne was
the narrator no way someone someone
famous was the narrator uh-huh I don't
remember who for sure and then
apparently Jordan Peele is gonna do it
now so fine filmmaker there's there's
some kind of tone I don't think you can
get away with now that they had back
then where those old Twilight Zone
episodes I mean you can do those two
stage plays and I think if you tried to
do a show exactly in the style of the
old toy
zone right now yeah it would be written
office just too cheesy but it's
something they can get away with in the
50s oh absolutely
no they won't be in the exact same style
it'll be more black mirror kind of yeah
yeah yeah
alright so so by the way we're here at
the bonfire and I have full health so I
don't need to health and at the bonfire
the other thing you can do is upgrade
one card and so what's taking me so long
here is I'm trying to figure out a
strategy here for example we got this
card which lets me gain two strength
with mate which basically means every
attack I use is more powerful and I
could upgrade it to say game three
strength which would be very helpful or
I have this card which is really neat
which is at the end of your turn for
each attack played you deal one damage
to all enemies yeah and you know later
on you you face multiple enemies at one
time and so it's like it's just bonus
damage and that changes from costing me
one energy to costing me nothing and so
that's just bonus damage yeah very good
options and so I'm just trying to figure
out what is going to do me the the most
good it might be fire-breathing just
extra damage all the time for free I
think there's no matches so that's what
I got just wanted to walk you through
some of my thinking on this video game
stream talking about video games but is
it
but is it who dad okay let's go to this
one for no particular reason we're
missing another Dead Rising 2 stream for
this crap absolutely
rich we'll be back with another dead
rising mystery machine I'm sure don't
worry
don't worry about it
oh I should have done that that would
have been smarter know what we'll see if
I can take these guys out easier so you
didn't know about the 80s when wet zone
I didn't know about the 80s or the 2012
I toned I haven't seen either of those
Grateful Dead did the song for the 80s
version oh yeah
creepy as fuck watch just watch the
intro for like Twilight Zone 1985 yeah
86 when whatever there goes out that
intro so amazingly creepy and unsettling
and you say like overall it's pretty
good oh we're all it's pretty good that
show yeah what if it's streaming
anywhere I'll have to check that out I'm
a fan of the old you know the 50s oh
yeah yeah
don't just find the audio find the
visuals - that went with it oh yeah yeah
we just wanted to say I really enjoyed
the Friday the 13th stream on Wednesday
had a lot of fun watching it thank you
thank you I know you played it the other
day actually I read downloaded it at
home because now it has you know also
some bonus stuff and I played a couple
rounds yeah didn't have the same feeling
kind of missing missing some yeah I
don't know if you just like everybody
just been playing for so long now that
that like everyone's just kind of they
know their place and they're just like
yeah they just run it through the
motions it wasn't as fun for me you just
had a bad night I guess I haven't I
haven't been playing unless we're
streaming it yeah so master
remind Jack that he has an automatic six
block if he doesn't use block thank you
God did forget that you're absolutely
right
I have a power that if I don't have any
block on I just gained six block and so
like for example this one this defend
card only gives me five blocks so I'd be
better off not playing it
okay we're gonna do this this I get to
place a card in the discard what about
the Forest Whitaker Twilight Zone uh to
be honest I I've never even seen an
episode is that the 2001 yep with Forest
Whitaker really that's what the chat
saying I couldn't remember who did it
was someone famous was the narrator sure
yeah I believe Forest Whitaker cuz he
has that kind of creepy vibe to him he's
got the Creepo vibe
all right draw one card please cut it
from your hand on
yeah that will give that try oh oh thank
you cinnamon for that link I'll check
that out later I finished reading the
purple space bazooka tip oh yes I
tracked oh you seen the new black Muir
series the crocodile episode made me
think of you guys oh it's like a
futuristic Columbo but gets super dark
at the end anyway happy superb owl okay
but by the way isn't that all the black
mirror episodes it's like this but then
gets super dark at the end well I'll
have to take your word for it
have you not seen anybody oh it's a lot
of it's really good I hear I keep
hearing oh we definitely want to do that
one flow since Key says my mom asked me
if there were any fictional deaths I'm
not over she fell out of her seat
laughing when I joked Susan from
Seinfeld any fictional character this
you're not over for me Charlie and lost
oh that was that was a tough one
absolutely that was a tough one I did
not
I suppose after this Prime counts
because that's when I left the
Transformers best rules you you you are
so not over it's still something you
think about daily you just you wake up
every moment and and there's there's a
small period of time where you forget
that Optimus died once and you're happy
but then it all comes rushing back
Optimus no that's notable it did
instantly kill a franchise how I can I
was a kid mmm-hmm I was like there's a
clear line of me being interested in
transformers and me being not interested
in transformers and that's that's the
line yeah yeah their attempt to get me
to buy more toys backfire and horribly
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
trying to think I'm trying to think of
cuz it would have to be from a
long-running series you know someone
where you just really love all the
characters and then all of a sudden one
of them is dead there's probably oh
there's nothing I can think of off the
top of my head no nothing that like
scarred me so much it's something I
think about all the time I'm like
optimus
[Music]
picks a mute is that aliens
oh it's three technically for alien 3
[Music]
[Music]
we need to get him to 414 damage oh okay
great
then we're good we're doing great we're
doing great this is a boss okay and
we're doing great I'll take your word
for that
we're doing Easy's kind of an ease and
easier boss cuz he has a he has a very
these bosses are these goop guys have
split and so when their HP is below 50%
they split into smaller lines okay but
splitting also stops their current
action so he was about to hit me for 35
yeah that would've worked out for you
that would have done a lot of damage but
I was able to split them so they're you
know like these are the Shu these are
the mad these are the mad drats here
[Music]
[Music]
so he's at 42 so I need to get him down
to 21 and I can do 12 plus 11 okay yeah
what's the normal strike there huh
no one strike on me does 8 damage you
can't kill him anyway the one that's
about to hit you for 16 but I can get
him down to 21 so he'll split and he
won't attack me let's look at let's look
at the what's the one that cost two
energy at launch that's 12 that's 12
damage yeah what's the normal strike is
8 damage it's only 4 difference plus but
those this one adds 3 vulnerable which
means my next strike will be even worth
even more okay okay so I think if I do
if I do the 12 and the 11 well that gets
him down to 21 right there okay and I
get to draw an extra card if I use this
one that's my that's my thinking's here
yeah and then I just I said I just and I
saw I drew that defense card which would
have been useless for me anyway so I
thought clear that which is great
you know ken doses instead of saying
jump the shark can we start saying fuck
the volcano God do you guys have any
scripted comedy plan that isn't related
to the usual rlm content thanks for the
laughs all right look how many beds are
related to the normal Ireland I think he
might have just been taught
Swedish hey Isis hey rich hey tip an
attempt how about a dead rising
retrospective of you you have a lot of
good things to say talk through the
games illustrate how the games evolved
and deteriorated deteriorated from
origin I don't I don't think that many
people care other than me like a few
other people really care and the people
who care they already know what went
wrong
[Laughter]
senior fun nugget ice I believe the nerd
crew episodes are scripted it should mix
the mix there's a fair amount of
improvising so around says rich can you
buying me some sea monkeys and grow them
for me then send them in the mail know
what buy your own damn sea monkeys
damn joke I made see monkeys is kind of
a racist jackass anyway watch this whole
thing about him you want on the youtubes
you wants what the guy who invented sea
monkeys
yeah the popular children's toy yeah it
was also just like a huge white
supremacist voices bastard yeah that's
awful yes it is awful yes yes it is
awful yeah like he invented sea monkeys
and then he also invented some kind of
like cattle prod thing that white
supremacist could beat black people
whether how are those two adventures
related like a lot of times like Oh
someone's really into robotics they
admit this robot they invented this
robot he's like sea monkeys cattle-prod
like print ads for both what where do
you advertise that kind of cattle prod
probably in some kind of racist
newsletter I don't know well there you
go that's crazy
alright we got it we got we got some
tough decisions to make you rich yeah
this one gives us three curses but three
also three relics that's that's these
things and these are like superpowers
okay that you know helped us most of the
time yeah
then we got this one which replaces
burning blood which at the end of each
combat I heal 10 HP okay right now at
the end of each combat I heal 6 HP okay
you know it's not a big difference but
could be you know could add they don't
stack the this doesn't stack with this
it would replace that so I would only
gain for you no HP at the end of each
battle but that could you know that
could be helpful or this is a dice roll
I could get three great relics
what's the feather is uh for every five
cards in your deck heal two HP whenever
you enter a rest site so like you know
right now I would get six HP just for
entering the rest site yeah
that's not that's not good I think I
might roll the dice you you you you do
what you think you must I don't know how
bad the curses are so it's really hard
for me to give you feedback on this
sometimes they're bad sometimes and like
sometimes it's just a card in your hand
that doesn't do anything and takes up
space yeah sometimes it's a card where
if you have it in your hand at the end
of that round it does something bad to
you yeah but I could get three great
relics let's find out okay
the Bell toll so I get so this I cannot
play more than three cards this turn
that sucks at the end of your turn lose
one HP for each card in your hand not
the worst
and if transformed or removed from your
deck lose three max HP
oh that's not so bad that's fine
and I got a pair so I get max a max HP
up upon pickup upgrade to random skills
that's pretty nice blood vial at the
start of oh nice at the start of each
combat heal to HP that's great and I get
two nice defense that's fine
does the background ever change it feels
like we're not really advancing well
this is an early access right this is
this you can see right here it says
early access oh 14 this is very early
access like they're still adding like
animations to the enemies step in here
for a second which is gonna step in
which is the master are you very vocal
about despising early access why the
fuck you playing an early access game I
was also very vocal about about letting
that go recently oh yeah I missed that
what was it about they were there there
was like a deluge of games recently was
just like it's early
I was vocal against it because I was
trying to stop a tidal wave from coming
and that tidal wave is this which is
like oh with the games out now this is
when people are gonna be talking about
gonna be playing it you've got you the
early access does not mean what it used
to mean just wait till it's done
you could or I could play it now yeah
but no I've been slowly like I've been
slowly beaten down over several games
and I've talked about it here and there
for for a while okay for a while it's
just like there's just no point anymore
there's just no goddamn point anymore
they're gonna they're gonna keep doing
it
I guess it's a good it could be a good
thing for game makers because this is a
source of early revenue that helps them
finish the game but wait he's Jax
starting over no now this is world - I
know it looks the same as world one but
now we're on world 2 and I get all these
things and I got bigger health and I
have all this money so this time I want
to go I want to make sure I swing by a
store because I have all this money
whatever something-something it's a rich
man's world
so I can go question my question mark
guy thing question mark question mark
shop right away that could be good guy
guy boss let's go this way
nonnamous says after jack said he spent
$100 at the cheese castle i took it upon
myself to buy a cheese making kit i did
not spend $100 at the cheese castle all
you have to do is i'm just reading
things on the other do is boil milk well
that was a horrible disaster buy cheese
from the store are you talking about a
hiatal is that the cheese factory paid
the money for the tip I read the thing
and I guess they just wanted to start a
rumor that you spent $100 the cheese
castle that was their sole goal what are
you time I have by the way I have never
been to the cheese castle Karen loves
its cheese guys in my entire life I have
never been to the cheese cake every time
Karen drives by the cheese council she's
got to stop by the cheese guys I I'm a
big fan of cheese
I enjoy cheese I have never been to the
cheese castle what is the cheese castle
okay the cheese castle is a tourist trap
that you see shortly after going over
the Illinois to Wisconsin border yes
Wisconsin cheese uh hey let's make a
cheese castle put it right on the border
and people coming to visit I stopped by
the cheese castle for the famous
Wisconsin cheese
nowhere near as big a tourist trap is
wall drunk though oh my god what a what
a what a waste of space if you ever
decide to drive West South Dakota you
know from Wisconsin to South Dakota in
South Dakota you will be inundated you
will be barrage with advertisements for
wall drug and a stretcher oh there's
nothing on this stretch of road you're
driving through nothing you driving
through desert and prairies all you see
is every few miles a sign for wall
dragon each sign is different yeah come
to visit wall drugs see the wall drug
there go all kinds of cute or goofy
signs and then you get there it's just a
just a fucking tourist trap a place
where you can buy shit oh it's awful
North Dakota north and maybe noisy
tonight one of the baggage just know
it's one of the Dakotas yeah maybe North
Dakota it's it's terrible and it's it's
supposed to be like an Old West town
that's kind of a shtick but they it's
also just a hodgepodge of gift shops
yeah that's all it is with wood floors
it's terrible what I what a waste
where is your blade Hansen's rich you
and Jack have kept me hey it's free with
your streams Wow and my doctor confirmed
keep up the good work
PS if you need any razor blades
installed I know a guy okay
okay turtle the license rich what is
your favorite and or scariest episode of
The Twilight Zone every series from
every decade included it's not a good
ones to choose from try the episodes
yeah
there's the bomb shelter one there's one
family in the town although you know the
neighborhood you know they'll get along
together I think it starts there like a
neighborhood get-together mhm
and they hear that nuclear war is about
to break out but only one of the
families in the neighborhood has built
themselves a bomb shelter and they all
turn against each other
former friends shirt against each other
and ends up being a false alarm with the
bomb shelter but that's that's a good
one
classic twice yeah yeah that's great
the monsters are due on Maple Street was
that was that the water was not the one
with the the the fake alien invasion
there was another one that was similar
the episode is called the shelter by the
way yeah yeah for those who wanted to
know
I remember the silly one
where the one guy he's has planned to
defeat all evil in the world is midnight
he's just going to cause every evil
person to shrink what yeah it's a really
business hour episode it was guys this
guy's not all there oh sure he's trying
to convince someone that he's going to
turn all of the the evil people in the
world 3 inches tall come midnight nobody
believes him but and then no midnight
comes and of course he's the one who
shrinks to be 3 inches tall cuz he's
evil
he didn't you didn't we didn't figure on
that not at necessarily McAfee
[Music]
which did you like dead rising for did
you like AIDS throw lambs football
famous says I'm sorry for running off
with the gas last stream Jason was
coming after me and I was too panicked
to remember the drop large item
keybinding here's $2 to make up for
getting you killed
you were you were playing as Vanessa you
had no business putting the gas in the
car she has a terrible prepare staff
terrible
way to be Vanessa you borked it you
borked it did you watch did you watch
that stream I'm assuming you didn't I I
was pumping in here and there throughout
the night but I didn't I didn't watch it
for very long no I think I think playing
with the Chad's done what I said well
for one you're all terrible coach for
another thing that some assholes just
reaps nothing that's no folks playing as
Jason he kept finding bait we're weird
and then I hit the button to turn the
screen off the visuals off yeah suddenly
he was wasn't fighting me anymore we
thought he was so cute what a dick I'm
just think I'm just thinking you
dickhead yeah got himself a fan right
afterwards good yeah good good
he also took hostages and wanted to
exchange them for Rich's position like
what's the deal what's the point just to
kill rich and stream like when you cheat
what's the point you just look like a
jackass right
don't let one asshole
Hornet rich I think I think we've had
better games just playing with randoms
yeah yeah and there's always still the
possibility that you'll get a stream
sniper or whatever but yeah
some guy took his girlfriend hostage
on-screen unless which gave up his
position yeah yeah the Nomad geek says
keep up the good work our lemon prereq
rules both the Lord humungus and
immortan joe wasteland okay it's true we
do charge the time for large humungous
so well-spoken but he's wearing that
ridiculous outfit means alone just walk
away just walk away yeah I'll probably
take Lord humungus over a Morning Joe
yeah yeah they're both they're both fine
characters
what about the toecutter it's just an
asshole biker guy there's a villain on
the first one played by the guy who
eventually did
immortan joe oh really yeah oh
that's what's going on Jack I'm at a
shop the nice thing you can do at a shop
is you can this is one of the areas
where you can get rid of a card in your
hand
yeah cost it cost a little bit of money
but you can mean to permanently remove a
card from your hand so you start getting
rid of those weaker cards and I have a
ton of money to spend and just nothing
here that I really love I do I do have
this I have this impervious or there's a
some pervious card which is gained 30
block which is pretty big like 30 shield
but any shield you accumulates
disappears after your enemies turn like
when you start your new turn all your
shield goes away and so but basically
this could stop me from dying yeah but I
have another card in my deck which is
this barricade block no longer expires
at the start of your turn so if I play
this and then play the other one I can
keep all of the block that I've
accumulated you you you do what you must
and so it could work out really nice um
I probably should have gotten rid of one
of my curse cards I wasn't even thinking
about that so it could turn out really
nice if if I get them in the right order
that I'd have a ton of let's do it let's
do that some potion here
got some potions damage all anyways this
could work this is you know this is the
kind of the strategy of the game is you
know refine taking your deck and
refining it so that you get all only the
good cards so I also bought another one
of these fire-breathing cards which I
have right here which is at the end of
each turn for each attack played you
deal one damage to enemy so if I play
both of them I'm now dealing two attack
to each enemy every single turn it could
it could be nice okay okay I'm coming
you know I'm the strategy is starting to
formulate here in world 2
so see you took that weird
off-the-beaten-path route I did because
it had a shop closer and it had an
elites which you know drops one of these
big guys I could have gone the other
route and did more question marquee
things but you know those are gamble
it's good stuff or not so the chat can't
believe you didn't rid yourself of one
of those persons I wasn't thinking that
I was definitely not paying attention
when can you remove those only only
either at shops or I need a special item
and I could remove them at fires there's
very few places that I can remove curses
so I really should have absolutely
damnit
it's alright this is it's a it's a
decent start a decent start I got that
barricade so now any black eye game
didn't you have two zero cards one those
have been free uses they would but they
also some cards say let's see if I have
one here no with some cards say did see
here at the end here it says exhaust
which means you can only use it once
okay in in the entire battle and it
applies one week to all enemies but the
enemy wasn't attacking me that route
that turned so it would have been
useless I'm saving it to come up again
okay oh what's wrong oh he gave me the
confusion disadvantage which is whenever
you draw a card it randomizes its cost
and so like you know like these are now
free to use but they're weak cards but
you know this one zero zero well then
you got your use your defense cuz you
got that block thing yeah yeah maybe my
gain strength oh yeah we can do that for
sure
what are these do if transformed or
removed for each card in your hand son
of a bitch
okay
it's fine everything's gonna be fine
sometimes it works out in my favor where
you know the randomization can give me
[Music]
yeah we wanna tackies great great great
great and then we are going to great
everything's great
I see that feeling pretty I'm feeling
good about it so far got play more than
three cards this time so I have to
remember that can't play that anyway
oh I wanted that alright great
they were Jack what what what combos
yeah hello that's a perfect timing from
that card I really should have gotten
rid of that card that card is probably
gonna end up killing me
did it mother
someone make rich talk about spider-man
what do you want me to say about
spider-man
do you like the spider-man it's fine
yeah how do you feel about that
spider-man do you do you think the
spider-man is cool thanks I don't
understand the hype for the new one the
game I don't understand the hype she's
everyone seems hyped and the game
doesn't look that amazing I I like the
you know there's pluses and minus the
minuses the idea of a Arkham style
spider-man game could be really good
that combat could work exceptionally
well with spider-man in fact I think
we've said that before is this combat
would work really great with spider-man
yeah the damn
the downside is of course if we don't
get that and we only get QuickTime
events if every boss in that game is
gonna be a shitty QuickTime event every
fucking boss because you know what the
Arkham games don't do well boss fights
every fucking boss encounter and the
game's gonna be shitty cinematics where
you occasionally hit extra square sure
angle that's very possible
absolutely
that's very very possible
I hope not but you know it could be I
think people are people just want
spider-man games people like spider-man
some of the boss fights were great Ra's
al Ghul mr. freeze
mr. freeze was a stealth boss fight in
grade one of the best things in the
series mm-hmm wasn't a normal boss fight
that's fine
Ra's al Ghul mm-hmm they just give you
Houston ation where you saw dozens of
them it was just like the combat with
all the other normal goons but there
were just but some of them were real you
know that's kind of a cheap and you know
it yeah
the solomon grundy fight week swizzle
spoilers for you I guess do you give a
shit
not necessarily I mean I'm gonna get
around to it by the time I get around to
it I'll have forgotten Clayface week
that's too bad I like locusts you know
it's the least like game in the
franchise and it shouldn't be you know
you know what you know what Arkham game
has good boss fights at least then you
know the best boss fights in the series
relatively speaking huh Arkham origins
the one everyone hits on it's it's very
it's very quick time event II but
there's there's a decent encounter with
Deathstroke okay it's an actual fight
with Killer Croc and not a run through
the sewer kind of thing
okay thrown batarangs important origins
actually has some boss fights in it that
are jacquard crap that's good that's
good
The Killer Croc fight was a letdown
it was the first fight in the game
though was the first boss fight they're
usually not the most difficult fights
and in all honesty Batman really
shouldn't have too much of a problems
they can kill her back down he's all
brood with no finesse Batman should be
able to decimate him ho-oh Bane oh god
Bane and Arkham origins is so amazing oh
yeah
compared to that crap fight you've got
in Arkham Asylum oh yeah you get you get
just the the the bull oleh fight in
Arkham yeah yeah yes the Batarang and
died Anthony Anthony and then he falls
over yeah there's there's an actual
high-quality bane fight virgins that's
good and he looks like Bane he doesn't
look like some kind of grotesque fucking
who's who's his fucking name
90s come regardless through the grossly
disproportionate people life album yeah
he doesn't look like a fuckin Liefeld
creation in Arkham origins
[Laughter]
the biggest strike Arkham origins has
against it well there's two strikes okay
it reuses pretty much the exact same map
that they used in Arkham City oh really
yeah well Sunday that's how they did it
quick and cheap sure sure they put some
snow and Christmas lights on things but
it's the same it's the same overworld
from city which on one hand that feels
cheap but it also makes sense because
the you're still in Gotham if you want
to get technical about it they should
use the same map all the time for every
game because you know you've update a
building or two here and there yeah and
if you haven't played city you wouldn't
even you wouldn't even fucking notice
right right the other strike is it's
it's not Kevin Conroy and Mark Hamill
but the people they got that's pretty
much Trey Baker and I don't remember who
did Batman Troy Baker does the Joker
they're pretty good
they're pretty good I could I could see
if you were coming from the other Arkham
games how that would be a gear shift
yeah so
story-wise it's actually method that
matters the grand scheme of things for a
game but story-wise origins actually
it's better than city arkham city by the
time you get to the end of the game it
doesn't remember what it was supposed to
be about story why yeah story-wise
yeah origins you're the story is solidly
constructed yes as compared to arkham
city that's good but city has a great
story in atmosphere no city starts off
with one premise gets distracted with a
joke or subplot and then comes back to
the main plot and then oh let's go back
to the joker because we'd only care
about the joker
what I'm just kind of thinking how to
how to put this okay
it's like all right Arkham Arkham night
night yeah yeah some people bitch that
the Joker takes over that story and it's
not actually about the Scarecrow even
though he should be the main villain in
Arkham Knight yeah here's the thing
mm-hmm
all right the Scarecrow he's a fucking B
Lister he's a fucking be Lister at the
end of the day b-plus incerti
in certain stories I could see a b-plus
I could see he's on the top of the
second string an epic story about the
Scarecrow was ultimately going to be a
letdown
sure this is why I'm okay when the Joker
kind of takes over in Arkham Knight
right Arkham Arkham City some more
spoilers for you
Ra's al Ghul okay one of the best Batman
villains you can do easily do an epic
Raja al Ghul story absolutely and it
gets lost into a joker or Side Story
Arkham City it's unfuckin forgivable
that they fucking wastes Ra's al Ghul
absolutely just to shove more Joe ray
sure Roz are for the fucking
pronouncement I always realize the
craters don't even know they flip-flop I
want to say in Batman the Animated
Series they call him Raj okay so that's
my cannon we died but we unlock some
stuff we've got some new cards
I draw one card lost one card if the
chosen consciousness yeah you know we
don't need we don't need the Joker in
every fucking story I think we were
talking about that we were talking about
that the other day and you know it would
be a letdown if you weren't there at all
you know it you know it well but you
know what I actually I think the way
they the way they did Arkham Knights was
an appropriate use of not necessarily a
Joker story but having Joker in there
like he was all he was around but he
wasn't necessarily the focus we got the
fun Joker twist at the end and so it was
kind of about the Joker but kind of also
this other story it was what you know
Jason
Todd's Joker all that fun stuff good we
just don't need him in every single
fucking story we were talking about that
Gotham by Gaslight you know that yeah
Batman is back in the old days looking
into the murder you know
the Jack the Ripper murders and it's
like well I wonder who Jack the Ripper
is gonna turn out to be one of those
things yeah I'm sure it's the Joker we
just don't need him
or give Batgirl her own proper dlc with
jane doe as the villain I don't know
what Jane Doe is but where those things
there's things you could do would be the
other character this character is a
little more is a little trickier there's
a little more fun a lot of there's a lot
of poisoning and you know in long game
why can't we have Batman stories that
don't involve the Joker because the
Joker is so much more interesting than
any of Batman's other villains it would
be a letdown if he weren't there in some
capacity in some capacity yes the story
doesn't need to room yes yes yes agreed
yeah which is what city should have done
but did not do that's that sounds like a
kick in the balls right yeah
- Rita Raj
next we have three times
thanks ghost well that could be fun you
know I just it's it's one of the Joker
is one of those things where if you over
the more you use him the more you
devalue him and he's used so often we've
hit up a point of diminishing returns
pulled that Joker back are you excited
about our future Arkham game where the
villain is Mad Hatter are you hyped
about that game after that ventriloquist
huh huh both fine villains you know give
me a give me a Batman game where the
main villain okay okay let's see here
the main villain is the main villain for
like for like epic for like the epic
awesome Batman story this feel there's a
few there's a few I'm trying to I'm
coming you know the main villain is
faint bane yeah that's a good one that's
a fine one you know he's the and he's
smart Bane he's not big dumb Bane yeah
who is schemed this whole thing and then
the Father play arkham origins yeah play
arkham origins okay you get you get
smart bane oh good I've always hated
I've always hated big dumb brute Bane's
yeah no that's that's Arkham Asylum yes
they actually explain why he's big dumb
brute bait in origin in origins that's
great he it takes the experimental stuff
at the end which is just all kinds of
fucks him up that's most of the game
he's the bane you know oh that's fun
that's fun
what about okay we can have Joker in
there somewhere but the main villain is
the clock King no and and he has he has
precisely orchestrated all the other
villains to be exactly where they need
to be at exactly the right time and when
you when you battle the clock King
because he knows all of your moves you
can't use any of your counters or
anything like that like it's a different
battle so it's a little you got a you
got a set up some traps and do some no I
mean no the answer is No
the answer's no yeah could the black
mask work as a main villain like a
classic Batman versus the mob story and
like a normal story sure we're talking
about like like like the arc I mean you
could you get one good videogame every
four years you know I mean it's like
it's a rare treat this is your 2030 hour
adventure you want the final boss to be
a climax
yes yeah yes and so in that case you
need an a-lister you need you need you
need Raj or tell you I will take Raja
I'll take Sal yeah okay that could be
fun Raj or Thalia you need Bane you need
Joker you need mr. free mr. freeze could
be a good final villain you could
probably make that like somebody like
the clock King he's a minor boss in the
game
yes I'm throwing I'm thrown scarecrow in
that territory too honestly he's a
one-dimensional character like Batman
Batman the Arkham games as games the the
you know the do you remember remember
the promise of half-life episode 1 and 2
do you remember the before we realized
it was it was unobtainable of smaller
games coming out more off oh yeah
remember that yeah the episode the
episodic games where you get you get
smaller games but they've come out more
often
oh what a great promise that was that
failed miserably on every aspect but
like that's exactly what the Batman
games need yeah a like a 10 hour of 8 to
10 hour experience every year we could
you know like a small little adventure
every year with a different I don't I
don't know why they couldn't do that we
just even just DLC for one of the other
games I haven't why I couldn't do that
remember the DLC for Arkham Knight we
was like two hours yeah no we finished a
background one in like 45 minutes yeah
yeah is it joke there's a goddamn joke
oh I think it was a gosh-dang joke
people on the chatter saying they would
put Raja and taya on the B list I can't
I can't disagree more
Rajesh it could arguably be an
arch-nemesis he arguably should be yes I
you know like him vs. the Joker you know
you have your honestly Batman like if
Batman's in the center Joker is his
arch-nemesis on this side and Raj is his
arch-nemesis on this side as Raj and
Joker ultimately are the two different
halves of Batman's fan the Joker
yeah it's like Batman's opposite right
everything the Batman is the Joker is
the exact opposite mm-hmm Raj is more
like Batman's evil side yeah he's
intelligent he is rich he is physically
capable yes what all right this is what
I'm saying he's this other side of
Batman where you know if Joker's anarchy
Batman is order Raj is evil order order
like he's the logical conclusion to
Batman evil is the problem let's just
kill everyone and wipe out anything that
could be construed as evil then there
won't be evil yes totalitarianism Batman
Roger al Ghul fantastic foil for Batman
absolutely absolutely
Raja's tyranny arguably so is the Batman
Raja's Batman taken to a extreme but but
by the way not even that far away of an
extreme from where Batman is if if you
remember like you know if we take you
know the Nolan Batman movies yeah
everything up until that one point
Batman was totally down with oh yeah
well trained to fight we're gonna take
on evil I'm gonna we're gonna we're
gonna like really hurt some people it
was just that next level of like killing
people that bit like Batman was with him
nine-tenths of the way I like that Raj
refers to Batman as Detective yes he
respects his intelligence absolutely
yeah he understands that that's Batman's
true strength hmm its cunning it's true
it's true fantastic foil I I think if if
anyone would call Raj Batman's arch
nemesis I would be fine that would be
just a fine thing okay that card works
in a different way than I suspected but
that's fine
Batman is kind of insane of of course
yes Batman puts on a costume and beats
the crap out of mentally ill people
there is no doubt about it he is on
another level insane ask some non
comic-book guy to name five Batman
villains and I doubt Rose would end up
on the list at all
so but I give a shit what they think and
you know that's I I understand the
argument here which is like if you're
trying to sell a Batman game you put Raj
on the cover and people are gonna go why
is why is them is the Mandarin in a band
but that's why no no yes can on comic
book Finland say why isn't the Joker
wearing makeup and why is he wearing a
robe
when did the Joker get a goatee yeah why
isn't the Joker wearing his makeup but
that's why you know you fill out the
other rogue gallery and you you put some
other people on the cover there you fill
it you fill it out with with some B
Lister's and you'll be fine
actually you know would see this would
be a way to epic of a game is you have
what you have here is Batman versus both
the Joker and Ross too much no no wait
are you ready for it yeah
then oh this is never gonna happen
because it's way too much at one point
in the game based on some decisions that
you make earlier on you have to side
with either Joker to take down Raj or
Raj to take down the Joker so you could
play it two times and have two different
experiences okay
that'd be a good that'd be a good
fucking story by the way you're welcome
Goffin
miss Gotham PD inept are they lazy
because they have a Batman well
canonically they're corrupt
so Gotham needs a Batman uh-huh uh-huh
which is something else origins orgies
is great story-wise because the Gotham
PD are just utterly corrupt hmm
it's a section where you're sneaking
through Gotham PD yeah shit you over
here there's a hit out in the Batman for
50 million so we're gonna go out we're
gonna kill the Batman tonight if cops
talking about getting the money for good
in the Batman yeah for taking out a
murder case great origins is great okay
I'm I'm sure you're getting me a you're
putting me on Team origins here I got to
choose an upgrade here it's taking me a
little bit this is more poison for
people and poison is really helpful this
nightmare card could be really good if I
can if I can pair this nightmare card
with another card it could be really
powerful this is also you know what
let's do this just because this is a
free card for damage plus too weak this
paired with the nightmare card could
turn into something pretty special
didn't origins get a lot of shit use the
same absorbed see his origin on Steam
they all are they all are yeah okay I
didn't know if that was like a you know
need to do too
I mean obviously the Joker shows up in
origins so you know you're not gonna get
away from that right right but cuz you
never you can never get away from you
know I get that I get it you could say
that about all of the Arkham games so
read Batman White Knight it's the best
Batman story I read it more than a
decade it's an example that Batman can
be political until a message rooted in
our times also a standalone story
doesn't okay
yes
are there any good Teenage Mutant Ninja
Turtle games well I am the only one in
the world who likes it uh-huh the only
one in the world but that out of the
shadows game I enjoyed I enjoy it a lot
so it's like a hybrid between Arkham
combat and actual combo button combat
there's a little bit of both interest
yeah yeah I've heard a lot of shit about
that game III think it's just because
the coop is broken it is broken you
can't play co-op okay
you can't play multiplayer with other
people as the other Turner's work oh
okay but I'm a single-player guy so that
didn't bother me at all
I could see that like wanting to play
with other people as noodles oh yeah
yeah yeah okay that's fair I don't think
they'd ever fix that
get rid of that curse jack oh right
thank you thank you thank you
sometimes chat you're just you're on the
you're on the mark I'll buy a poisoned
thanks chat you remind me to do the
things that I should remember to do
Gately says hey guys I you missed out on
a really good / bad movie last best of
the worst
I hope the ball lands on vibrations next
time please keep that one on the blink
get aboard and after and keep being
fantastic as always I remember like
someone I'm the one that got vibrations
I'm the one that purchased that yeah
because someone and it might have been
you someone shared the trailer with me
and I saw that trailer and said apps the
fucking lutely so that was that was my
Edition and yeah I'm looking forward to
it okay where's your blade hat says hey
rich
thanks for the Star Trek next generation
tip i watch season 1 and didn't get much
into it started season 3 at your
recommendation and it's great you're
welcome you're welcome uncle rich knows
what's up well right and now you can go
back and you know enjoy some season one
did you start a new game yeah why don't
go okay I mean not a while ago
relatively recent ago yeah this is this
is the other character okay that you can
play as now I didn't I didn't notice
that
oh it's neat it's like it's like a which
person you can see a little bit of a
face under there yeah and some hair but
yeah a lot of a lot of poison a lot of
like effects that this person does dig
it
yeah Camus says guys did a bunch of job
interviews this winter it left me with a
burning question where do you see
yourselves in five years rich be head of
Warner Brothers and Jack head of Sony
Pictures yes
I'll probably be dead five years oh yes
it's possibility ya know at that point I
will definitely be head of what was
formerly known as Sony Pictures and what
is currently known as Sony Disney
Pictures I'll be in charge of that
merger
I'll just own everything yeah yeah they
will you guys are genuine nerds and I
appreciate that yeah you're welcome I
guess
oh yeah the Friday the 13th stream I
played us Jason once a night I just
lotta everybody yeah they called me
indoors
who did other people I was playing
against why just thrashed they called
you a nerd look doesn't that doesn't
that mean you're good you know you know
how Jason has two different powers
that'll that allow him to basically
appear to you all next you out of
nowhere yeah you're gonna need to the
morph next somebody or shift next
somebody yeah my final kill III morph
right next to somebody you came out of
nowhere what's going on with that yeah I
was kind of suspicious that's what the
game that's what he does that's one
caissons powell's one of his powers
that's come out of like literally I come
out of nowhere that's the basic artists
of the game cause fishs reported aimbot
reported yeah guys I you just he's morph
nerd nerd he chose like nerd this is
just so sad Oh
[Music]
I'm so sorry
I'm very very sorry yes
I hope he died horribly I think I shoved
a garden shear through his head so yeah
the part 5 Jason he just uses big hedge
clippers you know what I didn't get a
chance to play as the new Jason yeah
when I when I picked it up after your
stream well one of the kills you can
yeah they come apart you just shove one
under the chin and the other one and the
temple guys I gotta play as that Jason
or at least play against that Jason
I think earlier they thought streaming
this game would get more views than the
Super Bowl well we just figured we just
figured okay this is what I want to do
alright this is the this is what I'm
hoping for
yeah this is a good combination so this
card lets me choose any other card and I
add three copies of that card to my hand
next time next sent right then I have
this card which costs zero to use that
does for damage and applies weak to the
enemy so I can make three copies of this
put in my hand next I make them super
weak and deal a little bit of damage
this is this is this is this is the mad
strats here great and I still get to use
it this turn as well