Episode 951
Dandaruff (pt 1)
February 8, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t_CbSaxFtXU
___________________________________________

you you look like you've been walking so
fucking much
ya can't stand it I hate winter I hate
cold I hate snow I fucking despise it
all that's great
won't stop snowing it won't fucking
stops snowing why won't it fucking stops
snowing also it's being a real dick
about it like it doesn't snow a ton it's
just like an inch or so every night and
so it's like every morning you got a
shovel again anyone who lives in the
south you'd love to know what the
fucking snow looks like fuck you you've
got it good you're not missing anything
gonna fucking headache it's it's a
little rough some a fucking a fucking
six-month long a headache it's uh it
gets a little rough absolutely
which hates Christmas kind of Christmas
is the most overrated how are they
I'm okay with that yeah okay I'm a
Halloween guy so like I'm okay no no no
you know why in the title did we not
change the title Oh motherfucker I was
almost on it look at that one thing I
was so on it I didn't choose the son of
a seer all right I had my way we'd be
like Nevada right now oh I'd love to
work out a Reno man I'd love to work out
of Reno I hit the casinos in your free
time
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
yeah
[Music]
hold on one second
rich deals had 125 degree heat in the
summer I've been I was visiting someone
in Phoenix when I was 120 that is
nightmarish I'll take that over the snow
I'll take that over there's no you know
I wouldn't I would that's not what not
me you would I'm sorry I don't like you
know to me to me when it's cold out you
can always put on more layers you put on
a big old pair of boots or you know
you're wearing the thickest gloves you
could find my fingers were so cold
nothing when they numb they hurt yeah
they hurt
oh no I'm with it like I I wear you know
those stretchy gloves I wear those under
these giant thermo mittens and the tips
of my fingers still I was wearing comedy
gloves they were so fucking thick like
Mickey Mouse Mickey Mouse fucking Mickey
Mouse hands yeah it's tough he's gone
looking in like monster claw basically
he's a rat all right cuz they're so big
and they have claws so of course he has
drugs of course he has paws that's
Mickey Mouse it sounds like a how would
you know you've never seen one they
sound different in real life
you might have seen the pictures of them
but they sound different in real life
burn I like I like the snow I like you
know what I like more than the snow risk
anything no uh here's here's the thing I
enjoy most about living here in
Wisconsin is we get four seasons
yeah yeah you can live someplace like
Los Angeles where the coldest it gets is
50 degrees and it never rains and it's
it's you know
beautiful weather all the time but then
I think you forget like I think it makes
you a more boring person not having the
changes in the seasons we got we got
should go on that absolutely live in the
fucking what the fucking Bahamas we're
just 75 all the fucking time see okay
now are you talking stupid fucking
reasoning ladies changes Maggie Paris
misery for months on end the snow the
leaves fall spring spring is great no
it's great
it's great I like the seasons
not digging yeah and you you go too far
sounds like the Bahamas and you got
hurricanes and shit to deal with I'd
much rather have snow
why is constantly 80° they have the
highest happiness rating in the u.s.
like the most muggings of any like you
know winner wants to mugged somebody
when it's fucking sixteen degrees out
exactly it's great my thoughts on the
solo trailer in two sentences I'd give
it two words don't care don't care it
looks fine I'm not even gonna go looks
fine I just don't give a flying fuck I
mean he here's what I would be excited
about as far as the Han Solo movie is
concerned I don't want to see like Han
Solo's origin story god I don't care
about that I would love to see him go on
a fun pirate adventure you're gonna of
course we're gonna get his origin story
but I'm you know I'm necessarily want
that I don't give a fuck about like what
drove him to the pirating life what game
is this
this is dumb Dora what is dumb
dun da da is okay so here's why I was
interested in da da yeah cuz we recently
we played I c'n classes yeah which was
that like Metroid like 2d whatever right
and if you remember my big if not
slightly
what do you call it hypocritical
complaints is that it wasn't different
enough then you know then Metro Nicole
yeah even though I wanted a game like
Metroid but with a little spin on it
right okay okay
so here we have a bit of a Metroid clone
but it has a spin up which is this right
here the way you move you do not run and
jump wrench you know you don't run and
jump at all you don't run and jump at
all you can only go from platform to
platform okay and it gets a little
crazier later I'm not sure I feel about
having no running or jumping alright yep
yep so you get a little you get a little
more in depth later because the the
levels you were in space right that's so
like Oh like look so the levels start
like switching and swooping on yeah I
played a little bit of it you know just
to check out the controls and whatnot I
thought it was pretty alright so we're
gonna play it on streem
and see what's up let's noose up with
dun da da dun da I'm solo standalone
standalone film quite look they're quite
literally could be the defining film of
our generation and you mean like that
has no creativity yeah yeah the defi
outcome of our generation just you know
piggybacking off of the successes of
others doing all we can to scrape by
yeah that's fair
he didn't say it was positively defining
our generation Dan da da can we ban cell
phone games from streams in the future I
don't know if we've ever played cell
phone are you saying this is a cell
phone oh you know what no I did play
cell phone game I played an iPad game
once I played that that that weirdo game
from the makers of guacamelee
remember on the iPad what was it called
and you you were like a girl and you had
a mask and there was like swiping
involved you were like a ghost girl so
little thing is severed no that was a it
was called severed okay and I we played
that
[Music]
first Jedi and the firsts if that would
that would literally make me throw up
that would literally make me throw up
that is like the opposite of what I am
interested in yeah I guess think about
what you're asking for here like all
that stuff is like the back story for a
reason probably because it wouldn't be
terribly exciting and/or it would ruin
already established Canon that kind of
stuff is the introductory the back story
the peripheral that we build our
adventure on you don't want that story
you don't want the story explaining how
Han Solo got his little dangling keys or
his a his dice you don't want that Han
Solo is is a a pirate and a rogue and
boom that's his character that's all you
need
[Music]
I get it
yeah there's there's some uh there's
some there's some doobly-doo Zin going
on yeah for general movement stuff yeah
it doesn't make a ton of sense like
there's some puzzling stuff since Jack
said I don't need it now I kind of want
it more yeah I get it
I'm not I I just I can't be excited
about it I we don't need a han Solo
movie unless it's like Han Solo a couple
years before a new hope and he's on a
cool pirate that's great that's just
great
what do you see the Deadpool trailer
there's a full trailer there's a full
trailer okay it's funny okay it looks
good cable looks awesome
but you know it's cable so that's
exciting you know I owe $20 you owe 2017
and a last stream we're talking about a
triple a game how it just wasn't wasn't
that much I was interested in you know
and okay 2017 wasn't that bad hear from
Danny I didn't I think I wasn't I was
reflecting on my statements yeah I
wasn't giving knob roughly Wow I said
it's fine it's fine that's what's good
breath wads good it's pretty damn good
ringing Mario while Mario honestly it
didn't it didn't rock my world a good
game playing game Friday the 13th came
out
listen 2015 pretty good different
yeah yeah there was some good stuff that
Kenny well there's some good stuff that
came out I see I think there was a lot
of good there was a lot of good 20:17
was an amazing year for gems what you on
about Willis kind of what I'm talking
about right now that's what he's saying
he said hey maybe you were a little
short-sighted maybe you were a little
hot-tempered wat me Selden was 16 was it
16 I may come out December did it yeah
every Christmas Jesus
okay then 2017 sucked this this year is
what sold me on the game at first I was
playing this earlier right weld and ara
and I wasn't quite sure what to think
about this and then I got to this person
right here and look at look at the art
on this lady with the giant legs and the
body it looks like some kind of
grotesque Rob who's Robert our crumb
crying yeah yeah I like whatever it is I
like it it's weird and fascinating our
crumb is horrifying yes not as art I
mean it just as human being oh sure
I just love the look of it I love the
character drawing so this after that I
was like oh yeah I'm sold
I think I'm a spirit or something I'm
like the spirit of the people and I got
a save him from something I don't
actually know 2018 should be better Red
Dead Redemption 2 alone you haven't seen
Red Dead Redemption - we haven't really
seen shit gameplay-wise
we don't know you don't know they
haven't ruined it oh all we know is that
they're super down with
microtransactions and nuke boxes now so
that's that's what you got going for you
here rock stars all about the
microtransactions now he's gonna be a
big multiplayer element to the Red Dead
now stole their usual strong
single-player aspect of the game I'll be
fine
yeah
protagonist sounds like is gonna be an
asshole that doesn't necessarily mean
it's gonna be a bad game though I miss
John Marston oh wait he sounds like he's
gonna be an asshole in a negative way or
like he's gonna be an asshole and I'm
excited about from the trailer you seem
kind of scuzzy like not fun bad but just
like this guy's a prick oh sure okay but
not like yeah I get to be a prick yeah
like Trevor in Grand Theft Auto 5 that
was yay I get to be a prick yes I'm with
it so john marston is probably in a
deeply ism pretties playable but it's
more like at the end of the game don't
be he's the star of the story like ever
after you beat it yeah play or or it's
DLC did the John Marston
test for pizza roll I see a pizza roll
baudru tests is successful
I've heard that john marston is gonna
have a new voice what I have heard I
didn't this is not at all confirmed okay
but that the guy who did the voice and
Red Dead Redemption for the main
character he's just retired from voice
acting oh that's what I've heard I don't
I don't know if that's bullshit it might
be they can't call him back for one more
hurrah that's something like that hi
that's not a rumor it's true all right I
mean this is something I heard someone
say so I wasn't gonna confirm it it's
absolutely beautiful
that's a prereq exclusive so
misinformation good spread yeah
[Music]
[Music]
he'll come back if the price is right
maybe I can only imagine though like
Rockstar knows what's up if they really
want it you know they probably offered
him a decent price right no idea
probably have to blow those walls up oh
my god that's a wall I didn't even see
that
so I heard something obsessing about me
you heard okay no more heroes three
which we know is coming to the switch
they had a trailer for it right and I I
didn't notice that this at the time
because the music and the back around to
that trailer yeah it's so loud and I
know why that music was so loud it was
you couldn't you couldn't really hear
the dialogue that well over just the
music they were playing okay they've
recast the lead they recast Travis
touchdown
sure sure it's not double his name robin
atkin downes or forget his name but it's
different guy and he made that game live
the last two she made those games that's
a that's a big deal recasting gotcha
gotcha and they they were trying to
skirt that I think they're trying to
just hide it with the music
well that's too bad
but you know people age people age and
they get out of the business it was a
part of that voice actor Union strike
maybe I heard that's exactly what it was
cuz that guy doesn't he's in like every
fucking big movie that robin atkin
downes yeah yeah
[Music]
so he's on strike do you think that's
what happened to
[Music]
residential
or no I say he's retired that's my herd
[Music]
[Music]
I can't help the only way I can stop
aging is to die
[Music]
and once your dust that's that's kind of
peak agent right dusty the gun aging at
that point I mean technically I suppose
the dust you know like then you can
still like your corpse is still in time
yeah I think that that's when they start
stop counting for you
[Music]
join the stream and the first thing I
hear is would say the only way to stop
aging is to die thanks guys
welcome to this dream should have heard
my epic snow rants epic you took that
snow down a peg rich finally and
whatever I don't I don't care if I'm
remembered that's not something I worry
about yeah who will remember me yeah we
all get forgotten a bunch of internet
weirdos I said what's that poems a poem
Ozymandias statue in the desert and some
weather statue yo you still read what's
on the plaque bone it says I am awesome
and yes look at look at my works and
tremble and it's not the intended
meaning cuz they're statues all fucked
up and you can't really tell who it was
sure their legacy has mostly been
forgotten and that's that's the double
meaning of the look at my works in
trouble yeah yeah that's neat
rich dust Evans could you turn look upon
my works ye mighty and tremble game
music is down a bit tell me if that is
more acceptable is it nd Sparrow
look at my beyond despair I don't know
look upon my works and despair it's been
a while since I heard that well that
would make sense to when I die for me in
the crash look I I don't think they're
gonna take me up on it I've authorized
people to sell my ashes to the fans as
long as the money goes to character I've
I have authorized this no I don't I
don't think I don't think anybody's
gonna take me up on it I'll be dead I
have very little control over absolutely
I you know I hear here's why I don't
think anything could happen is because
like we'll be seen as the weirdos if
that happens I'm okay but not you have
to not only okay like you have to
facilitate it because like even though
it's like no rich woo so totally okay
with a look here's a recording of him
saying he's okay with it like yeah but
they still sold his ashes to a creepy
fan like
[Music]
[Music]
there's always prey on it's rich yeah I
suppose it's your only chance but
nobody's ever gonna revive anybody who's
been cryogenically frozen it's not gonna
be worth the hassle of doing it even if
even if they could it won't be worth the
house yeah yeah we already we're already
like working on overpopulation problems
as it is now we got to deal with you
undead assholes come on they can't even
freeze you right right now the process
of freezing you that creates ice
crystals in your cells which just
destroy your fucking cells
[Music]
comically hard to revive somebody who's
been cryogenically frozen with today's
technology you can do something to keep
those ice crystals out maybe you got a
shot
what about transcendence just be an
Android referring to uploading your
brain into a computer sure probably
probably won't be an option in my
lifetime it's probably humanity's best
shot at immortality though yeah yeah
yeah but then then you get then you get
fun then you get altered carbon then you
get altered carbons universe where where
the the super-rich are a are the only
ones able to afford why are the
super-rich the only ones that can afford
this well they're the only one no
everyone can have it but the super-rich
are only able to afford like upkeep and
new bodies and like what do you need the
body for you just need the server I live
in a virtual paradise but who's keeping
up the streets who needs a fucking
Android who's keeping up the server man
by the way I finished shelter carbon
yeah speaking of yeah and machinery
starts out like amazingly mediocre is
how I want to call it like it's so
mediocre you're actually surprised yeah
it's kind of okay so it's still mediocre
it's like what's what's what do you call
it when mediocre is scratching at kind
of good a letdown I call that yo you
call that wasted potential
yes now I haven't seen it that's not my
judgment on it yeah
I'm just saying that's what you call
mediocrity scratching and just something
that's just above just above its head
it's it's it's right there it has some
really neat ideas
it has some really neat ideas and some
fun fight sequences they've had some
really fun fight sequences including a
fully nude fistfight okay like full
nudity fist fights dude nah dudes no
lady yeah not a bad-looking lady either
but and but here's what I'm gonna say
about the full nude fistfight tastefully
done
tasteful which i think is a hard thing
to say about a nude fistfight tastefully
done but uh overall I can alright Joe I
think I just don't like the actor who's
in it he's no good he's the guy that
starred in Suicide Squad and I think
he's a bit of a derp
a new nude fist-fighting not not fisting
I'm sorry I'm sorry we got your hopes up
oh yeah yeah no and like that I think
there were some swords involved too
there's just a fully nude fight sequence
which was actually like a really like
that's my problem with altered carbon is
it has some really neat ideas you know
what it reminded me of and you won't
care about this but the chat will solo
the solo trailer no because I didn't
have it I like I didn't care about that
I'm just thinking to something the chat
will care about that I don't what it
reminded me of is the theatrical release
of Blade Runner the one width of the
voiceover okay
which is just significantly not good
it's like not right and so altered
carbon is the voice-over version of
Blade Runner with a little bit of
shimmer
[Music]
don't applaud you
[Music]
it must have gotten unplugged
shit happens
shit happens
why do you move like that in the game
that's the only way to move the only way
to move is from jumping to white service
to white surface that's that's the game
that's the game
that's what makes this unique experience
yes and so you I can only assume later
on we're gonna get more like have to
quick jump and shoot and like your gun
doesn't auto shoot like you have to
charge it and release shot and so that's
I can only assume it's going to get a
little more difficult as we get to more
challenging platforming sections if you
wanna come what game was the most place
to the potential - Resident Evil 6 the
combat is as good as doom 2016 I highly
doubt that I highly doubt that I know I
know the Resident Evil's got a little
bit action II yeah but I still highly
doubt that specific thing yeah that's a
big that's a big shoot of film you might
want to think about that comparison
Oh slay the spiral slay the spire rich I
I started playing it after the stream
yeah it's addicting it's it's it's it's
it's addicting yeah it is
so what happened to your run if if you
if you didn't tune in last time Jack was
having an epic run I was having a great
run he had a fantastic victory on the
the head boss of the second world
because of because of you know we talked
about it we you know it's it's a game
where you can take your time and really
think out your moves and you came up
with a great plan yeah which is the what
turned out to be a quadruple poisoning
yeah and and I was more than that well
it was a quadruple poisoning but
exponential yeah and so it was it was
three times three times three times
three yeah and so it was just like maybe
we could poison him to death you were
skeptical because he only had a little
bit of poison on him yeah you triple
that but that's not much multiple times
and I was on the ropes rich I was on the
ropes right
we did it we beat the boss it was a
great victory a great way to end the
stream here's the problem with oh you
were gonna continue that epic run well
everyone was looking forward to seeing
you continued this never promised I was
gonna continue it on stream I continued
it at home and won the game I won the
game with that hand or with that with
that day because I couldn't just save
that game and continue playing a
different game and I wanted to keep
playing the game so I could play another
game here you know something interesting
about the rest of that right Oh tell us
about all the amazing adventures you
went on well so I ended up winning I
beat the game there's my first time
actually beating the game uh-huh
I never got that combination of cards
again yeah
that combination where I could make
three
copies of the triple poison car that
never came up in the rest of the room I
found it wasn't it wasn't game breaking
but I found a really fun combination
okay there's a card called double tap
double that and your attack whatever
attack you use and it dumps okay it goes
twice
I had another card called headbutt after
your attack you get to pick a card from
your deck from your discard to put on
the top of your deck again oh hey they
combo it really well double shot
headbutt Oh what cards am I gonna pick
for the ones that come back for the two
times I get to use my head but because
it's double tap oh I'll take double tap
and headbutt again nice nice yeah that's
fun there's a fun it was a fun combo
yeah cuz headbutt did decent damage mhm
no and then if you could just keep using
it over and over I was every time I came
across head bud that was going to my
deck boy I upgraded the double shot and
you're next to its axe it was basically
I could have the exact same cards every
turn
that's great yeah that's great yeah I
think you know that's kind of what we
were talking about last time with um
with like the what with the one person
who had like the mega like the two card
deck that was unstoppable we're just
like every once in a while you just you
need something like that in a roguelike
that makes it sloppy fun well I didn't I
didn't beat the game or anything so it
wasn't even overpowered but it was it
was pretty effective for a while okay I
originally just got over power I was
doing enough damage I guess mhm
but you did not beat the game no I did
not beat the
tourists it is fun combo
I think I'll buy slave aspire for the
music a lot it's it's good and you know
it's one of those early access games
where much like
what was it dead cells yeah where it's
done enough where you can have some fun
and also kind of look forward to the
rest that they're gonna do but it's done
enough which is very nice did you say
slay the spire is worth it at the
current price big fan of what is the
current price it's no sixteen seventeen
sixteen to twenty what's the current
price I mean this is this is the thing
that's relative to anybody how much is
$16 to be with that sure some people
it's it's some people looks a lot well
at least you know more than you're
comfortable spending at a game absolu
some people I can tell you this before
the stream I was at twenty hours yep
[Music]
and remember it's not just roguelike
it's deck-building and and someone
whether it was on Twitter or on YouTube
comments was pointing out you know
someone was asking us about like
hearthstone and stuff like that it's
roguelike deck-building it's roguelike
deck building but a deck building game
is different than a collectible card
game right yeah like a collectible card
game that's your hearthstone that's your
Magic the Gathering that's your Pokemon
Trading Card Game and that's all about
paying to win paying for this you pay
for the cards yes and then you keep the
cards forever exactly in a deck building
game
these same cards are available to
everyone you just randomly choose you
know you randomly get them into your
deck
it's all about building your deck and so
I say more than if you like roguelikes
you need to figure out whether or not
you like collectible card games I'm
sorry you need to figure out whether or
not you like deck building games oh shit
oh shit I'm not ready for a boss I'm
sorry dr. Luba table says tips no that's
good that's good keep just don't stop
everything sipping everything dr. LuAnn
up says thanks for bitching about the
freezing cold weather that's snow we're
in the third day of a 40 centigrade 104
F heatwave and I feel cooler already
I'll take I'll take the heat wave over
this shit I'll take that fucking heat
now Anna says solo same shit as two
Hobbit it should be a smaller story not
an epic where he's involved with the
Empire and shove everything in so on one
adventure he gets all his stuffs Honda
chosen solo that's true you're right
you're absolutely right nothing we can
do about it brown Adam Sandler says Star
Wars is making a series of films by a
game of Thrones guys plus a trilogy with
Riaan Johnson plus the Han Solo we've
been coming out bust possibly oh but
with obi-wan and Boba Fett should we
kill ourselves now or wait a little you
can just ignore him
that's that beauty that probably smart -
yeah you know I saw that news that the
I saw that news that there they're
giving the game of throne guys like
their own Star Wars movies I'm not a big
fan of The Game of Thrones series yeah
and really all they did was adapt an
already mega popular franchise which is
what they are doing with Star Wars as
well they're just adopting a mega mega
popular franchise they did have a big
misstep they were their plan after Game
of Thrones was to make that
alternate history what if the South won
the Civil War for HBO that'd be great
and then maybe great it'll be
interesting it could have been it got
shut down yeah it got shut down and so
apparently they they failed up to Star
Wars I don't I don't know how how likely
that would actually be them winning the
Civil War they didn't they didn't have
this the infrastructure the North had
mm-hmm but still as a what if it could
be fun
I think there's also there's a lot of
possibilities of someone bungling that
like super hard I you know like I really
like a man in the high castle that's
really fun yeah which is a revisionist
you know like what if Germany won
- and there's some neat ideas thrown
away never listen to her dull art Bell
you've mentioned his name before I don't
necessarily know the coast to coast am
yet a radio show the radio show split
round he do like aliens ghost conspiracy
theories young every now and then he
would just take calls from whatever
weirdo and whatever weirdo story they
had okay and he had somebody call in
claim they're from an alternate earth
where the South won the Civil War and he
took the call it's like the call they
interviewed him for a while
[Laughter]
visiting our dimension sure yeah I just
think I guess in the world were the
South won the Civil War they have
invented transdimensional technology oh
well I got that going for him I guess
despite the fact that the South was
backwards as fuck hmm hmm look at your
panties in a bunch talking about the
civil war itself they're already in a
bunch right you can't stop that you
can't stop the bunches dole knew how to
fuckin roll with it man art no was
either a true believer yeah which was
interesting or he was a fucking con man
which was also interesting was he it was
either a true believer or a modern-day
PT Barnum who knew how to sell it either
way anyway I'm good okay that's great
was why don't I think he's doing radio
anymore art though he's still alive but
he is still alive is what you're saying
he was a true believer for sure see I
maybe it's because I'm cynical I I err
on the side of con him being a con man a
showman
like PT Barnum but still not an actual
believer and you know even if he was if
he was maybe a skeptic or someone who
was like you know like just lead play a
skeptic that's for sure
whatever whatever fucking crazy thing
you said on that show he bought it the
asteroids gonna come and I foreseen that
it's gonna destroy all plant life on the
planet Earth uh-huh oh when is this
gonna happen really that is so fast
you're done that's great that's fuckin
great
[Laughter]
[Music]
that was actually the hill bob comedy
that was an actual that was an actual
episode the comment was gonna come and
there was an alien thing on the comment
that was gonna release something that
was gonna straight on plant life on
everything that was the hill Bob coming
and he got that's something he got tied
in with the whole Heaven's Gate thing
because he had someone on the show
talking about some get up alien thing on
the hale-bopp comment well there you go
so he got tied into Heaven's Gate that's
great
that's just
[Music]
you heard the call where some guy said
he was an area 51 scientist which one
that was like happy you're probably
thinking that Bob Lazar he's the he's
the big one who claimed he started the
ball rolling with that area 51 they have
UFOs deal
incognito lenses I'm reminded of the
story behind meet the medic it was
originally going to be about how the men
made his meta gun but they realized that
the origin story of an inanimate object
was boring slash dumb with what they're
referring to is the the team fortress to
meet the team series of animated shorts
something valve started to do you know
drum up publicity for Team Fortress 2
and it was true you know all of these
shorts these are like three to five
minute like little yeah here's a fun the
fun thing the character does right yeah
and and that is absolutely true no one
you know no one cares about how the
medic built his medigun you know what
I'm gonna go out on a limb here know
what people might think they care no one
cares how the Millenium Falcon was
obtained by huh
they think they do rich we know how it
got obtained behind oh right this is
completely unnecessary exactly like we
don't need the story of how of like what
he what game he won to get it from Lando
right we don't need any of that it won't
be as cool as you think it will and
honestly based on that trailer alone the
only thing that I am looking forward to
is his young Lando who looks fly as fuck
he looks like super fly we literally
just saw a picture of him standing there
and he looked awesome he's got the
little mustache the goatee
that man look like super fly I loved him
[Music]
I'm saying he looked cool he can't have
a bet he's so dope
[Music]
manases rich you consider red dead
redemption full gamestream
that's that's a lot of game for a full
playthrough I don't know that I will
ever do like a dead red I've Red Dead
Redemption no death run just because
there's a lot of Red Dead Redemption
sure sure
Red's fine game it's a great game also
are you going to see the new solo movie
I'll probably have to for work looks
good though he may be too much if a big
guy for me let's hope it's better than
the last just somebody somebody in the
chat earlier when I said you know I
didn't Chad always wants to talk about
Han Solo to me the chances so we don't
last for tips I've learned about the Han
Solo movie right like this for the last
five tips we like we like the sci-fi
stuff it's a new big movie coming out
watch the Deadpool 2 trailer well we'll
just talk about that Domino looks great
speaking of Superfly there we go again
you know super afro dominoes she looks
great the metal arm looks good how about
a blood-borne no death run you see them
pigs flying yet I blood-borne is one of
those were like I think we talked about
like maybe like working really hard and
getting a no lost that was that was that
was like I maybe maybe I guess IVA bleed
do that and I know I can't I can't do it
right yeah right no there you know one
I'd love to be able to get someone
someone cam but I'm not I'm not that
gifted
[Laughter]
first look at x-force - yeah it's fun
good old good old Deadpool it'll be a
pool will be interesting because it'll
it'll no one is gonna be surprised by it
I think the first Deadpool no one knew
what to expect yes and so they're like
oh how refreshing you know fun take them
on the you know a superhero movie that
kind of takes the piss out of superhero
yes and so now that everyone knows what
Deadpool is all about it'll be
interesting to see what they do with the
second one and a new creative team if
it's more of the same would that be
horrible no no would be horrible because
you know the first one was really fun so
if it's an it's if it's more really fun
USA is taking on Russia and Mixed
Doubles curling right now they look at
start
I honestly have no idea if the Olympics
are theirs here's the deal I actually
enjoy the Olympics but I can't stand the
the network broadcast because they only
show the boring ship okay it's like the
fun thing about the Olympics is those
weird-ass sports you never see unless
the Olympics yeah
like curling yeah where people are just
sweeping ice we've been ice for they
just want to sure fucking ice skating
and say what a waste
I agree I agree that ice skating is a
waste it's like I get I could I could
watch volleyball or the 100-meter dash
for the thousandth time how is curling
weird somebody in the chat is from
Canada what are you talking about it's a
perfectly reasonable AR game that all of
us play you know yeah yeah you just toss
the pebble down the ice and you got your
sweepers you see in the sweepers they
can't really control the pebble but they
can move it slightly or slow it down
speed it up you know just help control
the descent of the sweeper into the bull
zone I wasn't even talking about beach
volleyball I just mean like like the
full court volleyball it's interesting
to watch because you never see that on
TV unless it's the Olympics
but not that beach-volleyball doesn't
have its charms
I get it yeah
I'm surprised beach volleyball isn't its
own show
like that's next it's a weekly show look
at badminton is awesome I would love to
see Olympic badminton they would never
air that on TV not uh network TV it's
not a real thing I had a teacher in high
school who was an Olympic badminton
player really yeah I'm shocked but that
is a real thing Olympic bad I mean I
love it that it's a thing also I'm
shocked
[Music]
the ball isn't a thing in the US I mean
I don't think not really except for
beach volleyball when we know why it's
the tiny clothes it's the ones so one
sport where the women's version is more
popular it's it's because they wear tiny
baby clothes and usually all of the
contestants are very fit
a little bit ping-pong is insane to
watch as well I would love to see look
at ping-pong
that's another one you will never see a
TV yeah they don't really show us stuff
like that right a meter - they only show
the boring shit yeah yeah they do
Andre as silver says hey let's talk
about a good film for change okay do you
guys expect to receive that many copies
of vampire assassin
we kind of know you guys I'm not shocked
by the way one of those would mine
shears from Rio de Janeiro thank you
thank you for your vampire assassin
contribution
hey I'm not I'm not shocked I'm shocked
no Mike specifically asked for something
he got nothing yes there's no there's
very little surprise there
mokey b85 is not sure if you already
know this but the new game by the FTL
devs into the bridge acceptor released
February 27th hope it's great I knew
they were making it I didn't know I
don't know it was set for release in 31
that's what's me yeah they're just
announced that that's that's fresh news
see if it was lightning in a bottle or
if they got something else
we'll see
[Music]
boo drill says were you guys ever fans
of red vs. blue for the eventual Channel
roosterteeth they started pretty small
and have really exploded over the last
few years with something like 300
employees that's I remember watching red
vs. blue back in the day oh he did now
oh man that because that was like early
early web videos yeah yeah and it was it
was amazing for anyone who doesn't know
and you know if we have a younger
audience they might not know what red
versus blue is anymore it was like one
of the early versions of machinima yep
using in game video game graphics to
tell a story and so they use Halo
multiplayer and a custom view model of a
you know character without the HUD to be
like the camera yeah and then they would
like animate their characters and put
their voices in afterwards and they
created a little story red versus blue
and it was hilarious
it was absolutely hilarious I mean I
have not seen this in over a decade I
have no idea if it has aged well yeah
but I thought it was the bee's knees
yeah it was so clever yeah I mean not
maybe the jokes weren't I don't know
like I don't know anything about the
content but just the idea of using this
multiplayer arena to make your animation
oh what a great idea
yonder yonder says pre-emptive tip to
Karen for rich Evans ashes my pay for a
funeral when you can make money waste
waste money in a fucking burial plot for
what I'm dead
sell that shit it's not usually free
40k funky Toombs hey guys
yeah longtime viewer first-time tuber
okay thank you jack for turning me into
on to Valiant Comics what your thoughts
are on the recent valiant buyout by a
Chinese oriented filmmaking company yeah
I saw that I saw that you know and I'll
tell you what I am woefully behind on
all my comics reading including my
family comics so I don't even know where
they are comic book wise like I don't
know if their stories went to shit or
whatever but yeah my aunt is they've
never had the one they've never had the
breakout star you know even fuck wait
way back in the day was Jim shooters
baby and fuck they fucked him over stole
the company out from underneath them
well they just you know even Dark Horse
who's always been kind of in the
peripheral finally started having those
breakout characters right this Jim
shooter shooter still with million oh no
he got out stood back in the 90s man
that's when they went to ship the first
time yeah cuz whether or not Jim shooter
was an asshole in real life he was a
fucking great editor he ran that man
knew how to run a comic book universe ya
know and have a tight interconnected
continuity mm-hmm I'm with you
so they got bought by a larger
entertainment company probably hoping to
you know pull a Disney and take all of
this massively popular property and
amass all this sorry not popular
property to take this massive world that
they've spent decades building and pluck
the good stuff and make a movie maybe I
make a TV series will it work
I don't Jim shooter was the editor of
Marvel in the 80s when Marvel was still
good then he got ousted not not
weirdly enough Marvel went to shit after
that in the 90s so he started a valiant
valiant was was great people loved
villian and then he got out stood and
then valiant went to shit the story of
Jim shooter is a tragedy though though
considering he got he kept getting him
kicked out of companies he was probably
an asshole to work for it was probably a
headache to deal with he wasn't too good
at managing money this shit worked
there's probably something going on
- ding
I just I see someone someone gave us
bits thanks summer all hey did our
little bit's thing pop up yeah I never
pay attention to that it's a good
question we have we should have a bit
thing like right underneath us did a
little bit thing work no one ever gives
us bits so the graphic needs to be like
a white splooge interfaces with a sound
effect like and we would make so much
money check we already have what sound
effect that goes get it right where our
faces would be I can do that we need to
do that yes I can do that I'll bet I bet
you will get like a fucking fucking
hundred bits I tell you we're gonna tell
you you've bits if they can just
virtually come in our face and people
are giving us bits rich now look we're
just talking about bits and people are
giving us bits bits and bits are our
twitch money
[Music]
bits are a way to tip us using twitch
going only for twitch right now like oh
yeah there there there's dancing us I
like to dancing us
I did see our little animation so but
basically it's a way for twitch to also
get a piece of people tipping streamers
because if he took us through PayPal
PayPal gets a cut
[Music]
Kenda says I have some hip-hop
recommendations for jacket okay
saturation one two and three by
Rockhampton and flower boy by tyler
decree Oh Oh Tyler the Creator
Salutation one two and three by Brock
Hampton and flower boy
by Tyler the Creator I found the crater
all four of those albums range from good
to excellent and came out last year oh
okay that's actually really good to know
I did not know Tyler the Creator had a
new album I mean by a blood shot says
Jack Oh kind of what kind of kind of a
repeat can we talk about the takeover of
valiant it broke my heart when the CEO
was forced to sell the company and makes
me very nervous about the future of the
books they should be yeah I mean you
should be yes that kind of comics are
there they are their only purpose now is
a breeding ground for a larger market
yeah
so if Valiant is going to be smart they
will keep making the books so they can
beta test their movies and or TV shows
that they will get from them later
blood who knows they might they might
just try to make a quick buck and and
pull out you know face did you think
about that because I said pull out yeah
I did
[Music]
[Laughter]
I'm not sure I'm super comfortable with
fans really a pie to the face lemon
meringue pie that's what it is you can
throw a pie in our face pin donation
there you go terrible
major misdemeanors is thanks for showing
me slay the spire I was meant to be
working from home this week and Monday
and Tuesday were both oh right off it's
a it's a very addicting game it gets it
gets a lot of that it gets a lot of that
right it gets a lot of that you know
what feeding the monkey the cocaine in a
roguelike right
[Music]
Dirk Gently Ursus check if you like
deck-building you might really like the
board game clank-clank family-friendly
dungeon-crawling wood deck building very
fun slay the spire reminded me of it oh
well then let me let me write that down
we're always we're always you know the
the kids are at that just that right age
when we can we can start start planting
the seeds of like you like playing games
don't your advanced games yeah
strategy yeah yeah let's go Clank
playing an exclamation mark at the end I
don't know if it's part of the name or
just something they added don't I see it
Clank I will check that out I got it
written down a deck building adventure
okay okay now you talk