Episode 952
Dandaruff (pt 2)
February 9, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=06UpkjpmAk4
___________________________________________

deck building adventure okay okay now
you're talking
are you enjoying this game I am it's
it's not like I would completely
understand it if the audience wasn't
enjoying this game because I don't think
it's a very exciting game I don't think
it's a very exciting game yeah end of
statement but it's a it's a very chill
experience and I'm digging it for better
or worse
[Music]
so yeah I'm digging it I'm thinking it
you would think that the the lack of
movement would be frustrating and it's
not it feels it feels very natural after
a while
let's get Eddie to rumbles is rich how
what here someone told me you want to
join our pub G squad since our recent 13
killed chicken dinner
but our shy to ask everyone is welcome
especially you
I'll save a seat for you on my
motorcycle I appreciate it probably not
probably not I mean you know that I
think it's great that they made the
offer oh yeah I would you wouldn't get
the chicken dinners if I ran your team
that's for sure you know what I've
played smash up artisan neckbeard I have
played smash up and you are right it is
it's not a great deck building man I'm
with you as Jack played Friday the 13th
with the new update check thoughts on
fake Jason you know what I haven't I I I
was saying that after I played it once
after you streamed it oh yeah I'll get
into this again and I played a couple
rounds and I didn't get to be Jason and
so I just and I didn't see the new Jason
and I never did and I never did maybe I
will you know did you did you ever take
a look at that virtual cabin man no I
don't even know what that is what is
that explain it to me it's interesting
okay I'm assuming you don't know much
about Friday the 13th trivia though I
didn't know like I watched the movies
but I'm not I'm like that with any movie
though I don't know things about movies
what they did was you ever seen like a
virtual Museum and like a game we're
saying they did that with some of the
old Namco Games like they they added a
fake museum you could walk around you
can see the actual arcade games and
they'd have a digital representation of
like the circuit board with information
about it okay they did something like
that for Friday the 13th but it's a lie
there's a the virtual cabins like a
cabin you go to and it's like a setup
like a Friday the 13th museums
these are some of the mass and there's
some display there's the character
models but it's secretly a puzzle game
yes but a lot of the puzzle involves
your knowledge of Friday the 13th trivia
so so if we are ever graced by Jay again
we should play that as what you're
saying yeah okay gotcha do you want to
do you want to spoilers for mm-hmm
you don't want spoilers for I guess a
spoiler for me you don't care no I don't
you absolutely it's a big spoiler it's a
big spoiler yeah dude this do they want
spoilers for it
the Chet probably already knows sure if
you if you don't want to know what the
virtual cabin spoilers are you your
audio now it's alight so you know I'll
give you all clear I'll wave my hands
when it's fine okay yeah spoilers now
once you get your reward for finishing
all the puzzles yeah as you realize the
virtual cabin is like a virtual reality
cabin and Jason X kills you and you see
a little bit of the Jason X map cool yes
that's me that's great yes all right
it's boiler done
[Music]
that's very neat that's very neat
[Music]
[Music]
what look at you big square it's scary I
you're on the gook sense yeah we'll be
good all the paper RPG by a guy I used
to run with John Goodman original IP
made him enough money to quit his job
right d20 brontosaurus brontosaurus Rex
the Civil War just kept going and it was
in space with Dino writing okay okay
I don't know if I fully understand are
the things you are saying I'm with you
but good for you good for here friend a
lot of those things did not make sense
to me many apologies
[Music]
hang on blaggard says hey guys Kip they
were gonna start trick question
I hope you guys have had a very good
attack when can we expect the sequels of
the peepee song didn't we talk about you
know there was some sort of payment
involved with that so mind um the off
chance that somebody's rich and bored
well what's the payment we you can make
up a new one right now I don't know we
talked we talked about a while ago I
forgot but yeah ten thousand dollars for
the people
I'll make I'll make a pee-pee sequel a
PP song sequel it'll be great
I don't know I don't people people are
are always talking about the poopoo PP
signers like it was just this silly song
that I was singing my kids when they
were potty training I thought I'd make a
funny video out of it people people get
a little nuts about that
what happens we make something called
the peepee song yeah the peepee poo-poo
sir hey hey hee hee I thought it was
silly
I'm just not reading that it's not the
worst thing anybody has ever said but
nonsense
[Music]
huh
none of those do you guys think Return
of the Jedi set a precedent for third
movie and a franchise to be shit also do
you think that if returned the Jedi was
a solid conclusion that Star Wars fans
wouldn't suck here's the thing
it's not the best movie in in the series
but it is kind of a solid conclusion
Star Wars fans are just insane and can
never have enough I think if it would
have ended that Return of the Jedi
everyone would have been on payment fine
yes I think everyone would have been
like hey remember those three great
movies you know I'm trying to think of
I'm trying to think of name one of the
thousands of other movies that exist on
their own and not as part of a cinematic
universe that are really good and don't
need any other movies what I have said
about Return of the Jedi is that it's
good where it absolutely needs to be and
how though the Empire the the the the
Emperor stuff okay throne room stuff
that all works okay the space battle and
it's kind of fun I don't give a shit
about Lando but you know it's a good
space battle sure sure sure okay the
Ewoks stuff kind of sucks but you get
your emotional conclusion to the Luke
Skywalker saga absolutely yeah
absolutely
I know it like a lot of people a lot of
people are mad about the Ewoks in that
movie which is fair that's totally fair
I know I wasn't there I was never super
bothered by the Ewoks but I get it but
no it's a solid conclusion you know Luke
becomes the master Jedi or whatever he's
dressed all in black and Vader's like
it's good enough what else you want man
[Music]
Abner gook says oh hey how was the surge
I hear it's like blood-borne but sci-fi
and they announced a surge to but others
said surge one was boring like fighting
and upgrading on ps4 a universe online
yeah so the surge it is it's I never
actually played it soon you played a bit
you never got around to playing it is
exactly like a Souls born game yeah
but in a sci-fi universe and one of the
the other thing that was supposed to be
one of the selling points was that you
could like strategically rip off robot
parts of your enemies and hook them onto
yourself yeah the act of doing that was
actually never super satisfying and it
got really repetitive really fast
I liked ps2 games show them Chrome do
you tactically cut off people's limbs so
they can't wield the sword against you
but that's that's cutting off a live
limb that's quite censored oh sure no
and I I don't know I don't know what it
was about the eye you know because you
could you you cut off like oh they had a
gun right you could cut it off and then
attach it to yourself and then you would
have that gun or a hammer or like you
know different arms but it just never
felt like a significant enough of an
upgrade to continue doing it hmm jack is
actually talking about the surge yes I'm
talking about the videogame the surge
which got very what wait what ps2 game
old game called shadow of Rome which
good chunk of the game is this really
intensely satisfying Roman gladiator
combat and then the other Paris games is
somewhat less satisfying stealth section
but you know you get through those quick
enough and the the gladiator stuff was
insanely fun then they they really they
really worked appeasing the crowd into
the gameplay because if you do a varied
things you get a you get over more with
the crowd they they don't like seeing
the same things over and over so it kind
of encouraged you to switch up your
tactics and do different things and to
do things just for show like cut off
somebody's head and then raise up the
head to the crowd and that gets the
crowd going when the crowds going they
will throw you like better weapon and
help items so actually playing to the
crowd is that's it's worked into the
gameplay that's great yeah that's great
the gladiatori sections of shadow of
Rome are fucking awesome mmm used to cut
off other enemy's arms and beat them
with their severed arms oh yeah the
crowd loved that
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
while Adam Sandler says loving your crew
it's great no I'm just waiting for
something like Jack of it Canadians to
come on and instead of talking about the
topic just keep plugging their own ship
all the time
[Music]
don't talk about doing that specific
thing yeah yeah
[Music]
let's get Eddie to rumbles as rich a kid
about the pub gee but a few of us here
are looking for other prereq chatters
two squads lash duo with we have a
discord server for anyone interested
hope you don't mind the plug look it up
[Music]
plug up
bran flakes 4547 says I've been living
on my things so in the morning when the
morning bird sings they're still dinner
on my dinner jacket until the dinner
bell rings I've been leaving on my
things the way in the morning when the
morning bird sings I'm still I'm still
what they're still dinner on my dinner
jacket till the dinner bell rings it's a
thing my pajamas on oh I don't want to
beat that I wonder there's a very weird
about it yeah okay okay okay
it's great talking nonsense hi guys now
that every fight scene is an altered
choreographed anti-gravity matrix dance
do you ever miss dark diehard style
Bruce MacLean sloppy elbow swings while
half-conscious fights don't feel real no
I agree there's a place for ultra
stylized but something that she's did
gritty and brutal and that feels real
I enjoy that yeah it's a bit depends on
the show light yeah or the movie you
know like if you're watching Crouching
Tiger Hidden Dragon yeah you won oh sure
you want the choreography you want it to
be spectacular and magical other days
she just want to watch the road warrior
exactly other days you just want to
watch dude sloppily punch this
out of each other absolutely
[Music]
[Music]
what are your favorite story centric
games for the mechanics aren't the draw
well the mechanics should always be good
if you're just doing cinematics for the
sake of doing cinematics I don't really
care but if you want a cinematic game
that's also a good game but I really
appreciate the cinematics of them the
Arkham games that's fair
but if there's not a fun game
underlining your game
don't don't waste my time I want at
least I want at least a fun you know
maybe not the most innovative thing I'm
at least a fun game that'd be nice
yeah that'd be nice
Arkan was a boring series of awful
combatant oh that's your opinion
look I wouldn't want every game to have
an Arkham style combat I do like me some
old style combos I mean the Arkham
combat is just designed to make you feel
like a badass without actually having to
do that much but but actually performing
well in the Arkham combat is satisfying
before we get a higher level doing all
the variations and and not missing a
beat yes it's quite satisfied not
missing a beat yeah literally it's like
a rhythm game real combat listen I say
don't miss a beat I mean that literally
yeah I'm with you I'm with you so much I
wanted to emphasize that but I
definitely don't think it should be the
only type of combat in every game ever
can't you spam the reversal button and
you're pretty much evolving yeah but
you'd play like shit I mean you you well
you could really you couldn't do that
because later in the game there's some
tax that just attacks that aren't
culturable yeah so it just spamming the
the parry button would not win you the
game and even if you you could get
through a lot of the battles like that
you'd get a shitty score when you kind
of have to you kind of have to play the
Arkham combat for like the score getting
a high score in the actual battle
getting a lot of points
[Music]
[Music]
you ready for spider-man Arkham knockoff
no no Ritchie is not looking forward to
that
I am
for spider-man
[Music]
yes spider-man is effectively a
character who just gets into boss fights
spider-man versus Doc Ock spider-man
versus the Green Goblin spider-man vs.
venom and there they've taken up a
combat system which does very poorly
with single enemies
[Music]
so you've you've taken a character who
is known for awesome fights with super
criminals and you've given him a combat
system that doesn't do that thing very
well and you just he's yeah he's known
for awesome fights and super criminals
but also using that fighting method in
big crowds I think can be very sensitive
or could be it has the possibility to be
very satisfying what about the cuties
that's why all the boss battles are
gonna be QTE fest because they can't do
decent boss fights with that combat
system so it's all gonna be quick time
event quick time event quick time event
it's gonna be garbage every boss battle
is gonna be garbage dress today the rest
of the game might be okay yeah yeah but
what should be your centerpieces in a
spider-man game are all going to suck
I figured it out Arkham had good fights
aside from the car battles yeah but you
know what Arkham Knight didn't have boss
battles fight made me one boss battle in
Arkham Knight that wasn't in the fucking
tank or was it a cutscene
stupid tank
you can do good boss fights with the
system it's just really hard and relies
on weak designed to work around the
system see mr. Freeze's fight yeah mr.
Freeze's fight got around the combat
system not working for bosses by not
having a combat system into mr. Frese
fight it's a stealth battle damn the
combat system does not work well for
boss fights
[Music]
[Music]
district was a good fight district was a
passable fight in Arkham origins but
it's play that fight it's kind of a
QuickTime fest
[Music]
the best boss fight in the Arkham series
it's only one fight is a Fame in Arkham
origins and even then they throw minions
with you
during that fight news that's what the
combat system does minions as well yeah
does groups really well
it worked okay for Clayface oh that was
a shit battle and you know it I cannot
comment pardon me
that's what Batman's enemies are best at
having henchmen I'm not I'm not saying
it's completely horrible like I said a
work vote for Batman work one of those
games we're talking about how well this
is gonna work for spider-man right and
and you don't necessarily see Doctor
Octopus with his octopus henchman that's
not a that's not a thing in the
spider-man universe
it could have a better system it's not
I'm gonna say it oh I'm gonna Sam Oh
prepare yourself oh it's not
stylistically designed to be that way
[Music]
I'm not I'm not I'm not shitting on the
Arkham games
I'm just critiquing one aspect of them
and I think the games worked fine
without spectacular boss battles
[Music]
[Music]
we're the whole point of the Arkham
combat system it's just designed to make
you feel like a badass who beats up
large groups of people yes who are kind
enough to take you on one at a time and
not only a telegraph their attack would
have a bright glowing button above their
heads to be fair if you play on hard
they don't have that oh okay well though
and something the the the Batman style
the Arkham style combat is spider-sense
like that's all it is and that's why I
think it could work very well for a
spider-man game all right it depends on
how how much they want to shove those
QuickTime events in there now of course
[Music]
that's big the big question
[Music]
I remember I remember game
why is it that dendara can't walk
normally dan Dora is a celestial goddess
I think and I also think we're in space
the streetlamps behind you I think we're
on us big Space Station
[Music]
the only answer you need is because this
is the way the game is designed right
all right right it's a game designed
around doing that around happen like
that yeah yeah I there I don't believe
there is a proper in-game explanation
right why can't you jump in ocarina of
time right
why can't you do that but can't like
jump why can't link just have a jump
button Yeah right he has to
automatically jump when he when you
almost fall off the cliff right right
who did because the game was designed
perfectly around having the auto jump
look perfectly crush it rushing in to
defend that okay now right off time it's
said anything mildly critical this this
is a game perfectly designed around
zipping along the walls jackass wasn't
saying the Zelda system was horrible you
dipshit yeah we worked you know what it
works sometimes and then when it didn't
work
oh god that's suck it's good to show
contempt for your audience look not only
one in the audience is stupid but I got
no patience for fools man
that's good I'm bison right
fighting the ghost of m.bison
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Clarence heads his hi guys hi what was
the origin of people always sending
copies of Dookie also if you've heard
about Quincy Jones recent interview said
Richard Pryor and Marlon Brando or title
let's that's an interesting fact of true
really
I can't confirm this oh no I'm just
saying like he said that like me I I
don't I can't confirm that I'm saying
I heard about his interview I oh I only
heard about like apparently he was like
shit he was like shit talking the
Beatles and like just anyone he could
because he's like an old man now and
doesn't give a fuck
do keep doing this it's what's called
the world running joke what
whoa
[Music]
brought Adam sevices found Adam
Sandler's says can't believe no one
asked you about this if you guys see the
space X livestream yesterday w landing
was brilliant and now there's a fucking
Tesla in space I did see that was just
amazing right I actually did not see
what happened SpaceX was testing out
their new rocket which can now take a
heavier payload up can I take a heavier
pay this one did not blow up on launch
it didn't they it's been a while since
one has blown up our launch so now that
now they can take heavier stuff up into
space right yeah and so this was the
test of their new mega rocket and they
needed something to test it with so Elon
Musk said fuck it take my cherry red
Tesla Roadster my sports car and send it
to space yeah and he did I mean it it's
just amazing free publicity for him so
his his car was orbiting the earth for a
while then he wanted to send it to orbit
Mars overshot it a little bit and so
there will be a red convertible in the
asteroid belt now okay which is
hilarious and then the two mega rockets
these you know these like mega rockets
took this Tesla and then the two ones
you know because they've reused the what
are they called the fuselages or
whatever they they come back and land in
perfect synchrony synchronicity it was
beautiful
good it was it was a beautiful day for
space travel and science and I know
everyone's everyone's pooh-poohing it
like not everyone but like oh we have
problems here and these days you know
rich man sends his car displays a fuck
yeah I did Richie can do whatever need
to advance we needs we need hope we need
to get better at getting out into space
absolutely we need as a fucking species
you know what else we need a little
fucking imagination up in here we need
we need some some people look into the
Stars again fuck yeah send your send
your roadster up there do it man do it
[Music]
fucking do it so anyway it was a good
time though all this experimentation
with rockets is it is it going to be a
waste someday when we have a space
elevator maybe maybe this is what will
lead to the space elevator yeah you know
right now they have made getting things
to space cheaper faster with less risk
to human life like boom boobity boobity
boo
it wouldn't be any good for people
because the g-forces but just a fucking
giant railgun if I could just shoot
payloads directly into fucking space
just a massive fucking railgun Jerell
yeah I'm with you space elevators are
impractical until you build one and then
it's amazingly practical your cost of
going into spaces and at that point
nothing
this audit it would be cool but I don't
see what happening anytime soon
well no nothing's happening anytime soon
because we stopped carrying a bun God
it's yes and I guess that's what I'm
trying to say here is like this
motherfucker is igniting people's
imaginations sounds great yeah I support
it
Mack
the space elevator won't happen
what here look at that what why would it
happen
a cure for polio won't happen rich I
know just get up so just give up man a
man on the moon that won't happen
give up dingus because you can't build
it no we can't build it currently right
that doesn't mean it'll never happen
100 years ago we couldn't fly I guess we
put a hundred years ago yeah
120 years ago
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
Millennials I just don't want to go to
space to feel super on the phone I don't
I don't think that's morning that's
great that was a great old man marriage
yeah
oh you Millennials you don't want to go
to space
[Music]
let's just go straight to start tricks
down transporters instead of building a
tower in Smith's yeah well
technologically we're considerably
closer to having an elevator that goes
into space so I think that's a practical
place to focus your attention sure sure
[Music]
space is cold and dark like most
chapters
so this is what was when you go to the
planets
let's go
space is fun
I guess the planets
[Music]
hey playing a predator that music was
really loud okay I feel like the music
got louder for the boss battle okay yeah
be repetitive if something's bothering
you let us know if we can do something
about it we will
[Music]
[Music]
not of missiles this would be a lot
easier with missiles I was probably
supposed to take his first form with
just my regular blaster and save my
missiles for this but I didn't so here
we are
and then it state says who brought this
up feel free to ignore yeah yeah y-yeah
yeah you would anyways yep
ever talk about the Superman comic
creators from back in the day
you mean sagale and Seagal and your
sister a couple times I not a regular
subject matter to that ends pretty
fucking depressing Lee yes the story if
most comic book creators ends very
depressing Lee it's true it's really
true I was reading a book about the
history of comics that focused on the
creators yeah it was so depressing I had
to stop reading it by the time it got to
the 80s I just had to stop
I believe it yeah I absolutely believe
it
the whole book of stories stories upon
stories of corporate entities prop
corporate entities profiting off of the
ideas of other people who died broke and
penniless not not fun times
yeah book history yeah I suppose that's
that's really any medium right Superman
made billions of dollars to go and
Chester died penniless yeah what was
that was that great documentary Batman
in a bill Batman a bill don't think I
basically created Batman Bob came took
all of the fucking credit and the money
yep yep and everything you really liked
about Batman created by some person
you've never heard of because of Bob
Kane the dick oh yeah good point
oh shit is that true about Bob Kane yeah
originally Batman was gonna have like a
red costume with some kind of like red
motorcycle helmet and then Bob Bill
Finger walked by and said no no no you
got to do this and then he drew Batman
on a whim
not a whit on a whim like like think
things like the Batmobile and the
Batcave and Robin and and the cowl and
the ears and the color scheme and the
way the cake looks with the swoop D
groups yeah basically the costume Hill
finger not Bob Kane so the entire
concept basically anything important I
think you know Bob Kane came up with the
name Batman right it's possible that
originally he was going to use a
baseball bat I'm not sure
[Music]
whoa I can go on his face
[Music]
when did the Batman become a ninja
probably the 70s when kung-fu was
becoming a thing yeah yeah that's good
coffee
oh you jump on him yeah I just I just
realized that
I have missiles now so this second zone
should go a little bit faster
we do it a jack no Matta misses it
actually ended up kind of a horse apiece
except for now I have significantly less
health because the missus got me over
the first area a lot faster and I lost
more help than that first day shit
sounds very low there another thing
after this
jump on his face again
trying to keep trying keep trying to
shoot him from the distance where it's
never going to work you need to you need
to be on yeah oh fuck
I'll send me I need to get better like
your your gun charges up and then
releases and I think I'm charging for
too long so thank you okay I think I
need to you know I can I can shoot
faster but there's no you know what
there's not there's not like a like it's
an alright there's not like a little
ding to say it's ready your gun like you
think Batman which game did everyone
enjoy more Arkham Asylum city or night
well the answer is definitely not night
and you should be throwing origins in
that list because origins is not a bad
Batman game by any means it's better
than night the Batmobile fucking ruins
night it does
I didn't like the Deadshot battle on
origins why not that's actually a neat
battle
it's another stealth one because they
realized that the combat system doesn't
work that great for boss fights ain't
got nothing on the mr. freeze battle but
it's pretty good
I didn't mind the batmobile harness -
honestly well man that's your Brendon
that's gonna try to do it I don't know I
can't disagree with that you liked it
but I can't stand the battle he'll man
it just shoves itself in that game just
shoves itself up your ass and it won't
go away and it wants to be the focus for
everything and it's obnoxious
I agree
looks like a cat yeah his head or that
was the eyes the way the nose is
highlighted did we took a cat bones
[Music]
okay we got to help push him we got all
of our rockets I think the real key was
[Music]
was a faster shooting that little
gameplay was fine by itself it was just
way too much of it yes
if you cut
80 maybe 85% of the Batmobile out of
that game you got the makings okay
son of a bitch go
dr. lu mitosis stealth reboot for star
wars idea Sith and Jedi origin story and
just keep making sequels to it until
remaking prequel trilogy original
trilogy and sequel trilogy
thank you for your tip but care ways
says hey guys I recently got into prereq
and have been enjoying the stream I was
wondering if richest ever played the MLB
the show games on his blood-borne box
and if he enjoys the series at this
point literally the only thing I have
the blood-borne box for yeah is
blood-borne right and I never really
played the bigs that was a Wii game
called MLB power pros that made two of
them okay only two but I enjoyed those a
great deal
it had a character crater where you can
make your own baseball player yeah but
it was done via like a little RPG mode
okay
there's a little story mode that you did
things that would increase various stats
that's how you that's how you created
your own player you did it by playing as
an RPG mini game okay power pros is
adorable
[Music]
good good
all right no health lost all my missiles
on to the second section Jack please
focus all of our six I know I don't want
to redo this again either I'm with you
[Music]
is this the final boss I really hope not
[Music]
because we just haven't been playing
that long
you know they give you they give you the
little aim reticle thing so when you
jump in them have fun in your shooting
all my missiles
he's market oh they don't do that much
damage to me not really but I was
looking at the wrong thing early when I
thought we're doing a piece of damage I
guess I was looking at the missile
healthy how many missiles you I'd loved
everything that was thought that says
help oh my god you pretty close tag oh
no no how do they not hit you you fuckin
lucky son of a bitch I'll take it I'll
take it
do you need to get the little green
arrow before her win a platformer
conditioning for the distance no you
need the little green oh come on the
face
no not no badge now
fighting a losing battle here wait in
the losing battle here I'm not gonna win
damn it
[Laughter]
[Music]
look my love bird says alternative
history lesson number one
Lee Marvin played James Bond in the hit
1973 movie lived for fear what was it
like oh it was terrible
Lee Marvin was terrible bond there you
go
sure alternate history with you I don't
Kim know says I recently bought sonic
mania and played it for five minutes
before I remembered that I fucking hated
sonic games when I was a kid had
nostalgia ever misguided you when
revisiting games TV movies I was a
spider-man game I streamed once that
didn't hold up as well as I remembered
when I was a kid
sure
rebel bases hey guys what is the next
prereq episode me personally I would
love to see another retro review like
Zelda 2 or Sonic
maybe with Shadow of the Colossus remake
dual remaster versus remake episode are
you gonna answer what do you want me to
say well you know what the answer is
I've told you what my suggestion was
yeah yeah and I said I was cool then
we'll just do it yeah you wanna tell
them you want to I don't care you tell
them you were seem to be enjoying slay
the spire I'm enjoying it yeah it'll be
another you know one of those early
access deal because it's in early access
but yeah I might not do an episode on
slay this fucking shit
[Music]
so yeah we're gonna be episode on slay
this fight we've been enjoying it why
not
I'd like to make sure you know you keep
up episodes regularly but I'm not
pushing anything Jack did you ever play
Superman spider-man 64 did you like it I
don't have any recollection of
spider-man since it was there a
spider-man 64 are you thinking of
Superman 64 they have to be figured
Superman 64 was never a spider-man 64
and if you think you threw out Superman
64 nobody likes Superman 64 it's
terrible Leyton horrible
one of the few things is objectively
terrible
isn't spider-man 64 just the ps1
spider-man I don't I don't think I've
ever gotten at least on the 64
[Music]
anonymous says a final sales pitch for
Fallout New Vegas is to try out old
world blues you help brains and jars
that talk of television screens escape a
big empty crater that used to be a
military research base
apparently the PlayStation PlayStation 1
Spyder and didn't come out on the 64
according to Wikipedia I I have
literally never seen it that's complete
news to me I don't know how well it held
up but I can tell you at the time
I liked the PlayStation 1 version you
want to play this shit you could have
saved your slay the spire game you could
have finished that on stream your your
epic beat the game run but instead
you're gonna get your act ass kicked by
M Bisons head over and over again and
you know what that's just fuckin Karma
it's my fault it's my fault it's it's a
hundred percent my fault
can't upgrade it I can't upgrade
anything
Nana says I have a lifelong phobia of
the bugs so the pit scene in Jackson's
King Kong and the Rope scene and
Creepshow are unwatchable
have there been scenes in movies that
are too freaky for you and maybe still
are you mention those that you don't
mention anything about Temple of Doom do
another thing where she's got to reach
into the thing filled with blood to grab
oh yeah yeah and then as the spikes are
coming down like bugs are crawling all
over Indiana Jones - yeah I'm super
gross or like eating the the bug
intestines at the dinner scene yeah ton
of gross stuff in there
in the number of records obeah at the
end of that movie my little brother was
literally hiding under the seed oh oh
yeah
none of the songs
what if they sent you to a planet with
the only way you could move was to fire
a slingshot gun you could travel to
that's something you might be interested
in no fire dance ad says what would be
one of the worst sequels that hurt the
previous films and a franchise for real
for me it's still alien 30 it's garbage
then it's a garbage now well it's not a
movie but the only answer I could
possibly give to this is Mass Effect 3
that's the only answer they want yeah
cuz it actually does rule on the other
two right I can't think of many movies
where I couldn't just ignore the the
sequel I don't like yeah
fucking the aim is the aim is definitely
bothersome to me
I don't want to bring up Star Wars with
Rosie Star Wars well here's the thing I
can still enjoy the original trilogy
just fine the fact that prequels suck I
can just I could just ignore that they
exist and I'm fine yeah like I said with
with with the you know the original
trilogy yeah we got a beginning a middle
and an end so I got my closure I can i I
can compartmentalize that I can't do
that with Mass Effect because there
isn't there isn't that that says they
had a satisfying conclusion nope nope
that's that's that's how it ruins the
first two the first one's the closest
been like a standalone thing mm-hmm
it still felt like a funeral march final
one to play Mass Effect one oh sure
after three I didn't get out of the
first day Oh
[Music]
you ever see a massive a movie or
Bioshock Bioshock
why are we still killing this big giant
head because I haven't killed him yet
dick Sullivan's dreaming for two hours
I've gotten pretty far in the game we're
good at it
hey Chad I think you got a lot of head
to look forward to here a lot of head we
just were not necessarily progressing in
a way I would like and I'm not I don't
see an end I don't see I don't see the
clearing here for the video game English
pretty sure they all suck
probably because good games weren't
designed to be cinematic experiences I
got you you m.bison fuck I'm gonna take
it I know you're being sarcastic but I'm
gonna take it I figured you're y'all
fighting that head for so long that the
clap should be proportional absolutely I
don't care I won that's that's legit
apology for being a little bit of an ass
just a little bit
it started off sincere and then I
thought I could make a joke out of it
but it started off sincere look I get to
talk to lazuli let's duel i Dan diorama
dearest you did it again this game have
manual saving no against all odds you
defeated Augustus in the past the salt
was in the beautiful piece oh how I
grieve for those days the diorama
I've lost my strength to five pleased
antara this is far from over
ALPA see those days again I can feel it
in the depths of my art that this is why
you were here
I take this
[Music]
take this dendara the stone of creation
forged in the old days for exploring the
salt is carrier can leave further when
the creation device nearby this stone is
a fresh start of fact one of the last of
its kind
it'll help you reach the furder within
the salt oh I just like like it's like a
Canadian accent it's like a yooper
accent like oh you must rest now a tear
my dear I am exhausted I hope you
understand goodbye
anonymous sense hey you two what's up
hey hey YouTube Disney Corporation has
been following oh we really like your
style great we'd love for you to come in
and pitch us some ideas maybe we can
work together
absolutely okay hear me out okay
this is a this is maybe not a billion
idea Dylan dollar idea but millions
millions of dollar idea okay I'm with
you there's a lot of furries out in this
world right furries a lot of hurry's in
this world you take the Disney
characters alright and you license some
official Disney furry porn and they will
eat that shit up that's that's my Disney
Corporation pitch dragon officially
licensed furry porn and I guess how like
how would you differentiate this from
bootleg Disney fur it's got the Disney
logo on it right we're gonna put some
instructions on your shows yeah we're
gonna we're gonna get our best costume
designers we're gonna make the best
furry outfits I'll be honest with you
rich I don't think there's that big a
market for it but I like where you're
going I like where your head's at you're
thinking outside the box
so you want to play some splits fire you
know what you know what that's fine cuz
when I cut this up in youtube we can end
it on the Disney furry porn okay that
was the Dora
oh yeah yay