Episode 953
Slaying more Spires
February 10, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZqlWlBBg5W0
___________________________________________

okay okay there we go slay the spire
slay the spire you're playing the poison
one so I'll do the other one yeah
ah the ghost whale what do you like what
do you like ghost with minor oh no we
got her transformed two cards that could
be nice HP it's kind of a lot
oh yeah eight well eight max HP that's
ten percent of my health yeah yeah that
could be a lot gold is always good
upgrade a card as always no not now
they're starting cards but now you're
starting cards having some extra gold no
the upgrading I'm saying the upgrade
he's not worth it would be extra gold
that's fine oh yeah every once in a
while I'll try doing V like get have
random different relic and so far it's
never worked yeah yeah a lot of the
relics are crap that's why a lot of the
relics of crap
so like losing and you're starting relic
of gain HP after every battle is very
helpful it's not that great a during
these first stages I think it helps you
a great deal like the question marks but
I asked when I hit the campfire
look at that campfire I'm planning my
route and no planet planet do it do it
plant it work it stronger faster better
harder I'm sure this is super fun to
play but this this is super fun to play
believe it or not sometimes I was just
watching what was I just watching I was
watching an episode of shut up and sit
down about the board game hi I've ever
heard of this board game no it's a
two-player kind of chess like where they
have you know different pieces that each
have their own specific moves and then
it's just strategy of beating the other
players queen right yeah and and they
were saying on the show how you know a
lot of times when you when we show
footage of people playing a game it's
you know everyone talking and laughing
and having a raucous good time but the
only footage we can show you if us
playing this game is us staring at our
pieces yeah in complete silence and
sometimes that's a good game not every
game is gonna be a rowdy bombastic time
sometimes you're just staring at your
cards hive ya hive is a is a is a neat
board game it's like chess you have
little bug pieces that are hexagons and
you have to surround the the other
person's queen it's not an entertaining
game to watch we'll talk to you we're
here we're still doing shit
the nice thing about a game like this is
it's really easy to take a break from
like you don't even need to worry about
pausing it you just don't move and you
can stop stop and take a break you know
and I'll go with them okay well let's
see here anonymous says what I'm
concerned about with SpaceX
is it sets a dangerous precedent where a
private company led by one rich guy can
get more done than any country giving
them a free rein with little
accountability you know a little push
and pull
you see you sound like a person who does
not much care for libertarian ideas
which is fair which is fair I mean as
far as we know everything that Elon has
done has been by the book
and he has what you do and you know he
is still operating within the system
ya better transform that shit I like I
like that MC Lukas maybe the country
should get off their ass and get people
to space and stuff instead of Ilana and
I agree but hey we got a we got a we
have a sports car in space at the moment
and that's fuckin great
now alums working within the system he's
all of all of his eyes are dotted all of
his T's are crossed he's figuring it out
he's figuring it out let's see here what
we got here Keyser Hawk says rich yeah
you say the Arkham games are terrible
for boss fights yes but what would but
what would do you look for in a boss
fight that you would consider
interesting good like literally any
other game you've played that's had good
boss fights I know I don't I don't know
if you actually understand what I'm
saying
I'm the Arkham games yeah are by design
it's to make you feel like a badass as
you agree to beat up large groups of
enemies yes it's not built for you to
fight one large thing the combat adjust
with the counters and what it doesn't
work as well sure I don't I don't know
that there's an ideal this is well this
is the only system for fighting for
bosses possibly it's just that that one
doesn't particularly work well for it
well you've said you've liked like the
mr. freeze fight which is a stealth
that's stuff that has nothing to do with
the combat system well you know
something we've said a lot we've we've
repeated something a lot which is the
best boss fights are utilizing the same
mechanics in the rest of the game
they're just harder right and so the mr.
freeze boss fight utilizes the stealth
gameplay in the rest of the game yes
it's a great boss but it's harder I love
the mr. freeze fright but we're talking
about the arkham combat specifically i
don't know you said boss fights what do
you look for in boss fights no one
specific thing yeah like you know i
think i think a great example is
something like blood-borne where with
every boss fight in blood-borne you're
doing the same shit that you're doing
with you know a one zombie they're just
bigger or and harder or how do you make
batman archvillains and a great
one-on-one boss fights many of them
aren't brawling villains which is why it
works for the Arkham games because the
Batman is a detective he finds the Joker
beating up the Joker isn't necessarily a
problem it's a system that works fine
for what it what it is yeah
that's right it's about fun maybe you
guys just don't understand Batman I feel
like that's that's an issue here like I
like the Arkham games I even like the
combat in them I'm just saying that
doesn't work that well for for boss
fights I don't know it doesn't I'm not
even necessarily saying it has to I'm
saying if you want fun boss fights the
Arkham combat is not not what I'm
looking towards yeah well and you know
the the the farce awakens to bounce back
to Elon Musk the farce awakens is saying
we're talking about a man who just
wasted four thousand pounds of cargo
space to brand Mars's orbit with his car
I don't believe he wasted that space as
this rocket was a test flight so it's
not like he would be carrying up
valuable cargo anyway he wanted to put
something in the Rockets that if it
exploded wouldn't cost him extra money
so he put his own car in there as a
publicity stunt sure but these were just
a test of the Rockets
so I don't I don't believe there was any
way a.m. waste in space you gotta gotta
put something in there then he's just
having a little fun with it
did I see the Super Bowl trailer for
Jurassic world - nope I didn't know they
had one I didn't I didn't watch a Super
Bowl I I'm you know seeing some of the
commercials on the internet but you know
like the the guy from stranger things
doing the tag commercials as cute thing
oh no he did a whole he did a whole
thing where we're tied snuck into other
people's commercials
yeah snooze neat very Mema tastic I've
been seeing a ton of people slip tide
net like like it was one of those
commercials where they were definitely
going for a let's hope people lob onto
this funny idea and basically do our job
for us and make their own Tide
commercials by slipping tied products
into other things and it worked like
gangbusters that's all the Internet has
been doing this week is slipping tie
branding into already established stuff
man nope it's a time commercial haha I'm
doing the joke - no you're you're
playing into their marketing over having
fun huh if they're having fun does it
matter no no it doesn't matter it
reminds me a lot of those Doritos take
over the Superbowl commercial things you
remember that no Doritos a few years ago
Doritos was like hey submit your Doritos
commercial and if we like it enough
we're gonna use it in a Super Bowl and
you you know buddy internet person could
create our Super Bowl and so they got
you know gajillion submissions and then
a very popular thing on the Internet is
this was my rejected Doritos ad it was
too much for the Doritos corporation so
they rejected it and you know more funny
but it was just basically Doritos going
like oh we just got free advertising and
we don't have to be liable if anyone
Sue's anyone you know
for them doing dangerous or dumb shit
right
Jack comes off as someone who thinks
youyou HTC's scar you probably meant to
admit the types of mail you type the
jack comes off as someone who thinks
smarter than everyone I think what you
meant to say is you that's not the
comment you want to fuck up that's not
the comment you want to fuck up yeah but
no yeah I definitely think smarter than
everyone so thanks for saying so cuckoo
bird you can't make that kind of typo
that was that was not what you meant to
type but that's fine well you just got
owned by Jack how sad is that
think about it for a second you're big
I'm smarter than Jack Jackson idiot and
he fucking poles for like grammatical
errors I make fun of you for grammatical
errors you think about that
Jack and brain good Jack and brain good
right what do we got here doo doo doo
doo
anonymous says rich is too nice thank
you
she's too nice rich
Patton Oswalt said you have to respect
other people's beliefs no you don't look
you have to acknowledge everyone's
belief and then you have to reserve the
right to go are you kidding me okay yeah
I'll agree with that yeah yeah that's
fair yeah you don't have to you don't
have to respect anyone you just gotta
you know not be a total dickhead to them
at all times
shilling dazed cars me yeah with nothing
Jack I like I like it that's classic
that's classic fill your hand with
useless garbage classic cards are
useless garbage to begin with I'm not
having a good run I don't need the game
to make it harder that's how it works
room ramesses hey rich I'm Jack longtime
fan of both of you and your streams I
was wondering what would be your
favorite Beatles albums if you had one I
don't have a specific favorite Beatles
album I'm sorry yeah once we take the
Beatles I don't know what sound what
album I know there's funny a good Beatle
songs but I don't I don't know what's on
what I'm sorry are you ready for some
internet hate yeah I don't terribly care
for the Beatles Wow I under I understand
their significance to rock and roll and
music in general just not my thing just
not my thing I'm sorry I'm and yeah I'm
very very sorry I just that never got
into him I like a lot of the artists who
were inspired by the Beatles but there's
not a thing
I'm not having any cards that are like
wow well it but wow I'm getting old you
you have to remember rich sometimes the
smartest choice is to choose none of the
cards to take well I got I got nothing
at all I need something I need something
I can't just keep the starter cards
because I'm not finding anything I like
hmm I got a I got I have to make this
work
yeah I know a lot of cheap card so I
need I need carbs that get me
multiple card like I got a lot of these
zero cards yeah yeah yeah so I need more
hands at a times what I did okay so you
need cards that'll allow you to draw
cards and get more you got you got to
play to your strengths yeah I'm with him
that's right my name is Tate and
sometimes the smartest choice is to wait
for your friend to see your cards and
tell you what to do so you can win
that's absolutely true I still won so
I'll take it that eventually sometimes
that happens like I get so we focused on
on my on my strat that I don't see I
don't see the forest for the trees you
know
did you did it fish I didn't know yeah I
don't know maybe then ain't done jack
shit
great anonymous says we want another
heavy dialogue game you guys to do
characters for otherwise we are all
quitting prereq forever
we decided gimme what I won't yeah we'll
do that another time
and in general we like doing the voices
James as a fun you know we don't know
when words do the plant will playing a
card game now that's the game we're into
at the moment I don't like you know I'd
know that to be true but I want them to
be happy it's nice to be happy
do you know do you guys know if they are
planning to release this game on GOG I
do not know it's in early access at the
moment on Steam so I don't know if steam
has some sort of fun GOG game of course
but do you think steam has any sort of
like if you go early access with us
there's an exclusive period or behind
the scenes with something right I would
have no idea I have no idea either so I
just don't know who's the developer
who's the developer ask him ask him on
the Twitter who makes this game
what they call
hold on we're gonna find out
mega crits M eg a CRI T mu that's why at
the start of each combat draw two
additional cards and that's exactly what
I need
nice right mega crit I got the
beginnings of a strategy so go ask them
these anchor cards they might work for
me yeah yeah much money do I go you can
you can ditch a weak card maybe pick up
I think I just have to embrace weak
cards I need something that gives me
extra draws I need right that's a good
one well no no but you can get rid of
like you can get rid of one of your like
basic attack cards and then you make
more room in your deck in your hands for
the good cards that you want right right
but that's 75 bucks deal 10 damage if
this kills a non minion enemy gain three
permanent max HP yeah could be good I
know it's it's decent it's I mean it's
it's not terrible I mean is it so he's
not three the problem is threes not that
much behind a grand scheme of things
it's ten damage for just one energy oh
no I I like this car I'm probably gonna
buy it I'm just I won't have enough
that's one forty eight let's see do I
want to actually just get rid of any of
this anything you get rid of just frees
up space for for the cards you want in a
possible hand
did I mix up deck and hand again I do
that often
oh yeah blinking white like if if he can
get that right card that's potentially
three plus max HP out of every battle
and this and he's still in world one
hears potentially here's what I'm
looking for yeah I got these anger cards
I have two of them which is nice yeah
every time I use them they make copy of
themselves and they go onto my deck yeah
so I need something that gets me a lot
of cards my hands my cycle through my
deck faster yeah and then I get a whole
bunch of free use anger cards and I want
I want that fucking head bud card
because the headbutt lets you take
something out of your discard and put it
in you I can just keep getting more more
I got a friend thousands of anger cards
I like it I like it there are only six
damage but they cost nothing to use okay
so I need a ton of those maybe one or
two things that are like just big-time
attack damage or maybe just more defense
cards to go along with all the anchor
cards I'm gonna have probably defense
carbs yeah I'll go with this anger
strategy but I want a headbutt to make
this really work great so I'm thinking I
got I got the makings of the vague
makings of something that'll probably
collapse on me absolutely for the next
boss fight you have it you have you have
a strategy and then you have to
immediately ditch that strategy when
it's not working or you get a different
card right
say unfortunate I didn't get any my zero
carbs none of the cards you want none of
the cards I want yeah shit happens man
yeah someone apparently asked to make a
crit about bringing the game to gog and
they said they are steam focused at the
moment early access which is fair but
perhaps when the game is done being
developed they all think of other
distribution anonymous says hey rich yes
you know what my favorite stream boss
fight is that you have ever had he had
big sacks he had hard wood and it was
honestly impressive you stuck it out and
took him down in the end big sacks
hardwood are they just making a dick
joke or was there an actual boss fight
which were you referring to or is it
just a dick joke oh the tree guy from
Dark Souls 3 oh yeah okay tree nuts tree
balls he was great
let's see here hey guys love the stream
important question what is the best
cheese to use in a grilled cheese
sandwich
cheddar American Kraft singles or
something I haven't thought of your
choice
you know what experiment round you
called me a purist but those craft Sigma
singles melt real nice Oh
Kraft yep Kraft singles Kraft that's
solidified oil
nothing gets gooey er nothing gets gooey
or and a grilled except for real cheese
that you buy at a fucking deli no I like
the Kraft singles get your cheese from a
deli don't buy the question here here's
the thing if I'm just eating cheese like
if I'm just gonna have some cheese on
crackers
yukio you get them you get them real
nice cheese right you making a grilled
cheese sandwich out you want a gooey you
want to melty I like the Kraft singles I
do
millions of Frenchmen cried out in pain
they didn't know why do it do it cry and
pain I I enjoyed cheese but you know
it's it's a grilled cheese sandwich
nice nice jack is more of an Eggman I
definitely more of an egg man you know
me love my eggs alright you gotta kill
him where else he runs away with you
money nicely done nicely done rich okay
we done yes yes Yugi again to max health
that's pretty good
no I did yes dr. livid Akhter lube it up
wants to say speaking of Elon Musk have
you heard what he's doing in South
Australia the world's biggest
lithium-ion battery and 50,000 batteries
and solar panels for South Australian
residents he offered the giant battery
in the states in a hundred days or it's
free the build was fifty Cent completed
before the hundred days started yes and
apparently it's it's doing so well that
that the way Australia is going to
handle its energy has completely shifted
yep also he's apparently doing a bunch
of work theoretical work a prospective
work in Puerto Rico after the the big
storms I mean if so many people are
still out of power he has you know said
hey let's talk about working on your
infrastructure rebuilding it with solar
panels so the next time of a thing like
this happens we can you know get you
back on your feet faster with solar
power mm-hmm it's exciting times
exciting exciting times
let's see here anonymous I see your tip
see it not gonna read it
true blue review says speaking of ads
commercial ads did you see what was
deemed the worst Superbowl ad they used
a speech from dr. King to compare his
words and human accomplishments to their
trucks also Hyundai had kids with cancer
I saw I didn't see the actual commercial
but I saw the people reacting to the dr.
King truck commercial and and yeah like
I get it they were trying to be
respectful they apparently got
permission from dr. King's living family
yeah which is great that's you know it's
it's great but someone somewhere along
the line said do you guys think this is
a good idea like Mick mixing the most
famous civil rights leader with our
truck commercial thinking is hard
thinking thinking is really hard
I agree rich thinking is very hard
still seems that exactly Lord Beats it's
a it's a tacky move and it's a someone
it's one of those movies where you would
like to think that someone somewhere
would shut it down ooh look at burning
pact you have to exhaust one card though
which means it doesn't come back for the
rest of the battle it cost me one to do
it and it cost you wanted to do it I
don't know
Kaine Kraft says everybody loves the
voices so I'm in the minority here but I
feel like the demand to do them got in
the way of simply enjoying the genre of
text adventure games Jackson thew Z
Azzam that was so infectious well I
think that's part of it like doing the
voices and figuring out the puzzles is
all part of it I think we got a did we
that we did Space Quest too right yes
yeah we did space question three
so no use face quest three is what's
next
I need to start grow some of these
mister glitch is saying in the very same
speech MLK goes off on a rampant
consumerism even using luxury car is
one-upmanship as an example so like
later in the speech he's like don't own
a nice car and they use that speech the
car commercial come on guys come on guys
upgrading yeah that's a nice card
especially when you have multiple
enemies the Thunder clapping I don't
think I have a deck that's worthy to
take out this boss you know yep
alright that's fair I just simply don't
it's not there
not these two IVs right oh shit like if
I can last long enough yeah you might be
able to eat get out and yeah look at
that no I'm not going to
oh yeah he's not to fuck you up
show them that first got to make sure to
hit him hit him with vulnerable first oh
oh you made him clam up yeah that's nice
yeah
you made him clam up
jack is looking very rusty venture
tonight that adventure brothers they're
looking very rusty tonight yeah go to
things starting maybe got a little bit
of a beard going he's bald with the
goatee okay I got a little bit of a
beard going I was in a rush yesterday
and I needed to shave and I'm gonna how
many how many people you encounter on
the way home who needed help on the side
of the room rode today none today none
but no yesterday I was in a rush and I
and I was leaving the house and I needed
to shave because you know like I was
gonna be seen out in public and so I
didn't have time for the whole shebang
so I just did my head and trimmed up the
beard to save me like that 15 minutes it
takes shaving the beard and yeah I kept
it you know me and beards it's gonna be
gone as soon as I start itching it but
it's here for a little bit
anonymous I see your tip I see it
certainly not gonna read it
but thanks we appreciate it
wonderful Jack and rich think of Black
Panther I'm really excited for Black
Panther I haven't seen it I also have
not seen it I'm excited
mostly because I really liked Creed and
Brian Kuebler
I want to say that's the director's name
koogler is doing Black Panthers so I'm
super excited am I allowed to not be
super excited you're allowed to not be
super excited about any movie that's
kind of okay I was just curious
I'm just curious you're allowed to not
be super excited because I know
superhero fatigue another Marvel movie
that's fine I like superhero movies and
I like Ryan Coogler so I'm down I'm in
it
if you're rich beating any act three
bosses I did I beat the AK free boss no
I have not you have not yet okay just
barely I only look this is only like my
sixth seventh run through the game okay
I got last night okay
[Music]
we watched black cougar on best anyways
I can tell you all about black cougar
it's the only superhero that's there for
the kids
rich you're supposed to look bored right
about now cuz I'm about to talk hey Kane
Kraft wants to know who my favorite
overwatch heroes are to play well
there's you know there's several I I am
actually I really like Zarya and I like
mercy mercy is a great main healer
obviously super badass she just got a
mega nerf and so she's not as fun to
play as she was on just a little bit ago
but also a little bit ago before the
nerf she was a demon from Hell that
could stop any team even though she's
very situational I love Symetra setting
up her little slow down traps and her
beam gun that gets stronger the longer
it's on someone I think Symetra is a
great character really fun and very
useful she's often not used on offensive
maps in a payload situation but I think
she can be really helpful you put a
couple of your sentries on the payload
and that'll just fuck up anyone trying
to stop the payload and you know her
teleporters still worked great no matter
where they are I've been picking up I've
been picking up fara more I feel like a
lot of people aren't playing fair right
now for some reason
and she's great just get up high and hit
everyone with rockets and I've also been
trying to learn the cream
and McCree is a I don't quite have him
yet you know he's a hitscan hero and my
aim isn't the super greatest but he has
a lot of potential so I'm trying to
learn machrie moor and I'm trying to use
Reinhardt more but there's I mean every
that's the the joy of overwatch is there
are so many heroes where you can you can
just try a new hero and and really learn
a hero and it's a whole new game I
really wants to get into doom fist but I
don't feel like I'm mentally prepared
yet but I've seen some people play it as
doom fists and they absolutely wreck
everyone it's just punch slam shoot
rising uppercut and I just don't know
how to even react to do fist
[Music]
and that's it that's that's all I have
about
for the Thampi
death thousand cuts none of these do
that much damage but they're free and I
got a ton of them yeah yeah exponential
growth I hate this sharp-eyed I just
have to have to just batter through it
yeah but what does he hate you for every
time with three well I got here I got 18
okay
28 38 38 let's just do it do it yeah
yeah we'll be fine
oh wait wait wait yeah you got it hit
him with the ocean in the feed you got
it you got it
ah I'm already there already there you
aren't you you've already got it BAM
nice nicely done max HP raised and full
health way to go
you did it that have worked real well if
I had cards that raised my strength yeah
no that's that's an awesome card that is
an awesome guy it's an awesome car I
don't have anything to really utilize
properly the zero cards with a heavy
hitter like bludgeon though I could I
can make better use of that absolutely
hit him with a couple little ones yeah
and get the big hit and hit him with the
big hit yeah yeah gain energy at the
start of each turn whenever you open an
on boss chest obtain a curse interesting
some extra energy points max HP is
lowered by 20% whenever you lose HP draw
one card
no wait what's 20% of 89 enough enough
is it 65 is what I mean that's what I
think something like that you'd be left
with 71 you'd be left with 71 and your
max HP is raised you know with that card
and you get sort of a bitch I think I
have too and if you get hit you draw a
card that's exactly what you want yeah I
know I know yeah oh yeah he didn't need
to pick any you don't need to pick items
if you don't want to but I think that's
a good item pyramid the pyramid has you
drawing less cards over time and I'm
going with cheap cards that I can use a
lot of yeah the pyramid I don't think
that works for me Rich's whole strat is
about cycling through his deck as fast
as possible
[Music]
my name is Tate is it wants to give you
a fair warning it's a little too late
warning but uh yeah
remember rich you are now taking advice
from a man who couldn't understand the
benefits of multiplication to be fair I
understood the benefits of
multiplications I just didn't do the
math so - she asked me why you didn't
understand the benefits of
multiplication I understood the benefits
I just didn't think we would get us
there 30 - I think we can take one out
now exactly one oh no that's right now
dumb dumb so dumb yeah yeah so dumb that
was pretty dumb sorry it's alright
it's paid off already oh yeah
[Music]
have I seen pink flamingos ages ago ages
ago I'm not I'm not a huge John Waters
fan there there's a couple John Waters
movies that I really like including
serial mom love Syria mom I think that's
brilliant but especially his early work
I'm not a I'm not a huge John Waters fan
but I saw ages ago
like everyone everyone who's a film buff
eventually watches pink flamingos and to
see that the lady eat the dog poop no
because the lady's dog poop in a movie
I've heard you know maybe I don't need
to see that Devine is a lady absolutely
your you want to call divine not a lady
that's up to you that's your funeral
we're go see if there's any water I'll
be I'll be right back you go do that
Jack
you go fucking you go right ahead and
fucking do that you mother fucking piece
of shit
I don't like he's battled I don't like
it
we already discussed the solo trailer
cuz it was so proud of my god gotta talk
about know these you the things that
soldier nope I saw it I just don't care
to talk about it
I'm soul winning I'm solo
here's it here's what I'll say about the
Han Solo trailer here's what I'll say
about in in a realm of excitement for
movies I try not to pay too much
attention to the movies that you know
like the Star Wars movies like yeah
maybe I'll say it maybe all right I knew
very little about the Han Solo movie
besides the whole Lord and Miller
kerfuffle
and I'm not super excited to see it
because I don't care about Han Solo's
origin after I saw the trailer I
realized that Emily Clark the lady from
Terminator Genisys and Game of Thrones
is in the Han Solo movie now I care even
less
I think she's terrible I think she's a
very bad actress yeah I just can't I
can't and I don't I can't and I don't
care
and now Emilia Clarke is that what her
name is whatever whatever the fuck her
name is
I think she's bad and I don't like her
in acting things and here she is acting
in things interesting
nope Oh do I have to take one of these
apparently fuck yeah fuck well just take
the cane you can get rid of it
next oh yeah look you're going to a shop
yeah yeah it's waste of money yeah yeah
what head but I want head but yeah well
yeah I know you want a head button now
you need at least a hundred bucks if you
want to get rid of that I know just just
you know saying that out loud
I want head button I hear you that you
want head button I think that's you know
reasonable want
what it what is ahead but enrich the
chat wants to know ahead but does this a
decent amount of damage like mine they
thought what your strength is that yeah
but more importantly it lets you grab a
card out of your discard pile and put it
on the top of your deck which those
cards I'm trying to duplicate it would
let me duplicate them very quickly hmm
han Solo do you see Emily Falcon I think
I think Colin brought up a really good
point Colin from Canada yeah on his
Twitter brought up a really good point
which is it was a side by side picture
of the Falcon that they showed in the
trailer and a picture of the Falcon from
a new hope and it got really dirty in a
very short amount of time like in the
solo trailer it is glistening White's
and in a new haut hope it looks like
someone shat all over the walls always
been a piece of shit good just a ship
this is a piece of shit shit of course
you got a risk at home if you ever
really want to win big Jack alright see
this card spot weakness an enemy intends
to attack gain three strengths mm-hmm
shove that in a deck anymore that that
Limit Break card yeah doubles your
strength use that a few times
save your Limit Break card during a long
battle when you got like fucking eight
strength from that break out the Limit
Break sixteen fucking strength yeah
[Music]
that's nice right I guess stick to the
strap I got a stick let's work over the
cards I got mm-hmm
there's hope we find head button here
yeah dat's funny cards I couldn't
fucking get it not a lot actually not a
lot of good cards here well that's not a
bad card well I'm just saying for your
strats there's not like is there any
like you got to shrug it off which isn't
bad this isn't bad either
Plex isn't bad but shrug it off is gain
eight block and draw card that's a
really good that's a really good safety
card it's very good safety card you get
you get that shield and you have a whole
card drawing strap I'll probably take
that Oh is there a pummel strike -
that's a good one I never had that one
was that there nine damage and draw a
card so he like you know more on the
damage and a thing but horse apiece
that's a good one
I could use more defense in general
yeah that's where we died because I
didn't heal that turn what I should have
you know I really should have but why do
all the cards cost one or two because
you only get three energy yeah this is
all I haven't spent like you say I've
got cards in here that cost zero which
is why I'm I'm looking for things that
expand your hand and then I could just
use a ton of cards at once what's gonna
what's gonna give me the most bang for
my buck here well you know you have you
have that bash which remember makes your
enemy vulnerable which means your next
attack I'm just just reminding you
nothing you have it costs too much
it does it cost way too much Ocelot like
I'm probably well looks I only have two
strikes it's probably better to use bash
right now but I mean like if I had three
strikes I'm all said and done if I'd be
doing me more damage than oh yeah I'm
with you
well I'm done with the enemy losing
strength I think that's permanent -
right mmm I don't know
oh did it exhaust yeah oh yeah then yeah
then it's permanent
let's see what we got here we have a
lumen luminescence 9 says you guys
talked about Reno earlier Reno is rad
it was 65 and sunny today 300 sunny days
per year Tahoe and Burning Man nearby
great hiking and hot springs and slot
machines in our grocery stores ain't
nothing wrong with with Reno the biggest
little city in the world that's fine
anonymous I see your tip right there I
can read it but I appreciate it
thank you do you do you appreciate they
keep giving us money even though I've
repeatedly not read what they wrote so
the this is the yeah we're not reading
that I'm sorry and so like your your
juvenile attempted humorous they failed
shockingly got written that a couple
times and then they reworded it to take
out the specifics and I'm still not
gonna read it it's crazy but you know
thanks for the money really appreciate
okay web rex says hey jack
what is your alcoholic beverage of
choice right now I'm sipping on a
bourbon and coke and I'm feeling pretty
tipsy here's some money for the good
game plan currently I've been I've been
getting really into rye whiskey rye
whiskey which is very tasty and you need
very little of it to have a good time
and so you know a little rye whiskey
over ice I had a party not too long ago
and you know a bunch of people over
brought out all my alcohol you know and
all the mixers and I brought out the rye
whiskey and then I had just you know
regular whiskey like Jack Daniels and
whatnot and I caught someone using my
nice rye whiskey to mix with coke
instead of using the Jack Daniels and it
took every ounce of my strength not to
yell at that person yeah I got you you
don't want to be a bad host and you
don't want to be a jerk because they've
already mixed it right but you know
they're there there's there's nice
whiskey and then there's mixin whiskey
and they used my nice whiskey it with
their coke
but it was it was upsetting very
upsetting very nice so you know just
having some nice whiskey maybe some red
wine at the moment - nothing I mean
right now water and coffee but I've been
I've been pretty basic with my drinks
lately you got it yeah I got it you got
it we got the head but you have 31
health left
Oh oh nice nice you did it what makes
rye whiskey regular from different
whiskey
I don't know dark matter
I don't know it's tastier obviously the
word rye isn't it so we have to assume
that that has something do you know that
does something different oh my god you
are
get mold for slightly less if you defend
yeah or I could knock off half his
health
close to half his health yeah yeah I'm
taking a tack damage game three block
block gain increases as valuable as
figured resets at three at the start of
your turn
alright so you don't want to do a bunch
of little of attacks you want to do one
run you want to do the big attack with
this guy anyway
fucking yep yep that's pretty good he
got you to draw a bunch of cards that
was nice
I was nice
desk raven 88 says sorry for all the bad
jokes i do genuinely genuinely love you
guys keep on truckin in the free world
that's craven we appreciate that even
even with the bad jokes
we appreciate the very nice
thank you thank you
it looks like the characters from this
game are on a stage in a play or some
crap yeah next turn yeah you know we're
totally killing this guy next turn
everything's fine everyone let's see him
oh well great yeah you know it's it's
funny because like the enemy vain' even
stuff like the animations are clearly
not done yet in this game but it doesn't
matter because the core gameplay is
there excuse me yeah you win you win
another bludgeon you have zero cards and
the bludgeoned and that headbutt yeah
way to go it's the way to go
that's great rich now you just got to
hold out this game get a thumbs up yes
yep already working out for me
I guess the Stratus to take the bird out
first right oh I was dumb wow I could
have just killed him flat out with us
that was dumb yep well he still you
still want to kill him always flying so
that wouldn't okay I get him he's gonna
buff flight he takes half damage right
that is true I thought that knocked him
to the ground though like if you do
enough damage isn't that knocking to the
ground I don't know I have to kill him
shortly yeah
yeah
hey I was enough you did it I really
enjoy the Paper Mario games rich if you
played the Paper Mario games a lot of
the only one I've played is Super Paper
Mario and I liked it yeah it's good
this is a little different than the
Paper Mario games obviously the it's a
lot different the the battle style looks
this least at least than the one I play
let me amend that
oh no no they're all they're very
different they're you know paper Mars
are like yeah turn turn based RPG geez
this is you know very very different
yep
it's alright cycling through cycling
through yeah you're doing it I need to
start moving cards so I can get those a
cycle faster absolutely yeah but he's
gonna hit you yeah you don't have any
well I guess I can't use the bludgeon
but I'll survive
yeah that's nasty yeah oh my god rich
you're you're very close to Daddy
really you're very I did not notice
you know what I've not seen any of the
Cloverfield movies have you seen any of
the Cloverfield movies I haven't seen
the original I didn't see 10 Cloverfield
Lane I did not see the new Netflix one I
just don't care although I hear 10
Cloverfield Lane is very good but you
know John Goodman shit shit
you lost yeah wait wait no you have an
explosion you can get them
oh good took a call Jack and Collin
yeah live at 3:00 but 9l9 now and you
don't have anything if you're already
looking at removing cards yeah I'm hurt
to see what they were at the start of
your turn lose 15 block rather than all
about that's a nothing nothing nothing
card yeah we got some health back shop
Oh not enough I don't know for that
because it costs more every time yeah
your five coin away
I do wish and I know this would this
would break you know a lot of the
balance of the game but I wish there was
a way to sell something at the shop just
every once in a while just like two
cents away I know and not you know you
obviously can't sell cards because
getting rid of a card cost something but
even at you know selling a relic or
something
what does drop on curb that doesn't hurt
me yeah ii dreamer TK rich can't get rid
of any cards he can't afford to remove
any cards and he couldn't get the start
wait what
I wonder if it's worth it just to have
some extra defense but it's you know if
you get those zero cards you get block
and do damage which could be good no do
it yeah save your money
save your money or remove your cards at
the next one I want to hear yeah that's
very possible that's very very possible
place one card from your hand on the top
you discard pile just forgetting from
the deck quicker yeah so you can put
strug it off on it
I'll wait there anyway yeah that's up
here drop pile so that means you get
that next next hand okay yeah how many
floors are there in this game currently
there are three there are three floors
or worlds or whatever confusion oh yeah
I'm not bad that's actually really not
bad and you get a free strike I can deal
with this this hand you can do as am
nice that's still zero all right we're
in the makings confusion is a really fun
feeling randomizes the cost of cards
yeah so can either hurt or help yeah
sometimes your free cards now costs
three or four but your three or four
ones can also it cost zero so it's it's
not necessarily a good but sometimes
it's fun oh look at this what zero zero
zero oh that's just a bunch of free
defense right there oh that's that's
that's what I like that's helpful that
kind of sucks my head but is no super
expensive yep
you do that if you do your battle trance
you know oh my god we got your blood Jim
you got at the end of your turn
oh then that's a that's a renewing so
yeah but he's doing enough damage it's
not gonna help me enough the cost is
high enough I'd rather do damage now
yeah yeah I'd rather hit with a
bludgeoned I like it I like it
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
all right where do we got here what are
we gonna what about meadow mama nope
anonymous says if I can plug a thing
anonymous wants to plug a thing Adult
Swim does live stream does a live stream
show on their website from their Atlanta
office every weekday my favorites are
stupid morning bullshit and fish center
they deserve more viewers Adult Swim
does live streams plug away Anonymous is
hijack you've mentioned your affection
for crazy 90s superhero movies the
shadow the Phantom I'd remake the shadow
with keep Peter Capaldi as though I'd
remake the shadow with Peter Capaldi and
the Phantom with Donald Glover
any thoughts dream cast one Donald
Glover is good in anything so I'm okay I
don't actually I don't think he would
make a good phantom the you know I think
when I think of the Phantom I think of
of someone who's very like Errol Flynn's
like big and bombastic and you know like
old-school hero and so I don't think
Donald Glover would be great for that
and I don't know enough about Peter
Capaldi whether or not he'd make a good
shadow I
[Music]
I just don't know his Lando is going to
be very small voiced I don't know what
that means
well she was a card 200 all right
by Clem by Clem over the cheaper ones or
what sir okay can I go back and just see
what are helped us in twelve you have
taught you oh this should hurt yeah yeah
yeah I don't need the thunder bludgeon
to kill her I should probably keep
duplicating my angers absolutely
absolutely
I have not seen Atlanta yet though I
it's on my list of things to see
it's on my list she's got a shitload of
defenses here she does now you gotta use
that punch wait wait wait wait wait what
you get hit for if you have any defense
no no you don't like you're about to get
hit hold on hold on oh wait wait rich
what you have a poison potion yeah what
is it poison her for that poison doesn't
get applied to her shield good call Jack
I'm proud of you jack
I'm proud of you so she's gonna die now
he's proud of me that's all I need I
think I'd like to thank everyone for for
helping me out all right now what can
you do with that motherfucker
cuz he's gonna hit you for 14 nothing
right I could deal then just do a
shitload of damage on him that's I guess
what you have to do there's no way I'm
getting past the boss what are the other
potions strengthened wow that could have
helped energy wait wait with two extra
energy I need to I need to I'm not gonna
kill him it's not worth using well
that's what I'm just doing made in there
seven and 17 I need more than that I get
I get three block Jax
[Laughter]
that's fine this is work it's heavy
yeah I never fucked but kind of totally
just do it all the potions I'd love to
have this stuff in the boss I'm not I'm
not going to now that's sucks
oh shit I'm done yeah showed that if you
did that first you might have been able
to beat him that's fine
oh that was a fine run a fine run I am
slain Jack you are slain you Wayne you
wasn't prepared for this
yeah I didn't like the strategy I was
forced to do early anyway ah let's see
here the rebel base says Jack are you
interested in crossing Souls I like the
game art style a lot but I'm not sold on
the gameplay I have never heard of
crossing souls which have you heard of
crossing solo I'm not I have I honestly
have no idea what crossing souls is
crossing we we caught up on tips oh no
should I go one more round or should we
just end you tell me you have you 9:30
what started at 6:00 I'll go one more
round it's an action-adventure video
game in development by Spain based indie
development studio for attic and
published by devolver I've never heard
of it I've never heard of crossing Souls
before you wrote it here in the tip
rebel base all I can do this connects in
says hey rich and Jack question what are
your what the way what are your thoughts
on making your own food versus buying
pre-made food I'm lazy I usually get
premade yeah yeah that's fair
I I do the I do my I do crazy meal prep
I I have my refrigerator most of the
time is filled with tough water dishes
because mostly I eat the same meal at
every meal every day and so it's just
like eggs spinach and lentil I have six
Tupperware's each with
three hard-boiled eggs some some spinach
and some lentils so I just pop that in a
skillet in the morning and I'm good to
go
I usually make one monster bowl or one
monster pot of chili for a week so I
have a lunch and then I make a bunch of
chicken breasts and broccoli and stuff
so like yeah I make I make all my own
food and then III spend one day cooking
an obscene amount of food and then just
Tupperware Tupperware Tupperware my
refrigerator is all Tupperware and I do
that because I'm I do that because I'm a
cheap bastard and that way I don't have
to buy food
miel preface oh it's great is there's
something insanely satisfying well how'd
you get all your health back Oh a new
game that's right that's right
rich that's a man strats man yeah I just
kicked on the 4th gear used to discard
pushing up my max
XP strength there's something incredibly
satisfying about meal prep time where
you know once you have all of your
Tupperware's with identical meals and
they're all laid out and then you you
just don't have to worry about what
you're eating and and it's great and
it's just great I usually make
significantly more chicken I've been
I've been you know what I've been doing
lately and I know this isn't exciting to
most people it's really exciting to me
I've been experimenting with different
chicken marinades like you know taking a
bunch of chicken breasts and like
putting it in in a marinade overnight
just to do different flavors and lately
I've been having an orange lime marinade
so it's like a bunch of garlic fresh
squeezed orange juice fresh squeezed
lime juice and some cayenne pepper a
little a little bit of cumin stuff like
that
it's been great it goes great with
broccoli and cauliflower
it's been so I've been experimenting
with a lot of different marinades I'm
liking that because the chicken is
usually my least favorite meal of the
day because you know chickens pretty
bland okay so the marinades have been
definitely helping stop this is getting
too exciting I know these are the things
that I get excited about I'm a pretty
boring person
I'm not I'm not super excited about any
of these cards okay what do we got here
we got exhaust one card draw two blood
for blood cost one less so that this
card costs one less energy for each time
you lose HP in combat yeah in order for
this card to be effective that mean that
means I have to be doing bad yes and it
does I mean 16 damage isn't anything to
that's nothing to sneeze at it's nice if
it's free but here's the thing to skip
and you don't need any of them true grit
that card sucks yeah that card super
sucks only 7 block and you exhaust a
rant you just can't use them oh yeah I
agree in your hand for the rest I might
just skip just skip do it alright
let's see here dirt 17 says love rlm and
prereq i recently watched the thing what
oh these are all just separate thoughts
so oh they love our ulema prereq they
recently watched the thing they have no
comment about that they just wanted to
let us know okay is the movie is J&B;
whiskey any good no idea it's not bad
it's not bad it's different those I want
to say is it JB the one that's a little
smoky err maybe I kind of want some
right now but I don't know if it's crap
thanks smell you later well if you have
some then just try a little bit but I'm
not terribly up on J and B whiskey I
want to say that's a juror but that's
not bad but I think palm strike is a
fine card it's it's kind of average
shockwave is how good is weak it means
they do less damage to you how good is
it it's a place 3-week I don't I don't
know I don't know every frame a
reference that means 75% less because if
it's three weak to each and weak a
weakened creature does 25% less than
well no no that that adds one week that
lasts for three rounds oh I believe
but it also adds vulnerable to them
which means they do less damage and take
more damage for three rounds that firfer
to that that's that's a lot of energy
okay
that's a lot of energy my name is Tate
you'd be applying weak to them and you'd
be applying vulnerable to them if they
are weak you do they hurt you more than
you heard them what that's any video
game you have to hurt them more than
they hurt you that's I mean that's how
you win everything's fine
my name is Danny everything's fine
anonymous says so jack when do Canadians
come back around for wrestling gaming
because if rich isn't murdering everyone
in Underpants cape and mask sure I'll
still watch but I'm a tip less
significantly I have no idea when the
Canadians are coming back into town
sorry
so when he were to strike or defend well
you have the shrug it off switch give
you more blocks so get rid of a defense
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
dusk Raven says why was six crying rich
do you remember why six was crying whine
because seven eight that's not it
the joke is why was 6 afraid of 7 yes
right but I guess 6 could also be crying
ok ok because it's a close relative eat
another one sure sure yes it kind of
works I hate these guys
all the little gremlins they're our
dorms they're annoying that's true right
especially cuz he's doing the most
damage true-blue review says last stream
you guys talked about loot boxes being
the latest scourge on gaming yeah I
thought about what would be next early
access where triple-a developers
released their biggest games during
development they can do that that's fine
but also we're already there triple-a no
triple A's is now is now giving like
public beta access why are these things
terrible what is wrong with early access
and beta access just wait if you want to
if you only want to play the finished
game just fucking wait
oh no the reason it's wrong when
triple-a companies do it is because
they're their bilking a system they're
getting free play testing when they
shouldn't you know they could be paying
people to to do their bug error reports
they save money they make money they
make money and save more money if you
don't what if you don't like the idea of
early access game yeah wait just wait
it's true this hurts nobody it hurts
idiots rich we're trying to protect the
image look idiots we're trying to
protect them what look what darwinian
slipped look darwin sort it out
we killed Darwin Darwin's dead
it hit lives matter absolutely well they
don't they're idiots
they're dragging everyone else down yep
nothing we can do about it s in 1984
says hey y'all been waiting and wanting
this for about a year but finally going
to buy a switch with the breath of the
wild with my tax refund to return it's
hard because I'm a huge fan of Zelda
what are you guys using your tax returns
on I pay taxes yeah I'm probably gonna
pay - because we're self-employed yeah
that's that works we end up praying
[Laughter]
that's fair it is it is but it man enjoy
breath of the wild it's great especially
if you're if you're an old-school Zelda
fan you're gonna love it it's a great
time have fun have fun exploring that
world like every once in a while I think
about picking that up again like I maybe
just start over have fun but then I
think I remember the the weapon the
weapons and how much that bothered me
the man what what a great time well you
know if it were a PC game yeah it'd be a
mod there would be among that's true
that's true
pcs better fit what a great game have
fun great time
screw those self-employed bastards
it'll be fine after when you've been
self-employed for long enough you know
how much to put away so you know like
any income I have I keep yeah a section
of it separate waiting for this time
when I have to pay cuz I always have to
pay because obviously I don't pay
anything in the taxes and so I always
have to pay and so you just take a
little bit of all your income and put it
aside and then when it comes to this
time it all works out and theoretically
what your city that's what you're
supposed to do even if you're employed
you can choose if you're employed you
can choose not to pay anything or not to
have them automatically take it out of
your paycheck you could just get your
full paycheck if you wanted but then you
have to put that money aside and
theoretically they say and I've never
been in this situation because it's been
so long since I've been employed that
then if you put that money aside and if
you do it properly you're actually
earning a little bit of interest from
that money and then you pay your taxes
but most people just prefer to like just
take take whatever you need give my
refund most people like the refund right
careful Jack don't incriminate yourself
I'll try not to that theory works better
when banks paid interest right I go
savings account well they they used to
have you know get one of those like you
know money markets and and you're not
making much on interests you're you know
you make it a couple bucks on interest
or whatever depending on how much money
you put away but you know it's better
than nothing better than nothing but
like I said most I think most people
just want it automatically taken out and
then they get they get their tax returns
that's fun too it's like it's like it's
like a present it's like a present that
you paid for
[Laughter]
turbo Jesus I haven't picked up The
Witcher in a while I have not picked up
what does that do again you can't tack
well Lucy a cup defense
Nico : I can rich hope you're both doing
well when I was a kid I thought that
Wario was Mario & Luigi's third evil
brother now who the heck is waluigi is
there any relation what is going on
nobody knows nobody knows waluigi is
because it's completely unimportant to
the people who make these games just as
character
we got an opposite mario absolutely
goat-like Wario is from what it was he a
villain in Super Mario Land they
probably added him into party or one of
the tennis games so so Wario could have
a partner be my guest no I'm saying
Wario Oh Mario was the villain in in the
Game Boy Game Boy Advance won the marine
world two number worlds Mario where they
go Mario Land to that Game Boy Advance
Game Boy Game Boy yeah yeah yeah you say
Game Boy Advance yeah so yeah he was the
villain in Super Mario Land 2 or 1 oh
there Sam - ok - yeah and then like you
said they just needed another bad guy to
fill out the roster so like I make an
opposite Luigi where does he come from
he comes from here he comes from this
game planet risky Jack what are you
doing what are you doing I'm upgrading
instead of resting do it which might be
stupid could be or it could be great
I don't think I ever had as much fun
with a video game as I did with
WarioWare on the Wii when it first came
out
fuck yeah Jack trigger Joyce that was a
great game did you play that no oh man
what a fun game it was you know it was a
bunch of micro games whenever you rest
you may at a car to die that's not bad
that's not bad at all there's a bunch of
micro games like these games lasted five
seconds and you just had to figure out
what you needed to do to win the game it
was Mario where great games
why we're like it was that's almost like
the precursor to to like iPhone games we
know there's just a lot of swiping a lot
of doing random stuff they need a
warrant Nintendo is making a bunch of
mobile games right now they need oh they
need to bring Wario to the mobile phone
arena you're gone if you have never
played a mario game where should I start
Mario World maybe three three or world
world
I think world I mean you know really
pretty graphics good game Super Mario
World for this mess that's the one
that's one
that's the obvious answer Super Mario
World then then go to Super Mario 3 then
the world's your oyster man not quite
enough to kill them
oh there's enough to kill him right I
thought I was gonna be one short you did
a quick math was off jack sometimes that
happens I should be ashamed you should
be you should be whose 4hp
gained two energy draw three cards you
don't need to you don't need to pick
guys that's great that's great let's see
here tenor Tenten says I was introduced
to red letter media at twitchcon this
past year oh my god we skipped the
twitch party because we were too busy
watching best of the worst I mean that's
the right call you made the right call
thanks for everything no problem much
intent glad you enjoyed things we've
done look at that demon form huh you
can't oh wow that's really nice and with
all of your with all of your shield too
you could make the battles last one I
wish I could go back in time that's all
right damn it there's no there's no
going back in time there isn't no I'd
love to but no that's fine
you doing great what are you gonna do
the boss fight get another relic
question mark or regular fight what are
you gonna do it what do you want another
fight my house not the best ok that's
fair so generally speaking for those in
the chat if you do a regular enemy fight
you get a card at the end and some gold
maybe a potion if you do an in Leeds
fight you can get another relic and you
know maybe some gold maybe a potion or
you do the question mark and it's a
question mark it could be anything it
could be a regular fight it could be an
elite fight it could be an FTL like a
little story mission where you have to
make a choice it could be a shop you
don't know
nice choice nice choice excellent choice
you did it you did it yeah take a little
bit of damage that sucks
same night says it can't be an elite
fight you sure about that question mark
what can't the question mark oh I don't
know I always just assumed it could be
anything it's magic oh-ho-ho it's magic
you know did this is a real game right
it says maybe this is a fun game well
wait wait you'll see you'll understand
when it gets to the rest of it MIDI a1
says this is a real game right like you
pay for it once and it doesn't have a it
doesn't have a pay to win or freemium
premium model right this is not a
collectible card game it's a deck
building game you just pay for the once
and you get like the whole game I know
it's crazy I think my grandpa used to
play games like that I heard about that
and he said you'd buy a game once and
then just play it and I said but what
about what about the monthly
subscription fee and he said we didn't
have those
now we're good we're good we're in the
clear this enemy is fucked
that tiny gremlin with like the half of
a sign that he's hitting you with is
fucked I don't need that I mean fucking
need that no no you don't fucking did it
oh oh we got the makings okay we have
the ingredients for a good base which is
working on on super strength on a super
strength run well hey who he put it
deal six damage to all enemies not bad
not I can't afford anyway right no and
the only good for thunderclap and that's
why way to work right there's never
really a bad card is its draw one card
place the card from your hand on top of
your draw pile I mean as if as long as
you know that there's a card in your
hand that you can deal with you know I'm
parting with right oh wait wait wait
wait weed I don't have anything to lose
HP for card
Oh Lucy I didn't read that I just
thought losing no no no insane that
would be great that would be great
Oh my name is Tate it costs zero energy
to play there there was a gold cost to
buy it from the shop yeah talking about
rich only has 52 gold at the moment and
some of them are more expensive nice
rich what I did the the menu didn't come
up because I'd only use one card
previously I use my head bud so I'm
getting the thing that increases my
strength again next turn yeah very nice
I'm getting confused by which is
deck-building and mine yeah
he's doing well is all you need to know
oh my god yes he's about to murder some
fuckers yes I am
now you want to kill one of them man I
know I know it's just a shame it's very
it's a shame so what it is that's gonna
save you seven damage and you got a boss
encounter coming up sooner or later
eleven block verses and it's better
still there to kill one
there's no logs Amazon
don't forget my portion yeah I
frequently forget about the potions it's
not it's not good mm-hmm Oh what do you
have what do you have potion wise sorry
so God artifacts to dexterity that's
helpful 12 block so 12 block gives him
12 field that's that's really easy the
dexterity potion actually multiplies his
shield and so if you add to dexterity
than any shield you add gets a little
buff an artifact is a is a way to
prevent being buffed by enemies or not
buffed nerfed by enemies so if you have
an artifact and an enemy tries to poison
you the artifact cancels out the
poisoning or if the enemy tries to
weaken you something like that but it
only works for one status effect
[Music]
ya know you got the makings I think you
can make it you have 54 health you can
make it no it's got serious fucking
business yeah yeah I'm at fear we talked
about that and neither of us really care
they still asking about that fucking
thing well I think they just came in
they just came in like hey you guys tell
me yeah I don't care about it at all
yeah we don't really care
maybe I add weight at a oh that's great
oh right we're gonna really we're gonna
come
wait wait wait he's gonna hit you for 30
I got it I got it I got it
okay next time add your dexterity first
oh yeah yeah after you ever go on top of
never mind never more you have to have
the bonus dexterity before East button
I'm going to no shit loads of damage
shortly that's great that's great all
you have to do is survive because then
at the end of the boss battle you get
all your help so you just you you just
gotta barely make it and you're doing it
you're doing great right great
doing great
Oh dexterity does not affect potion
shield oh there we go
No thank you same thing when I wished
that no no because if you give yourself
any other defense from a card than your
find your dexterity stays throughout the
whole branch so like instead of gaining
11 black bear you just gained 13 which
is very nice we're gonna do this yeah oh
yeah you got that it's totally gonna do
this you got this you have 15 plus
attack I know that's amazing look at
that oh yeah you're gonna murder this
thing you're gonna murder this thing
[Music]
yeah if you do get a couple more like if
you get a couple more shield II things
to make sure you survive all your
encounters and build up this strength
you got the makings of a decent deck
here
people
good call oh I had that one and I won't
am I gonna try to do dynasty Warriors is
coming out in five days did you know
about the release I did not have any
we're curious they apparently revised
the strategic aspect of the combo system
making a little less button mashie as
you know I'm a big fan of the whole
dynasty Warriors games I'll check it out
I didn't even know they were working on
a new one I know they're releasing the
next time I mean like could you just
make it look a little difficult oh my
god
that I know I know
that could be monstrous you know +15
yeah it could be monstrous I know they
are releasing the hyrule warrior
Ultimate Edition for the switch and I
haven't I haven't picked up Hyrule
warriors for anything else I've gotten
that a couple times that ectoplasm and
overall think about doing it it's you
know it's very nice to have that extra
energy well there's this I don't have
much in my hand that gives me more cards
right now that's true that's true so
that'll give it instead of being able to
spend three energy you'll be able to
spend four energy but you won't be able
to play six more than six cards and what
if you get that card that repeats right
upon picking up shoes and transform
three cards then upgrade them early on
I'd love that I've got I've got I've got
the bedrock of something right now and
random cards might just might throw it
off I can transform some of those you
know weak-ass ones but I'm I could just
shit that's just completely useless
dammit right right with your build it's
one of these two
yeah I'll go with that do it more iron
that's fair
ectoplasm it would that was really tough
not being able to go to shops and get
rid of cards or spend stuff on shops Sam
ectoplasmic was tough once I got once I
got cards I like I don't think the shops
gonna be much of a factor for me yeah
that's true
yeah yeah doctor chug but mud yeah I
played a little bit of yeah doctor chug
but mine of course I played a little bit
of Gwent in Witcher 3 because I think
you have to there's like one mission
where they teach you how to play Gwent
and then you can play it anywhere and I
did not get it or care for it so
but I know Gwent is all is all the rage
now and there's the even a standalone
Gwent oh rich rich don't murder them
[Music]
still is still five still blocking five
think of the long game alright alright
oh now murder them all 18 that's exactly
what I need No
21:20 damage it might be fun yeah yeah
yeah nice can I run away I don't believe
I can no no I don't believe you have the
option to run away nice nice the thieves
that he was just fighting the thieves
and they actually can run away and they
steal some of your gold yeah I missed
most of the stream says dr. truck but
mud did you talk about Black Lightning
really enjoying it I haven't talked
about it yet I've also been really
enjoying it we're finally I think we're
finally getting we're like three
episodes in now and kind of the thesis
statement of the show is finally
clarifying for me and I'm digging it and
I'm digging it so it's a little cheesy
I'd love to see a little more action
which is not you know I know it's a
cheap TV show but I want I want a little
more punch in there's not enough I'm not
punching for me but
what does Palma strike two again it's
all my sex life sex I am
oh okay
oh yeah I got a little more fuckin yeah
you'll be fine
probably one shot or next turn
morph yeah we need more fisticuffs we
need to look at oh my god that shit here
oh my God look at that shit hand rich
yep there you go oh and that's on top
now
oh god you can do all that damage yep
this fucking dazed killed me yeah but
you're killing her now so yeah what do
you think of altered carbon altered
carbon is overall pretty mediocre I'm
gonna compare it to the worst version of
Blade Runner the version with the
voiceover oh god they suck and I thought
it started off really mediocre and ended
just kind of all right oh he picked up
another strike yeah
so I it's fine it's a fine show like if
you're if you're hurting for some for
some cyberpunk it has some really neat
ideas to it altered carbon I there's a
couple characters I really enjoyed and a
fully nude fight scene now a fight scene
with someone who is fully nude which is
you know that's ballsy
not literally ballsy because it was a
female who was fully nude during the
fight scene but there's some really neat
stuff too altered carbon but overall I
think it's it's mediocre I think we got
fucked
I like these cards - I don't want the
stand now but there's not there's not
much I can do about it right oh yeah no
you you got it I'm just trying to figure
out how you can how you can work it to
to kill them and you can't
I think Jack didn't like that game he
was talking about on Twitter I think
that to this game and I like it a lot I
talked about this game on Twitter slay
this fire which I called my jam and that
it was rockin my sock ins and here it is
being my jam and rocker Matt take out
the lady you got to take out the lady
first because she's just gonna keep
healing them
fucking car the cards rich the cards oh
we're fucked
oh you mean Dano Dender the other game
yeah it was alright that wasn't a very
good stream game while I enjoyed it it
didn't translate well to entertaining
you all in the chat so we switched over
to slay the spire yeah dead yeah it's
super dead oh oh no you killed her okay
great
then done den den Daria that's the name
of the game Dan Dario we played that for
a couple hours and I really liked it I
thought it was a really chill game until
we got to the mega m.bison boss fight
which nearly broke me and now we're
playing this now I'm fucked 41 you're
totally fucked 59 you can only yeah yeah
you're totally fucked at best
41 plus what's it what's a regular
strike do 15 yeah yeah one fact you're
fucked
that's not gonna help you yeah no I mean
just drink it because it's your last
drink you're about to die this one goes
out to my homies pour a little on the
concrete first
yeah the headbutt doesn't put a card
into here you get it the next term yeah
it puts it on the top of your draw pile
yeah so unfortunately I was loving those
cards to this fact you had it you had a
really good start of a fun run there
yeah well true-blue review says do you
see the names of the anonymous tip purse
or they anonymous to you I don't see
them here in the stream tip alerter but
if I check my email I get an email for
every tip I know I can find their email
address or their name yeah rich got
overconfident no your guy had good cards
I had a good strategy that was working
for me until it wasn't
yeah yeah sometimes it's just the luck a
look at the cards well there's the end
of the stream that's fine we've been
going for four so we're doing good I
read the fucking names now it will the
stream will not end in a in a bang but a
whimper oh yeah I got really unlucky
with some monsters who were just doing
comical amounts of damage
comical absolutely absolutely
oh you're the mouse okay so now is the
point in the stream in which we thank
all the people who have subscribed to us
during this very stream much like scorn
12:10 who says woohoo ten months of
enjoying wasting time with you hacks and
we all know time enjoyed wasting isn't
time wasted you did the math larry
kenobi 1-1 3-8 for 28 fucking months in
a row says a little late on this one but
changed the title thank you for
reminding us
zoink over 16 months in a row who says
are you guys going to play injustice
now that TMNT are on it yeah it's cute
but yeah yeah basically I'm not a
fighting game person I'm just I am no
good at fighting games yeah I don't know
whatever reason and they can this is
something actually I talked about before
when I was talking about the the Smash
Brothers clones yeah where sometimes a
good fighting game is really just about
the fanservice having the thing you
already know fight the other thing so
injustice could be really fun I've read
about the stories of the game yeah
actually really good stories oh yeah so
alternate universe Superman Lois Lane
murdered by the Joker Superman kind of
becomes a fascist sure he starts
murdering people he doesn't like ends up
becoming you know the supreme ruler of
the world and Batman is leading the
rebellion against him okay
sorry why is it actually it's kind of
neat so maybe are you saying maybe we're
gonna have to pick this up and if you
want to I'm fine with it if you want
okay let's see here also jack which
Lucroy flavors do you like and other
stuff you eat for dying well I we talked
a lot about my meal prep
Lucroy there's a lot of great barriers
I've been enjoying the lime flavor
lately but also any of their tall skinny
cans are the fancy flavors those any one
of them is good libraries Kurt for 29
fuckin months of the Roses oh yeah Larry
Kenobi well I have 29 months so there
take that Larry Kenobi hmm
Todd nope hard core who says it's Snoke
a rich maybe you should buy one of those
Elon Musk flamethrowers to help with
your snow problem it's completely lost
on anybody who wasn't here at the start
of a story it's true I'm coming
nice no and how much she doesn't like it
gutter stars
4:26 fucking once in a row typed out a
little smiley face thing nasty mitten
Sony Leone retro Walker says nothing XIV
daemon eggy dirt gently are for 16
months a neurosis why do I think you
guys are my friends it's like you don't
even know I exist and you never call
anymore keep it up guys I appreciate all
the content I really do flip Master Yoda
says to expect the unexpected
burn of the hammer steer oi Jenkins
stereo Jenkins stereo oh wait there's no
e yeah for the e Ulster Roy Jenkins
Steve Roy I got a Roy
but Steve Roy that's what I said I said
see Roy Jenkins I thought I looked at it
for a second I thought of a stereo
because that makes sense that was your
first matter first mistake
yes dream sign for twenty four fucking
months in a row Boudreaux Umberto
Cabbage Patch for 37 motherfucking
months in a row Cloverfield paradox was
kind of lame but I really like Fred
Armisen is comedy for drummers special
very niche comedy good on Netflix so I
like forever so yeah
Yolo contendere who says how about that
ninety million dollar Tesla commercial
yesterday oh are you kidding that's all
anyone who's gonna talk about for the
next year is that red convertible in
space they've bought like they got their
missile tests and all the advertising
they ever need yeah yeah great great
idea and a fucking convertible is gonna
be in the asteroid belt I just I just
want to be there when the aliens find
that
go what the enterprise would run across
that you know I'd right just be like
captain my scanners are picking up a
20-18 red convertible
what there appears to be a man inside
you know you haven't seen it right he
put a little mannequin Abraham Lincoln
is driving you put a little mannequin oh
he put and it's like I don't wearing a
spacesuit everything looks very it's
adorable where are we now we are at brim
axion who says this is my third month
subscribing but I ruined my in a row
streak after the first one so fuck it
I've been watching for years we'll
probably give it a few more we
appreciate anything that you can give
thank you
he looks risen nonsense in a bag
Colorado Wars
[Applause]
thank you for producing an enjoyable
stream for what I'm not doing anything
else on a Sunday or Wednesday I can't
wait to see rich Evans experience nope
Shem you know II we we three later this
year you don't think you're gonna
experience do I want to do that Shenmue
is arguably the game that invented
QuickTime that's why I hate it lady
Denning for twenty six fucking months in
a row
midnight hero for 27 fucking months in a
row
Doug Phillipe gobbledygook for 42
motherfucking months in a row yeah so I
finally hit 42 now what was the question
again
hello what was the question again
reference it took me a little me a
second it took me a second speed
speaking of I I believe the the little
display panel on the Tesla in outer
space has a don't panic
on it okay speaking of referencing that
it just took me a while just took me a
little second the blue prism who says oh
yeah I fesus says Jack
you mentioned pour over coffee make you
a hipster what's your beef with good
coffee preparation nothing I that's the
kind of coffee I make for myself
every single day I love it I'm a coffee
snob I'm a horrible I'm a dickhead
coffee snob and I'm okay with it and I
love pour over coffee it makes a really
smooth flavorful cup of coffee but I'm
also keenly aware that that makes me a
dirty dirty hipster I'm just comfortable
with that because I get delicious coffee
okay Joe kitty
0:01 who says um I can't think of any
pre recommends
lol fuck my Cook removes celtic what
else oh that's fine the classics
crocodile brain the hits together do the
hits six what various errors says hi
guys bran flakes four five four seven
this idk twitch punk who says it is too
early does it is it too early to start
bidding on riches remains yes please at
least wait till I'm dead
yeah yeah oz Mike for 37 motherfucking
months in a row who says hey guys this
is going to be my last month as absoluta
hey guys this is going to be my last
month as a subscriber unfortunately I am
back in college and have massive
healthcare costs on the horizon
understand understandable so I have to
drop the sob
thanks to the great times catch your
streams when I can Cheers
good luck guys Mike thank you for your
patronage throughout the years no fear
no
Vee I was hoping that's the nice little
bite I was so hoping you would walk over
there to look no I saw your banner which
finally organized our poppers I've had
them in like the paper bag that I've
bought them in for the past you know
whatever year where was it we were at No
oh we got sky I think it was no fear no
Envy
for 36 motherfucking months in a row
it's all ready for you to like wander
over there where are things we really
and you being off-camera and I didn't
sit in here the smirk on my face next
time you got a high tum them cuz they're
there right on top of that table no that
was right on top of the table confetti
working I should be working
I believe the confetti gif is up on an
xsplit holding there we go
there's a confetti working never that's
working for the Y oh god oh it's not
working for thee Oh when we were uh we
were on the elgato earlier oh well oh no
fear no Envy 36 motherfucker Monsun ro
who says I'm running this monkey farm
now Frankenstein and I want to know what
the fuck you're doing with my time I
only know that from the clips I've seen
on our programs I still have not seen
Landon
yeah mine was a day day of the dead I
said nothing the day of the dead what he
died everyone keeps saying it's quality
one of these days I think it's got the
best individual zombie in the series and
it's on the screen for a very short
amount of time but it has it has no jaw
oh yeah yeah that's always nice JRR
Lovecraft for thirteen months in a row
says looks like it's my lucky month
beginning to end
zoom Bobby says hey guys hope you're
both well we are thank you
the ultimate jar lazy olie Wilkins the
clown for 36 motherfucking months in a
row Miller for 30 fucking months a
neurosis of a dirty 30 tricks dreams
getting me inexplicably frisky from here
on out damn beacon bear board bomber the
last hummus surfaced Romo says thanks
for another month of entertainment if
you didn't know at the end of the month
FTL creators are releasing into the
breach could make for a good stream if
you're interested absolutely check it
out so much FTL time I feel I do feel
obligated to play their new game yeah
absolutely
you see rich is fidgeting rich is always
fidgeting
that's something something I do about
rich we have to finish these fidgets
spinners are the best fucking thing we
have to like the best duck tape his
hands to the couch during best of the
worst screaming's just streaming's just
so he won't yeah of all the fucking time
with the spinners all the fucking time
where are we Wow
rahu kim Modesto well well while Ruki me
does - I think yeah yeah yeah
captain swc 14 months rebel base for 16
months in a row who says the Han Solo
trailer but seriously thanks for all the
content han Solo he's gonna be Lando do
you seat you back out do you want me
that's what they want they just want to
see Chewbacca
watch it when we see a nun best of the
worst that's a penny for 16 months in a
row soare hain 21 carries RL sky scrap
stir oh nice Chris Gaines 2004 17 months
in a row
Ali Raza for twenty four fucking months
in a row says wow that went by fast
thanks for all the great memories
hey Jay pimps all this is gotta agree
with the earlier guy that losing the
subscriber streak sucks
here's to like 30-something months not
computers we can't keep track of these
things
mister I'm sorry lion slippers savvy
bones who says police are looking for
Elon Musk's wife they were fighting for
for a few weeks ago about him working so
much she said it felt like he was a
million miles away and that's why she
cheated on him I get it the implication
that she's and she's the one I call he
found a bit hey what a great way to get
rid of a body
by the way that's the perfect crime like
you're not gonna go out there and check
know if you're really sadistic they're
still alive when you launch the thing in
the spacesuit duct tape yeah yeah I have
to assume though like one he would do
like that like you said he would do
something out of spite worth he would
keep them alive as much as possible
right I would have to assume that Elon
has enough money just to dispose of a
body on earth you probably would but
better get rid of him space they're
never gonna find him just never ever go
I can't she's watching oh I can't hi
Karen
I assumed by the way like when you said
hi Karen I assume what you yeah the
obvious assumption I love you I love you
oh you don't have to make it weird for
all of us ha ha ha ha ha ha I'll do what
I want that's true let's see here
Angela's vow and my name is tape 432
fucking months in a row
my name is Tate says boobs boobs boobs