Episode 954
Dead Rising 2, 2nd No Death/Perfect attempt (pt 1)
February 11, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e-OT_JZ5s1Q
___________________________________________

[A] I don't know I don't know man
how's everyone doing how's how's
everybody doing today I'm tired I'm
doing this anyway what I'm tired I was
originally my original plan was to do
this at about 12:30 meeting more risk
than realistically one today but nature
decided to dump a fuckload of snow on my
head last night so uh yeah it sucked
sorry new game
what's wrong with the camp Oh
yeah there we go there's a cam random
random red stream oh I can't wait Clyde
perk up fuckin fuckin snow it won't stop
it won't stop sighs snowed what five
times this week snow day today it's I'm
gonna be focused on the game because I'm
I'm trying to do this absolutely
perfectly like I want to get Katy I
definitely intend to get like if I fail
to get the best ending if I fail a main
story quests I'm gonna consider this
done so that's that's first priority and
to all the main story shit second
priority save all of the people all of
the people that I can save there's some
you can third I don't I don't I don't I
don't know about this one though
complete all of the like survivor
request like after you save somebody
evil they'll come to you later
I need this to that and then you got to
go get them Lister that
the fuck Stuart I was kind of a freak
thing last time Stuart dying all right
nobody's gonna care or remember this
last last my last no death run attempt
Stuart one of the survivors died and I
claimed that I put a little stay here
marker down on the ground so he would
stay in a safe spot while I went to get
him a health item instead he followed me
I went back I looked at the footage and
I do look down at the ground because I
remember doing it I looked down to the
ground and I hit the button to put the
stay there marker down but just I think
coincidentally at the same time I hit
that button a different character joined
join my little group join my party and
that message popped up and I think that
cancelled out my little my little stay
there marker as I see where I look down
I remember doing it I wasn't an idiot
like Stuart Stuart slow inhale stay here
where it's safe Stuart I remember going
to do that
[Applause]
how's the volume on everything is the
volume on everything good is that rising
to about family very much so actually
voice volume good what about what about
game volume I kind of want the game
volume to be well I'm a little bit mom
what am i not love a game volume to be a
bit higher because it's so low stream we
don't always talk about much would you
ever tried Dead Rising 3 on here
yeah maybe I tried Dead Rising 3 and I
got about halfway through it and I just
don't care to finish it feels nothing
like a dead rising Dave the people who
made Dead Rising 3 obviously hated Dead
Rising 1 & 2 and they just started
throwing out things I liked about the
first two
right time to almost literally mow down
zombies screw you Leon
[Applause]
you see me play this before you know
what's going on I'm getting points for
killing the zombies with the balloons
attached to them it's not really
competitive in this little early
single-player sequence but originally
this is a whole multiplayer component of
the game but I don't think anybody plays
this anymore online multiplayer and I
never really did anyway because I'm not
a multiplayer game like I played dead
rising for the single-player experience
so I don't I don't think you can enjoy
any of the multiplayer games anymore
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
that rising three just became a bit too
simple for me Dead Rising 3 they thought
the focus of the series was killing
zombies like obviously you kill a lot of
zombies but they focused on the
shallowest thing
goofy weapons got the weapons just kill
zombies forever that's nice for time
waster in these games it's fun but
there's so much more to Dead Rising 1 &
2
[Applause]
[Music]
Capcom laid off about 50 people from the
studio responsible for Dead Rising 2 3 &
4
well yeah there Capcom's probably done
with them now since dead rising 4 tanked
that's that's not shocking at all you
you can expect to hear about them
closing soon after well they'll probably
have them make like some kind of cheap
game like Mega Man Kinect though they'll
shit out something stupid and that won't
sell well either and that'll be the last
thing they do and they will be quietly
closed down
Capcom Vancouver
they actually rained in the scope for
the next Dead Rising game what are you
talking about and what do you mean by
rained in the scope there was some kind
of leak though the there was a kid there
was some gonna leak for what they were
going to do with Dead Rising 5 it
actually all sounds very promising but
here's the thing the league was an
anonymous source on 4chan it means that
that's that's nothing you can't you
can't say well they're doing it they're
definitely doing it it's that's some
sketchy evidence to go on it could be a
legit leak or it could be just some
asshole
how did I die the first time umm I
fucked up on slappy slappy kicked my ass
and he really shouldn't I expect to
dominate slappy this time absolutely
dominate
God Chuck you you you move so slow
compared to level 50 Frank West and Dead
Rising 1 I talked to all the people I
mean I don't really need to talk to
these people this is doing nothing for
me to have this conversation with this
this attractive yet evil woman but in
the racing jacket hurts your eyes well
get used to it I'm not putting on a
silly outfit
goodnight
this game is way easier than the first
but I feel like it's more polished
gameplay-wise
[Music]
was a lot of Polish in the first game
Dead Rising one has so many details not
saying - doesn't - they they did improve
the path finding of the survivors but
it's like the zombies almost never grab
them and it doesn't it doesn't feel like
they have personalities at least not the
way they behave in game Dead Rising one
you would get you against survivors who
were terrified and because they were
terrified they were much harder to
escort
and I want to note that the reason I
don't mind the difficult survivor
escorts in Dead Rising 1 is because
unlike a lot of escort missions in video
games the Dead Rising at least no one
and two well the ones that still had
escort missions they were 100% optional
and you did not get a game over if the
person you're escorting got away
sure waste of my time and I do it any
differently like normally in a game when
you're escorting somebody and they die
and you get a game over that sucks
but Dead Rising 1 they just die and you
keep playing
I have not beat the third-level
in slave the spire I haven't gotten past
the second is this for real
like for real for real no you're
daydreaming Dead Rising rewarded you for
a successful escort most games punishing
for an unsuccessful escort that is very
true that is that is very that is an
excellent way to put that now who said
that who said that who said that
yonder yonder yonder Your Honor that is
fine point
now check out the server
which is pleased with you younger
younger yeah that you under you under
put it very they phrase it perfectly
that's exactly that's exactly what Dead
Rising one did and to but just to a
lesser degree because I know I know
Stuart died last time I tried playing
this was a flu for the most part the
escorts in this are all easier
these are zombies these are infected
look if if you don't bleed to death
after your arm got ripped off because
your heart's not beating and you're not
even really bleeding yeah you're zombie
I don't care if you became a zombie
because of an infection or not but these
are zombies
it's my foot twitching because I'm on
too much I think my foot is twitching
because it's related to my constant need
to fidget and I can
I can't fidget right now so my foots
fidgeting this is what I think is going
on
thought they were mutant wasps that's
what causes the the zombie-ism you
become a zombie because of a parasitic
wasp yes though the third game still
thinks there's a virus I third games
just so dumb
by the way how fucking ridiculous is
case West case west for anybody does
know is the DLC that followed up Dead
Rising 2 and I've never played it for
when it came out on the the xbox360
and I had Dead Rising 2 on the
PlayStation 3 because by that point I
had realized the xbox360 Hardware was
utter garbage and case West the big
gimmick was we're bringing back Frank
West but you can't play as some single
player yeah you can only play as Frank
West co-op and that that killed it for
me right there because I had no
interesting co-op
I had five red rings of death no shit
you are right about the 360 I had three
or maybe it was four and when I had
repaired and then a red ringed again I
no luck with the fucking 360 hardware
and the other reason I kept one you know
I had to have a working one just for
Dead Rising really Dead Rising and the
xbox 360 version of Ninja Gaiden 2 which
had the blood which is what you want out
of Ninja Gaiden 2
just take care of your 360 you moron oh
fuck off now that the hardware was bad
you could take care of a 360 and would
still fuck out you'd still tell you to
fire God it's still red ring it wasn't a
matter of taking care of it it was in a
well ventilated area I bought like a fan
to put underneath it No
Krauss platformers ran on three spinner
on 360 and ps3 usually yeah unless the
360 was red ringed it wasn't working
it was it was better to get the
cross-platform games on the ps3
but should you ever play state of decay
yes I have I liked it though I have
something's missing state of decay feels
like I or yes state of decay
feels like a prototype for a game that
they that they that they intend to flesh
out more but what's there is good
rikta every time I stream this game I
get 50 comments about Dead Rising 2
off-the-record which I'm familiar with I
it's okay I'll say this once I'm gonna
say this is the stream so I don't know
get a hack bot ready for it or something
Dead Rising 2 off the record is fine
it's the beginning of the degradation of
Frank West character though that's when
Capcom thought the character was just
some kind of meme spouting joke so it's
it's nice to get JT rotolo back to voice
Frank West but the character is turning
into a self parody by the time you get
to off-the-record but otherwise it's
fine
what's going on
all right for the for anybody who asked
in the future about Dead Rising off the
record I'm gonna pretend I've never
heard of it okay I'm just gonna I'm just
gonna completely lie and say what what
is that never heard of it in fact I'm
gonna pretend they're making it up just
for fun
trying to roll those seven for the bonus
points
on the one there we go
those up modding modding Frank West's
into dead rising 2 off the record yo
there is four dead rising off the record
there's a mod actually heaven that
imports the Dead Rising 1 Frank West
character model into Dead Rising 2 off
the record that's gonna need how long is
this run take typically a while more
than four a lot more than four probably
looking in look if I don't fuck
something up I'm looking at 10 hours or
more
it's my opinion on time gated games like
Dead Rising I love this series so
obviously I have no issue with it
one hell will sit through I better order
more food well say if I die look this is
a no death run if I die or fuck up the
main story I'm gonna put that on me too
I need I need to finish the main story
then I'm then I'm just done
then it streams over is this the pc
version yes so I am getting what I
assumed was a much better framerate I
know I played I haven't played the the
console version of Dead Rising 2 in a
real long time but I played a few months
ago really couple months Dead Rising 2
case 0 on stream and that was the only
place that's available is on the 360 and
it stood out to me how choppy that is
nice tramp Denise you're getting it
you're gonna crowbar stop take this take
a crowbar alright let's go let's go
Denise you got this
I got orange juice
do a few bad apples make the rlm fanbase
look bad that's that's every fanbase
isn't it oh I don't have a jump kick yet
all right well if you watched my other
attempt at this you know you know where
I'm going and what I'm doing right now
Denise can you just can you just go go
to the places I need you to go there you
go
I may need to pick up another weapon
pickaxe out and doing a pit pinch
wiill cherry I probably could have
grabbed a wheelchair for you can put the
survivor in a wheelchair and then you
can both move faster that way
it's nothing really good if you only got
like one survivor with you maybe I'll
try that with the niece next time live
in Chicago burbs and was repeating your
snow rent in my head the whole time I
was digging myself out of my ting myself
out of my ting myself out of my ting
myself

[B] 

[C] 

[D] 

[E] 

[F] 

[G] 

[H] 
