Episode 963
Dead... Tired of this series (Part 2)
February 22, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qlepOcM35WI
___________________________________________

sure sure
let's see the doctor lube it up says
speaking of diets I'm now hovering
between 90 and 92 kilo grams which is a
198 202 pounds and I'm back on my
original belt lock from over a decade
ago fizzy water has been a big help in
kicking the soft drink and booze
absolutely man you get it's a nice
calorie free fizzy water sparkling water
just really scratches that carbonation
ish yeah so does a killer
so does an absolute killer here worse
arguably a lot of sugar do they like
just don't drink Lacroix it tastes like
asshole juice there's some fine flavors
but then I've been hearing talk of even
better stuff using better stuff out
there it's called Schweppes get my hands
on some of that
maybe these zombie zombies they still
have their machine guns in their hands
that's great
none of them are shooting it right now
we're just a shame yeah yeah they'll
just stand there and the gun will be
just going off and gonna be gone wild so
won't you it's a cute touch yeah it's
great that's really funny
where's the other mouse the other ma'am
it's in your lap whoa
let's see here the the cringe inator
says hey rich yeah you are put in charge
of a Dead Rising film you're put in
charge okay and and you really want all
the money they're gonna give that's your
motivation they're gonna give you lots
of money
but the higher-ups demanded be based on
2 over 1 to differentiate from Dawn of
the Dead who would you see cast and
which Psychopaths do you put in you get
any dumb hunk of flesh to be Chuck green
sure all right you know what no I might
I might change his character bed any
dumb before I get what's the face we're
just talking about hopper from stranger
things okay
all right he's your dad who wants to
rescue his childhood he doesn't have to
be a motocross guy I can change things
yeah yes I'm in fucking charge
absolutely he's the guy that cares about
his daughter oh by the way love it yeah
I'm in yeah I mean now whoa now give me
give me some we need at least three
Psychopaths what one one is our action
opener that he's got a fight you need
action opener you you keep Liam because
you introduced him early okay he's in
there you keep slappy because that's
just a good visual yeah
then you need you know plot wise you
need Sullivan and TK okay okay so if I
if you didn't limit me to a number of
Psychopaths if I had four this is the
form yeah yeah no I think that's fair
well and you know slappy could make a
nice second act turn the lowest point
because you know like maybe maybe he
finds his daughter and and he has to
like kill slappy in front of his
daughter and he has to make that choice
no the action opening it's Leon
because you you open it like the game
did where you're in the zombie arena you
do that and you also get an action scene
but before the actual plot starts
absolutely yeah what you need you need
that hook right set up the world you
know like take that action beat to set
up the world set up your characters he's
doing it for his daughter just like the
game did watch my daughter for me while
I get in there you do the dumb action
thing absolutely hopper would be great
give the character a little life we
thought we already know he can handle my
kids are in trouble like that's the
thing he's known for is caring about the
kids
slappy would be a would be a great mid
movie iconic yeah death yeah sequence
yeah yeah yeah that'd be great
rides itself folks riches in charge
Oh
anybody in here that writes itself it
really does it's it's it's great easy
peasy Jim Carrey is slappy no you get I
hate describing him this way the fat one
from 21 Jump Street Jonah Hill Jonah
Hill you get Jonah Hill slappy I don't
think he's that fat anymore I think he
lost much weight
okay that's fine yeah Jonah Hill is
flappy yes no Adam well we're talking
about Dead Rising 2
that's mine you took all this from these
people do you have to seize the
opportunity the free market
what
Jesus Christ so who you fighting here
you got to find the one who's the real
one and not the hallucination right
what urgent I'm playing Dead Rising 2
where do I find the underwear for the
slave to fashion sidequest put your
guide arrow on the mission slave to
fashion the guide arrow will take you
right to a pair of underwear you can use
there you go
this is creepy yeah like it
he gets himself in to destroy his organ
donor organs that he's been collecting
and that's how you find the real one
so there are other people besides that
girl or I'll dismiss other people's
besides they can actually die yeah
oh I got lucky I got real lucky yeah
yeah I like this fight this is
interesting
a little creep factor this is what this
is what would be in your sequel to Dead
Rising this is this would be a nice
little sequence yeah in Dead Rising 2
which takes you know cues from Dead
Rising 3 after after yours the smash
success of Dead Rising 1 which take its
food from Dead Rising 2 why doesn't he
kill you while you pass out because game
oh Jesus cries that's horrifying yeah
that's great that's great I love that
well you saved the Biddy so that's good
yeah
hey Biddy she's the only one you can
recruit I guess I don't even close for
that is an actual recruitment it's not
an escort though you can even have
people tag along mm-hmm
you don't need to bring them anywhere
let's tag along until they die or go
away on their own
[Laughter]
let's be the other supply let's burn
that shit up
Oh acid jar oh you just recruited her
and now you're burning the shit out of
her
yeah she'll be fine take a gun oh oh
she's she's Russian yeah I keep this
very nice they give everyone voices
which is nice yeah
whoa settle down
doo doo doo doo doo
all right what do we got here
our femenino 12 says ever rot watch
robot co-op on YouTube seems right up
your guys is alley very funny
I love the stream robot co-op no I have
no idea what you're talking about
sorry I'd apologize but I'm not sorry I
mean it seems to be something that's
important to them and I don't want to
make it seem like I'm dismissing you or
the things you like I just have not
heard of this thing there's a lot of
media to consume there's left
in the world and we just can't possibly
watch it all Joe Kinney 0:01 says hey
guys what do you think of the upcoming
twitch Terms of Service I don't know
what they are I think I've heard that
they are changing things up I know they
are they are pushing right now in beta
some more some more video producer
centric updates which I'm very excited
about and anyone who's overly worried
about you know YouTube monopolizing the
video streaming world should be excited
about because it's twitch kind of saying
hey we're doing our own thing for video
producers
they can ban you for things you say off
twitch sure they've become horrible yeah
hello YouTube
how you doing YouTube hey you got a
stream and you got a streaming youtube
thing hey is that a ship over there
let's just hop on over to that one right
oh yeah
valuable time but I could be wasting
elsewhere
I'd be fine I'm sure it'll be fine rich
richer and richer I have done anything
right that has you know garnered any
sort of controversial attention I've
never grabbed them by the pussy nope
no I'm really you know worked out well
for him so that's not even though that's
not your fine anymore right even even if
a tape comes out of you saying that heck
that's a that's a promotion nowadays so
you know I think we're gonna be fine
we're not generally controversial
figures so I'm not necessarily worried
but I understand why they're doing this
they have their own brand to protect
so it probably won't affect us and if it
does hello YouTube
yeah yeah basically it's just that easy
just that easy
and beef geckos and banned on Twitch in
three it's possible it's very possible
which will still see you next we'll see
you know see a Wednesday yeah that's the
thing we can pivot we can pivot and
that's you know it's an important thing
to remember is that it's something you
know we talked about you know whatever
when everyone and you almost made it
back up you almost it's it's something
very similar that we talked about during
like when everyone complains about the
YouTube Mountains which is like can you
get on this you get on that alright good
nice you have to understand that when
your entire life is centered around a
product or a service that you don't have
any control over we need to make sure
that you are ready to pivot at any
moment and YouTube could shut down
tomorrow twitch you know Jeff Bezos
could be like ah we're making more money
selling ham and delivering it to people
shut that twitch thing down and boom
it's gone and we don't have necessarily
any control over that so you need to be
agile what I built that up two things
in second that's amazing it is amazing
it's downright unbelievable
that's semi that's ridiculous just
ruined my immersion into this game
ham shipping is a lucrative market I
know yeah I know it is
I get the DS in mechanic but come on it
says Dukey sandwich yeah ah that game
shrugs that's it it was just very silly
to see in real-time there
and I think you know dr. smoke trees I
think you're you're correct when you say
no reasonable person has anything to
worry about
I think any anyone who's really worried
about this is the type of person who
wants that controversy in order to get
views and might be pushing the envelope
which things about hate speech not bad
words the problem is one of you need
that you really define what you mean you
can stretch hate speech to mean just
something somebody said that you don't
agree with you can you can you can make
that stretch if you really wanted to and
I don't like I don't like vagaries I
think that's a that's a bit of a stretch
like hate speech is different than just
saying something mean though you know
they're not cracking down on people who
are just really
you now have a fire sword all right I'm
okay okay and I get in the car get in
the get in the car
thank you look Musti go which one is
that way I've got a fairly decent
survivor out of it we're gonna do it
I think I'm good on time sure
sure went
to make a joke
yeah oh by the way yeah do you have to
make the job
there's some good conversation happen
I'm just gonna let that be no I actually
do there's nice back and forth and I
like it you guys just keep going you
guys just keep anonymous says just
finished Star Trek Voyager that finale
what a fucking garbage fire yeah yeah
that's yeah
trying to ape all good things but we
don't see them getting to earth that
being said for all its annoyances
Neelix had a nice goodbye yeah but like
three episodes earlier they couldn't
afford the make up to the final four
yeah and that was it that was a dumpster
that was it that wasn't even a dumpster
on fire that was that was a dumpster
like filled with sludge it was awful
that that boy had your finale I mean
stupid yeah I was about to say
I could use the extra firepower for the
main mission but it's fine not any real
danger in this game okay I haven't I
know you're playing on nightmare
difficulty but I don't know if I've ever
seen drop like more than one health bar
happened I haven't had any scary moments
though sure really
get your butt over here maybe you could
help her and a flare gun and a handgun
okay that makes me this thing what that
makes perfect sense that makes
absolutely perfect sense right
[Applause]
yep there she is totally normally
dressed person who was on TV earlier
dressed like that I know I know oh Jesus
yeah so they're not even they're not
even like beings they're not even trying
to pretend they're being subtle anymore
like I said it's like she's Michael Bay
Michael babe you made a Dead Rising game
a little too late there buddy
this is horrible
yeah this is horrible yeah
don't walk right in front of a bullet
I think someone's about to shoot me wake
up wake up look sit here um
reishi V receive buns says rewatching
huh receive ins says rewatching the best
of the worst a thunderpants episode and
you say it doesn't deserve to be on the
show are there any other films that you
felt were too well made to be considered
extra so bad as funny perhaps extra yeah
extra was definitely up there
where it was just a little too good
obviously it was a b-movie you know like
it was a cheap movie but it was just too
good I don't know if there have been any
other ones that we just you know liked
so much as movies
Oh Anna Anna J would probably consider
robot Jack's to be up there as a to good
movie I thought it fit in rather nicely
to who it's the best of the worst but no
you're hunter from the future definitely
should be on best of the wars that
perfect b-movie schlock
[Applause]
chopping balls perfect
thunderpants I still have yet to see
Thunder pants I need to get a copy of
that so my boys can want to do with my
underpants yeah
fart movie with fart movie I still have
not seen it they need to steal the copy
from here I should do that before I
leave
steal Thunder crash OH - the boys write
a direction it's not like there's be any
evidence if you haven't done this No
so hey don't chat don't tell anyone I'm
gonna take the copy of thunder pants
from the studio
Schieffer goodnight
oh I think seemed like I was taking a
while yeah maybe we crashed now don't
tell micro J I'm gonna take a copy of
Thunder pants home and watch it and then
I'm gonna return it and pretend like I
never took it not like it matters
because I take movies from here all the
time and then return nightmare this is
nightmare difficulty up cute
she never stops being a horrible
character she never stops her dying her
dying breath she is she is reinforcing
her horrible character decisions yeah
yeah that was cute you know the boobs is
like a as a an air bag yeah that's fine
that's you know that's all within the
realm of schlock but her her orgasm
one-liner as she dies that's that was a
little too much just a little just it
was just like that was just the ride in
a long line of what was acceptable
[Laughter]
zombies around Trevor Trevor no fuckers
yeah
let's Trevor ever done for me
nothing I tell you will he do anything
for you no I'm fucking
have I heard about cyberpunk 2077 did
they put all your creds next game set in
punk rock knight City I've heard of it
in name only I haven't seen any any art
or any development from it but after my
enjoyment of Witcher 3 I'm looking
forward to it those people get trapped
in here what you're trying I'm trying to
get the car out of this area there's a
roadblock ahead of me
oh that's gonna
but I've heard the name and I know
they're working on another big I'm
curious about it a big title yeah seems
neat if we can get a Witcher but set in
a cyberpunk setting that could be super
cool
just like invested or swear all
wondering when the rape starts in Dead
Rising 3 you missed it it happened like
two hours ago that was one of the first
boss battles was a biker gang took our
lady friend
oh you're assuming that's the only oh is
there more
[Music]
there's like 8 rapes in this really
Michael Bay
that's very Michael Wow shunk on wait
when they're wrong what they're men
nevermind nevermind nevermind
everything's fine everything's fine
nevermind everything's fine everything's
fine should have done something else
first but I'm already here now and we're
good everything's fine
nevermind everything's fine we took care
of that thing
West world's rich have you seen any
Westworld not super fucking good man no
no you're not happy about that everyone
there's there's a lot of things I'm not
happy about that you have not seen
that's one of them that's I mean it's
good that's super one of them that's not
super one of them Oh West world
no no West woods very good and I think
you should see it because it's very good
yeah I'm super upset that you haven't
seen a rival yeah I know that that one I
think you should see cuz I think you
would enjoy it not because not because
like it's it's like it's an experience
than every movie goer but I just like I
think you would like I think you should
watch the expanse the TV show because I
think you would enjoy you know those are
ones where it's like that's super
must-see West world is just a very good
show
soapbox or I think you're absolutely
wrong I think could be the end of
arrival once once everything starts
coming together it's just just absolute
perfection
it's a nice really out there sci-fi
concept that they absolutely rifles one
of those sci-fi concepts that's actually
hard you know like hard to wrap your
head around purposely because they're
weirdo sci-fi how do I think of Dark
Knight Jack the Nolan movie or the book
the Nolan movie is very good it's a very
good Batman movie mostly because it's
the only Batman movie where Batman kind
of acts like Batman and does detective
work in the movie and and obviously the
Joker is fantastic and it seems like it
actually has it seems like a Batman
movie with a with an actual thesis
statement like it has something it wants
to say about Batman as a character and
so it's nice it's a good movie I really
like the dark name Batman is the
flattest character in The Dark Knight
yes and I'm okay with that and I'm
absolutely okay with that that has been
the worst character in every Batman
movie every single one this is not news
well you know it sometimes in hero
movies you're not necessarily looking
for the hero to be the greatest
character sometimes their steadfast
admits in the face of adversity is what
you know defines their character Batman
yeah absolutely absolutely everyone
likes him
is there anything Batman is bad at
now he's the best technology he's a
super kung fu karate he climbs all the
walls he drives the coolest cars and he
builds the cool cars that it drives you
fuckers Batman you know the one thing
Batman is bad at all the huh
I can't take credit for this because
that's a teacher
Batman's bad at having parents
I try to find it I got try fine
who said that
that was a Modest glottis who said
Batman is bad at having parents that's a
great joke I'm glad that you're making
efforts to give proper credit
we're just do high praise no this is an
important thing I think that's an
important thing I absolutely agree
sorry it took me so long modest glottis
the the chat Scrolls very fast I'm gonna
leave Troy behind yeah I mean yeah yeah
I got a virus
hey wait hahahaha are you coming back
for them no I'm not oh wait am I gotta
go that way anyway I might know not what
he already I got a message you went to
the safe zone oh wow
well I get you saved him so that's yeah
yeah that's great
oh yeah and chat we've talked about that
a few times Batman could could easily
with the amount of money that he
supposedly has in this cannon or that
cannon Batman could easily do more stop
crime as a philanthropist than by
punching Bank robbed it's not a well man
no no he just likes punching people and
this is what gives him a excuse to punch
people
Batman is equal to at least three Elon
Musk's yes yep all right
Elon Musk is getting there though like
he now Elon Musk now has his own rockets
he has his own cool badass cars
he's building a tunneling system right
should men be that rich was it his
father just a fucking doctor was he I
don't know oh you know it's it's one of
those rules it's like it's like Superman
with his stupid-ass powers right yeah
it's just one of those escalation things
where he like oh he was this rich but
now he's got to be this right - now he's
equation over time yeah of course and
now he's a gazillionaire and he has all
the money all the time
no but Elon Musk
so Elon Musk has cool cars that he
builds yeah he has a rocket that can
take him into outer space he's digging a
giant tunnel where he could easily build
a Batcave into like Elon Musk is working
to be Batman you guys don't like how
dark and realistic DC movie looks
contradict this somewhere oh because we
don't like the dark and realistic we
can't also enjoy the dark night current
DC is just like howdy for one for what
here's the difference cut this cut does
some important things absolutely the
dark and gritty thing yeah it's far more
appropriate for Batman than it is
Superman boom which is largely what we
were bitching about absolutely with the
Justice League and the Man of Steel
that's the first point
that's the second point I would argue
that you're Zack Snyder style is far
more stylized Ultra D saturated gritty
miserable whereas in the Dark Knight
Nolan was going more for just something
that was actually realistic tangible
tangible yes yeah
the dark night well I like is only dark
because it is more a more realistic take
on it I do think that that led to
Snyder's awful version of dark and
realistic it's like it's like you take
Nolan and you crank it up to 11 right
that's what Schneider is you add the
unrealistic to the realistic frame yeah
it's terrible it's absolutely terrible
dark night was dark Oh
darkest let the dark is never better
I'll do it with Superman that'll make
Superman popular yeah we'll make it even
darker will make Superman even job
that's gonna be so dark
oh and also like even though I think the
Dark Knight is a very good movie that
doesn't mean I don't have my problems
with it - two-face being in there was a
little unnecessary he it's still
Christian Bale doing his awful Batman
voice which is the worst it's just the
worst it's the worst there are there are
legitimate problems with it just wasn't
broken on the edges okay it's still with
me
Maggie Gyllenhaal absolutely Maggie
Gyllenhaal is either going for something
or phoning it in I think in general
she's a really good actress Maggie
Gyllenhaal and she is not bringing her
a-game to that character but also that
character has nothing the character of
Rachel like define what her goals in the
movie are love interests love it right
she is a nothing character she's
absolutely goddamn nothing Rachel
hazel we still have to do Batman the
Animated Series
Nolan eyes we so need to sit down and do
that oh we know what we found the
episode right heart of ice was it no not
heart of ice it was the uh-oh what did
we find we found it we found the
appropriate episode yeah okay okay just
enough along with the the the priest and
the brother or the precepts atop stir
yeah yeah that's perfect that's a
perfect
[Laughter]
[Laughter]
in Batman Begins bales voices more for
whisper than a growl no I think it's
actually I think it might be worse and
begins because then the most attractive
way job you need to be safe it is
marvelous but but I think it was
why-why-why Jack did anybody and any
point in the production I think that
that voice was a good idea oh how did
that happen because Christian Bale is an
arty farty fuck and so is Christopher
Nolan right and so bale and Nolan we're
talking about like the character of
Batman and Christian Bale was able to
convince Nolan that this was a good idea
he's charismatic dude right and I
already party fucking he's like I'm
trying to you know like Batman is is
like the demon of Bruce Wayne don't you
understand
Batman is the reality of Bruce Wayne
he's the Beast and I'm trying to bring
out that beast and no one was like I
love it it's amazing Christian Batman is
what was left after the mugging that
that's what Batman is Batman is is is
the feral the guttural interpretation of
Bruce Wayne and that's what I'm trying
to bring this is me pretending to be
fish your bet and no it's like I love it
might I think it's beautiful let's have
some tea and biscuits and we'll make it
a Batman Kevin Kevin Conroy was smart
enough to realize that Batman was the
real voice Batman was the sincere voice
yes with with
kevin conroy is also a brilliant voice
actor who was able to do two voices that
were the same man that sounded
completely different without resorting
to growling that like like if you watch
the animated series Batman and Bruce are
so different but they come from the same
management beautiful the Dark Knight is
a great movie yeah it's a great movie to
Kreitman but it's a great movie despite
Christian Bale
despite Christian bells best efforts to
take that movie and throw the fucking
dumpster it's a really good movie I like
the dark night lion darden that Dark
Knight is a very good movie but yeah
it's got its plus it's the Heath Ledger
show Jack Jack dress I agree Heath
Ledger elevates it absolutely
rich did you ever get the kills 72,000
zombies achievement and dead rising soon
that question 8,000 times I don't know
why you care so much
it's weird thing to keep asking me if I
don't know no I usually don't care about
achievements okay there girl and that
seems like really tedious to get hmm so
I have never gotten that one
I miss fun Superman me too killer P that
that that uh the wonderful DC Animated
universe of the 90s that's that's my
Batman that's my Superman those are the
versions of those characters I love
Clark Kent who still had both of his
parents and was just a good guy all the
time
trying to trying to be there to help
everyone he could that was the best
Superman
where's the other guy what's whatever
guys that sucks
did you ever die I'm just lost
[Music]
shut up hole Michael Bay made a Dead
Rising game yeah I mean that is the most
accurate statement you have ever said
tonight and it keeps getting more
accurate as the game goes on you haven't
seen the heavy I know it's shocking you
haven't seen the half of it it's
shocking it's shocking how shocking this
is Oh be draw I don't mind you asking me
about it I just I just never bothered
getting the achievement so are you gonna
untie the hole or what you got a kill
big deal then we rescue candy yeah
that's the smart choice
Big D might have been more help more
help of fighting the zombies but you
can't just leave a late tied up like
that you got to respect your hoes
labeled Big D's gonna well interesting
dude bros before hoes man that ain't how
it works dog sometimes bros her assholes
yeah absolutely
the bros hos debate is a situational for
a situational per row hit a vanam the
camera turned around it's almost made me
literally throw up yeah yeah this gave
us a pretty terrible camera shakey
realistic oh mama vomit-inducing yeah
yeah
no you know I saw enough of someone as
suggesting we watched the batman harley
quinn movie and i saw enough of that to
say no and a little about this other
than its hated yeah why well tell me
tell me what's going on the the little
bit i saw of it is uh the the movie
starts with harley working in a
superhero themed strip club okay and so
it's just gratuitous fanservice Wow i
know and i saw that i was like you know
i just i just don't want to feel that
sleazy today where it comes disappearing
from atari these guns her i had two of
them and it just vanished one him no
reason i don't know why when he took Big
D's gun did you lose one another gun
yeah but it's just oh maybe I left
behind ass fine you know I got shit to
do yeah I can't go back for one gun
I hate Harlequin as a character harley
doesn't really have a character you know
that's fair she was fine as the Joker
sidekick yep yep I like her shtick the
smart doctor lady event you know
eventually corrupted by the Joker that's
a fun shtick I'd say there's there's a
way that could be done very well I maybe
I would just argue that they haven't
necessarily done it super well seems
like these days she's just super slut
yeah she's just she's just boobs on
parade yeah and that's not what her
thing is get in the car
I'm on it get up Anna thank you
our Harley is at her best when she's
playing Felmy and Louise with poison eye
I could see that being a lot of fun
and whenever she has to have a little
getaway from mr. J cuz he ain't treating
her quite right yeah she goes with
poison ivy has a little fun yeah
Oh pastor just found this car that's it
just found this car I gotta go only
do you sandwich that might be its own
ongoing comic series Harley and poison
I would only imagine that that would be
a very successful series the poison ivy
and Harley Quinn team of the book yeah
that would be the most bought thing ever
so take a look at your store I bet it
exists
stay near me we're almost at the place
I swear there was an issue where they
started in a hot tub yeah no I'm sure
it's an ongoing series and they try to
I'm sure it started as just like lesbian
innuendo and now I'm sure they're
full-blown like just in a relationship
is the deal that poison ivy likes her
like that and and hardly doesn't get it
I think that was the definition yeah
or Harley swung both ways perhaps it's
funnier she just doesn't keep clue in on
that oh yeah that's where you get it
comedy yeah agreed but you can't that
can't last forever
it's called Gotham City siren someone
who hasn't been blocked by Jack let him
know you ain't blocked
oh my god little maid the scam was it
was it Michael Bay good Michael Bay
maybe I know the only thing that the
only thing that doesn't jive well with
Michael Bay in this game is he usually
has a military fetish the military's the
good guys in there the day yeah yeah all
the best
everything all the time in the video
you're right about that that's the only
thing that doesn't drive everything else
is oh my god her power she pukes on you
No
[Music]
it's not like I dislike it it's you know
it is horrifying and wonderful in that
horrifying way this is crazy fat Ethel
right here
we loved crazy fat Ethel right right but
uh you know killing somebody with a
spark that's a joke of course yeah it's
great it's great
yeah
[Applause]
[Music]
and everyone trips on our puke and you
defeated her by shoving hotdogs down her
throat oh god oh god it's getting worse
[Music]
if it ends on a pull my finger okay
[Music]
oh fuck that was genuinely disturbing
genuinely disturbing that was great that
was just great tone-deaf is all hell but
beautiful oh my god keep it classy
Capcom absence it's too late for that
yeah oh that one right out the window at
this point they got to edge lord it up
and just try to go as as tasteless as
possible
how's injustice - looking now jack oh no
it's fine he's fine it's fun you know
fun to see the weirdness got it gotta
see the weird show I thought it was
gonna end with a poem my finger and then
she exploded because of a big farty fart
but it ended in her needing to you know
purge and you know choking on her own
vomit it's great I might I might start
ignoring all side missions that aren't
related to a boss at this point yeah
yeah well I want to try and speed
through the rest of this I think I'm
about halfway through and I've been I've
been doing a lot of the side missions
how long
that way how are we up timing my my
keyboard doesn't work on this stupid
thing little over three hours okay okay
well you can go whenever I'll probably I
might do stay late if I think I'm gonna
be close
oh okay I don't know I don't know I
think it's constantly trying to explode
something that's not exploding did it it
purged it
well Syd will see where I'm at it at the
time you feel like ending it oh sure
sure oh yeah if you think you can finish
it why not then you'll have the whole
series finished right yes the whole
series there's only three dinner prizes
that's true I don't think I've ever seen
Jack so horrified I liked it you know it
was that was a beautiful horrifying
tasteless and tone-deaf but beautiful
yep yeah the fat lady who wants to
protect her buffet no matter what I'm
halfway through oh that's great so three
hours in halfway through which gives
this game of pass look I'm not saying I
love this right I don't think this is
any this doesn't even come close to
touching Dead Rising 2 which I don't
think is as good as dead Rising 1
seems kind of dumb compared to the first
two oh my god so much dumber now it's a
Michael Bay movie now in a Michael Bay
movie the the military need to be the
good guys they need to be the heroes the
big heroes that that use their awesome
big guns to save the day all their tanks
and their fucking guns oh the military
guns fuck yeah
the military has to be the good guys
yeah all the time Michael Bay loves the
military
shoot all the missiles keep mission I'm
not gonna do it anything you want to and
you know if you want like this guy who's
keeping a zombie family in an empty pool
oh and he wants to feed them well you
know like if you if we want to go normal
times today and you finish it on
Wednesday we might we might do that we
might do that if you like this we'll see
how far I mad
it's got farm at by the time it's it's
time to call it how do you think Denny's
given the new I don't know how to
pronounce his last name will tackle Doon
masterfully he said he's a great
director I love all of his movies he's
the guy that did a rifle and he did the
new played Runner and he did Sicario and
he is he's a great director so he will
handle Doon masterfully cuz that's how
he handles all of his fucking movies
we are know who we are no rules that I
present
I didn't see prisoners
you think if we cure michael bay's
obvious erectile dysfunction he'd start
making classy art films no I think he
tried to make a classy art film with
pain and game yep yep that was his that
was his attempt version as an art film
and by the way not the worst thing in
the world you know like it's very
Michael babe but that was his attempt at
at making an art film I think if we
cured his erectile dysfunction he might
just go back to making good old action
schlock he used to make good action SH
why
giant robots make the money I know and
they let him play with bigger toys man
the rock bad boys 1 & 2 brilliant movies
the rock Dwayne Johnson from painting
games also brilliant then I go that far
jack well it's ice I'll use brilliant
very loosely with panel game you know I
think it's exactly the movie he wanted
to make in the statement he wanted to
make his attempt at making the wolf of
Wall Street
yes yeah by the way watch those two
movies back to back I kind of did watch
them at around the same time oh yeah
yeah oh it's yeah quite back-to-back but
like the same week I think I just saw
the bulb it's it's a great insight into
what Michael Bay thinks of himself as a
film editor that's why I call it
brilliant yes Goliath oh seven Goliath
oh seven says pain and gain was so
annoying in its trivialization of true
events welcome to Michael Bay you know
the best part pain and game wasn't when
they stopped to explain the joke
remember in that movie when they would
keep stopping to explain the joke like
in text on the screen this is a real
thing that happened to real people isn't
that funny right
because because that butt is so the
other reason that you know like I will
say that it's brilliant is it's a
perfect insight into what Michael Bay
thinks of his audience Michael Bay
absolutely believes that his audience is
so dumb they won't even get the movie
that he's making
and so he stops his movie to make his
own case instead of just building that
into the movie he's so worried that his
idiot audience won't get it
that he needs to shove more explanation
and it's it's like I said it's it's a
great insight into Michael Bay as a
director
it's why every one of his Transformers
movies he's dumber than though than the
one before it he thinks his audience is
a bunch of idiots oh listen the rock bad
boys bad boys - I will defend those
movies until the day I die as a
wonderful action schlock wonderful
action schlock you're asking about that
rape all that rape I don't know did we
get there
[Music]
me not looking at anything years maybe a
little
oh Jesus oh you will be you start being
a little bit more obedient if you don't
listen
how is this getting more Michael Bay
[Music]
this is a never-ending peak this is
amazing and it's like it's handled in
such a like horrifying manner you can't
even call it like Fonda schlock because
it's just so horrifying it's raising the
bar on babe
[Applause]
so you actually have to do a pole dance
you don't have to it's a good way to get
easy damage on them but if you do a pole
dance
he prematurely uses his his flamethrower
so you can get a couple hits on them
that's great
my oh my we get we get every good we get
the gentle we get the Jim we get it we
get Joe Connelly that was your testicles
it's at level 50 it's hard not to get at
level 50 in this game I found the
exploit on my own by accident my first
three hours playing this game did did
that say what I think it said what is it
untie who Julia your name chat did you
read that who that said to untie I want
I want to what you think it said and
never mind you know what never mind you
know
untie survivor okay that's what it said
yes okay that's not what I thought it
said do I want to know um I I don't want
to know you might not want to know but
I'm gonna say it anyway
no you know what no let's let's not say
what I thought it was I I just don't
want that audio clip of me floating
around there okay
we're just we're just gonna okay we're
just gonna leave it that's an untie
survivor thought it said a different
multisyllabic word Multi Slavic word
yeah so a little polish
ah goddamn jack is lame jack knows that
you people like to take the things we
say and mash them into other things that
are out of our control so I'm being very
careful about what I say live Jack is
wise in that regard tonight
sometimes I'm not so wise but tonight I
added tonight for a reason I made a
mature choice yes
I don't yeah that you guys are just
talking talking about the new twitch
Terms of Service like that I want to say
anything
[Laughter]
did you do let's see here nope we did
that one pop excuse me pop pan says hey
you frauds rich I stayed awake until 6
a.m. in my timezone to watch the full
dead rising to run thanks for that
you're welcome good luck perfect 100%
complete no death run amazing of both
Dead Rising 1 and Dead Rising 2 yep lie
yeah it's great I don't know that I care
enough about this game to try and do a
perfect run I don't know that that will
ever happen here's but I don't mind
streaming a playthrough I just can't
imagine that that would be much of a
challenge if you put a nightmare mode
where the time is short it might be a
challenge
saving everyone doing a perfect no doubt
yeah yeah I mean so far you're on a
nightmare and it looks like you're not
breaking a sweat
no I'm not
yeah I'm at level 50 but you get the
level 50 so easy it's hard not to be at
150 right right
anonymous says why has there been no
review of the first Christopher Reeve
Superman movie or the whole series no I
don't have a specially strong thigh look
you know I like those movies but I don't
have especially strong thoughts about
them yeah that's not really you know me
I love superhero movies that's not
necessarily my wheelhouse
I like the the awkward ears of the
superhero genre the the superhero movies
of the 90s that's that's my wheelhouse
no hate for the Christopher Reeves one
of course I think I said I thought
you're gonna say Dead Rising I was gonna
say no the first ones available on PC
now but Red Dead Redemption yeah well
might I recommend if you need to play
Red Dead Redemption buying a PlayStation
3 which is considerably more stable
yeah with a new one I may be there if
the new one does well maybe they'll get
a nice HD remaster of the original put
it on PC is the new one coming to PC is
that gonna be a PlayStation 4 exclusive
or you don't know I don't probably
console
get over to the
yes I'm sure they hate their fans that
essentially want them to shoot the ship
for money but what makes you think we
hate our fans no no it's something we
did I'm sure somebody took something I
said - seriously absolutely no I hate
everyone it's because I know I've said
that but I think it's obvious I'm being
hyperbolic it's it's no it's because you
called the PlayStation 3 more stable
than the oh you think that's yeah but it
might be that might be in and that that
xboxone fanboy right there's like you
finally crossed the line you finally did
it
you've said a lot of fucked up shit I
think people don't care that much what
am I saying of course there are course
there are for the record the Xbox 360 is
a steaming pile of horseshit
pets who hasn't find games but you know
I had some more stability issues
all right anomalous says do you think
the higher-ups at DC stopped taking
their meds the ones that make them not
make terrible movies we've had one not
terrible life and it was merely okay so
no I don't think they've stopped because
justice lee was a pile of horseshit that
came out afterwards right though did you
hear the the latest got the latest
Snyder related gossip no I know you
don't necessarily care yeah the the
latest Snyder related gossip is someone
who apparently was like reporting on the
whole situation of him stepping down
from Justice League is now saying like
now that enough time has passed everyone
was being really sensitive because of
course you know his daughter Zack
Snyder's daughter just committed suicide
and he was taking some time off from the
movie the killing the president no oh
shit yeah okay the President of the
United States gotcha yeah that's her
anyway Zack Snyder so so everyone was
being very sensitive to the Zack Snyder
situation and so they everyone who was
just reporting him stepping down as a
this is Excise choice and he's leaving
he's spending time with his family when
in actuality he was straight-up fire oh
oh my god I would have predicted that
way back when this all went down you
probably did there's probably a
recording but now now there is someone
officially reporting which is
interesting because it signals that it
relates to someone talking about DC you
know and their ability to make a good
movie and it's signals that they were
ready to course-correct that long ago
yeah and you know just deems Justice
League is it too little too late oh yeah
well we're Justice League absolutely
though that's like Zack Snyder has
damaged their brand possibly on revenue
coming in a decade oh yeah like he has
tarnished the DC Cinematic Universe
brand for at least a couple years some
has its fans it still has its fans
so does anime porn that doesn't mean
it's the majority
oh and I've offended people who are fans
of anime the point is they DC is ready
to course-correct
but Zack Snyder has done a ton of damage
to their brain and it'll be interesting
how the it'll from a from someone who's
you know into the moviemaking business
what will be interesting is to see how
they dig up from the situation Zack
Snyder has put them yeah
give me leave that bastard lonely caused
us trouble I can't do that
that was very very noble choice he made
you save the guy who's about to turn in
the lady he like very Superman of them
yeah in it okay so yeah we're gonna see
we're gonna see in the next couple of
years here how DC intends to dig up from
the hole that Snyder has put them in
obviously they got wonder women to
wonder one was a good movie
very popular movie they got Wonder Woman
to and they got the original team coming
back for that so now you know what else
can they do
like Superman is tarnished joss whedon
tried the best he could to polish that
turd in Justice League and it just did
not work it did not work it did not play
so they need to they need to recast they
need new movies they need to prove to
the audience that they are ready to make
a difference
have your flashpoint movie fix your
universe keep Wonder Woman because
continuity whatever like oh this Wonder
Woman is the same I guess but everything
else is different
you do a flash card right yeah flash
doesn't go back in time further than
World War 1 that movie still happened
there you go
boom Wonder Woman still cannon boom boom
I like it rich
you're welcome WB rich just fixed it for
you
no Joss Joss Whedon did not make it
worse Joss Whedon turned what there's
too little too late yeah well the the
reports from this person who's you know
talking about the the Zack Snyder
situation is saying he is heard from
multiple sources that the Snyder cut of
the movie goes on watchable okay
and he said multiple sources use the
exact same adjectives like unwatchable
like these are separate people like
that's amazing that's great and so what
what Josh Wheaton did was he turned a
possibly interesting bad movie into a
wholly mediocre movie yeah yeah which
like that's a pretty good that's pretty
good effort it means we don't get
something that's interesting we just get
mediocre Snyder
well Snyder cut at this point would just
be interesting yeah just just
historically curiosity more than a big P
butter oh as a fan of bad movies I think
I would prefer the Snyder cut just
because I'm sure it would give us more
to make fun of sure it would
well I've already said this that I think
there are some critics who have been
able to build a career off of dissecting
Batman vs Superman because it's just
that bad
and unfortunately Justice League is just
mediocre but it could have been it could
have been utterly garbage
all right you know working car need a
working automotive to choose oh wait
why did they trust their franchise to
Zack Snyder of all people he he
successfully remade a franchise movie
that made them a lot of money and he has
a really good agent and word around the
rumor mill is that Zack Snyder's agent
is really good friends with the head of
WB it's weird and so you know he had he
had a he had some success after the Dawn
of the Dead remake
the watchman
adaptation oh come on you just got that
did middling financially but even but
you know critics hated it and so they
made him fire his DP and gave him give
him fuck ease gave gave him the keys to
the shit man
hey fucking Superman huh isn't his agent
Deborah Snyder no she's the producer
she's his wife and producer
oh I did forget 300 yeah 300 was was a
big success 300 was a big success and
stylish and an amazing so he had a
couple of you had a couple hits under
his belts man you know the watchman yeah
it was kind of a man but I think they
were able to blame that on his DP even
fucking Superman
we know
300 was to Schneider what sixth sense
was to Shamu odd people do people give
enough credit to Sin City when talking
about 300 that came out right on the
tail of Sin City in Sin City he was
really big wasn't it this another he's
the other Frank Miller movie
there we go it's 300 Frank really did
that like Sin City which one came out
first Sin City really yeah I think 300
was you know I'm just in production
before that was in production for a
while that wasn't made because of Sin
City right but the timing was right and
Sin City was big and 300 came out yeah
you're right you're right
Sin City was 205 300 was 206 so he also
owes a large part of his success to
Frank Miller in Sin City 2 2 the
momentum the momentum of Sin City yes
generated by a significantly better
movie yeah you know what that is that is
damn insightful they're rich oh Jesus
that's a cool looking monster a little
bit on the goofy side but I'm ok with
that is a big B man he's a fee Zambia
scream
yeah he's all goopy that's great
what about since so what rich is what
rich is saying is since City was a was a
stylish popular good well made movie
Robert Rodriguez made by Robert Miller
written by Frank Miller directed by
Robert Rodriguez he had co-directing
credit you know I'm sure he will have
you seen Sin City
have you read the comic books yeah have
you seen Sin City yes
it's like a panel for panel recreation I
can understand giving Frank mater Miller
some amount of directorial credit sure I
could see it
it's slavishly devoted to the comic
books yeah but directing is a lot more
than that sure I understand yeah I
understand which is why Frank Miller's
directorial debut film all right
but yeah so but Rich's point is that Sin
City was really popular and generated a
lot of buzz for the stylistic r-rating
r-rated comic book adaptation of Frank
Miller's okay specifically Frank
Miller's 300 based off of came out right
when Sin City was red hot was red hot
another Frank Miller pop property
r-rated comic book adaptation yeah I go
oh I could absolutely see that I think
that's a great point
I still I'll defend 300 I think 300 is
great action schlock as I'm defending
action schlock today I will absolutely
defend 300 stylish
pretty to look at decent action beats
that was before the the whole the whole
speed up slow down action sequence was
all played out that was all fresh I
haven't stated forget nightmare mode
doesn't autosave plane I'm playing a
little bit dangerous here yeah it
wouldn't be me dying but if this car
blows up I'm assuming that's as good as
a game over this is a plot car oh sure
this is a plot car this right here is a
plot car that's exactly what it is check
I see it the fuel car and you need fuel
to fill up the airplane yes that he's
been talking about the last eight hours
yeah and we got to find that girl and
the president's been murdered and what
these things are happening
they're never gonna coalesce into some
little what's mine I guess it's fine too
but yeah it's always more satisfying
when everything fits together oh they
were all connected in a brilliant play
I'll cop to enjoying his Donald the dead
but that was 75 percent Sarah Polley
his Donna the Dead was week Frank Miller
is a hack he might have turned into a
parody of himself he has turned into a
parody of himself but he sent too many
good things for me to call him a hack
was he's just a good durable some good
work of daredevil
did he turn into a parody of himself or
has he always been a nut job and we just
didn't notice right away he's always
been a nut job heshes gotten a little
bit more extreme sure which is kind of
how I why I described it isn't big of a
parody of himself he's crank the Frank
Miller dial all the way up when he was
ridin high it was only at like a 5 maybe
a four and a half just scratching the
surface of crazy then scratching the
surface
[Laughter]
yeah Erie Theory the the the the the
thing the best part of zack snyder's
both the Watchmen and the Dawn of the
Dead were those awesome intro sequences
that Johnny Cash when the man comes
around and throated Dawn of the Dead was
awesome oh that in fact that whole intro
sequence right with the little girl yeah
that was great and the the man comes
around and similar with the watchman he
had that that wonderful I go through the
watchman timeline montage yeah brilliant
yeah the rest of the Watchmen garbage
fucking garbage fucking garbage watchman
misses the point
yeah of the watchman in a big way that's
the major problem I have with it yeah
dude badass five scenes point of the
comics there look things goofballs
is it Rorschach cool he's so cool free a
fucking knob Allen bore himself has but
always been disappointed that he said I
wrote Roche a chasm scathing criticism
Oh if people loved him
[Laughter]
horshack not horshack Rorschach's that's
a different thing
horshack is welcome back kotter
something you kids don't know about with
your YouTube Netflix TV it's not
streaming on hulu hulu hoop it's not as
treatment on your crackle tackles crack
crack exactly yeah yeah you can't tweet
tweet Welcome Back Kotter fret rocket
yay that's right valiant bloodhounds
blood test has Rorschach is a racist
misogynistic homophobic right-wing nut
case he's not a good guy in the best of
days which is the point of his character
which is great yeah that's the point
el amor was trying to make he's
literally he's Batman everything he's a
he's Batman to the extreme which is
great but then you have Snyder framing
him as like the coolest motherfucker
he's more of a dig and Steve Ditko yeah
oh sure
bees asshole
nope you're on your own lady I got shit
to do the director's cut of Watchmen is
much better and it's four hours long
no thanks I'll just read the book again
cuz it's a good book there's not this
weird danger every time I read it I find
more details I didn't notice before
something something subtle is a fucking
good that's a good read that's a good
read dawg
yes just an infinitive Rorschach is
Bruce Wayne
without money exactly that's exactly who
he is I'm sure he was supposed to be a
play on some other character but you
know the question the question sure
sure mr. a to to Steve Ditko's
characters so we're basically the same
character the Punisher I'm sure was big
around then but the Punisher is also
kind of a parody on himself but what I'm
saying is if if the Batarang fits yeah
just to criticism on all vigilantism all
radical that's a good way for just a
criticism on the idea of vigilante
justice he is supposed to be the un'goro
fication of vigilante justice that is
worship and a backfire right there's no
other way well as people glorified it
yeah that I was amazing
this guy is so cool he's so badass he's
a cool Rorschach is a cool character oh
he's a cool character and like it's okay
to think he's badass and also morally
corrupt by advancing is he morally
corrupt
he's just uncompromising his morals I
suppose his standard of morals is what's
objective i I could appreciate his
principles I'm sticking to his
principles like to the bitter end
oh yeah at the end of the Watchmen he is
the one who's he's just not willing to
compromise in the face of certain death
and he just tells dr. Manhattan to
fucking do it in the face of death and
logic and logic cuz he knows he knows
he's got right thing to do oh no laughs
and I'm not saying like his character is
you know like ultimately flawed or
anything no I'm actually I'm like I
really like his character but he's not
supposed to be like the cool badass back
that's not the point of that just
because he does cool badass things
notwithstanding you get it kind of
talking in circles both that's fine
yeah I can't Jack you get it you get it
but no oh then that end of the Watchmen
is great excellent drawing too and you
know to be fair Jack Jack a little
Jackie Earle Haley the actor like yeah
he does a good performance during that
scene
but in the book to like just that that
his face all screwed up at the end egg
it's great this is your friend yep
but then it can't be your friend in the
spacesuit like you just need a different
guy who lost it this is a nerd you need
the stereotypical nerd at the Space
Center here right
whoa-oh a felon time better can't get up
nope
rebel base is saying so the bosses in
this game are supposed to be the seven
deadly sins yes which one is this I have
no idea I honestly don't know which one
he's supposed to be is craziest sin
I suppose that's all so we got lusts
yeah
lost I know cuz that was the guy who
wanted to fuck everyone greed was the
guy with the organs because he was
really upset when you destroyed his
organs his profit and then we have what
does it call to me
oh uh gluttony we have gluttony with the
lady that's clever anger is the the the
asian man we killed beginning okay
well what else we got here envy could
this be envy we're missing envy pride
slaw prides coming up I don't quite get
it but I know it's supposed to pride
okay
yeah lust was the guy with the
flamethrower cock that was that is that
shocking to anybody just just in case
anyone missed that visual metaphor her
so he might be slob
could he be slob was he lazy at any
point no the Chinese guy or Z Chinese
Hershey chairman oh the Asian one the
samurai at the beginning the samurai was
supposed to be wrath okay he gets angry
when you destroy the peaceful settings
around him oh okay sure yeah he's got a
speech I don't know if you heard it but
anger is what dictates my actually so
you say he's got something a dialogue
angers how we know who did am the sword
axe sweet hanker so he's the first guy
we killed wrath wrath is off the table
yeah sloth is coming up sloth also has a
very Michael Bay death oh you know what
is he supposed to be envied possibly
because he's talking about the other
heroes here what was the boob lady I
don't know
oh yeah Envy's got to be the nerd guy
well the seven deadly sins might be the
ones that aren't storyline related oh so
he liked him and then the Nazi lady
might not be they might not fit into the
theme shoes they're related to the main
story okay okay and so then the Nazi
lady also wouldn't be a deadly sin pride
is the only sin boss related to the
story brh Admiral Ackbar says her deadly
sin was Nazis I love it I love it
[Laughter]
why are they freaking out oh because
they see they just saw a picture of a
zombie with a number tattooed on the
zombies neck these guys both have
tattoos on their neck yeah they both
have tattoos and if you remember our the
hero Nick yeah Nick got bitten by a
zombie and he has not turned into a
zombie and his wound magically healed
yes so I'm going to go out on a limb and
a sewer he's some sort of science
experiment okay
we know there are at least 49 of them
okay he was given experimental drugs by
the Army I'm not I guess I'm uh I'll
give a hint but I won't spoil it all
right it's related to something that
comes up in Dead Rising one really yes
yes
mr. Meighan yes barely
let's see here pop pan says hey rich
yeah you are in 100% charge of fixing
the Dead Rising series video game uh-huh
what are you doing oh well I would do
something that wouldn't go over because
it would be going back you could just go
back to the fucking roots
yeah man are you kidding that would sell
like hotcakes might because that's how
you sell it like going back to the
routine that's how they sold for it's
not at all what they did right right but
that's how you sell a new one is that
you know we're going back to the roots
we're we're you know a difficult gaming
again right
that's how you sell it timers
stay tuned
teddy bear
no that's not what I wanted to make you
stupid
you can combine something with a teddy
bear yep
no I need to find a different game that
sucks that sucks that's annoying that's
what that is going back to the roots to
rehash the same game whoo yes but that's
how you sell it that's what people like
to buy they like to buy new versions of
games they already like I need to find
another light machinegun this is
annoying
that's annoying so you can make a teddy
bear me show you something I want to
bring in the Venice in the end of this
next fight that'll help me with the next
fight ok do it just do this fighting
some punks yeah get out of here punks
true-blue reviews hey guys don't know if
you've talked with a black panther but
here's a non spoiler fact I don't want
to spoil anything like I know you stay
down spoilers but neither rich or I have
seen it and it's opening weekend so we
won't spoil anything about anything I'm
excited to see you anonymous is rich
yeah
while re watching the old streams I
noticed you have never played case west
before since it is now compatible with
xbox one any hope of a playthrough I
don't own an Xbox one oh well then there
you go I've never actually played it
what's case west alright alright kind of
an epilogue - Dead Rising - yeah it came
out a little bit after Dead Rising 2
came out and the big gimmick with case
West was bringing you know y'all love
free quests everyone missed Frank West
what bringing Frank West back whoo
but you can't play him in single-player
you have to join someone a co-op to play
as Frank West and I was like I'll fuck
you and I didn't buy it yeah that
character you like you don't get the
part of the militia fuckin multiplayer I
don't like multiplayer I don't like
being reliant a multiplayer of my
entertainment
[Laughter]
so find another machine
dude oh now the big guys are just out
yeah nice
you guys they're gonna be all over the
place money B guys
[Applause]
they stick out a little bit in the
fitting the thralls of normal zombies
yeah anonymous says here this Dead
Rising 3 game is Michael Bay's infernal
a journey through the nine layers of
toxic masculine hell preach on anonymous
this is okay this is this is exactly
like this is this is so stereotypical of
of everything dude bros think is I think
is chuckle worthy oh you'll love what's
coming up oh you'll love what's coming
up i I can't I want to believe that I'm
not gonna be shocked what would you
think is coming up this will be amazing
if you nail it give me a like you know
what kind of setting are you going to
you know like give me a I'm going to a
gym you're going to a gym I'm going to a
gym okay so you're you're either gonna
run into a boob there so you're either
gonna run into a pain & gain ask
roided-out monster or an aerobics
instructor okay
that's what I'm gonna say okay you
either a roided-out can you can you be
more specific
can I be more specific it going to be a
gay aerobics instructor the other one
it's a gay Ruyter that I don't really um
it's I'm not sure I'm not sure but it
okay but I'm not sure the gender yes
it's androgynous bodybuilder I have
fucking loved it so possibly like
they're making fun of the the strong
woman is what they might be doing oh
that's
broats ocular that is awesome like
fucking lovin it's gonna yeah it's gonna
be the like the the bodybuilding woman
who it's okay to make fun of because
she's a bodybuilding woman yeah yeah
like I dig it I dig it I dig it that is
incredibly Michael Bay she's a girl with
muscles
go ahead
oh then I don't like that the first time
idiot
crane craft says a cane craft since
yesterday I beat the rebel flag ship in
FTL congratulation with two HP remaining
congratulation it was an epic space
adventure the whole way through I just
wanted to share my happiness that great
job came came craft that's that is an
accomplishment absolute accomplishment
you know what oh you've everyone a nice
outfit well yourself
just gonna take off the hood sure I need
to breathe Jack we need to breathe
absolutely you know feel the vision you
know look around at all things that's
not
ever like that door open
[Applause]
[Laughter]
I'm interested in ready player one big
black Silvo what I've heard about the
book is that the the book itself is
absolute vapor it's meaningless remember
this remember that without any points or
or like statement referencing nostalgia
it's just references that's what I've
heard about the book and so what will be
interesting is when spielberg gets his
hands on yeah
can he transform nothing but references
into something no maybe maybe
oh no so it's dad yeah yeah yeah yeah
I'm not sure if it's supposed to be a
transgendered woman a transgendered man
that they're making fun of or just a
female who lifts weights that they're
making funny I think it's I'm not sure I
believe the joke is haha the girl has
muscles I think it's it's this is
standard like female weight lifters the
barrel he's just a turret yeah yeah it's
cherry with two eyes that it that is a
straight-up female yeah he's just a
bodybuilder and therefore deserves our
ridicule she she looks different than
ladies are supposed to look so we're
supposed to laughter that's the joke
terrible classic BAE classic BAE
[Music]
oh yeah is jhope like really like it's
it gets so it gets more Michael Bay with
every boss it's beautiful
pride yeah yeah okay
hmm ask you
I see he's getting more comfortable
murdering people now oh yeah you know
that just makes sense you get
desensitized to it yeah that's Farscape
right there I happen to John Crichton oh
yeah first that was big deal and I mean
every time it gets easier miss first
season he's all I'm not killing anybody
he's finding it away find it away and
then the fourth season is just the
harbinger of death and he feels bad
about it it she feels bad that he
doesn't feel bad about it yeah in season
4 there you go yeah that's the writing I
don't even care anymore I'm the monster
yeah yeah it's a lot closer I'll tell
you when I get to the next area know
what time is it how long we were going
it's it's quarter to ten and so I
believe we've we've been going close to
four hours we're right around that four
hour mark it's 10:00 it's this quarter
to 10:00 10:00 to 10:00 we get a gauge
when I when I get to the next main
mission little hub thing it should tell
me where I'm at in the story sure
typically like no matter what I'll
probably have to call in the bit and so
then it's just like do you want to wait
to finish this on Wednesday or do you
want to finish it today
I might just sell I might just power for
sure
you see and you know what if you're like
an our way that is dancing I'm probably
more than an hour and over useless I'm
probably more than an hour it's not
unreasonable like two isn't unreasonable
okay oh yeah we'll see it's good oh the
chat is is egging you on I know they are
they want they want it done
let's see your valiant blood shot says
how to fix the DCE you an animal man
movie a meta-narrative that shows the
behind-the-scenes process of the heroes
struggling against the dark style of the
previous DC films the books did that I
read that about the books is that the
books eventually went full meta and
we're like talking to the writers and
artists animal yeah
animal man who has the power to summon
animal strengths you ain't forget not a
bad idea especially with the popularity
of something like Deadpool you can't use
that as the vehicle to fix your
franchise though but once the DC EU is
fixed they could have their own Deadpool
to comment about how how bad it was at
one point and everyone that you loved it
everyone would fucking love
you know they'll have their own Deadpool
in Animal Man to be all meta and talk
about the dark Schneider days and people
will get a big kick out of it this is
get the plane parts I think I'm
relatively close I might stay the course
you're gonna leave whatever Cherisher
nothing I don't they gonna be I don't
think I'm gonna be two hours I'll
probably I'll probably be about to do I
guess okay
those Lobo break the fourth wall in the
comics he seems like he might think he
did occasionally yeah I don't know I
didn't like I didn't read not too low
but what was so over-the-top and
self-aware of the fact that it was dumb
parodies goof yeah
I know I'll leave in just a little bit
you guys can have your rich time you
guys can have your rich Evans just just
me time is boring they love it they
fucking love it
isn't that upcoming Teen Titans go
movies already making fun of the
superhero Snider stuff yes yes it is
though that's different because that's
the super cartoony cartoon movie yes yes
they're already they're making fun of
like the Justice League really crappy
advertising yeah I'm excited about that
but I want to see things go with my kids
and I think it's hilarious incidentally
yeah everybody out there see how these
side missions I'm not doing everyone
complains about the timer in Dead Rising
you've skipped this stuff like I'm doing
now yeah time is never an issue in Dead
Rising 1 or 2 never if you treat the
side missions like side missions as
optional yes yes
Sandman would be better says Cousteau
still Leary I assumed to restructure DC
Universe just make it his entrapment arc
as a prologue and if people aren't able
to dream so Superman can't dream hope
Batman can't dream justice and Wonder
Woman can't dream the interventive
courageous would have been better before
justice
if if we're looking to salvage the DC
Universe
we need flashlights as ridiculous as it
sounds yeah I mean I concur
it's I concur I hate though that I'm
like we need a reboot of world but
that's the only way to fix it you know
you don't need the movies at all no
let's go but we're gonna get we just not
have a DC Cinematic Universe you know
what wait wait a few years wait a Marvel
runs its course and then started up want
that money there they've already lost it
I know it's gone it's gone already so
yeah you do flashpoint like where it
said you don't go so far back so that
way you get to keep the same Wonder
Woman you get you get new bat you know
flashpoint ends the post-credits scene
is we meet the modern-day versions of
the superheroes and that's why I moved
all the casting news will break of who
Batman and Superman are going to be all
the good versions this time travel
change you Bruce Wayne is Jeanette
butterfly effects the decisions that
Barry Allen made in the past echoed to
Bruce Wayne's childhood you had oh you
here's what you do you had something
that Barry does in the past means that
that pot Kent doesn't die okay right so
that changes who well you should you
recast yours how do you explain
recasting Clark Kent how do you explain
that that's a I don't know that you need
to know do it you're just doing
different person different actor uh no
there's no there's no in world
explanation he's just to do okay new
player people get that
I like Henry Cavill though you know I
don't know I don't know even when he was
being good guys Superman
he's got the Snyder stank on him all
you'll remember is him cracking Zod's
neck and then screaming that's the only
Superman he'll ever be he can't he can't
do it gotta recast Affleck's too old to
be Batman anymore
yeah nonsense
true Oh old is he huh old is he
I don't know in his 40s that's I always
imagine Batman as being somewhat older
yeah maybe
how many Robins is he raised you gonna
try and tell me that Bruce Wayne is
20-something no late thirties early
forties he's got a dolt sons peak
physical condition
Batman doesn't have to be peak his
talent his skill makes up for whatever
he doesn't quite have in peak anymore
he's got to be in peak so I'm gonna say
he doesn't I don't I don't think Batman
needs to be physical I don't think he
needs that yeah yeah oh no yeah I mean
he has to be an adult he has to be like
seasoned yes yes agree
bring back Brandon Roth nope can't -
silly - silly and he's he's the atom now
he's got a gig you can't come back he's
already gone down to TV he can't come
back to movies that's not how it works
anymore
oh this thing hello nothing
I thought about rewatching Superman
Returns because like I might need a nice
nap God that movie was boring I'm not
saying that Brandon Roth was a terrible
Superman I just don't remember it
because I think I passed out during the
movie we're gonna play a game yeah guess
which sin this guy is giant house I was
all ready to say greed oh that's great I
just don't want to leave my chair yeah
look you need to give me that key
there's muffins in an artery that could
keep dozens of people alive yeah that's
good yeah yeah
the sir oh the surgeon is greed yeah
okay
surgeons it's Oh cuz he wants all the
body thank you okay I get what's going
to sell them yeah yeah okay ah dig it I
think what they're going for
yeah doesn't you know could have maybe
done a little more tactfully but I dig
it
let's see here rich this is Lloyd beets
I also hate multiplayer only games and I
need a sound clip so that I can stop
explaining it can you and your carnival
barker voice say it's multiplayer only
well it can fuck right off set it's
multiplayer only well it can fuck right
off then mail it rebel base says back
when this game came out it got shade
which means that some criticism well
it's much worse than pricing well it got
shade for the story being too serious
also having a ridiculous tone I don't
think anyone compared it serious so
Michael Bay you guys are my favorite
reviewers but see by the way it does do
that it does like our protagonist is
very serious and then when you mix that
with it's ridiculous over-the-top
archetypes it does not mesh well
together yeah that's the problem with
the game is there was a way that they
could have been like tongue-in-cheek
about this whole thing and making fun of
how ridiculous it is and then it could
have played well but it does have a very
serious tone to it I think that that
doesn't here's our exciting death what
oh wait you beat him yeah all you have
to do is hit some helicopters he shits
himself and dies well on that note on
that fucking note I'm heading out all
right jack a nice night thank you for
sharing this game with me oh oh no
problem no problem I think good Megan I
think you've seen the best of what he
has to offer I I'm glad I got to see
this epic epic take all right P a fart
on your no death run let's play through
on your playthrough all right bye guys
adios jack quickly how quickly will we
do this shit
I think I'm think I'm done with the side
missions it's all right it's all right